id,title,text,label
13527,"ONLY DAYS AGO…BATON ROUGE THUG, #BlackLives Matter Supporter MAKES VIDEO…Says He’s Going To Start KILLING COPS…FBI, Local Police Make Visit…NO ARREST…NO CHARGES! [VIDEO]","This thug doesn t just threaten to KILL COPS he encourages OTHERS who are watching the Youtube video to JOIN HIM! Why wasn t this thug charged with encouraging the murder of police officers?***WARNING****LANGUAGE AND VIOLENCE****Yesterday, 3 teenage thugs were arrested in Baton Rouge for a plot to KILL Police Officers. Our Community Agitator in Chief has put these police officers lives at risk. America needs to start calling out Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton and any other prominent figure who is standing behind Black Lives Matter, a terror group created to inspire the Black community to show up at the polls for Democrats (specifically for Hillary) in November:Police arrested three suspects and were seeking a possible fourth suspect accused of stealing several handguns as part of what authorities Tuesday described as  substantial, credible threat  to harm police officers in the Baton Rouge area.The arrests come at a time of heightened tensions after the deadly police shootings of black men in Baton Rouge and Minnesota and the killing of five police officers in Dallas last week.Authorities in Baton Rouge discovered the alleged plot while responding to a burglary at a pawn shop early Saturday morning, Baton Rouge police Chief Carl Dabadie said in a press conference. The chief said the first suspect arrested told police that  the reason the burglary was being done was to harm police officers.  He said the suspect didn t give any details about when or where a possible plot would be carried out. We have been questioned repeatedly over the last several days about our show of force and why we have the tactics that we have. Well, this is the reason, because we had credible threats against the lives of law enforcement in this city,  he said.The police department has come under criticism for the tactics it s employed to deal with protesters, using riot police and military-style vehicles on the streets of the capital city. Over a three day period, police arrested about 200 protesters.In a statement, police said surveillance video showed the suspects using a ladder to climb the roof of the building to get in. Eight handguns and one airsoft BB gun were missing from the store.Authorities said they arrested one suspect   Antonio Thomas, 17   at the scene with a handgun and a BB gun. Another suspect, Malik Bridgewater, was apprehended Sunday and a third suspect   a 13-old boy   was apprehended on a street. They called on the fourth suspect to turn himself in. Another man was arrested for allegedly purchasing two of the stolen guns, but he hasn t been linked to the alleged plot, a police spokesman said.All of the suspects are from Baton Rouge and all are black. The suspects face charges including burglary, simple burglary, and theft of a firearm; they have not been arrested on any charges related to plotting to kill police.State Police Col. Mike Edmonson called it a  substantial, credible threat  to police.Six of the eight stolen firearms have been recovered and two are still at large, authorities said.A week after 37-year-old Alton Sterling was shot and killed by two white police officers in Baton Rouge outside a convenience store, tension are high in the city. While protesters demand justice for Sterling, the shootings in Dallas last week and other attacks on police around the country have put the police on edge.Earlier Tuesday, Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards defended the police response to protesters rallying against the shooting death of a black man by white officers, saying Tuesday that the riot gear and weaponry was appropriate. We ve had a police officer with teeth knocked out of his face because of a rock. If you don t have on riot gear, you have no defence against that sort of thing,  said the Democratic governor, who comes from a family of sheriffs. In light of what happened in Dallas, understanding that just one gunman can change the situation entirely, how do you in good conscience put police officers on the street without the ability to defend themselves?  he said.After nearly a week of protests over the killing of Alton Sterling, Baton Rouge officers, state police and other law enforcement agencies have received criticism for their methods of dealing with demonstrators.Protests have spread across the country as people express outrage over the recent death in Baton Rouge and of a second black man, Philando Castile, at the hands of police in Minnesota last week. The Justice Department has opened a federal civil rights investigation into Sterling s shooting.In the first few days after Sterling s death, police took a reserved approach to enforcement, keeping a low profile as hundreds gathered outside the convenience store where Sterling died.But tensions escalated at weekend protests that moved away from the store and into other areas of the city, with nearly 200 people arrested and a show of force from law enforcement that included police wielding batons, armed with long guns and wearing shields.The American Civil Liberties Union of Louisiana has criticized police as using  violent, militarized tactics on groups of people who have gathered peacefully.  Amnesty International has questioned the high number of arrests. Via: The Globe and MailCall local Baton Rouge Police Department to ask why this thug wasn t charged: (225) 389-2000 ",0
13528,"OBAMA LECTURES COPS On Bigotry, Slavery, Oppression At Memorial Service For Dallas Cops Murdered By Black Racist [VIDEO]","Obama had the audacity to tell this crowd of mourners that he wonders  if the divides of race in America can ever be bridged?  He must have forgotten who created and cultivated the racial divide with his good friends Eric Holder and Al Sharpton None of us is entirely innocent And that includes our police departments It started out well, with Obama calling the shooting  racial hatred , but then descended quickly into a lecture to the police about their bigotry and need to recognize the pain Black Lives Matter folks feel. He even brought up slavery, Jim Crow and  history of oppression . It was about salving his own issues, as always, not recognizing the event he was at, a memorial for the five officers. He did mention them, but spent most of the time imploring people to recognize their racism.   Weasel ZippersPresident Obama defended the Black Lives Matter movement Tuesday at a memorial service for five slain Dallas police officers, saying bigotry remains in police departments across the U.S. While paying tribute to the fallen officers for sacrificing their lives to protect others from a sniper, Mr. Obama also called on law enforcement agencies to root out bigotry. We have all seen this bigotry in our lives at some point,  Mr. Obama told an audience of several hundred at a concert hall in Dallas. None of us is entirely innocent. No institution is entirely immune. And that includes our police departments. We know this.  The officers   Michael Smith, Lorne Ahrens, Michael Krol, Brent Thompson and Patrick Zamarripa   were killed by a black sniper who told police he targeted white officers during a Black Lives Matter protest Thursday night.At the service, photographs of the slain officers were displayed on the stage. Five empty seats in the arena were adorned with folded U.S. flags and duty-officer hats to signify their loss.The president, who has been criticized by law-enforcement officials for supporting the Black Lives Matter movement, said Americans  cannot simply turn away and dismiss those in peaceful protest as troublemakers or paranoid. We can t simply dismiss it as a symptom of political correctness or reverse racism,  he said.HERE is part of Obama s embarrassing speech. The speech in its entirety can be found below:Former President George W. Bush, a resident of the Dallas area, said the nation is proud of the slain officers. Our police chief and police department have been mighty inspirations for the rest of the nation,  Mr. Bush said.  These slain officers were the best among us. Referring to racial divisions roiling the country, Mr. Bush said Americans must work at  finding our better selves. We recognize that we are brothers and sisters, sharing the same brief moment on earth,  Mr. Bush said.  We do not want the unity of grief, nor do we want the unity of fear. We want the unity of hope, affection and high purpose. Mr. Obama said the gunman, Army veteran Micah X. Johnson, committed  an act not just of demented violence, but of racial hatred. It s as if the deepest fault lines of our democracy have been exposed, perhaps even widened,  the president said.  We wonder if the divides of race in America can ever be bridged. Narcissistic jack hole Via: Washington TimesHere is Obama s speech in its entirety: ",0
13529,WATCH: GEORGE W. BUSH Offers Somber Memorial Honoring Lives Of Murdered Dallas Police Officers…OBAMA Gives Speech About URGENT Need For GUN CONTROL [VIDEO],"These two Presidents could not be more different. George W. Bush is a natural born leader. He inspires others to consider someone other than themselves, to come together and to unite. He proves through his actions that we shouldn t be afraid to act as a humble servant of the Lord. Barack Obama s speech on the other hand, proves he is nothing more than a narcissistic, arrogant and condescending community agitator. As George W. Bush appeals to the better side of America and implores them to come together and heal in the face of heightened racial tensions, Obama remains laser focused on himself, and on his insatiable desire to take away our Second Amendment Right. Obama s speech was not geared towards healing a torn and divided community. His speech was about promoting his radical gun-control agenda. It was about sound bites, as he waited on cue for applause from a group of people who were there to mourn the loss of their father, their brother, their son or their trusted co-worker.Watch George W. Bush s eloquent unity speech, honoring the lives of the brave Dallas law enforcement officers who were killed at the hands of a racist inspired by the Obama-Holder-Sharpton war on cops and war on White Americans:Compare G.W. Bush s speech to the divisive, angry and condescending speech from a petulant Barack Hussein Obama who just can t seem to get Americans to buy into his final act:",0
13530,YIKES! SHOCKING FOOTAGE Of Black Lives Matter Protesters Being Hit By Vehicles Caught On Camera [VIDEO],"It s pretty safe to say if you stand in front of moving traffic, or intentionally blocking passage of a vehicle, there s a good chance someone is going to get hurt. How do these rioters protesters know where these vehicles they re blocking are going? What about the panicked parent who s trying to get their kid with appendicitis to the hospital, or the cancer patient who can barely drive who s on their way to the clinic for a treatment? Or how about the expectant mother whose anxious husband is desperately trying to navigate around a terrorists who are  blocking the road as he tries to get his wife to labor and delivery? And what sort of violence or punishment by law enforcement should these innocent drivers expect if they disobey these thugs and drive through their human roadblock? Why doesn t the news talk about the danger these terrorist are putting everyday Americans in?From Todd Starnes, FOX News   Black Lives Matter protesters laid siege to a number of cities over the weekend including my hometown: Memphis, Tennessee.They shut down the Interstate 40 bridge over the Mississippi River   stranding thousands of motorists for hours   in sweltering heat.Blocking a roadway is a crime under Tennessee law.Yet Memphis police officers were told to stand down and allow the agitators to block the Hernando-Desoto Bridge. They used to call that kind of behavior aiding and abetting.Not a single person was arrested.Police say it was a peaceful protest. But photographs taken from the bridge showed a very different situation. In one instance, young men climbed atop a tractor-trailer- raising their fists in defiance.I wonder if the driver of that tractor-trailer thought it was a peaceful demonstration?Television station WMC reported that protesters even blocked a car trying to escort a child to St. Jude Children s Research Hospital. Apparently that child s life did not matter to the protesters.The car was eventually allowed to pass   but only after police intervened.We have no idea how many emergency responses were hampered by the gridlock created by the BLM crowd. We have no idea how many people missed family events or missed work because they were trapped on the interstate.In St. Paul, Minnesota, at least 21 police officers were injured during a  full-scale riot  on Interstate 94, according to the Star-Tribune.Violent thugs hurled rocks, concrete and rebar at officers as they protested the killing of Philando Castile.One of those officers suffered a broken vertebra after someone dropped a concrete block on his head.Could someone explain to me how fracturing a police officer s spine and preventing a child from getting to the hospital advances the Black Lives Matter agenda?The police-involved shootings in Baton Rouge and Minnesota were terrible tragedies.If investigators determine the officers broke they law   they should and must be brought to justice.But both shootings are still under investigation   so to be honest   no one knows for certain what happened.Yet, the mainstream media, the Obama administration and the professional race agitators have once again rushed to judgment   just like they did in Ferguson, Missouri.They never let a crisis go to waste, do they?It feels like our nation has been sucker-punched. You can see it on people s faces. Sorrow. Frustration. Anger. Helplessness.I understand that frustration   but it does not give us a license to disobey the law.Peaceful protesting is one thing. Domestic terrorism is another.Here s a look at what happens when lawbreakers obstruct the roadway. We re uncertain how many of these accidents were intentional or truly accidents. We re certainly not condoning hitting Black Lives Matter terrorists who block the safe passage of vehicles, but seriously this is what happens when you intentionally put yourself in harms way!",0
13531,WOW! FACEBOOK HQ’s JOINS OBAMA’S WAR ON COPS…A CLOSER LOOK At This Huge Sign Proves It,"Facebook CEO and founder, Mark Zuckerberg is clearly making an effort to recognize the recent deaths of two black men, who the media has determined (without a trial) are victims of unjustified deaths at the hands of white police officers. The Michael Brown trial proved without a shadow of a doubt that he NEVER had his hands up when he was shot, and that furthermore, he was attempting to overtake Officer Wilson and steal his gun when he was shot and killed. The Freddie Grey case has been tried in courts and every cop has been exonerated. But who needs facts when burning down cities and killing innocent cops who are fathers, husbands and sons is so much more effective when it comes to angering the black community into voting for Hillary? When the CEO of social media giant Facebook, who reaches BILLIONS of people around the world, openly sides with a radical, leftist, violent organization, that many consider to be a terrorist group, the whole world is in very big trouble.On Friday, Facebook s Menlo Park headquarters put up a giant sign declaring that  Black Lives Matter  and held a moment of silence for the people who had died. ""Your pain is our pain."" #blm #blacklivesmatterA post shared by Trish (@trishytreesh) on Jul 8, 2016 at 2:36pm PDTA close-up of the sign shows that the words are formed from individuals  names, including Emmett Till, Trayvon Martin, Oscar Grant, Eric Garner, Oscar Grant, Michael Brown, Jordan Davis, Kimani Gray, Renisha McBride, Jonathan Ferrell, and Amadou Diallo.When Zuckerberg put this sign up in front of the Facebook HQ s, did he consider putting a sign up honoring the lives of the MURDERED COPS in Dallas by RACIST cop killer Micah X. Johnson? Or how about the other cops who ve been murdered at the hands of racists inspired by the BLM movement? Oh wait..never mind. That wouldn t help Obama s cause to agitate black voters, thereby encouraging them to turn out the vote for Hillary in November. And it s pretty clear whose team Facebook is on This instagram user posts a picture of the BLM sign at the Facebook HQ s. The first comment suggests that unless other companies get behind the Obama-Holder-Sharpton race/cop war movement, they should stop spending money with them. Maybe no one told this person, but Facebook is SUPPOSED to be a social media PLATFORM and NOT a social media political opinion influencer! Facebook has played a major role in capturing evidence and disseminating fury in the recent glut of police-involved violence. After a police officer shot Castile, his fiance Diamond Reynolds went live on Facebook with damning footage of the aftermath. The video has since racked up more than 5 million views. (Facebook briefly took the video down late Wednesday night due to what it called a  glitch. )The next day, Thursday, users again turned to Facebook Live to broadcast footage from a protest in Dallas, that captured sounds of gunfire when a sniper shot multiple people, leaving five police officers dead.In the aftermath of Castile s death, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg heralded the power of Facebook Live. The images we ve seen this week are graphic and heartbreaking, and they shine a light on the fear that millions of members of our community live with every day,  he wrote.#AltonSterling and #PhilandoCastile s lives mattered. Black lives matter. We need racial justice now. pic.twitter.com/mXTC0zRfqJ  Google (@Google) July 7, 2016Via: Fusion*These photos were posted on Instagram by people who claim to work at Facebook.",0
13532,SHOCK POLL In MUST WIN State Of FLORIDA: Hispanics Turn Backs On Crooked Hillary,"Apparently the Black Lives Matter terror group hasn t managed to distract Florida voters from Crooked Hillary s untrustworthy record A new poll released from JMC Analytics in Florida (full pdf below) shows Donald Trump leading Hillary Clinton 47% to 42%, and leading with Hispanic voters 49% to 36%.Some (particularly MSM) pundits will find these results quite shocking   however, we do not. We ve repeatedly pointed out that Latino voters in Florida are very familiar with strong Patrone  male figures within their family. Trump represents a very familiar cultural voice for them.This was abundantly evident in the primary race where Donald Trump won every county within Florida by exceptionally wide margins.You ll often hear the professional political punditry talk about the  central (I-4) corridor  and how the specific high population demographics influences elections. Central Florida, and South Central Florida are the inland growing regions for much of the state s agricultural industry. Look there and you can identify the Latino cultural support for Donald Trump.The coastal communities are diverse and representative of the larger U.S. electorate. Hillary Clinton predictably polls well in the same area where Marco Rubio won out in the Republican primary. However, Miami-Dade, while population strong, is less influential as the years have progressed and other coastal community populations have grown.Via: Conservative Treehouse",0
13533,NFL PLAYER POSTS Picture Of Cop’s Throat Being Slit On Social Media,"When Black Lives Matter supporters use the same tactics as an ISIS terrorist, America has a serious problem. Black Lives Matter continues to prove, beyond a shadow of a doubt, they re a terrorist organization.After Beyonce s racist halftime Super Bowl 2016 show, this disgusting terrorist type post from an active NFL player shouldn t come as a surprise to anyone NFL Cleveland Browns running back posted this on Instagram this weekend:Because dead cops is cool.   GPUnder the vile picture he posted in ebonics: They give polices all types of weapons and they continuously choose to kill us. Communist Disney s ESPN had Cowell s back after the outrage he received on social media:Cleveland Browns running back Isaiah Crowell apologized and said his social media reaction to last week s killing of two black men by police was  very wrong. Crowell said he made an  extremely poor decision  when he posted a drawing that graphically showed a hooded individual putting what looks like a machete into the throat of a police officer. It was an extremely poor decision and I apologize for that mistake and for offending people,  Crowell said in a statement released by the team.  My values and beliefs do not match that image. The post went up after the police killings of Alton Sterling in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and Philando Castile in Falcon Heights, Minnesota, and before the killing of five Dallas police officers Thursday night.Crowell wrote that he was  outraged and upset  by the killing of Sterling and Castile, and  outraged and saddened  by the killing of the five Dallas police officers. He called last week  an emotional and difficult week,  but said his post was wrong. We have to be better as a society,  Crowell said.  It s not about color, it s about what s right and wrong. I was very wrong in posting that image. Every single life matters, every death as a result of violence should be treated with equal outrage and penalty. ",0
13534,"BOOM! OBAMA REQUIRED To Respond, After Petition To “Formally Recognize BLACK LIVES MATTER As A Terrorist Organization” Exceeds Required 100K Signatures In ONLY 5 Days…ADD YOUR NAME!","A  We The People  petition was started on July 6TH, asking the government to  formally designate Black Lives Matter as a terrorist organization . The White House requires that the person or group who initiates a petition on their  We The People  petition page must gather at least 100,000 signatures in 30 days. Once they have the signatures, the White House site guarantees they will review the petition and offer an official response. Obama will no doubt spin this, but in the meantime, it s a statement by over 100,000 American citizens about their belief that Black Lives Matter is nothing more than a terror organization. The overwhelming support for labeling Black Lives Matter at terror group won t bode well for Hillary, who has openly supported them in an embarrassing effort to pander for votes.From the White House created  We The People  Petition page:About We the PeopleThe right to petition your government is guaranteed by the First Amendment of the United States Constitution. We the People is a platform that empowers the American public to take this action like never before   it s a way for anybody, anywhere, to speak directly to the government and become an agent for change.With We the People, you can easily create a petition online, share it, and collect signatures. If you gather 100,000 signature in 30 days, we ll review your petition, make sure it gets in front of the appropriate policy experts, and issue an official response.Petitioning has the potential to enact real change   just check out some of our petition creator s success stories   but it s also your fundamental right as an American citizen, and an opportunity to connect with a community of like-minded people who are invested in making a change. Ideally, running a petition on We the People is just the start of something bigger   a long-term, robust form of civic engagement.The White House Reviews and RespondsOnce the petition reaches the required threshold (100,000 signatures), it will be put in a queue to be reviewed by the White House. Others can still sign the petition while it is awaiting a response. When the White House responds, everyone who has signed the petition will get email from the White House to let you know that we ve reviewed and responded to the petition.Q: How will the White House decide which petitions to respond to?The White House plans to respond to each petition that crosses the current signature threshold, which you can view on the Terms of Participation page. In some cases, the White House response might not address the facts of a particular matter to avoid the appearance of improper influence (such as in specific procurement, law enforcement or adjudicatory matters). In addition, the White House will not respond to petitions that violate We the People s Terms of Participation. In some cases, a single update may be used for petitions on similar topics.To date, the petition has collected 107,652 signatures. If you d like to add your name, click HERE. ",0
13535,UNREAL! OBAMA DEFENDS Black Lives Matter By Race Baiting…Again! [Video],Obama is such a race baiter! ,0
13536,FALSE NARRATIVE EXPOSED: CASTILE WAS ARMED ROBBERY SUSPECT…Video Surfaces Of Girlfriend [Not Exactly Mother Of The Year] Days Before His Death,"Nothing ever is as it appears. There is usually more to the story than one side. Of course, the media isn t interested in the cops side of the story, because it won t help the Left and their war on cops. There is more than one tragedy in this story, and that is the tragedy of Reynold s 4 year old girl. What this little girl has had to endure with a mother who openly used drugs in front of her and videotaped her crotch and various other body parts while listening to explicit music (see video below) is beyond the pale. We aren t saying the cop in this case is innocent or guilty. We ll do what most Americans should do in any criminal case We ll wait for all of the facts to come out before we make any judgements. The question is, Is it possible for the Black Lives Matter rioters to take a deep breath until the truth is discovered in this case, or is there some sense of urgency to punish/kill cops and police forces across the country before this case ever goes to court? The Falcon Heights, Minnesota police shooting of Philando Castile is based around an entirely false narrative. Castile and Ms. Diamond Reynolds (Facebook video uploader) were pulled over by police because Castile matched a BOLO Alert for an armed robbery suspect from four days prior.In addition, Mr. Castile also matched the physical description of the suspect as given by eye witnesses:Unfortunately, the false statements in the video   which have gone viral, and are being pushed by the mainstream media   have created a backlash against police officers.Police officers in: Dallas (link), Tennessee (link), Missouri (link) and Georgia (link) have been Shot or killed in the past 24 hours as a result of a false narrative driven by the Black Lives Matter movement. It is important to get the truth out quickly.Saint Anthony, MN, Police Officers Jeronimo Yanez and Joseph Kauser pulled over Mr. Castile and Ms. Reynolds because the driver, Philando Castile, matched the suspect profile in an armed robbery which occurred on July 2nd, at a convenience store, only a few blocks from where their car was pulled over.The armed robbery occurred on July 2nd 7:30pm (Sat). The CCTV images were given to media and LEO by detectives on July 5th (Tuesday). A BOLO (Be On Look Out) alert was issued the same day, Tuesday July 5th. Philando Castile was pulled over on July 6th.From the radio dispatch of Officer Jeronimo Yanez: I m going to stop a car. I m going to check IDs. I have reason to pull it over. The two occupants just look like people that were involved in a robbery. The driver looks more like one of our suspects, just  cause of the wide set nose. A minute and a half later, the recording captures the first report that there was a shooting. (link)Ms. Diamond Reynolds narrates the now viral Facebook video with several false statements.Reynolds claimed they were pulled over for a broken tail light, false.Ms. Reynolds also claims her boyfriend, Castile, was holding a concealed carry permit for a firearm that was resting on his left thigh. This also appears to be false.According to a question presented to the local county sheriff who oversees the Concealed Carry Permit process, Mr. Castile had never requested a concealed carry permit from their office:It is possible a CCP was obtained in another county, however the media are conflating  permit to purchase  with  concealed carry permit . For some reason the CCP ownership is being amplified; it really has no bearing and is largely irrelevant for the context of the situation. That said, there is no factual evidence Mr. Philando Castile had a CCP.Due to the rear facing camera option on the phone Ms. Reynolds was using, the uploaded video everyone has seen is a reversed mirror image   making it appear she was in the drivers side, and Castile was on the passenger side. However, that impression is incorrect, Castile was driving the vehicle. The uploaded image is reversed by Facebook Livestream Video.However, correcting the mirror image, in part of the video it is possible to see a hand gun located on the thigh of Philando Castile. This also appears to be why Officer Yanez repeats to Ms. Reynolds not to reach toward her boyfriend:This hand gun also appears to be the same type of hand gun used in the Convenience Store Armed robbery four days earlier (7/2/16)In addition, Mr. Castile also matched the physical description of the suspect as given by eye witnesses:[ ] The other suspect was described as a black man with shoulder-length dreadlocks, who wore tan pants, tan shoes with white soles, a green jacket, a green baseball cap and glasses, the release says. He also had some of his hair pulled into a bun through the strap on the back of his hat and had a small mustache and facial hair on his chin. (link)Similar clothes as noted on the robbery suspect are also noted in the Facebook images of Mr. Castile. However, whether Mr. Castile is actually the person who committed the armed robbery is -again- essentially a moot point. Officer Geronimo Yanez gave the reason for the stop over the radio to his dispatcher as a possible ID on an  armed robbery suspect  Via: Conservative TreehouseDennis Michael Lynch   From what we can see in the video, Castile is hunched over in the passenger seat of a car driven by Castile s girlfriend, Diamond Reynolds. His shirt is blood soaked and he is barely alive. Reynolds talks to her Facebook Live audience as a cop is outside the car calling for backup, and her young daughter sits in the back seat.Here is the video of the shooting. ***WARNING***This video is VERY GRAPHIC and DISTURBING:In the video, Reynolds claims Castile did nothing wrong. She says the police officer asked for Castile s license, and that Castile told the officer he was legally carrying a firearm before he reached for his identification. According to Reynolds, it was when Castile reached for his license that the cop shot him in the arm four times. After Reynolds makes her claim, she points the camera at the police officer who is standing outside the passenger window with his gun pointed at a wounded Castile. The police officer counters Reynolds claim by stating he told Castile not to reach for his gun.Because the video was captured after the shooting, it all comes down to Reynolds  word versus the word of the police officer. But can we take Reynolds  word as being credible?This uncovered, disturbing video shows Castile and Reynolds in car with Reynolds young daughter in the back seat only days before confrontation with police:Three days before his death, Castile took part in another one of Reynolds  Facebook Live videos. In this video Diamond Reynolds sits in the driver s seat and films herself smoking pot. At one point she passes the joint to Castile. This all takes place while Reynolds  daughter watches from the back seat.In addition to showcasing her own drug use, the majority of the video is Reynolds filming her body parts for the world to see, including her breasts and crotch. Castile just sits back and says nothing while Reynolds makes her video. Meanwhile, Reynolds daughter is in the background watching her mother. She appears disturbed by the situation and asks her mother if they can leave to watch fireworks. ",0
13537,OBAMA’S RACE WAR Spreads Like Cancer To London: Famous Blind Musician Weighs In [VIDEO],"Because blind people are probably experts on judging people based on skin color. No mention of the police officers killed over the two bloody days bloody of Black Lives Matter terrorism, starting with the Dallas massacre by racist former Houston Black Panther and ending up with concrete, Molotov cocktails and bricks being thrown at police officers heads during 5-hour shut down of major highway in MN Motown singer Stevie Wonder has told a huge crowd in London, that  black lives matter  because we are the original people of this world  as the city descended into three days of chaos caused by Black Lives Matter demonstrations.The superstar did not, however, address the deaths of five white police officers who were slaughtered in Texas on Friday by a black activist who wanted  to kill white people . All life does matter, but the reason that I say black lives matter is because we are the original people of this world,  Mr. Wonder told the British Summer Time Festival in Hyde Park. So in essence, everyone here has some black in you. You ve all got some soul in you so stop denying your culture,  he added.The singer warned the 65,000-strong crowd of  this horrible time we re living in  as he opened his set. Adding: I encourage you to choose love over hate. It s just that simple. Choose love over hate, right over wrong, kind over meanness. Hope over no hope at all .On the same weekend as Mr. Wonder s statements, London descended into chaos as Black Lives Matter  shut down  Parliament Square on Friday, Brixton on Saturday, and Oxford Street and the U.S. embassy on Sunday.Watch the stupidity as Londoners at BLM protest compare apartheid in S. Africa to discrimination against blacks in America:Roads were blocked for up to six hours as activists climbed roofs and demonstrated about  racist police  and  police violence  in  solidarity with our American brothers and sisters .Via: Breitbart ",0
13538,NO RESPECT! US DIPLOMAT ATTACKED By Russian Guard…Our Lame Response [Video],"If you haven t seethe viral video of a takedown by a Russian guard on one of our guys, you simply won t believe it! Now we punish Russia with a light slap on the wrist for tackling on of our guys? Lame!The United States expelled two Russian officials on June 17 in response to an attack by a Russian policeman on an American diplomat earlier in the month, the State Department said Friday. On June 17, we expelled two Russian officials from the United States in response to this attack,  State Department spokesman John Kirby told reporters. He would not provide any further detail.Kirby said a Russian guard attacked an American diplomat outside of the U.S. Embassy compound in Moscow on June 6. He described the attack as  unprovoked and it endangered the safety of our employee. The Russian Foreign Ministry said the diplomat was a CIA agent who hit the guard in the face. Instead of the CIA employee, who was in disguise, as we understand, it could have been anyone  a terrorist, an extremist, a suicide bomber,  said Maria Zakharova, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman.Kirby responded to Moscow s accusation by telling reporters,  The Russian claim that the policeman was protecting the embassy from an unidentified individual is simply untrue. The State Department has said that Russia has harassed U.S. diplomats in the past, a claim the Kremlin denies.Relations between Moscow and Washington have been especially strained since Russia annexed the Crimean peninsula from Ukraine in 2014. YOU WON T BELIEVE THIS! Via: WFB",0
13539,NAACP CHIEF Asks BLM Rioters To “Show up en masse at polls…Need to ensure that every demonstrator is a vote” [VIDEO],"Put down the bricks and vote! Hmmm I wonder if he has a particular party in mind?Black Lives Matter activists need to  need to ensure that every demonstrator is a vote  in the fall elections in order to win policy changes pertaining to police misconduct and officer-involved shootings, according to the head of the NAACP. To bring about the kind of change that we need, we need to ensure that every demonstrator is a vote and that we to show up en masse and in the millions at the polls in November,  NAACP president Cornell William Brooks said on CBS   Face the Nation  Sunday morning.The question of how the Black Lives Matter movement would affect the presidential campaigns has taken on increased significance over the last week, with two videos of police shootings going viral in the days before a self-described  black nationalist  ambushed and killed five Dallas police officers who were protecting protesters on Friday night. We need to bring about reform at the state and municipal level and at the federal level and, of course, call upon our presidential candidates to take racial profiling seriously and address it in their party platforms and in their campaigns,  Brooks said.Presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, who needs to mobilize the Obama coalition of record minority turnout to win this fall, said that the recent events call for white Americans to hear  the legitimate cries  of black Americans mistreated by police. I will call for white people like myself to put ourselves in the shoes of those African-American families who fear every time their children go somewhere, who have to have the talk about how to really protect themselves when they re the ones that should be expecting protection from encounters with police,  she said Friday. Via: Washington Examiner",0
13540,OFF-DUTY POLICE OFFICER SHOOTS AND KILLS Black Lives Matter Supporter After He Broke Into Cop’s Home Following Facebook Argument,"This is truly a sad and senseless situation. This young man, who is now deceased was given a scholarship to college, was a star athlete, and now he s dead. Why? Because Barack Obama started a race war and tens of thousands of influential young men and women have bought into it, hook, line and sinker. Hillary has been promising to keep the hate and division alive. If America likes seeing innocent cops being gunned down in cold blood, or watching relationships between people of different races turning into nonsensical violent confrontations, vote for Hillary to keep this nightmare alive An off-duty St. Louis County police officer shot and killed a man who tried to enter his home in Lakeshire in South County on Saturday afternoon, according to police.The intruder was a 20-year-old man known to the family who had recently made threats toward the family and  uninvolved members of the community  on Facebook, police said Saturday night.Police Sunday morning identified the intruder as Tyler Gebhard, 20, of the 7900 block of Navajoe Street in the Affton area.An uncle, Patrick Brogan, 57, of Waterloo, Ill., said Gebhard became acquainted with the county police officer through a church connection.Brogan said his nephew, a former Affton High School football standout, suffered from bi-polar disorder.According to Brogan, the officer and Gebhard had been arguing on Facebook about Black Lives Matter.Gebhard, who was biracial, empathized with the group s objectives but did not actively participate in protests, Brogan said.The Affton School District website notes that Gebhard was a 2014 recipient of the Howard Foundation of St. Louis Scholarship, awarded by the United Negro College Fund.Brogan called his nephew  a hard-hitting kid at football. Gebhard, he added, also excelled at golf.Nikki Toal, a family friend who also resides in Waterloo, described Gebhard as a  wonderful kid. He was a sweetheart,  Toal told a reporter outside the family s Affton home.  The nicest person you could ever meet. Family members told Brogan the disagreement between the two men culminated with Gebhard traveling from Affton to Lakeshire late Saturday afternoon.St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar at a Saturday press conference did not identify the officer involved beyond describing him as a three-year veteran of the department.The officer was placed on administrative leave pending investigation of the incident.Belmar on Saturday offered a timeline of what occurred after Gebhard arrived in Lakeshire:The officer, the chief said, was at home about 5:50 p.m. with his wife, mother-in-law, a toddler and an infant child when a man later identified as Gebhard started ringing the doorbell.When the wife answered the door with the infant, she immediately recognized Gebhard.She shut the door and went to a back bedroom with other family members.Belmar said that before the officer could get to the front door, Gebhard went to the rear of the house, where he threw a 50-pound concrete planter through a window to enter the home.Members of the family in the bedroom said they heard the officer tell the intruder to  get down, get down, get down,  and then heard several shots fired, Belmar said.As the shots were being fired, members of the family were trying to escape from a bedroom window.Gebhard was shot twice in the chest. He was taken to St. Anthony s Hospital, where he was pronounced dead.  I don t think the officer had a choice   I honestly don t,  Belmar said. He called it  a very difficult position to be in. Belmar wasn t sure whether the gun was the officer s department-issued firearm or his personal weapon.Brogan said the events of Saturday afternoon left two families devastated.An uncle, Patrick Brogan, 57, of Waterloo, said Gebhard became acquainted with the county police officer through a church connection.Brogan said his nephew, a former Affton High School football standout, suffered from bi-polar disorder.Family members told Brogan the disagreement between the two men culminated with Gebhard traveling from Affton to Lakeshire late Saturday afternoon. He walked over there and into a gunfight,  Brogan said, drawing on accounts offered by friends of his nephew.  When he got there he was met with a gun and the guy killed him. Brogan said Gebhard periodically stopped taking medication. He was like a normal 20-year-old, (the family) had to stay on him to take his medication,  Brogan said.The uncle said the disorder worsened during Gebhard s first year at Southeast Missouri State in Cape Girardeau. He had a lot of mental problems the last few months,  Brogan said of the 2014 Affton High graduate.  A lot of difficulties in life. Gebhard had football profiles on several prep sites.Several members of Gebhard s extended family are in law enforcement, Brogan said.Via: St. Louis Post-Dispatch ",0
13541,"OBAMA’S SOLDIERS Cause 5-Hour SHUT DOWN On St Paul, MN Interstate…Throw Molotov Cocktails…Concrete At Cops Head…INJURE 21 Cops In Attempt [VIDEO]","Whoever thought asking Obama s terrorists soldiers to shut down highways, throw Molotov cocktails, bricks, concrete and fireworks at innocent human beings who risk their lives every day to keep our cities and towns safe would be a good idea, should really reconsider. There hasn t been this much anger or distrust between Americans in decades. In the end, this movement will have just the opposite effect the protesters hoped it would have. Police officers will likely stop coming into high crime areas and will instead, allow residents to sort out their own dangerous situations. This movement has completely divided our country into responsible, level-headed Americans vs. angry citizens and illegal aliens who have signed up to be soldiers in Obama s race war and his war on law enforcement in America. Nothing good or positive will come out of this and Obama knows that. But then again, Barack care about the interests of the Americans who elected him. It s all about pushing his radical agenda. Twenty-one officers from various Minnesota law enforcement agencies were injured and more than 102 protestors were arrested as a demonstration on the I-94 freeway in St. Paul turned violent Saturday night, with protestors hurling rocks, bottles, fireworks and bricks at law enforcement officers on the scene.Hundreds of demonstrators began protesting at the Governor s Residence in St. Paul Saturday night over the police-involved shooting death of Philander Castile earlier in the week before heading onto the I-94 freeway around 8 p.m., local Fox affiliate KMSP reported.The interstate was shut down in both directions for more than five hours and the protests eventually turned violent, with demonstrators hurling bricks, fireworks and at least one Molotov cocktail at officers, according to the St. Paul Police Department. Via: BreitbartLast night and this morning, 21 officers from multiple agencies were injured on I-94 and other areas of the city. #I94closed  St. Paul Police PIO (@sppdPIO) July 10, 2016Molotov cocktail thrown at officers. Unclear if anyone injured. #I94closed  St. Paul Police PIO (@sppdPIO) July 10, 2016Another officer hit in the head with a large piece of concrete, possibly dropped from bridge. #I94closed  St. Paul Police PIO (@sppdPIO) July 10, 2016Bricks now being thrown at officers, along with more rocks and bottles. #I94closed  St. Paul Police PIO (@sppdPIO) July 10, 2016An officer was just hit in face with bottle thrown by a protester on St. Paul street. #I94closed  St. Paul Police PIO (@sppdPIO) July 10, 2016Officers arrested 50 people for 3rd degree riot last night on I-94. #I94closed  St. Paul Police PIO (@sppdPIO) July 10, 2016",0
13542,BOOM! JUDGE JEANINE PIRRO: “New deep divisions are created by Obama” [Video],This is probably the best seen from Judge Jeanine   she nails Obama!  Police brutality is color blind    Judge Jeanine ,0
13543,OUTRAGEOUS PROOF That Obama Is Divorced From Reality…In A HUGE Way! [Video],"While in Warsaw, Poland, Obama commented on the Dallas shooting proving he s totally divorced from reality. He states that it s hard to untangle the motives of the shooter Huh?  First of all, I think it s very hard to untangle the motives of this shooter. I ll leave that to psychologists and people who study these kinds of incidents   I think the danger is that we somehow suggest the act of a troubled individuals speaks to some larger political statement across the country.  Perhaps he should listen to the video of the Dallas Police Chief (video below) stating directly that the suspect wanted to kill white people and cops. Crazy! President Obama on #Dallas: It's hard to ""untangle the motives of the shooter"" https://t.co/7dClE5Mjr6 https://t.co/YzdDnT3nDf  CNN (@CNN) July 9, 2016  DALLAS POLICE CHIEF S STATEMENT: ",0
13544,"SANCTIMONIOUS, OPEN-BORDERS PAUL RYAN Is Tanking In Polls…Will FED UP Voters Avenge Non-Trump Supporters In November?","Will Republican voters take down sanctimonious RINO s like Speaker Ryan when they hit the voting booths for Trump in 2016? Paul Ryan s reluctance to get behind Trump and support his bid for President may actually hurt his chances of re-election in November. Ryan s arrogance and lack of interest in supporting the very popular Republican candidate, Donald J. Trump may cause him to lose a large number of voters who were previously behind him. A poll of likely Republican voters shows House Speaker Paul Ryan well below 50 percent in his race to maintain his seat in Wisconsin s first Congressional district. The poll was conducted by P.M.I., with 424 respondents randomly called from a file of 11,000 likely GOP primary voters. It shows that with one month remaining before Wisconsin s August 9th vote, Ryan is polling at 43 percent.Ryan s challenger, Wisconsin businessman Paul Nehlen, is polling at 32 percent.The Nehlen campaign notes that Ryan s 43 percent  represents a drop of more than 30 points since the Nehlen campaign began polling likely Republican primary voters earlier in the year. This poll shows voters are considering their options and choosing to opt out of Paul Ryan s job-killing policies,  Nehlen said.The new poll could be viewed as a warning sign to Ryan, as Wisconsin voters may be growing increasingly frustrated with the key elements of Ryan s longstanding policy agenda.Nehlen told Breitbart that the reason Ryan has tanked below 50 percent in the latest poll is a direct result of his policies on trade, immigration, and national sovereignty. Paul Ryan is the most open borders, pro-Wall Street, anti-worker member of Congress in either party,  Paul Nehlen said during a Saturday press conference, which was held in front of Ryan s border wall surrounding his Janesville mansion.  Everything that Americans despise about their government, Paul Ryan represents  Can you name one time when Paul Ryan fought as hard for you and your family as he s fought for corporate America?  Nehlen asked.In recent weeks, Nehlen has launched an aggressive billboard campaign that has thrown a spotlight on Ryan s longstanding support for open borders immigration policies that would flood the labor market, as well as trade policies that ship American jobs overseas.On immigration, Ryan has a two-decade long history of pushing open borders policies. Dating back to his time as a Congressional staffer in the mid-90s, Ryan worked to derail the bipartisan immigration curbs inspired by Civil Rights leader and late-Democratic Congresswoman Barbara Jordan.In 2013, Ryan worked hand in hand with Luis Gutierrez to push Marco Rubio s border-opening immigration agenda.For years, Ryan has been vocal about his desire to enact open borders. Every month the U.S. imports a population of immigrants that is larger than the occupancy of Lambeau Field. Yet Ryan has repeatedly pushed policies that would make that number even larger despite the fact that 92% of the GOP electorate, and 83% of the American electorate in general, want to see immigration levels frozen or reduced.Just last year, Ryan s omnibus spending bill funded a controversial expansion of the refugee resettlement program funding visas for nearly 300,000 (temporary and permanent) Muslim migrants within the course of a single year.Despite the fact that seven in ten GOP Wisconsin voters support Donald Trump s proposal to enact a temporary pause on Muslim migration, Ryan has ruled out curbing Muslim migration into the United States insisting  that s not who we are. Every year the U.S. issues visas to a population of temporary and permanent Muslim migrants that is larger in size than the number of Paul Ryan voters in Wisconsin s first Congressional district.On trade, Ryan has been one of Congress  leading advocates for globalist policies that have impacted American jobs.Since Ryan took office in 1999, Wisconsin has lost one-fifth of its total manufacturing jobs.Yet in 2015, Ryan acted as President Obama s  partner  in his effort to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). In a 2015 Wall Street Journal op-ed, Ryan described the TPP as a  historic  agreement, which  would mean greater access to a billion customers for American manufacturers, farmers, and ranchers. Wisconsin suffered a net loss of nearly 40,000 jobs in 2015 alone due to the U.S. trade deficit with TPP countries, according to the Economic Policy Institute. Wisconsin exit polls showed that a majority of Wisconsin GOP voters (54%) believe that foreign trade kills jobs.Moreover, in recent months, Ryan has taken a series of actions that seem designed to undermine his own party s 2016 presidential aspirations and further the candidacy Hillary Clinton.Ryan dragged out his decision to endorse Donald Trump for weeks leaving voters with the distinct impression that Ryan does not consider the choice between Trump versus Clinton to be an easy one.Although Ryan has now technically endorsed Trump, he continues to be one of Trump s most frequent public critics. In interviews about the election, Ryan seems much more aggressive in attacking Trump than he has been in going after Hillary Clinton.In this sense, some argue that Ryan has perhaps done more damage to Trump with his endorsement than he could have done by not endorsing him much the same way that Rick Santorum helped tank Marco Rubio by giving one of the worst endorsement interviews in history, in which he could not name a single accomplishment of Sen. Rubio.Nehlen s spokesman said that in light of the growing momentum in the district, the campaign is planning to substantially increase its expenditures. Nehlen s spokesman, Eric Odom, said:The Nehlen camp is running a full campaign operation with more than 1,000 doors being knocked each day, targeted mail dropping into homes, billboards up all over the district, aggressive sign marketing, TV and radio ads blanketing the district and mobile marketing reaching voters in ways that are making a significant impact. This effort is presenting profound influence in the district and voters are liking what they see. This poll, and the momentum that comes with it, has us ready to increase expenditures and step up our fight in a big way.For entire story: Breitbart",0
13545,SUPREME COURT JUSTICE Goes All Creepy Predicting The 2016 Election: “Everything is up for grabs”,"What the heck is wrong with these loony liberal political hack Supreme Court justices? We had a proclamation from Latina Sotomayor that white men couldn t possibly know what it s like to be a minority huh?  Now we have Ruth  Buzzy  Ginsburg saying that if Hillary doesn t win then  everything is up for grabs . She also put in a plug for a pro-Hillary presidency saying she doesn t want to think about a Trump presidency. What the heck is up with these supposedly unbiased people who should not be speaking out politically. All the more reason to vote for Trump to make the court more conservative just to piss off the political hags hacks on the court WASHINGTON   Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg says she doesn t want to think about the possibility of Donald Trump winning the White House, and she predicts the next president    whoever she will be    will have a few appointments to make to the Supreme Court.In an interview Thursday in her court office, the 83-year-old justice and leader of the court s liberal wing said she presumes Democrat Hillary Clinton will be the next president. Asked what if Republican Donald Trump won instead, she said,  I don t want to think about that possibility, but if it should be, then everything is up for grabs. That includes the future of the high court itself, on which she is the oldest justice. Two justices, Anthony Kennedy and Stephen Breyer, are in their late 70s. It s likely that the next president, whoever she will be, will have a few appointments to make,  Ginsburg said, smiling.She didn t sound as though she is preparing to step down soon and shows no signs of slowing down. Ginsburg said she has been catching up on sleep since the court finished its work last week before a busy summer of travel that will take her to Europe and, as is her custom, to see as much opera as she can fit in.In the wide-ranging interview, Ginsburg reviewed the just-ended term during which she lost her best friend on the court and, partly as a result, was on the winning side of most of the high-profile cases. Justice Antonin Scalia died in February, depriving his conservative allies of a reliable vote and leaving eight justices to decide nearly five dozen cases.President Barack Obama has nominated Judge Merrick Garland for the ninth seat, but Senate Republicans have refused to hold a hearing or vote on Garland s nomination, arguing the next president should have the right to name Scalia s replacement. Even if the Senate were to confirm Garland after the election, the court probably would hear three months of cases without him, Ginsburg said.And if there s no action in a post-election, lame-duck session of Congress, the vacancy could last the entire term, she said.She said court majorities this term moved to shut down tactics used by opponents of abortion and of affirmative action in higher education in two major cases.Ginsburg said she doesn t expect to see any more such cases after the court upheld the use of race in college admissions in Texas and struck down Texas abortion-clinic regulations that the state said were needed to protect patients. It seemed to me it was a sham to pretend this was about a woman s health,  rather than about making it harder to get an abortion, Ginsburg said.She disputed reports that the court is taking on only relatively unimportant cases while waiting for a ninth justice. It isn t so. We haven t selected them with a view to dodging challenging cases. We take them as they come to us,  she said.Via: CBS",0
13546,AWESOME PRO-GUN AD Removed From Airport After Complaints From Rainbows And Unicorn Liberals,"The rainbows and unicorn crowd decided they just had to complain about a gun manufacturer s ad being in the Columbia, SC Airport. FN Manufacturing s ad made travelers  upset  so it was taken down. Total BS!Columbia Metropolitan Airport has removed a billboard-sized advertisement of a firearms manufacturer from its concourse.The decision comes a day after The State newspaper reported the ad, featuring eight firearms from FN Manufacturing, upset some travelers. It touted,  Yeah, we carry. I pulled in the commission, and really, they felt that given the negative feedback that it d probably be better to bring it down,  said Dan Mann, executive director of the airport.The Richland-Lexington Airport District approves all advertisements, including their text, content and graphics, according to the terms and conditions of their advertisement agreements.Two other displays for FN will remain up: a different billboard and a promotional video at the escalators.Columbia Mayor Steve Benjamin, who spotted the ad while at the airport Friday morning, said the banner with the multiple firearms wasn t appropriate given its location. It was the wrong ad in the wrong place at the wrong time,  Benjamin said.  I could easily see why anyone, including gun owners, which I am, would be seriously alarmed. Benjamin stressed the city has a good relationship with FN Manufacturing, which has supplied Columbia Police Department s firearms in the past. He said FN is a  good company. S.C. Poet Nikky Finney echoed Benjamin s sentiment concerning the location in which the banner was displayed given  the tenor and the times we live in. I m trying to say that anything that goes up that looks like that and has that kind of attitude should be decided upon by a committee of people that understand that the young man that went to a church, pulled a trigger and took nine lives came from   Columbia,  said Finney, referencing the killing of nine worshipers at Emanuel AME in Charleston allegedly at the hands of Dylann Roof in June 2015.Via: The State",0
13547,SHOCKING COMMENTS: Hillary Stirs The Pot Inciting More Racial Divide With More Lies,"Hillary Clinton used a CNN interview on Friday to completely embrace the Democrats  claim that white people and cops must change to help reduce the number of African-Americans killed in tense exchanges with cops.   BREITBART NEWSLet s face it, Hillary needs votes from the black community come November. What better way to do it than to continue the false narrative that Obama has been using for so long.The facts are just too inconvenient for the black community and the politicians who pander for their votes. The truth is never spoken for fear of being called a  racist  or for fear of losing votes.  The black community needs some tough love and that involves honesty. Here s a bit of truth that Hillary and Obama choose to ignore:African-American communities have a role in reducing police-encounter deaths, which usually occur in tense engagements between a few cops and a few suspects with extensive criminal histories.In general, young African-American men are far more likely to commit crimes than young white men, young Asian men or young Latino men. A November 2011 report by the Justice Department showed that young African-American men are just 1 percent of the population, yet are responsible for a disproportionate percentage of murders in the nation.Clinton suggested that people who disagree with her agenda are racists.  There is so much more to be done  we can t be engaging in hateful rhetoric or incitement of violence, we need to be bringing people together   we need more love and kindness. White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the seen and unseen barriers you face every day.- Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) July 8, 2016Hillary Clinton used a CNN interview on Friday to completely embrace the Democrats  claim that white people and cops must change to help reduce the number of African-Americans killed in tense exchanges with cops. I will call for white people, like myself, to put ourselves in the shoes of those African-American families who fear every time their children go somewhere, who have to have  The Talk,  about, you now, how to really protect themselves [from police], when they re the ones who should be expecting protection from encounters with police,  Clinton told CNN s Wolf Blitzer. I m going to be talking to white people, we re the ones who have to start listening to the legitimate cries coming from our African-American fellow citizens,  she said. We ve got to figure out what is happening when routine traffic stops, when routine arrests, escalate into killings   Clearly, there seems to be a terrible disconnect between many police departments and officers and the people they have sworn to protect,  she said.Federal policing guidelines are needed because  we have 18,000 police departments  [some of which need more training to] go after systemic racism, which is a reality, and to go after systemic bias,  she said. We ve got to start once again respecting and treating each other with the dignity that every person deserves,  she said.VIA: BREITBART",0
13548,OUTRAGE! OBAMA’S FEDERAL Wildlife Officers (?) ARREST Journalists For Videotaping Open Borders [VIDEO],"US Border Agents and local law enforcement gave these journalists permission to be there. But Obama s Federal Wildlife Officers had different plans for journalists, who attempted to expose the danger Obama s radical open-border policies pose to America s national security Federal Wildlife Officers? Infowars reporters were detained and disarmed by federal agents Wednesday while reporting near the Texas-Mexico border. Following the encounter, Infowars Joe Biggs explained how he and Michael Zimmermann were disarmed after the pair were taken into custody alongside fellow reporter Alejandra. We just got out of federal custody  we ve been there for 2 hours,  Biggs said.Despite previously getting approval from both border patrol and law enforcement to be in the area, federal wildlife officers   known to be Obama s attack dogs on the border   ordered the crew to put their hands up after encountering them filming a report.After being questioned for hours, Biggs and Zimmermann were told by federal officers that they would need to pay $230 each in order to receive their firearms back. The trio were also charged with misdemeanor criminal trespassing and threatened with felony charges if they returned to the area.Despite being told that the area was off-limits to the public, investigation into the location reveals the exact opposite to be true.Only hours earlier an entirely separate law enforcement group told the reporters that they would have to leave a different part of the border as well. Via: InfoWars",0
13549,SHOCKING VIDEO CONNECTS BEYONCÉ And OBAMA TO DALLAS COP KILLER,"Because Bob Price at Breitbart News had the courage to attend and film an unbelievable Black Panther rally aimed at threatening cops in Houston last year, America was able to see just exactly how hateful and dangerous this group really is. Obama s celebrity bestie, Beyonc promoted the Black Panthers to a staggering 114.4 MILLION viewers in her anti-cop, anti-white performance during her Super Bowl 2016 halftime act. Her over-the-top performance included Black Panther clad dancers who proudly displayed the divisive black power fist.The mainstream media ignored her hateful performance. Impressionable young Americans who ve been watching Obama s race war unfold didn t.  Beyonc wasn t promoting the Girl Scouts of America, she was promoting a HATE group who openly vocalizes their desire to KILL COPS! Thanks to Bob Price, we now know the Dallas cop killer was part of that group.Only hours before the Dallas cop killer took the lives of 5 innocent American law enforcement officers, Beyonc posted this rant to her website:Dallas cop killer Micah X. Johnson was a member of the radical, violent Black Panthers, the same group that Beyonce promoted at the 2016 Super Bowl. Our current  President  marched with them in 2007. Obama s AG, Eric Holder gave them a pass, after they were caught in the act of blatantly intimidating voters during the 2008 election. Micah X. Johnson was a member of the Houston New Black Panther Party for a short period of time. He was reported to be a member for about six months a few years ago.Quanell X told reporters at KPRC NBC2 in Houston that Johnson was a member of the Houston Chapter of the New Black Panther Party for a short time a few years ago. He said he parted ways with Johnson after about six months because Johnson would not follow the chain of command.During negotiations with the Dallas Police Department Friday morning during the ambush shooting that left five officers dead and seven other people shot, Johnson said he was not part of any group. He stated he wanted to kill white people and white police officers.WATCH this shocking video showing the Black Panthers (including Dallas cop murderer) openly calling for the killing of cops: Breitbart Texas was present at an armed march carried out by the Houston New Black Panther Party in Waller County last summer. This writer took photos and video of the armed marchers at that time. One of the members holding an AR-15 style rifle appears to be Micah Xavier Johnson.During the march, the armed members of the New Black Panther Party stood off against Harris County Sheriff s Deputies who came to Waller County responding to a request for assistance from Sheriff Glenn Smith.This writer stood between the protesters and the deputies to take these photos and video. Via: Bob Price, Breitbart NewsNot surprisingly, Barack Obama also has a history with the vile, racist Black Panther group. Obama appeared and marched with members of the New Black Panther Party as he campaigned for president in Selma, Ala., in March 2007.BigGovernment.com posted the photographs, reporting the images were captured from a Flickr photo-sharing account before they were scrubbed.Among the people visible in the pictures with Obama is NBPP Chairman Malik Zulu Shabazz, a defendant in the voter intimidation case that Attorney General Eric Holder dismissed in 2009.Shabazz himself has given scores of speeches condemning  white men  and Jews.The NBPP s official platform states  white man has kept us deaf, dumb and blind,  refers to the  white racist government of America,  demands black people be exempt from military service and uses the word Jew repeatedly in quotation marks.  WNDIt should come as no surprise to anyone that Beyonc  has endorsed the pandering Hillary Clinton. Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton paid a  surprise visit  to Beyonc  during last week s fundraising trip to Los Angeles. Hillary praised Beyonc  while speaking to a crowd at a town hall in Iowa City, Iowa in December. I want to be as good a president as Beyonce is a performer,  Hillary responded after she was asked if she would rather be Beyonc  or president.  Breitbart NewsThis hateful movement promoted by our President and supported by celebrities and hate groups across America is growing. America needs to wake up to this hate and division and stop supporting those who are working behind the scenes to promote it. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.",0
13550,EPIC! HERE’S THE BRUTAL TRUTH On Crime In The Black Community The Media Refuses To Tell [Video],Wow! This is so epic and truthful! Bravo Bill O Reilly! ,0
13551,BREAKING LIVE FEED: POLICE FORM LARGE BARRICADE In Atlanta To Keep LARGE Crowd Of Black Lives Matter Protesters Off Major Highway…Protesters Launch Water Bottles At Trucker,"A large group of Black Lives Matter protesters marched through downtown Atlanta in an attempt to shut down a major highway. Police have formed a large barricade, preventing them from disrupting traffic. The protests are in response to recent police shootings.No protests have been scheduled to bring attention to the multiple murders of young black youth by young black youths in Obama s hometown of Chicago. Black lives ONLY matter when they are killed by white people or cops (especially white cops).The march began at Centennial Olympic Park at 6 p.m. and organizers expected more than 1,000 people to show up. Groups started gathering hours earlier.NAACP march organizers in Atlanta said they expect other groups, like Black Lives Matter, to merge with Friday s march. The organization said it will not tolerate any violence.MINUTE BY MINUTE:10:50 p.m.Channel 2 Action News spoke to the driver of the truck that protesters climbed on top of.Chris Golden said he was on his normal route when he got stuck. He said he was not scared when the protesters started to climb up.Protesters block tow truck from getting to truck stuck on Williams St. for hours. #atlmarch https://t.co/S7bpyd80pH pic.twitter.com/ZDu27UlSVV  WSB-TV (@wsbtv) July 9, 2016Protesters are launching water bottles at a tow truck on William Street. WATCH: https://t.co/Hb26W0IR6R pic.twitter.com/yS0LbA1ZRi  WSB-TV (@wsbtv) July 9, 201610:45 p.m.A group of protesters are yelling at police police on Peachtree Street near the Westin hotel.The crowd is dispersing at Williams Street.Police are setting up another blockade on Williams Street.These protestors in front of the downtown connector say they have no intention of leaving. pic.twitter.com/iJk9emiwYc  Matt Johnson (@MJohnsonWSB) July 9, 2016Via: WSBTV ",0
13552,IS THIS THE TERRORIST WHO INSPIRED DALLAS COP KILLER? “We must kill all white police officers across the country…We’re asking that all black police officers take a leave of absence”,"Who is this terrorist and why has not yet been arrested for making open threats against our law enforcement officers and firemen? Those Clinton s they sure do know some interesting characters. Thank goodness Donald J. Trump or his wife weren t ever caught in the same room with this racist monster! The media would slaughtered him. The media has come to expect nothing less from the Clinton s. They ll do anything for a vote. It s always been their motto. And no donor is too evil. If you don t believe me, ask George Soros or some of Hillary s top donors in the nation of Saudi Arabia where women are treated like second class citizens Micah Xavier Johnson, the now-notorious Dallas cop-killer, was one of a handful of online fans of a group which proclaimed,  we must kill white police officers across the country! Shortly after 10 p.m. on Thursday night, when Micah Xavier Johnson shot and killed five Dallas police officers and wounded nine others, Mauricelm-Lei Millere, founder of the African American Defense League hate group, posted a picture on his Instagram account.The caption led with this:  We have no alternative! We must kill white police officers across the country! The picture was of a meeting with former President Bill Clinton, which Millere alleged occurred in May.At 10:52 a.m. the morning after the shooting, Millere posted the following message to the African American Defense League s Facebook page: WE ARE CALLING ON THE GANGS ACROSS THE NATION! ATTACK EVERYTHING IN BLUE EXCEPT THE MAIL MAN, UNLESS HE IS CARRYING MORE THAN MAIL! Micah Johnson was one of just 170 members who follow that Facebook page.Founded in the wake of Ferguson protests in 2014, the African American Defense League is tiny, with possibly only Millere himself as its current leadership, according to the Anti-Defamation League s Center on Extremism. But Millere and the AADL operate many different front groups, including a Jonesboro, Louisiana church called the Morning Star Baptist Church.The AADL s calls to kill white police officers are not new. In November of 2015, the AADL s Facebook page said  every black person across this nation should find a white police to kill in every state and American/European province around the globe. He warns followers on a Facebook post  to remember that Fireman and the Police are on the same side:After the killing of Alton Sterling by Baton Rouge police and before the terror in Dallas, Millere called for cops  blood again. The Pig has shot and killed Alton Sterling in Baton Rouge, Louisiana! You and I know what we must do and I don t mean marching, making a lot of noise, or attending conventions,  he wrote on Facebook.  We must  Rally The Troops!  It is time to visit Louisiana and hold a barbeque. The highlight of our occasion will be to sprinkle Pigs Blood! About 36 hours later, Johnson took aim at white police officers from Dallas rooftops.For entire story: The Daily Beast ",0
13553,LORETTA LYNCH Gives Radical Black Lives Matter Protesters PEP TALK: “I want you to know that your voice is important”,"Eric Holder in a dress Eric Holder got the ball rolling for Obama when he used taxpayer dollars to pay people to protest during the Trayvon Martin controversy. Loretta Lynch is just the person to carry his racist torch of injustice for the  oppressed  black man. These people are not capable of colorblind justice. Their desire to punish anyone who disagrees with their radical ideology is much stronger than their desire to see true and honest justice served in America Members of the Black Lives Matter movement should not get  discouraged by those who would use your lawful actions as a cover for their heinous violence,  Attorney General Loretta Lynch said Friday.Her encouragement of the radical movement came a few hours after five officers were gunned down and six were wounded by an African-American radical attacker during a Black Lives Matter protest in Dallas.Throughout her Friday statement, she zig-zagged between her calls for more political protests, her suggestions that cops should be blamed for the high number of African-Americans killed during interactions with law enforcement, and her calls for less violence during political protests. After the events this week, Americans across the country are feeling a sense of helplessness, of uncertainty, of fear. Now, these feelings are understandable and they are justified. But the answer must not be violence. The answer must never be violence,  Lynch said. Rather, the answer must be action: calm, peaceful, collaborative and determined action. Calm, peaceful, collaborative and determined action. We must continue working to build trust between communities and law enforcement. We must continue working to guarantee every person in this country equal justice under the law,  she said.She played up the administration s pre-election focus on gun control, instead of the political conflicts that spur violence.  And we must take a hard look at the ease at which wrongdoers can get their hands on deadly weapons, and the frequency with which they use them,  she said.Like many officials, Lynch also implied moral equivalence between the deliberately murdered officers in Dallas and the suspects killed by other police officers on duty.  This has been a week of profound grief and heartbreaking loss. The peaceful protest that was planned in Dallas last night was organized in response to the tragic deaths of Alton Sterling in Louisiana and Philando Castile in Minnesota. We have opened a civil rights investigation in Louisiana and we are providing assistance to local authorities in Minnesota who are leading the investigation there,  said Lynch.Lynch repeatedly appeared to praise Black Lives Matter, though not by name, and encouraged black racial activists to continue demonstrating against police.  To those who seek to improve our country, through peaceful protest and protected speech, I want you to know that your voice is important. Do not be discouraged by those who would use your lawful actions as a cover for their heinous violence,  she continued. We will continue to safeguard your constitutional rights and to work with you in the difficult mission of building a better nation and a brighter future. And to all Americans, I ask you, I implore you: Do not let this week precipitate a new normal in this country. I ask you to turn to each other, not against each other as we move forward. But some of those demonstrators not easily restrained. Some black activists in Dallas called for murdering whites and police officers just last summer, telling one veteran:  We are going to rape and gut your pregnant wife, and your f ing piece of sh-t unborn creature will be hung from a tree. The Attorney General also included some vague calls for unity amid her controversial support for the divisive BLM movement.Via: Breitbart News ",0
13554,BREAKING…OBAMA’S WAR ON COPS: ANOTHER Cop Ambushed And SHOT 3 Times In Neck By Black Man With Lengthy Criminal History In W. St. Louis,"Did America really expect this racist, Community Organizer In Chief to go out quietly? Barack and Mooch have played Americans like fools for 8 long years. No wonder Mooch was never proud of her country before Barack became President. The white man had not yet been sufficiently punished for the crimes of his ancestors against the black man. If America knew this is what it would take to make Mooch and her radical husband proud, would they have still voted for him? Thank goodness for Barack, he s got Hillary to unashamedly keep the torch of hate lit, in order to keep the Democrats dependent upon them to  even the playing field. A Ballwin Police officer was in critical condition after he was shot in the neck during a traffic stop late Friday morning, police said.The male officer had stopped the car for speeding on northbound New Ballwin Road about 11 a.m., police said. As the officer went back to his car, the driver got out,  advanced quickly  and fired three shots at the officer, police said.Said St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar:  Make no mistake, we believe that Ballwin officer was ambushed. St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch agreed. It was clearly an ambush, an attack,  he said.  There was no confrontation, no argument, no nothing. He also said it appeared that one of the shots might have been fired after the officer fell.The gunman fled north on New Ballwin Road and was captured in Manchester several miles northeast of the shooting scene, after jumping out of the car and running, police said.A semiautomatic handgun was recovered, according to St. Louis County Police, who are taking over the investigation.The suspect, identified as Antonio Taylor, 31, of the 1200 block of Tower Grove Avenue, was charged with first-degree assault of a law enforcement officer, armed criminal action and unlawful possession of a weapon. Bail was set at $500,000.Belmar, the St. Louis County chief, said his department has gone to 12-hour days throughout the weekend as result of heightened sense of alert after all that has happened nationally and now locally. We need somebody out there to meet us halfway, because it is very difficult for police officers to do their jobs now,  Belmar said.  At some point we need to tone down the rhetoric. The officer had radioed in that he was stopping a car about 11 a.m., police said. Then 911 dispatchers began getting reports of an officer shot.A woman living in the 300 block of New Ballwin Road near the scene of the shooting said she heard two gunshots and ran out her front door to see what happened. After seeing the wounded officer, she grabbed a towel to put on his neck to try to stop the bleeding. I tried to help the officer,  the witness said.  I just hope he s OK. The woman who helped the officer said she isn t trained as a nurse or first responder.  I m just a mom,  she said.She said her friend called 911 while a nurse performed CPR.Other residents living near the scene of the shooting said they heard gunshots but didn t know what they were at first. I thought it was kids or firecrackers or something,  said a resident on the street.  I m looking outside at many, many police officers. They all need our prayers. A camera in the police car caught the shooting on video, Scott said. He urged anyone else with any video of the incident to call police.Criminal historyIn 2006, Taylor was charged and convicted in Beck County, Okla., on charges of second-degree robbery and unauthorized use of a vehicle, online records from the Oklahoma Department of Corrections say. He was sentenced to five years in prison and was released in 2009.That same year, St. Louis prosecutors charged Taylor with unlawful possession of a firearm for a July 7, 2009 incident.He pleaded guilty, but his prison sentence was suspended and he was placed on probation by St. Louis Circuit Judge Michael Mullen, online court records show. Mullen also ordered him to have mental health and substance abuse evaluations.Taylor then faced federal and state charges after being caught with a gun on June 14, 2010.Assistant U.S. Attorney Tom Mehan, who prosecuted the case, said that on June 14, 2010, Taylor was caught with a gun in car that had been carjacked the day before.When he pleaded guilty to the charge of being a felon in possession of a firearm, Taylor admitted running when stopped by police and discarding a handgun.U.S. District Judge Jean Hamilton sentenced him on Jan. 14, 2011, to 30 months in prison.He received a two-year sentence in St. Louis Circuit Court for a gun charge and resisting arrest, to run concurrent with the federal sentence.In June of 2013, Taylor wrote a letter to U.S. District Judge Jean Hamilton asking to be released from supervised release early. Taylor wrote that he wanted to pursue an acting career. He said he had been working, had been free of violations and had not failed any drug tests.But later that month, his probation officer said that Taylor had repeatedly failed to show up for those drug tests, failed to report to the probation office, left eastern Missouri without permission and had been accused of assaulting his girlfriend when she refused sex.She also said that Taylor had contact with the police in Los Angeles on June 20, 2013.In that incident, Mehan said that Taylor was the passenger in a car that was stopped for not having license plates. Taylor was the passenger, and became extremely agitated after the stop, screaming and waving his hands around. After he was arrested, police found a loaded 9 mm pistol, Mehan said.In April of 2014, Taylor admitted violating his supervised release and Hamilton sentenced him to 15 more months in prison.He was released in March of 2015.McCulloch said police work is 99 percent routine and  there s no way to predict that something like this is going to happen. Via: St Post-Dispatch",0
13555,A FEW BLACK CONSERVATIVES Have Some Choice Words For Obama And Hillary Following Dallas Black Lives Matter Cop Massacre,"Obama shouldn t think for one moment that America doesn t see through he and Hillary s disgusting plan to divide us by color, social class, sexual orientation and religion.Here are a few black conservatives offering some choice words for our Divider In Chief and they are awesome!The outspoken Sheriff Clarke nails it with this tweet:American needs Obama to get out of bed & address Dallas situation NOW. He poured gas on this situation with his dog whistle message earlier.  David A. Clarke, Jr. (@SheriffClarke) July 8, 2016Pastor Manning is furious with our first black President who was given a golden opportunity and totally blew it:https://twitter.com/WDFx2EU2/status/751287310184902657Of course our Divider In Chief is either on the phone with Black Lives Matter organizers doing damage control or sleeping soundly and not giving the war he has started on law enforcement in America a second thought:It's now 5 dead officers. Will somebody wake up the president?#Dallas  Larry Elder (@larryelder) July 8, 2016The brilliant Sheriff Clarke has a few choice words for Hillary as well:Mrs. Bill Clinton earlier showed support for Black LIES Matter. Let's see if this cop hater shows the same empathy for police in Dallas.  David A. Clarke, Jr. (@SheriffClarke) July 8, 2016",0
13556,WHOA! DNC Releases Statement Suggesting Dallas Sniper And Black Lives Matter Protesters Are Linked,"Of course tomorrow morning, the Democrat Party will put their heads together and after hours of damage control, they will tell Americans Wasserman-Schultz didn t really mean what she said. What is it about women in the Democrat Party (Hillary) who don t really mean what they say?The Democratic National Committee has released a statement about the shooting of 11 police officers in Dallas tonight. The shooting took place at a Black Lives Matter protest against the deaths of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile at the hands of police this week. In a press conference, the chief of the police department clearly said that there is no known link between the snipers and the protesters.Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Shultz didn t get that memo. The statement from the DNC looks like this:Pay attention to that penultimate paragraph. The last line, in particular, is noteworthy. And while most protesters have made their voices heard peacefully, tonight s shooting of officers in Dallas is unacceptable and a reminder that the time to address these tensions and find common ground is long overdue. What are you implying here, DWS?Image via: TwitterVia: Mediate",0
13557,"BREAKING DALLAS: DPD Chief Confirms 10 Officers SHOT, 3 DEAD, Two In Surgery, 3 In CRITICAL CONDITION…SHOT By “2 SNIPERS” Reportedly Wearing Body Armor During Dallas Black Lives Matter Protest [VIDEOS]…Shooter On Loose","UPDATE 12:09: 1 Suspect in custody. 1 suspect pinned down.Dallas Update! 1suspect in custody & 1suspect pinned down!!Both suspects wearing masks !! #KelyFile #BlueLivesMatter pic.twitter.com/KiIox2YAqd   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterUSA) July 8, 2016Dallas Police Department Chief confirms 10 officers have been shot. Three officers were KILLED, three are in critical condition and two are in surgery.Reports are now stating that two snipers were involved and that the shooting occurred from a rooftop/s above the scene. Shots can be heard being fired in this video:https://twitter.com/allisongriz/status/751234755882995713UPDATE 11:46:.@DPDChief states 2 snipers responsible for shooting 10 Dallas officers tonight, three of whom are deceased. No suspects in custody.  FOX 4 NEWS (@FOX4) July 8, 2016A cameraman covering the protest in #Dallas came upon this horrific site. [Warning: Graphic Content] pic.twitter.com/06xGEt9ilu  CBS Los Angeles (@CBSLA) July 8, 2016UPDATE 11:35 pm:NEW: @DPDChief confirms 10 officers shot, three dead, two in surgery, three in critical condition. No suspects in custody.  FOX 4 NEWS (@FOX4) July 8, 2016From @shaunrabbfox4   ""There are several officers gravely injured. This is going to be an horrific night for the Dallas Police Department.""  Mike Doocy (@MikeDoocyFox4) July 8, 2016A Facebook post by Michael Kevin Bautista shows the horrendous situation cops were faced with tonight in Dallas during a Black Lives Matter protest:WATCH HERE:BREAKING UPDATE:BREAKING: Multiple sources say about 3   6 officers were shot during tonight's protest.https://t.co/pBdHa8nFqM pic.twitter.com/sDRV7PiiNy  FOX 4 NEWS (@FOX4) July 8, 2016Here are some of the comments on Michael Kevin Bautista s page under the video above:    #breaking Crowd on the run downtown Dallas. Reports of an officer shot at the protest march. pic.twitter.com/zstZnDIRlm  Doug Dunbar (@cbs11doug) July 8, 2016People can be seen running from the scene here:Video shows police responding after shots fired in Dallas during protest of recent killings https://t.co/00c6j7cAPUhttps://t.co/P2K9Z0vziF  ABC News (@ABC) July 8, 2016https://twitter.com/Nero/status/751247603455647744Black conservative Melissa tweets a little reminder for the Black Lives Matter rioters:https://twitter.com/Sweetatertot/status/751246223991013377#BREAKING: Our cameras captured several shots ring out during a protest in Downtown Dallas pic.twitter.com/OWOBOOI8Jg  FOX 4 NEWS (@FOX4) July 8, 2016DALLAS BE CAREFUL. Reports of a sniper and 2 officers down 30 mins ago at Dallas protest pic.twitter.com/Zk3jvPUfMk  Chocolate Metaphor (@ChocoMetaphor) July 8, 2016Shots have subsided. Shooter is reportedly still on the loose https://twitter.com/DianaZogaFox4/status/751244944136892416Crime scene tape up at Baylor, multiple police units here @FOX4 pic.twitter.com/zV6NgUDbDb  Lynnanne Nguyen (@LynnanneFOX4) July 8, 2016",0
13558,WHAT FBI’S COMEY JUST REVEALED Should Disqualify Hillary Clinton For Any Public Office! [Video],"FBI Director James Comey was literally destroyed today in his testimony on the Hill. What s even more damaging is the information about Hillary Clinton and her staff that Comey simply let go with no punishment at all. During the series of questions, Comey took heat from Gowdy, Jordan and other Republican Congressman. Out of all the testimony, the one comment that stuck out was the one regarding classified information. Comey commented that he felt like Clinton wasn t  sophisticated  with classified information. In other words, she had no idea what the letter  C  was on a classified document! Are these government employees not trained on how to handle sensitive information? PLEASE EXPLAIN HOW THIS WOMAN COULD ASK FOR YOUR VOTE YET ISN T  SOPHISTICATED  ENOUGH TO KNOW WHAT S CLASSIFIED? She wants the American people to TRUST her with our safety and security? No, Never! If this woman is unable to handle this then she s a danger to us! ",0
13559,"BREAKING: FBI Didn’t Record Hillary Interview, Didn’t Make Her Swear Under Oath To Tell Truth","No worries FBI Director James Comey is has assured everyone that Crooked Hillary told the truth. She s been lying and under criminal investigation for most of her adult life, and now we re supposed to believe that she is suddenly telling the truth? Hillary Clinton did not swear an oath to tell the truth before meeting with the FBI for three and a half hours last weekend, and the interview was not recorded, FBI Director James Comey told House lawmakers on Thursday.The lack of a sworn oath does not remove the possibility of criminal penalties against Clinton if she lied to the FBI, though he said he had  no basis to conclude  that she was untruthful. Still a crime to lie to us,  Comey told the House Oversight Committee. FBI policy is not to record interviews as part of its investigations.Yet the revelations will nonetheless raise questions among Republicans, who have been skeptical of the FBI s investigation and have demanded to see the transcript of the former secretary of State s interview in downtown Washington on Saturday. Well, that s a problem,  Rep. John Mica (R-Fla.) told Comey when the FBI chief explained the terms of the interview. It s pretty clear   that the American people would like to see what Hillary Clinton said to the FBI,  Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) told reporters on Wednesday, a day before Comey s appearance before House lawmakers.Under FBI policy   and to the dismay of civil libertarians and staunch transparency advocates   the bureau does not conduct electronic recordings of interviews. Under the current policy, agents may not electronically record confessions or interviews, openly or surreptitiously  except in rare circumstances, the bureau said in a 2006 memo.The FBI did, however, complete a federal form summarizing the interview, known as an FD-302, Comey said.Comey himself was not among the  five or six  agents who interviewed Clinton, he testified on Thursday. But he assured lawmakers that Clinton told the truth throughout the session.Via: The Hill",0
13560,LIST OF 15 CORPORATIONS Working With Obama To Bring UNLIMITED NUMBER OF REFUGEES To America,"Buckle up America Obama still has 6 months to fundamentally transform America. If the media and #NeverTrump crowd manages to convince voters to support Crooked Hillary, it will be the end of America as we know it Who will be vetting the unlimited number of potential terrorists refugees Obama is bringing to America? The White House announced last week that it is launching a  Call to Action  asking private businesses to help with the resettlement of refugees. This could be done without regard to the government cap of 85,000 total refugees, including 10,000 Syrian refugees, in 2016.Fifteen founding corporations have teamed up with the Obama administration on the effort. These are: Accenture, Airbnb, Chobani, Coursera, Goldman Sachs, Google, HP, IBM, JPMorgan Chase & Co., LinkedIn, Microsoft, Mastercard, UPS, TripAdvisor, and Western Union. The Call to Action initiative is not only to help refugees in the United States, but all over the world.In Europe for example, Mastercard  worked with Mercy Corps to distribute prepaid debit cards to eligible refugees traveling through Serbia. Approximately $75,000 was distributed to nearly 400 families and individuals.  The three main facets of this private partnership program are:  education,   employment,  and  enablement.  Education includes  facilitating refugee children and young adults  education by ensuring that refugee students can access schools of all levels.  The employment facet includes  increasing employment opportunities for refugees. Through those two parts of the initiative refugees can be settled in the United States without limit as they wouldn t fall under the purview of the government cap on refugee resettlement. Through work and education visas refugees would not actually be considered as refugees for their immigration status. One of the companies already partnered with the Obama administration, Chobani, currently has a work force in the United States that is roughly 30 percent resettled refugees. A White House fact sheet states 66 percent of refugees are of working age.Outside of employment and education, under the  enablement  part of the initiative, the White House mentions that companies can help refugees get access to financial services, technology, housing and transport. This also includes  covering costs of charter flight to bring resettled refugees to the United States (or to another country of resettlement). These refugees will be coming outside the refugee resettlement program so they would not be counted under the government cap of 10,000. These  alternative legal pathways or sponsorships  will be under employment visas, training, student visas and scholarships, visiting scholars etc,  Nayla Rush, senior researcher at the Center for Immigration Studies, told The Daily Caller.Rush added,  remember, the aim is to bring as many Syrian refugees as possible. 10,000 is the limit this [Fiscal Year] under the refugee resettlement program. No limit to these  private sponsorships , more importantly, to traceability. At a United Nations summit on September 20, Obama is going to push for  double the number of resettlement slots and alternative legal pathways for admission that are available to refugees, and increase the number of countries accepting significant numbers of refugees. Via: Daily Caller ",0
13561,BOOM! WATCH TREY GOWDY Scorch FBI Director Comey In House Hearing On Hillary’s E-mail Scandal [Video],FACT CHECK! Wow! No one knows how to question like Gowdy! ,0
13562,BILL O’REILLY RELEASES Never Before Seen Pictures Of Obama In Muslim Dress…Says They Prove “Deep Emotional Ties To Islam” [VIDEO],"Barack Hussein Obama has not exactly done a stellar job convincing America he s a Christian. He spent his entire career as Christian in a church that preached hate against America and the white man. His own preacher, the racist Reverend Wright admitted that Obama only became a Christian to help himself become better integrated with the people who he was trying to embed himself with as a Community Organizer. Even the casual observer couldn t help but notice that while Obama s been in office, he s done everything but backflips to defend the Islamic faith, while bashing Christianity.  Bill O Reilly shared photos of Barack Obama in traditional Islamic dress on his program Wednesday night claiming they were from his half-brother Malik s wedding.The Fox News host said it was  very difficult  to verify the exact location of the photographs   a similar set of which were first released back in 2004 by Malik and previously published on DailyMail.com   but claimed they were taken in Maryland in the early 1990s. According to his half-sister, Barack Obama attended his half-brother s wedding in the early 1990s. Malik Obama was a Muslim,  said O Reilly. The Factor has obtained pictures allegedly from that wedding, which we believe was held in Maryland. Malik was married in 1981 for the first time and President Obama was his best man at that ceremony. He now has multiple wives.O Reilly used the photos in a monologue alleging the President s  deep emotional ties to Islam  have stopped him effectively combating ISIS while also saying he believes the photos prove that President Obama is not a  devout Christian. He did this while attacking President Obama hours after he revealed he would not be withdrawing troops from Afghanistan, saying:  President Obama, as we all know, will not even use the words Islamic terrorism. Again today when telling the nation that America will maintain eight-thousand troops in Afghanistan, the president did not accurately describe the situation there, putting forth that it was more about politics than Islamic terror. O Reilly claims the President Obama s failure to identify the terrorist threat facing America has allowed ISIS to run amok in the Middle East, a mistake he claims the Commander-in-chief will not acknowledge. There is no question the Obama administration s greatest failure is allowing the Islamic terror group ISIS to run wild, murdering thousands of innocent people all over the world, including many Muslims,  said O Reilly. Mr. Obama has never, never acknowledged that mistake, nor does he define the ISIS threat accurately. That group is killing innocent people in order to impose a radical version of Islam on the world. The jihad is solely based on theology, perverted as it may be. Obama s refusal to use the phrase  Islamic terrorism , preferring instead to say  militants  or simply  terrorists  has long been a sore spot for his Republican detractors, including Donald Trump.O Reilly also said of Obama after sharing the photos:  I believe he s a Christian. I m not one of these guys who says he s a Muslim. But I don t think he s a devout Christian. He went on to say during the program:  I base my analysis on the fact that in my opinion   and I could be wrong, but I m not   President Obama s sympathetic treatment of Muslims put the country in danger because he has not elevated the risks that we have to the level it should be. And he allowed ISIS to be created because of his foolish decision to withdraw troops in Iraq and to pretty much run wild for five years. So another president, angry about the jihad, would not have done that. O Reilly s guest, Obama: From Promise to Power author David Mendell, jumped in at that point to say:  I think President Obama is very sympathetic to all cultures, all religions. He grew up in a multiplicity The host cut him off though to ask:  Is that good for a commander in chief to be very sympathetic to all cultures and all beliefs when thousands of people are being murdered? O Reilly then closed out the segment by stating:  He s the commander in chief of the United States, and his main charge is to protect us. It s not main charge as to be touchy-feely to all different cultures. Via: Daily Mail",0
13563,MINNESOTA: MOB OF SOMALIS RAGE Through Upscale Neighborhood Threatening To “Kidnap” And “Rape” Homeowners [VIDEO],"Of course, you won t see this story on ABC, NBC, CBS, CNN, MSNBC or any of the other liberal news stations. Because gangs of Muslim refugees threatening innocent people inside their homes isn t news, but House Democrat losers staying up all night and noshing on take-out in phony gun-control publicity stunt was on the news 24-7.A mob of up to 30 young Somali men paraded through one of Minneapolis  more upscale neighborhoods last week, yelling disparaging comments and threats against homeowners.A female resident of the neighborhood, obviously shaken in a TV interview, related how she was screamed at by a Somali man who threatened to kidnap and rape her. They were screaming at the house that they were going to kidnap you and they were going to rape you,  one Minneapolis resident told KSTP TV.  It was a very traumatizing experience. Somalis living in Minneapolis are almost all Sunni Muslims, and residents of the Lake Calhoun area say this isn t the first time a group of Somali men has made an intimidating march through their neighborhood, which is filled with million-dollar homes.No hate-crime charges are apparently being considered by either the Minnesota authorities or the Obama Justice Department headed by Loretta Lynch.Police were called to the scene on June 28 about 9:30 a.m. and are investigating the incident as a potential case of terroristic threats. No arrests have been made, and the Minneapolis media appear to be largely uninterested in reporting on the mob threats.According to a Minneapolis police report, between 20 and 30 young Somali men showed up in front of a woman s house about 9:30 in the morning and started shouting insults.  The comments turned to threats,  the report said.Watch local TV report of horrific threats made by a mob of young Somali men in Minneapolis:Via: WND",0
13564,WHOA! THIS DC DIVA Blows Off Traffic Laws In An SUV To Shop At a Fancy Shoe Store,"What the heck! First it s Hillary Clinton who gets off even though she s guilty and now it s Pelosi screeching through traffic to shop at a fancy shoe store! The thing that s so infuriating is that she s racing around town ignoring laws in an SUV! I guess global warming is for the little people too but not for DC Divas U.S. House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi is above the law, as St. Helena, California residents learned last month.Local Paul Smith wrote in to the St. Helena Star in June to describe Pelosi s recent shoe shopping excursion at a fancy boutique, prompting a response from police chief Bill Imboden about the former House Speaker s special status (see below). Last Saturday afternoon (June 4) I m standing on the west side of Main Street directly across from the Hunt Avenue intersection chatting with friends. Of course, traffic was heavy in both directions,  Smith wrote. A large perfectly polished and gleaming black SUV is attempting a left turn from Hunt onto southbound Main (not easy). Suddenly blue/red lights are flashing from the windshield area of the SUV (like you would see in an official fire/police vehicle),  he continued.  I said to my friends, I ve never seen that before on a  regular  vehicle and I d think that s illegal and dangerous. They agreed. That s when the large black SUV jolted across two lanes of traffic, lights flashing, to park in front of a fire hydrant at the high end shoe boutique Footcandy. A St. Helena police car happens to be going northbound and pulls into the center lane and the officer starts shaking his arm and hollering at the driver of the SUV. While this goes on a man exits the SUV assisting a woman from the vehicle. She dashes off to Footcandy while he waits by the SUV in the red zone,  Smith explained.The SHPD car leaves and proceeds northbound.My friends and I are puzzled, say goodbye and I walk south on Main. As I approach Footcandy, Nancy Pelosi comes out with her shopping bags and the man assists her into the awaiting SUV. The SUV, with lights flashing, bursts back into southbound traffic.Wow!Privilege? Power? Arrogance? Whose SUV, taxpayers? Say it ain t so, Nancy.Paul SmithSt. HelenaEditor s note: The Star asked St. Helena Police Chief Bill Imboden to respond, and here s what he wrote: The St. Helena Police Department has received similar complaints in the past, and on occasion we come across a scenario like what is mentioned in the complaint. Unfortunately local law enforcement has no authority to prevent this type of activity. The U.S. Capitol Police and the U.S. Secret Service provide dignitary protection for certain high-ranking members of the Federal Government, and this protection comes with the discretion to violate some state and local laws (illegal U-turns, parking in a red zone) under the guise of providing the best possible protection to the dignitary. In the case of Congresswoman Pelosi, she receives her protection detail from the Capitol Police. As the Chief of Police in St. Helena I can assure you we don t like or condone their behavior, but I can tell you from personal experience that while they sympathize with the position they put us in, they will not alter their tactics to appease us. Anyone who wishes to lodge a complaint about Congresswoman Pelosi can email her at the following website: pelosi.house.gov. You can also lodge a complaint with the protection agency at: U.S. Capitol Police Office of Professional Responsibility   OPR@uscp.gov. Read more: The American Mirror",0
13565,HOLLYWOOD HUNK WEIGHS IN: Should Hillary Be In The White House Or The Big House? [VIDEO],"I knew I liked this guy! Antonio Sabato, Jr. was on the street and was asked by TMZ about the Hillary e-mail verdict. The great thing is when they asked who he d vote for  ",0
13566,"AMERICA IN CRISIS: “Hillary Clinton Is A CRIMINAL Involved In a Criminal Enterprise…If The Voters Do Not Stop Her, She Will Be The Next President of the United States”","Are Democrat voters willing to risk what little integrity their party has left to get behind Crooked Hillary? Will they be inspired to go to the polls to elect someone they know has been under criminal investigation for most of her adult life? Congressman Darrell Issa (R-CA), chairman of the House Oversight Committee, talked with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon about President Barack Obama s willful disregard for the law as president and the FBI s decision not to charge Hillary Clinton for her actions involving top secret emails. Issa said:We are in a crisis because Hillary Clinton, if the voters do not stop her, will be the next President of the United States. She will, in fact, on Day One say,  Pardon me,  and she ll mean it. She ll have pardoned herself. She will have, in fact, gone from being a criminal involved in a criminal enterprise   obviously, Clinton Cash depicted that   and somebody who flaunted the security laws, the privacy laws, the presidential and the Federal Records Act, and gotten away with it.Via: Breitbart News",0
13567,MATT DAMON Says America Needs IMMEDIATE GUN BAN After Making $50 MILLION KILLING People With Guns In Popular Movie Series,"It warms the heart to know people as important as Hollywood actor Matt Damon care so much about the little people with guns in America. If Damon really feels so strongly about the government taking our Second Amendment right away, perhaps he should stop making a living with guns Matt Damon will return to the big screen as trained assassin Jason Bourne later this month, and while promoting the new film in Australia over the weekend called for a ban on guns in the United States.In an interview with a reporter from the Sydney Morning Herald, Damon said:  You guys did it here in one fell swoop and I wish that could happen in my country, but it s such a personal issue for people that we cannot talk about it sensibly. We just can t. Damon made these comments at the red carpet premiere of the new Bourne movie, a film series in which he has killed at least 10 people with a firearm.Damon, who has reportedly made over $50million for his work in the four Bourne films, has also had no issue with using weapons in other films.The 45-year-old actor has also carried firearms in his movies The Departed, Green Zone and Elysium, to name just a few.Via: Daily Mail",0
13568,BOOM! GOP Makes BLISTERING Video Using FBI Director’s Comments Side By Side With Hillary’s Lies,"America should ve known Hillary would be allowed to skate. When Chicago thug politics mesh with the Clinton Crime Syndicate, American citizens don t have a chance. The Democrat party is starting to make the mafia look like girl scouts .In a scathing video ad titled  Tale of Two Press Conferences,  the GOP plays side-by-side excerpts from Comey s statement and a March 10, 2015 press conference when Clinton was first cornered with accusations about her private email server.The result is a smackdown that casts Clinton as a bald-faced liar. I did not email any classified material to anyone on my email,  Clinton says in the footage on one side of a split-screen. 110 emails in 52 email chains have been determined by the owning agency to contain classified information,  Comey says at screen-right.After Clinton says that she  thought it would be easier to carry just one device for my work and for my personal emails instead of two, Comey is seen rebutting her on Tuesday   declaring that she  used numerous mobile devices to view and send e-mail on [her] personal domain. RNC Chairman Reince Priebus said in a statement that Clinton  has spent the last 16 months looking into cameras deliberately lying to the American people. This video perfectly highlights Hillary Clinton s serial lies over her secret email server, which jeopardized national security, left over 2,000 classified emails unprotected, and covered up unethical conflicts of interests related to her family foundation while she was Secretary of State,  he added.  Via: Daily Mail ",0
13569,Hillary Is Free To Run For President While DECORATED MARINE HERO FORCED OUT For Sending An Urgent Email Warning To Fellow Marines From Personal Server,"Is it Hillary s political privilege that allows her to go unpunished for her criminal activity? Hillary was just given a pass to run for the highest office in our nation by the FBI after sending an untold number of highly classified emails from her personal server, while a Marine who served four tours of duty overseas sent one classified email from his personal server in an effort the save the lives of his fellow Marines and he is forced out of the military. But then again, the Clinton Crime Family is never subject to the same rules as We The Peasants The deck is stacked in favor of those at the top. Everyday Americans need a champion.  -Hillary ClintonU.S. Marine Corps Captain Jason C. Brezler, a decorated Marine officer who has deployed four times, faces being discharged from the Corps he loves because he used his personal email to send a single classified report as an urgent warning when lives were at stake.Meanwhile Intelligence Inspectors General (IGs) found two top secret documents out of a randomly-picked set of forty from Hillary Clinton s emails   and she is being allowed to continue her campaign with little or a no consequence and, generally, the story is being ignored by the mainstream media.As reported by the left-wing Daily Beast, on July 25, 2012, U.S. Marine Corps Captain Jason C. Brezler was in the U.S. attending grad school. In fact, he was in class when received an email about Sarwar Jan, the former police chief who Brezler helped to remove from office. The email was from Marine Major Andrew Terrell, who served with Brezler in 2010. Jan, as police chief, was a notorious drug and weapons trafficker and a friend of the Taliban who ran a child kidnapping/rape ring on the side. Terrell s email said that the former police chief had returned to the area where they served, near FOB Delhi in Afghanistan. The accompanying message from Terrell read,  Jason, I just got an email from one of my friends in Afghanistan; he just met Sarwar Jan. He is looking for anything we have on him. Do you still have that paper Larissa wrote on this guy in Now Zad? It could be very helpful. Anything you can think of would be useful. Thanks brother, Andrew. Larissa Mihalisko was a Marine intelligence officer who had prepared a report on Jan with information provided by Brezler and Terrell. Brezler had kept a copy along with other necessary operation reports on the personal laptop he used in the war zone, the Marines not having provided him one.Now, in the moments after he received the urgent message from Terrell, Brezler decided it was great luck that he had downloaded the hard drive from that laptop onto his new one. I immediately typed  search  and  Sarwar Jan  and uploaded the document,  he would recall in court papers.In the next instant, he sent the report to the email address that Terrell had provided for another Marine in Afghanistan. He gave no thought to the document s classification.  Major Jason Brezler s email with the classified information sent to FOB Delhi was meant to be an alarm about Sarwar Jan   but, it was ignored. Soon after, three Marines working out at the base s gym were shot and killed  by an Afghan teen brought on the base by the same corrupt and double-dealing pedophile police chief whom Brezler had declared to be an immediate threat. Marine Maj. Jason Brezler sent an email to 3rd Battalion, 8th Marines (stationed at FOB Delhi) before the shootings about a corrupt Afghan cop named Sarwar Jan, who was allegedly raping Ainuddin before the 2012 murders. SARWAR JAN IS BACK In 2012 Major Brian Donlon was a captain, serving as 3rd Battalion, 8th Marines operations officer in Afghanistan. According to an email chain obtained by Blue Force Tracker, Donlon sent an email to Captain Andrew Terrell on July 23, 2012   18 days before the FOB Delhi shootings   requesting information about Sarwar Jan. Do you remember the Now Zad DCOP, Sarwar Jan?  Donlon wrote.  If yes, tell me about him. He just showed up. Brian, I sent this request out to Jason Brezler my civil affairs officer for Now Zad. He has some of the detailed reports we submitted on this guy (Sarwar Jan). The short version is he is extremely corrupt, only serves himself, has a proven record of failure [ ] He (Sarwar Jan) has sold out to the Taliban several times before, I would not trust him with anything. After Terrell sent the request for additional information to Brezler, he contacted Donlon to update him on the request:On July 24, 2012, Brezler logged into his Yahoo email account; he was attending graduate school in Oklahoma at the time. He saw an email from Terrell titled:  IMPORTANT! Sarwar Jan is back! Brezler hurriedly responded to Donlon with all the information he had on Jan   inadvertently including classified information about the Afghan police chief in the email sent from his unsecured Yahoo account.Donlon, in turn, replied to Terrell that he would have to report Brezler for violating the military s rules on classified information  spillage. I am going to have to report this to our OPSEC guy,  Donlon wrote.  Dammit, I know he was just trying to help but shit, he can t have this stuff on there. Donlon s reply to Terrell, however, made no mention of the actual content of Brezler s warning about Jan, nor did he say whether he had forwarded Brezler s warning on to units at FOB Delhi.After Donlon questioned Brezler about sending the classified document over an unsecure network, Brezler reported his offense to his superiors. A Naval Criminal Investigation was launched into the classified data spillage. Brezler cooperated with NCIS investigators, turning over his laptop and materials, which, he claimed he accidently took home following a 2010 deployment to Afghanistan. At that time in Afghanistan, Brezler said, Marines had to use their own personal computers to handle classified material due to limited resourcesBrezler knew the document had been classified, but he figured that had likely changed with the passage of time. And he was only passing on to a fellow Marine what he and Terrell had reported in the first place. But he could tell that the other Marine [who received his email] was taking it as a breach of security. Brezler had still been in class during all this. He continued to live by the Naval Academy honor code, and he used the lunch break to call a Marine higher-up to report himself.Brezler was later referred to a board of inquiry for sending his warning about Jan, which included classified information, over an unclassified network. Although a subsequent Marine Corps investigation determined that Jan did not play a direct role in the 2012 murders, Buckley s family and platoon mates still think Jan was culpable and are pressing to discover whether Brezler s warning was either ignored or overlooked at a time when the threat of  green on blue  attacks on U.S. and NATO military personnel in Afghanistan was at the highest point of the war.Here s the sick part. The only one who is being punished for that act is U.S. Marine Corps Captain Jason C. Brezler, a decorated Marine officer who has deployed four times, who now faces being discharged from the Corps he loves because he used his personal email to send a single classified report as an urgent warning when lives were at stake   and who followed up by self-reporting his breaking of rules.At first, his only punishment was a reprimand, but when the families of the three marines murdered in the gym began to complain that they were being told nothing about the death of their loved ones, Captain Brezler reached out to Rep. Peter King (R-NY) for help.Suddenly, some of the Marine brass decided that a reprimand was not enough. Brezler could not help but notice that nobody was being investigated for failing to act on the report itself. I do not know, and cannot understand, how Jan was ever permitted to operate again with, in proximity to, Marine forces, let alone assume a command on a Marine FOB with an entourage of chai boys,  Brezler said in court papers.  Had senior Marine commanders paid attention to the dossier we prepared when we expelled Jan from Now Zad, or the Marine commanders responsible for FOB Delhi acted on the warning I sent in response to their urgent request, I believe the Marines murdered on FOB Delhi would be alive today.  The commanders who messed up weren t punished, but the Captain who loved being a Marine is being drummed out of the Corps, unless Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus sets the decision aside.Now, compare the case of Captain Brezler to that of Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. As Secretary of State, against the rules, she used a private email server so she could keep all the emails to herself. Over that private server, she sent classified information. When others discovered the private server, she denied it ever held classified information, and she selected which emails to turn over   and then had her server wiped clean. After months of refusing, Ms. Clinton finally turned her server over the FBI. So far, she is getting off without even a reprimand and the mainstream media is protecting her.Captain Brezler, on the other hand, sent one classified document in an attempt to save the lives of other Marines. When he realized his mistake, he reported himself. As soon as he was asked, he turned his computer and thumb drive to his superiors. And, when the subject of the three marines who were killed was brought up by their grieving families, he didn t go talk to them, he spoke to a U.S. Congressman who had clearance because he was on the intelligence committee. Now, Captain Brezler is being forced out of the Marine Corps the loves.As the author of the Daily Beast piece concludes:Brezler has continued to serve with distinction as a member of Rescue 2 of the FDNY. A retired firefighter named Jimmy Boyle ran into him the other day and called out a question many are asking. Hey, Jason, what did you do that Hillary didn t?  Via: MRCTV",0
13570,CROOKED HILLARY VS FBI’S COMEY [Video],This Supercut of Hillary vs Comey gets to the heart of why she should be indicted! ,0
13571,HOW DID HILLARY’S MUSLIM AIDE Get Security Clearance With VERY SHADY Terrorist Connections [Video],"We ve all had questions about Huma Abedin but did you know how connected she is to the Saudi government? Does anyone doubt that the Saudis are bankrolling everything the Clintons do? The information below is fantastic and should be seen by anyone even remotely considering voting for Hillary Clinton. Huma Abedin is the definition of shady! The mainstream media has done nothing to seriously vet the connection between the Clinton and Saudi Arabia, and the key role Huma Abedin plays in the life and work of Hillary Clinton are one core link. Abedin not only lived in Saudi Arabia from the time she was two years old, but her mother currently lives in Saudi Arabia and runs the Journal for Muslim Minority Affairs as well as being a dean at a woman s college there.Despite the fawning coverage she has received, there are many unanswered questions about Abedin, especially given her complete access to Hillary Clinton, one of the most powerful people in the world, a former Secretary of State and possible future president. As Vanity Fair  William Cohan writes in his piece:Over the years Huma has served in several positions, with increasingly important-sounding titles. She has been Hillary s  body woman,  her traveling chief of staff, a senior adviser, and a deputy chief of staff when Hillary was secretary of state. Now, based in Brooklyn, she is the vice-chair of Hillary s 2016 presidential campaign.The Facts about Huma Abedin and Abdullah Omar Nasseef To his credit, Cohan s Vanity Fair piece on the secretive Abedin confirms a number of facts that have been reported by conservative media for a couple of years but have been twisted and convoluted by the mainstream media.For example, the Vanity Fair article flatly lays out the information that Huma Abedin was an assistant editor at a publication called the Journal of Muslim Minority Affairs from 1996 until 2008. He writes:When (Huma) Abedin was two years old, the family moved to Jidda, Saudi Arabia, where, with the backing of Abdullah Omar Nasseef, then the president of King Abdulaziz University, her father founded the Institute of Muslim Minority Affairs, a think tank, and became the first editor of its Journal of Muslim Minority Affairs, which stated its mission as  shedding light  on minority Muslim communities around the world in the hope of  securing the legitimate rights of these communities. It turns out the Journal of Muslim Minority Affairs is an Abedin family business. Huma was an assistant editor there between 1996 and 2008. Her brother, Hassan, 45, is a book-review editor at the Journal and was a fellow at the Oxford Center for Islamic Studies, where Nasseef is chairman of the board of trustees. Huma s sister, Heba, 26, is an assistant editor at the Journal.As the masthead of this 1996 issue of the Journal of Muslim Minority Affairs shows, Huma Abedin was an assistant editor at Journal. Down the masthead you can see the name of Abdullah Omar Nasseef.Aside from helping found the  Abedin s family business  it s beyond dispute that Abdullah Omar Nasseef was the secretary-general of a group called the Muslim World League. That s not controversial and Cohan does acknowledge this in Vanity Fair:In his early years as the patron of the Abedins  journal, Nasseef was the secretary-general of the Muslim World League, which Andrew McCarthy, the former assistant U.S. attorney who prosecuted the  Blind Sheik,  Omar Abdel Rahman, in the wake of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, claims  has long been the Muslim Brotherhood s principal vehicle for the international propagation of Islamic supremacist ideology. Although it describes itself a nongovernment organization, the Muslim World League is an effectively an arm of the Saudi Arabian government. As a lawsuit posted on the Philadelphia Enquirer website states  a full time employee of the Muslim World League testified as follows: Let me tell you one thing, the Muslim World League, which is the mother of IIRO (International Islamic Relief Organization) is a fully government funded organization. In other words, I work for the government of Saudi Arabia. I am an employee of that government.Second, the IIRO is the relief branch of that organization which means that we are controlled in all of our activities and plans by the government of Saudi Arabia.Keep that in mind, please   I am paid by my organization which is funded by the [Saudi] government   the [IIRO] office, like any other office in the world, here or in the Muslim World League, has to abide by the policy of the government of Saudi Arabia. If anybody deviates from that, he would be fired; he would not work at all with IIRO or with the Muslim World League.According to the group s own website, the Muslim World League: is engaged in propagating the religion of Islam, elucidating its principles and tenets, refuting suspicious and false allegations made against the religion. The League also strives to persuade people to abide by the commandments of their Lord, and to keep away from prohibited deeds. The League is also ready to help Muslims solve problems facing them anywhere in the world, and carry out their projects in the sphere of Da wah, education and culture. The League, which employs all means that are not at variance with the Sharia (Islamic law) to further its aims, is well known for rejecting all acts of violence and promoting dialogue with the people of other cultures.The group s claim about  rejecting all acts of violence  is specious given its connection to the Saudi government and the Kingdom s advocacy for sharia law, which it practices with gusto.Desperate to retain the Saudi royal family s iron grip, Saudi Arabia banned all public gatherings. The Saudi Arabian government uses both public beheading and crucifixion as punishments, for example, and in 2012 sentenced a 16-year-old who d protested against the government to both. Saudi Arabia recently sparked international outrage when it executed over 40 people deemed  terrorists.  Many were beheaded.Following 9/11, the Saudis came under intense government scrutiny for their role in funding terror through ostensively charitable groups. In 2007, ABC News reported Saudis Still Filling Al Qaeda s Coffers:Despite six years of promises, U.S. officials say Saudi Arabia continues to look the other way at wealthy individuals identified as sending millions of dollars to al Qaeda. If I could somehow snap my fingers and cut off the funding from one country, it would be Saudi Arabia,  Stuart Levey, the under secretary of the Treasury in charge of tracking terror financing, told ABC News.The mainstream media has done nothing to serious vet the connection between the Clinton and Saudi Arabia, and the key role Huma Abedin plays in the life and work of Hillary Clinton are one core link. Abedin not only lived in Saudi Arabia from the time she was two years old, but her mother currently lives in Saudi Arabia and runs the Journal for Muslim Minority Affairs as well as being a dean at a woman s college there.Further tying the Clintons to the Saudis is big money. CNN reported in 2008 that  donations to the William J. Clinton Foundation include amounts of $10 million to $25 million from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.  Vanity Fair points out Huma s ties there after Clinton left her role as Secretary of State:In addition to the State Department and Teneo jobs, Huma was hired as a consultant to the William J. Clinton Foundation to help plan for Hillary s  post-State philanthropic activities,  and as a personal employee of Hillary s.The Saudis have denied the accusation they ve funded terrorism and also say they complied with U.S. orders, telling ABC  that after the Sept. 11 attacks, the country took prompt action and  required Saudi banks to identify and freeze all assets relating to terrorist suspects and entities per the list issued by the United States government. One of the organizations specifically singled out for funding terrorism was founded by the Abedin family benefactor. In 1988, Naseef also founded the charitable giving arm of the Muslim World League, an entity called Rabita Trust.Remember the League s connection to the Saudis as stated earlier and it s clear that Naseef was not a loose cannon but effectively acting as an  employee  of the Kingdom.One of the other founders of the Rabita Trust was Wa el Hamza Julaidan, who that same year would also become one of the four founders of Al Qaeda. In 1984, Julaidan had worked with Osama bin Laden to set up mujahedin training camps in Afghanistan. As U.S. News reported in 2003:Afghanistan forged not only financial networks but important bonds among those who believe in violent jihad. During the Afghan war, the man who ran the Muslim World League office in Peshawar, Pakistan, was bin Laden s mentor, Abdullah Azzam. Another official there was Wael Julaidan, a Saudi fundraiser who would join bin Laden in founding al Qaeda in 1988. Documents seized in raids after 9/11 reveal just how close those ties were. One record, taken from a Saudi-backed charity in Bosnia, bears the handwritten minutes of a meeting between bin Laden and three men, scrawled beneath the letterhead of the IIRO and Muslim World League. The notes call for the opening of  league offices . . . for the Pakistanis,  so that  attacks  can be made from them. A note on letterhead of the Saudi Red Crescent Saudi Arabia s Red Cross in Peshawar asks that  weapons  be inventoried. It is accompanied by a plea from bin Laden to Julaidan, citing  an extreme need for weapons. Shortly after the 9/11 attacks, the government froze the assets of the Rabita Trust for funding terrorism. As the New York Times reported in October, 2001:The Bush administration vowed today to seize the assets of more individuals it says support terrorism, including a prominent businessman from Saudi Arabia, a United States ally whose reluctance to move against people and groups with ties to Osama bin Laden has become a politically sensitive Also on the list is Rabita Trust, a Pakistani charity that at least until recently had Pakistan s president, Gen. Pervez Musharraf, on its board. Administration officials said they warned President Musharraf of the impending order against the Rabita Trust and encouraged him to disassociate himself from what they described as its founder s links to Al Qaeda, Mr. bin Laden s terrorist network.In March, 2002 federal law-enforcement officials conducted raids on 15 organizations that the Treasury Department suspected of laundering money. The New York Times reported:One other place searched today was the office of the International Islamic Relief Organization at 360 South Washington Street in Falls Church, Va., another Washington suburb.That charity has a parent, the Muslim World League, that officials said was also searched. Corporate records show that the Muslim World League, which is financed in part by the Saudi government, is based at the same address as the relief organization, in Falls Church, but that it has used the Herndon building as a mailing address.Last October, the Treasury Department listed another Islamic charity financed by the Muslim World League, the Rabita Trust, as having connections to Al Qaeda.The connection of Abdullah Omar Nasseef to terror funding in general and Al Qaeda specifically is clear and convincing; just as clear and persuading as his connection to the Abedin family is.The Muslim World League was the mother organization of two groups the government believed were involved in funneling money to terrorists the Rabita Trust and the International Islamic Relief Organization (IIRO). Both groups are listed on the Treasury department s website. Both Naseef s co-founder Wa el Hamza Julaidan himself and the Rabita Trust as an organization were placed by lists of terror funders by both the United States and the United Nations.The Treasury Department met cited the Rabita Trust  for providing logistical and financial support to al Qaida. The Treasury Department s discussion of the IIRO goes into detail about the money and logistics support they provided terror groups and includes information that shows that these provide both legitimate charity services but also act as a money laundering operation to get funds to terror groups:International Islamic Relief Organization (IIRO)The IIRO was established in 1978 and, according to its website, the organization has branch offices in over 20 countries in Africa, Europe, Asia, and the Middle East.Abd Al Hamid Sulaiman Al-Mujil (Al-Mujil) is the Executive Director of the IIRO Eastern Province (IIRO-EP) branch office in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Al-Mujil has been called the  million dollar man  for supporting Islamic militant groups. Al-Mujil provided donor funds directly to al Qaida and is identified as a major fundraiser for the Abu Sayyaf Group (ASG) and Jemaah Islamiyah (JI).Read more: Breitbart News",0
13572,CLASSY! SNOOP DOGG Scheduled To Pimp For Hillary At The DNC Convention,"The big dog of has-been rappers is headlining a  Unity  concert during the DNC convention. What a classy move by the Democrats In an attempt to get the ghetto rats interested in the election and back on the reservation for Hillary, Calvin Broadus , aka Snoop Dogg s latest act will be to bring together the Democratic Party. The rapper is set to headline a  unity party  following the last night of the Democratic National Convention on July 28 in Philadelphia co-hosted by the super PACs Priorities USA, the Senate Majority PAC and the House Majority PAC, the groups announced Tuesday.Mr. Dogg announced that he would be supporting Hillary Clinton less than a month after she declared her candidacy in May 2015.  You know I like to be politically correct, but sometimes I m politically incorrect. Watch What Happens Live. But I ll say that I would love to see bitches a woman in office because I feel like we re at that stage in life to where we need a perspective other than the male s train of thought. And just to have bitches a woman speaking from a global perspective as far as representing America, I d love to see that. So I ll be voting for da bitch Ms. Clinton.  The groups also announced that the Grammy-winning group Los Lobos will perform. And I would imagine a heavy presence of Police and Emergency Medical personal will also be in attendance.Via: DMF",0
13573,"OBAMA Stammers Like Crazy Trying To Slam Trump: “IF, IF, IF…” [VIDEO]",Wow! Talk about a psych out! Obama stutters and stammers trying to talk about Trump: ,0
13574,BEST REMIX EVER! Hillary Clinton Is Evil! [Video],This has to be one of the best remix videos ever! It gets to the heart of the callousness and self-serving attitude of Clinton. ,0
13575,TRUMP SPOKESPERSON Delivers EPIC Case Against A Hillary Presidency: “No one has done more to sell out our government…” [Video],Trump spokesperson Stephen Miller just hammers Hillary Clinton! You will love every minute of this! ,0
13576,FBI DIRECTOR COMEY’S Decision On Hillary Clinton’s E-mail,"Trump was right again! There will be NO CHARGES for Crooked Hillary Clinton! Comey says she was  careless  but recommends no charges so Hillary s home free. Loretta Lynch has already said she ll go by the recommendation of the FBI. FBI on Hillary Clinton's emails: 110 emails contained classified info; 8 chains were top secret when they were sent. https://t.co/owg94f3l8c  ABC News (@ABC) July 5, 2016 FBI on Clinton emails: Although there was no intentional misconduct, ""there's evidence they were extremely careless"" https://t.co/0HPPv0ByoF  ABC News (@ABC) July 5, 2016 ",0
13577,"BLOODY 4TH OF JULY WEEKEND UPDATE: Obama’s Hometown Of Chicago…64 Shot, 6 Killed, Including 39 Yr Old Father, 3 And 10 Yr Old Daughters…Black Reverend Cautions Those Who Blame Guns or Cops","Just another big city destroyed by Democrats As the nation took to backyard BBQs and paused to celebrate the birth of our nation, the incessant gang warfare in and around the Chicago area continued without a hitch with 37 shootings and six deaths over the three-day weekend. The tragic toll included the death of a 39-year-father and his two young girls in a nearby Chicago suburb.At least 64 people were shot in the nation s third largest city over the Independence Day weekend, including four people who were fatally wounded. The grim violence in Chicago, which has recorded 329 homicides already this year, continued despite stepped up street patrols by the Chicago Police Department and the arrest of 88 gang members in two of the city s most violent neighborhoods ahead of the holiday weekend.Friday was atypical in that the shootings were relatively few and no one died, but the rest of the weekend more than made up for it. Friday featured only five citizens wounded, all in separate incidents.Saturday rang in with a vengeance with 11 shootings and two deaths, while Sunday saw 14 shootings and one death. Sunday also saw an additional three people murdered in a nearby suburb. By Independence Day itself, another four citizens were wounded.One of the most tragic shootings of the holiday weekend was the death of 39-year-old Dionus M. Neely, who was shot and killed along with his ten-year-old and three-year-old daughters, Elle and India.The murders took place in the nearby Chicago suburb of Hazel Crest on Sunday morning just after 2 AM, police report. Anyone who could kill a three-year-old and a ten-year-old, no matter what the circumstances, is nothing but pure evil as far as I m concerned,  Hazel Crest Police Chief Mitchell Davis III said on Sunday afternoon.The long weekend brings the list of violence to 2,008 total Chicagoans shot, and 302 shot and killed, among the total 336 homicides in the Windy City thus far this year.  BreitbartReverend Jesse Lee Peterson has some thoughts on why crime is so high in majority black cities and why Americans need to STOP blaming cops for the fatherless crisis that is plaguing inner city communities.Fatherless homes   combined with the left s policies and attacks on free speech   are creating thugs and cop killers. It s important to shine a light on this anti-cop mentality that has so contaminated America s inner cities.   The underlying cause of all this of course? Young black men growing up without fathers.Progressives of all colors have intimidated most white Americans with the  R  word (racist), and now whites rarely comment on black criminality. These same progressives are perpetuating the fatherlessness and anti-police attitude that is wreaking havoc on America s inner cities.Many blacks today have a serious issue with authority figures. This problem starts in the home and manifests itself as early as preschool.A Department of Education study found that blacks make up 18 percent of all preschool children, but they account for 42 percent of suspensions.Education Secretary Arne Duncan blamed the problem on  racial disparities,  and was  stunned that we were suspending and expelling 4 years olds.  Duncan is more  stunned  by the disciplinary action of the schools than he is by the rotten behavior of the kids. No surprise. Rotten kids are anti-authority   so are progressives.Attorney General Eric Holder said a  zero-tolerance  approach eventually leads many students into the criminal justice system and promised to end the  school-to-prison pipeline.  In other words, according to Holder, disciplining bad kids is creating a path to prison! This is progressive  wisdom. Jesse Jackson, Al Sharpton, the NAACP, the Congressional Black Caucus and other leftist black  leaders  have been excusing black criminals and stoking hatred toward police for decades.The 1992 Los Angeles riots, sparked by the police beating of Rodney King, resulted in the deaths of 60 people. But Rep. Maxine Waters, D-Calif., didn t call it a riot; she called it a  rebellion. The rap music industry has long promoted violence toward cops. The most notorious perpetrators include: N.W.A. (Niggaz with Attitudes) with their  F  tha Police  lyrics, rapper ICE-T s  Cop Killer  album, and Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg s  187  (about murdering cops). Video games like  Grand Theft Auto  also reinforce anti-police attitudes.Progressive mayors are allowing thugs and cop haters to flourish in our cities.Leftist NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio ended previous Mayor Rudy Giuliani s successful  stop, question, and frisk  program after complaints that it unfairly targeted minorities, and now violent crime has skyrocketed.According to CompStat figures, 129 people were shot last month   a 43 percent increase over the same period last year.In  Chicagoland,  progressive policies and fatherlessness have created  killing fields.  The recent Independence Day massacre, where 82 shootings resulted in 15 people killed, doesn t help the city s image.Instead of aggressively going after Chicago s gangs, Obama former Chief of Staff and now Mayor Rahm Emanuel is focused on the guns, even though Chicago has some of the nation s toughest gun-control laws.Progressives have created an environment that rewards irresponsibility and dependency. Sending welfare payments to single women with children has resulted in the decline of black marriages. Today, 73 percent of black kids are born out of wedlock.Since most black fathers are not around, these children never develop respect for authority. In fact, they grow to hate the impatience and pressure their mothers put on them.Recently I interviewed Paul Raeburn, author of  Do Fathers Matter?  Here are just a few of his findings:  When fathers are absent during mother s pregnancy, the baby is more likely to be born prematurely. The baby is four times as likely to die in the first year.  If the man is depressed, the child is eight times as likely to have behavior problems and 36 times as likely to have difficulty getting along with peers.   Kids with dads around are less likely to become  bullies : Oxford researchers said when fathers were absent, children had higher rates of aggressive behavior.Obviously the missing link to end the cycle of violence and the anti-police attitude in the black community is to rebuild black families. Progressive policies of providing financial incentives for single mothers who have kids out of wedlock must end.Progressives also bully people into not speaking truth about moral cause and effect. They re not just immoral   they are  anti-moral. Yet, Americans   especially white Americans   have to start speaking out about the anti-authority mindset destroying our inner cities. If whites and blacks allow the lawlessness to continue, the chaos and anti-cop violence will spread everywhere. And when police are not safe   no one is safe. Via: WND ",0
13578,HERE’S WHY AMERICA IS THE GREATEST No matter What The Loony Lefties Say [Video],Paul Joseph Watson is the bomb! He makes the greatest videos and cuts through the bull to get to the truth. Here s a great example of why America is the best: ,0
13579,TRUMP WINS IMPORTANT CATEGORY OF VOTERS Over HILLARY And BOTH Previous GOP Candidates,"Could it be Hillary s scre-e-e-eching that turns them off?Donald Trump shattered the GOP primary record this year by 1.4 million votes.And he won more youth voters than John McCain or Mitt Romney. Trump also received a larger percentage of the youth vote than the previous two Republican candidates.  GPDonald Trump has so far won more support from younger voters than the last two GOP presidential candidates and Hillary Rodham Clinton.A new analysis of the primary youth vote from Tufts University s Jonathan M. Tisch College of Civic Life shows that in 21 primaries, Trump received 828,675 votes from those up to age 29, and Clinton 766,425. Sanders owned the category, receiving 2,052,081 votes.And, said the report,  During the primary season, Donald Trump received a slightly larger proportion of youth votes than the two previous Republican nominees, Senator John McCain (2008) and Governor Mitt Romney (2012). Before all other candidates suspended their campaigns, Trump was receiving an average of 33 percent of youth votes per state, compared to McCain s average of 29 percent and Romney s 28 percent in their competitive primaries. And Trump received more of the youth vote than Hillary Clinton in the primaries this year.  Washington ExaminerRepublican presidential candidate Donald Trump has some youthful fans. Students for Trump, an online movement to promote the business mogul s campaign, is powered by high school and college students across the U.S.The grassroots organization was started in September 2015 by North Carolina college student Ryan Fournier of Campbell University, the Houston Chronicle reports.You can follow them on Twitter at @TrumpStudentsAs of March 2016, Students for Trump has 40 state directors, 225 chapters and 5,178 registered members. It is among 340 other social media groups advocating for Trump s presidential bid.18-year-old Josh Gremillion, a Texas high school student, said that the online group awakened his political activism. I ve always been a conservative but never paid much attention to it,  said Gremillion.  But this is our future. Members of Students for Trump refer to themselves as  an underrepresented minority  among American students. American News ",0
13580,4TH OF JULY HUMOR: Brutal Cartoon Shows Difference Between Liberals And Proud Americans,Boom!Courtesy of: comicallyincorrect.com,0
13581,HUMA SPILLS THE BEANS On Hillary’s Efforts To Burn Public Records,"Huma Abedin, Hillary s right hand woman, told in testimony that she burned Hillary s schedules in a  burn bag  during her tenure as Secretary of State. Even though the experts in this field are saying burning your schedule has never been done before, is their any doubt that this is just more underhanded secrecy from Hillary Clinton? Federal Records Act anyone? I ve never seen anyone put their schedule in the burn bag   because every one of them had a state.gov email address and therefore their daily schedules became public records, as required by law. Huma Abedin, Hillary Clinton s longtime aide, testified last week that her boss burned her schedules while serving as secretary of state.  If there was a schedule that was created that was her Secretary of State daily schedule, and a copy of that was then put in the burn bag, that   that certainly happened on   on more than one occasion,  Abedin told lawyers representing conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch, according to the New York Post. While Clinton admitted to deleting personal emails from her homebrew server, this is the first time anyone in Clinton s State Department inner circle admitted to destroying public records while on the job.The  burn bag  is used to discard sensitive or classified documents. A former State Department employee told the New York Post it was unprecedented for a diplomat to handle schedules this way.  I spend eight years at the State Department and watched as four U.S. ambassadors and two secretaries of state shared their daily schedules with a variety of State Department employees and U.S. officials,  Richard Grenell, a former diploma and U.S. spokesman at the United Nations told the Post.  I ve never seen anyone put their schedule in the burn bag   because every one of them had a state.gov email address and therefore their daily schedules became public records, as required by law,  Grenell added. Others who the newspaper talked to suggested the carefulness in how she discarded her schedule highlighted her carelessness when it came to using a private email server.  The president s schedule was not classified but it was deemed  highly sensitive,  noted Brad Blakeman, a scheduler for President George W. Bush.  Instructions were given at the White House and on the road that schedules would be disposed of through the use of  burn bags  and/or shredding,  Blakeman told the Post. Read more: Daily Mail",0
13582,"CLASSLESS KENNEDY FAMILY With History Of Philanders, Drunks, A Murderer And Rapist Celebrate Independence Day By Mocking Trump","How elite leftists celebrate America s Independence Day The Kennedy clan gathered at their Hyannis Port compound on Cape Cod over the weekend for their annual Fourth of July festivities, and took some time to attack Donald Trump.Robert F. Kennedy Jr. s daughter Kathleen, between known as Kick, posted a photos of a pinata of The Donald from a family party over the weekend. It s yuge party!,  wrote Kick in the caption of the Instagram post, which also showed some of her family members milling about in the background.She later deleted the Instagram post just before 11am on Monday.Via: Daily Mail",0
13583,BEWARE OF HILLARY CLINTON’S “Smart Power” Foreign Policy…It’s NOT Smart! [VIDEO],What the heck is Hillary Clinton talking about? Her  smart power  foreign policy when it comes to terrorism is more of the same failed Obama policy of coddling Islamic terrorism! This is a great video of 4 minutes of Hillary lying and being the complete phony she s always been. ,0
13584,"OBAMA’S FINAL 6 MONTHS…Racist, Desperate, Congressional BLACK Caucus Plans Gun-Control Antics On House Floor: “Be As Disruptive As Possible To Speaker Ryan”","We re still waiting to hear if the White Congressional Caucus will join in oh wait never mind The Congressional Black Caucus is calling on its members  to be as disruptive to Speaker Ryan as possible next week  when the House returns for business on Tuesday.The Washington Examiner has obtained a memo sent to Democratic offices that states that CBC members are coordinating a  day of action on the floor in regards to gun violence. The plan involves members giving speeches throughout the day calling for further federal restrictions on the possession and use of guns. The memo also asks members to be present for a House Rules Committee that afternoon regarding on the terrorism and gun control legislation slated for action on the floor Wednesday. During Votes   Members are encouraged to have a picture (not poster board, but a printed piece of paper with an image of a constituent killed by a firearm),  the memo stated.Via: Washington Examinerh/t: Weasel Zippers",0
13585,TRUMP FOR AMERICAN JOBS! Testifies In 1991 Predicting Housing Tumble [Video],"It was 1991 when Trump testified to Congress about that  irrational exuberance  as he complained that monetary policy was pushing money into international markets, while construction was being restricted. Trump said then, watch markets and if housing/building gets too loose, it could be reined in then. But instead they never reined it in and Dem s like Raines and Gorelick helped push NINJA loans and got their bonuses by selling their junk as AAA to average Joes. you create jobs, you create so many other things,   incentive has to be put back in to the construction of things that are needed, such as housing   Trump in  91. Trump was for keeping jobs in America back in the 1980 s even;",0
13586,SENATOR SPILLS MOST IMPORTANT INFO ON HILLARY: Hillary Allowed Russia to Take Ownership of US Uranium to Sell to Iran,SENATOR D AMATO (NY) was on the Sunday shows recommending what he would emphasize as a reason NOT to vote for Hillary and it s a big one: Hillary Allowed Russia to Take Ownership of US Uranium to Sell to Iran ,0
13587,HILLARY’S FIRST COMMENTS On The Bill/Loretta Lynch Meeting Will Blow You Away…Does She REALLY Think We’ll Believe This?,"Don t you just love all the lies coming out of Hillary s lying pie hole? She says she was really  eager  to meet with the FBI   sure she was! I d beg to differ that she was probably so nervous trying to keep all her lies straight. The only way she would be  eager  to meet with the FBI is if the fix is in and she knows she ll not be charged with anything. We ll see!The lie that REALLY stood out is that she said she heard of the Bill/Loretta meeting  in the news . Do you think for one minute that she didn t hear this from Bill first? She also claims it was a  short chance meeting    So a 30 minute meeting where no pictures or reporters were allowed is a  chance meeting. This is laughable!In Hillary Clinton s first interview since meeting with FBI officials regarding the investigation into her use of a private email server, she told NBC s Chuck Todd she was  eager  for the meeting, and  pleased to have the opportunity to assist the department in bringing its review to a conclusion. However, she declined to comment on reports that charges will not be filed against her in the case.Clinton also revealed that she first learned of her husband s tarmac meeting with Attorney General Loretta Lynch from  the news. She described it as a  short, chance meeting at an airport tarmac  and that the two  did not discuss the Department of Justice s review. Yet she acknowledged that both the former president and attorney general have admitted  they wouldn t do it again. Hindsight is 20/20,  Clinton said: INTERVIEW WITH POLITICAL HACK CHUCK TODD: ",0
13588,BRILLIANT DANIEL HANNAN Smacks Down Rude CNN Reporter [Video],"Please check out the clip below and you ll see what drives conservatives nuts! CNN has every right to question Daniel Hannan in the interview but notice how Christian Amanpour gets combative and angry about Brexit while she s offending Daniel Hannan by insinuating that he s racist. Conservatives are so sick of political activists as journalists! Amanpour is a total political hack who just can t keep her personal views out of her reporting! THIS IS WHY WE BOYCOTT CNN!Heat Street has more:British MEP Daniel Hannan Spent Nine Minutes Smacking Down CNN JournalistDaniel Hannan, a conservative Member of the European Parliament representing South East England and one of the most vocal advocates in favor of #Brexit, had a  fiery exchange  with CNN s Christiane Amanpour, in which Hannan repeatedly rejected Amanpour s attempts to smear Leave supporters as racist and pushed back against her accusations that he had made misrepresentations.The interview, which aired on Tuesday, featured Amanpour questioning Hannan for details about how Britain s exit from the European Union would be accomplished.Here s the video, with a few seconds shy of nine minutes of Hannan smacking down rudeness and ridiculousness from Amanpour over and over and over again:",0
13589,CAFE OWNER REACTS IN AWESOME WAY After Town Told Her To Remove “God Bless America” Banner From Front Of Restaurant,"Bravo! This woman is example of true courage. More Americans need to take a stand against anyone who attempts to silence their First Amendment right Whenever folks in Penfield, New York get a hankering for pancakes for lunch   they head over to the 5 Mile Caf .The family-owned restaurant is known in those parts for serving breakfast any time of the day (order their homemade corned beef hash).They are also known for their patriotism. We are very patriotic here at the caf    all year round  not just this time of year,  owner Jennifer Aquino told me.  We have American flags and patriotic things around the caf . So Jennifer decided to ask the town for a permit so she could post a  God Bless America  banner on the front of her restaurant. She wanted to display the banner from Memorial Day through Independence Day.There was just one significant problem.Penfield has a strict banner allotment policy. Businesses are only allowed to post banners for a total of three weeks out of the year. And Jennifer had used up her allotment. At one point we had banners all over the town and the town just looked trashy and our residents said enough s enough,  town supervisor Tony LaFountain told WHEC.Jennifer s request was denied.Instead of posting the banner outside the restaurant, she posted it inside. And that was that   until the Orlando terrorist attack. I decided on my way to work that I was going to put it up regardless of the town telling me I couldn t,  she said.  So I put it up. A bit later that day she received an email from the town telling her to remove the banner. They warned her that she could face a possible fine for violating the ordinance. I didn t take it down,  Jennifer told me.  And I was willing to pay the fine. The [message on the banner] means a lot to me   especially during this time in our country with all that s going on with terrorism,  she said.  I just can t believe that I can t have this banner up and be supported by the town board. The fact that I m being asked to take it down is wrong,  she said.  It s against my First Amendment rights. People need to open up their eyes. If we start letting them tell us we can t do this   it s going to get worse. Jennifer tells me she never imagined there would be a day like this in America. I have lots of veterans in my family,  she said.  I have a cousin who fought in Desert Storm so that we could have the freedom to hang a banner that says,  God bless America. And yet we live in a nation where you can be punished for simply being patriotic.Via: FOX News ",0
13590,"HOLLYWOOD HYPOCRITE LEONARD DICAPRIO Jets LA Friends Across The World 6,000 Miles To Hear His Speech On GLOBAL WARMING","Sacrifice is for the peasants When Hollywood actor Leonardo DiCaprio hosts a reception for a string of A-list stars, supermodels and wealthy philanthropists later this month, he will make an impassioned plea for more action to be taken on global warming.But instead of holding the event in Los Angeles, where most of his guests are based, they will fly halfway around the world to the glitzy French resort of St Tropez   at enormous cost to the environment.Last night, green campaigners were quick to criticise 41-year-old DiCaprio, who in February used his Best Actor acceptance speech at the Oscars to warn about the dangers posed by climate change.The reception   the grand-sounding Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation Annual Gala To Fund Climate and Biodiversity Projects   will be held on July 20 at the Bertaud Belieu Vineyards on the French Riviera.Celebrities including Kate Hudson, Charlize Theron, Cate Blanchett, Marion Cotillard, Penelope Cruz, Robert De Niro, Scarlett Johansson, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Kevin Spacey are all expected to attend, along with a host of international rock and pop stars, supermodels and tycoons.And while a table seating 12 people at the gala costs up to  125,000, the real price will be paid by the environment.If just one guest among the 500 invitees chooses to fly the 12,000-mile round trip from LA to St Tropez by private jet   a notoriously environmentally unfriendly way to travel   they will produce 86 tons of carbon dioxide greenhouse gas.Even those who use a scheduled flight will be responsible for releasing seven tons of CO2   leading green campaigners to ask why the event could not have been held in Hollywood or in St Tropez during May s Cannes Film Festival, when many of the guests would have been there anyway.Robert Rapier, an environmental analyst, said:  DiCaprio demonstrates why our consumption of fossil fuels continues to grow. It s because everyone loves the combination of cost and convenience they offer. He believes that no sacrifice is necessary; just Government policies that can provide him with a solar-powered yacht or jet, or that give individuals low-cost renewable energy on a broad scale. One guest who attended last year s gala said:  It s basically a big party for Leo and his showbusiness friends and models. The models, of course, do not pay for tickets, and neither do the VIP guests   they get to have a nice big free party. Via: Daily Mail",0
13591,YOU CAN ADD INSIDER TRADING To The List Of Hillary’s Crimes [Video],"Wow! Yet more insider deals with the Clinton Grifters! These people should NEVER be in politics again EVER! The Clinton corruption machine is gobbling up millions while the little people get stuck with the tab. Hillary s son-in-law is taking after his father who was in federal prison for bank fraud! CLINTON FAMILY CORRUPTION RUNS DEEP It s disgusting!It s NO coincidence that three of the biggest investors in the Greek bailout were the California Public Sector Employee pension fund, the head of Goldman Sachs or Chelsea Clinton s old boss from another hedge fund.You can be sure they got a  heads up  alerting them to take their profits and jump ship when the bailout scheme collapsed, leaving all the  little guys  to suffer.Much like Hillary s magical investment in cattle futures where she turned a $1,000 investment into a $100,000 windfall. Stock markets don t create money, they merely transfer it from the losers to the winners.So when someone with insider help scores big, it s by taking money out of the pockets of everyone who doesn t have special access to privileged information.That s why insider trading is a federal crime!Hedge fund manager Marc Mezvinsky had friends in high places when he bet big on a Greek economic recovery, but even the keen interest of his mother-in-law, then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, wasn t enough to spare him and his investors from financial tragedy.In 2012, Mezvinski, the husband of Chelsea Clinton, created a $325 million basket of offshore funds under the Eaglevale Partners banner through a special arrangement with investment bank Goldman Sachs. The funds have lost tens of millions of dollars predicting that bailouts of the Greek banking system would pump up the value of the country s distressed bonds. One fund, exclusively dedicated to Greek debt, suffered near-total losses.Clinton stepped down as secretary of state in 2013 to run for president. But newly released emails from 2012 show that she and Clinton Foundation consultant, Sidney Blumenthal, shared classified information about how German leadership viewed the prospects for a Greek bailout. Clinton also shared  protected  State Department information about Greek bonds with her husband at the same time that her son-in-law aimed his hedge fund at Greece.That America s top diplomat kept a sharp eye on intelligence assessing the chances of a bailout of the Greek central bank is not a problem. However, sharing such sensitive information with friends and family would have been highly improper. Federal regulations prohibit the use of nonpublic information to further private interests or the interests of others. The mere perception of a conflict of interest is unacceptable.Through its press representative, Eaglevale declined to comment for this story. Clinton s campaign press office did not respond to a request for comment.A former Goldman Sachs broker himself, Mezvinsky formed Eaglevale Management with two ex-Goldman Sachs partners in October 2011. As a  global macro  firm, Eaglevale s strategy is to seek profit opportunities in politically volatile situations. Mezvinsky set up several funds in the Cayman Islands, a secretive tax haven, with Goldman Sachs serving as Eaglevale s prime broker and banker. The giant brokerage firm has a checkered history of manipulating the value of Greek debt to the detriment of Greece. The same month that Eaglevale incorporated its offshore arm, Gary Gensler, the head of the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission, which polices hedge funds, emailed Clinton that a bailout by the European Central Bank could  turn market sentiment  in favor of Greek bonds.Gensler had previously worked as co-head of finance at Goldman Sachs; he is now the financial director of Clinton s election campaign. Goldman Sachs has donated up to $5 million to the Clinton Foundation and $860,000 to Hillary Clinton s political campaigns. Shortly after Clinton resigned, Goldman Sachs paid her $675,000 in speaking fees.Clinton s deputy in charge of economic policy was Robert Hormats, a former vice chairman of Goldman Sachs. Hormats and Clinton shared an extensive email trail about the possibility of bailing out Greece, including classified materials, and internal state department memos about the debt from the U.S. ambassador to Greece.Again, monitoring Greece was part of Clinton s job description, but, ethically, that does not mean that a family member should make bets that depend upon the actions of another family member leaving aside the question of whether  insider  information was divulged to Mezvinsky by Blumenthal or his parents-in-law.During 2011, Secretary of State Clinton lobbied the leaders of European governments to bail out the Greek financial system. She advocated imposing austerity measures on Greece raising taxes, cutting public employee salaries and eliminating social welfare programs to make the investors holding the debt happy.Driven by investor s belief that Greece would be bailed out, the speculative value of its debt climbed into the stratosphere in late 2011 and early 2012. The bonds gradually sank to 2008 levels by the end of the year, with temporary spikes, as investors alternately gained and loss confidence in the prospect of a bailout. In other words, there were multiple opportunities for Greek-bond hedge funds to buy cheap and sell dear.At a February 2012 summit meeting about the Eurozone debt crisis in Munich, Clinton urged leaders of the European Union to commit to a Greek bailout.In April, Eaglevale booked $19 million from a dozen investors. California s public employee pension fund, CalPERS, reportedly invested $13 million. Goldman Sach s CEO, Lloyd Blankfein, jumped in with his own money, as did Chelsea Clinton s former boss, Marc Lasry, who specializes in buying distressed debt.In May, Blumenthal, emailed two  confidential  memos about the Greek debt situation to Clinton. Hormats was included in the email loop.The first memo, Blumenthal told Clinton, is  based on conversations with German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schauble and those close to him   the information comes from an extremely sensitive source and should be handled with care. This information must not be shared with anyone associated with the German government. The unnamed spy reported that in secret meetings with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Schauble had searched for a politically acceptable way to bail out the Greek debt in order to avoid collapsing the economies of Greece, Italy, Spain and Ireland.The second memo was classified and blacked out by State Department censors when Clinton s emails were released. No doubt, it was informative.In June, Clinton s deputy, Jake Sullivan emailed her  a depressing snapshot  of reports that Greek banks were failing and that Merkel was against a Greek bailout. The next day, he reported  re: Greece  that Ambassador Dan Smith  just spoke to the Central Bank Governor and assessed that the economic situation was  ok for now  provided that  small depositors put money back into the banks. A few days later, Clinton asked Sullivan for a confidential state department report,  Solidarity Bonds Greece Revised.  He sent it to her adding,  If you like, send it on to WJC,  presumably a reference to William Jefferson Clinton.Clinton ordered an aide,  Pls print two copies  of the Greek bond report. The report was blacked out as a  protected  document when the emails were made public.Did Mezvinsky benefit from his family connection?The emails show that Clinton did at least one official favor for her son-in-law. In August 2012, she forwarded Deputy Secretary Thomas Nides an email from Mezvinsky lobbying on behalf of his former Goldman Sachs colleague, Harry Siklas. Via: Blur Brain",0
13592,PLANNED PARENTHOOD GIVES AWARD To Colorado Abortion Clinic For Killing More Babies Than Previous Year,"I wish I could say I was shocked, but the sad truth is pro-abortion voters are the major reason America has been crippled by Obama for 8 years, and potentially looking at a continuation of his radical policies with a Hillary presidency. To hell with our nation, the abortion industry must be kept alive, no matter the cost Maybe you ve seen those awards given to local businesses for having a certain number of accident free days or hitting certain regional or area sales quotas. here s an award that will take your breath away for a terribly and horrific reason.Planned Parenthood of the Rocky Mountains gave its Aurua abortion clinic an award for increasing the number of babies killed in abortions. The award coincides with the abortion quotes the Planned Parenthood abortion business is implementing on all o its affiliates:From a blog post by Abby Johnson on the award:Ever since I left Planned Parenthood, I have been talking about the abortion quotas that are established inside abortion facilities. Many abortion supporters refused to believe it, citing that surely Planned Parenthood wants abortion to be safe, legal and RARE. If they want something to be RARE, they certainly wouldn t have quotas, right?We recently had a clinic worker leave the affiliate, Planned Parenthood of the Rocky Mountains. This affiliate runs the 2nd largest Planned Parenthood facility in the U.S. At this clinic in Denver, they give out various awards to their satellite clinics and post these awards on a bulletin board for everyone to see.When our former worker saw this award on public display, it really started to change her thinking about Planned Parenthood s motivation. This award was given to their Aurora clinic for  exceeding abortion visits first half of fiscal year 2012 compared to first half of fiscal year 2013. This means that the Aurora Planned Parenthood exceeded the abortion quota that was imposed on them. And THAT is award worthy according to Planned Parenthood.Via: LifeNews ",0
13593,CAIR CONTROVERSY After Candidate For Governor Sells ‘ISIS HUNTING PERMIT’ [VIDEO],Missouri Muslims are upset because a candidate for governor is handing out  ISIS Hunting Permit  stickers. Wait a minute! If ISIS has nothing to do with Islam as CAIR claims then why would they object ,0
13594,OBAMA FIGHTS TO KEEP RADICAL AGENDA ALIVE: Asks Crooked AG Loretta Lynch To Find Way To Challenge Supreme Court Decision That Blocked His Executive Order Amnesty Scheme,"This is a good reminder of how important it is to prevent Obama from anointing another radical on the Supreme Court. It might also be a good time for every American to call their representatives in Washington. Keeping another radical Obama appointee off our Supreme Court could literally be the only thing standing between a free America and one that looks more like Venezuela. This is also a reminder for anyone in the Republican party who considers themselves part of the  never Trump  movement. The Democrat party has never been more serious about, or closer to, fundamentally changing America forever The Obama administration is looking into whether it can challenge the Supreme Court s decision to block President Barack Obama s plan to spare millions of illegal immigrants from deportation, U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said Tuesday. We will be reviewing the case and seeing what, if anything else, we need to do in court,  Lynch told Reuters in an interview.Lynch did not say what legal options the Obama administration may pursue following a split decision by the Supreme Court justices last week that left in place a block on the executive action by a lower court.She said any future executive actions Obama may take on immigration would be left to the White House.In a wideranging interview on topics from gun control to the effect of the planned exit of Britain from the European Union, Lynch identified espionage from foreign nationals on U.S. companies as a  tremendous problem. The Federal Bureau of Investigation has reported a 53 percent increase in cases of economic espionage between 2014 and 2015 and the majority of cases involve Chinese nationals as culprits.Most recently, Xu Jiaqiang, 30, was charged with economic espionage and theft of trade secrets, for stealing software source code from his U.S. employer with the intent of benefiting the Chinese government. It is a matter of priority for us,  Lynch said.  When companies or industries are preyed upon by others, be they individuals, be they state actors who literally steal the fruit of their intellectual labors, essentially they are stealing from future generations also.  Via: Yahoo News",0
13595,"LIBERAL HUFFINGTON POST HEADLINE: “Man, Bill Clinton Is An Idiot”…Is Bill Intentionally Trying To Put Hillary Behind Bars?","Is it possible that Bill s latest move could ve just sealed Hillary s fate? It actually makes perfect sense. Bill and Hillary Clinton have spent their entire lives trying to figure out how to game the system. Is it possible that Bill has actually  one-upped  Hillary this time, putting the kibosh on her political aspirations, leaving him with millions from her Wall Street speeches and their home in Chappaqua, New York; minus his cantankerous, scheming,  lying, screeching and (according to former secret service agents) sometimes violent wife?Back in April, Slate s Michelle Goldberg offered the Hillary Clinton campaign some sage advice:  Fire Bill Clinton. The Clinton campaign declined to take her suggestion, but perhaps they should give it another look.Bill Clinton is one of the most talented politicians of the past century, but his infallible skills continue to fail him when put in the service of someone other than himself.On Monday, Clinton was on a tarmac in Phoenix when he learned that the attorney general, Loretta Lynch, would soon be on the same tarmac. He delayed his flight so he could try to meet with her. He asked for a meeting, boarded her plane and chatted for about 30 minutes.On Friday, MSNBC s Jonathan Capehart asked Lynch if there was one important thing she wished former Attorney General Eric Holder had told her.  Where the lock on the plane door was,  Lynch deadpanned.(Meanwhile, Republicans are calling for an independent prosecutor, which is rich: there isn t enough time to confirm a Supreme Court justice, but plenty of time for Ken Starr to ride into town again.)On its face, it was wrong to do, and Democrats would be savaging Republicans if the situation were reversed. It raises one of two possibilities: Either Bill Clinton is an idiot or he wants his wife to lose. I wonder if there s a part of Bill Clinton that doesn t really want Hillary Clinton to become president, particularly if she has to distance herself from his legacy to do so,  wondered Goldberg back in April, listing a bill of idiotic particulars.  How else to explain why one of the world s most talented and agile politicians is so consistently flat-footed and destructive when advocating on his wife s behalf? The fallout from the meeting was predictable: Lynch has said she regrets sitting down with Clinton and wouldn t do it again, given a do-over. And she has said that she will not overrule career prosecutors if they recommend an indictment. Whatever decision the Justice Department ends up making is now clouded in (even more) suspicion.And perhaps the greatest damage was done to Lynch. It must be awfully difficult to turn down a meeting request from a former president, the spouse of the likely future president, especially for somebody who may have future political ambitions. Did Lynch have aspirations for the Supreme Court? If so, what Clinton just did casts a pall over whatever chance she had.Via:  Huffington Post",0
13596,OBAMA’S GAL PAL Loretta Lynch WON’T RECUSE HERSELF From Crooked Hillary’s Criminal Investigation…Despite Private Meeting With Hillary’s IMPEACHED Husband,"Reasonable Americans expected never expected unbiased justice to be served by Eric Holder in a skirt Friday on MSNBC s  Morning Joe,  Bloomberg Politics Mark Halperin cited a  senior Justice Department official  who said Attorney General Loretta Lynch will not recuse herself from the investigation into presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton use of a private email while secretary of state. Critics have called on Lynch to do so after holding a private meeting with her husband former President Bill Clinton earlier this week.Halperin also said the source does not anticipate Lynch will admit the meeting was a mistake.JUST IN   @MarkHalperin: Sr. Justice Dept. official   This was the Atty. General's intention all along https://t.co/ws9klpXEeM  Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) July 1, 2016 This is a senior Justice Department official who is playing down that this is anything new,  Halperin said.  Says this was the attorney general s intention all along to let the career people decide. Quote,  She is not recusing herself. She is not stepping aside and does not expect that the attorney general will say it was a mistake to meet with Bill Clinton privately for 20 or 30 minutes.   BreitbartMeanwhile, the Washington Post reports Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch will support the recommendations from prosecutors and others leading probes into the use of a private email server by Hillary Clinton during her time as secretary of state, a Justice Department official said.Lynch s statement   expected later Friday during a gathering in Colorado   underscores the intense sensitivity surrounding the FBI and Justice investigations into the past use of an exclusive email server by the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee.By promising to abide by the recommendations, Lynch would directly address worries by Clinton critics and others that she   as an Obama administration appointee   could ultimately overrule the investigators.Her expected statement reflects an apparent desire to reinforce a by-the-book approach to the Clinton case, which has already played a dominant role in Republican attacks on the campaign trail.Lynch planned to make the comments later Friday during an appearance with Washington Post editorial writer Jonathan Capehart at the Aspen Ideas Festival in Colorado.",0
13597,RUSH LIMBAUGH Tells His Own Theory Of The Lynch/Clinton Meet Up,"Rush Limbaugh weighed in on what he thinks happened when Bill clinton met up with AG Loretta Lynch for 30 minutes at the Phoenix airport. The big question to ask in all this is what does Lynch mean by primarily? Doesn t she incriminate herself by opening up the possibility that there could have been conversation about the case before her that involves Hillary Clinton? According to U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch, her seemingly impromptu meeting with former President Bill Clinton earlier this week was  primarily social,  but conservative talker Rush Limbaugh isn t convinced. I did see President Clinton at the Phoenix airport as he was leaving, and he spoke to myself and my husband on the plane,  Lynch told Phoenix news outlet KNXV-TV Monday.  Our conversation was a great deal about his grandchildren. It was primarily social, about our travels and he mentioned golf he played in Phoenix. Radio talk show host and conservative commentator Rush Limbaugh speaks at  An Evenining With Rush Limbaugh  event May 3, 2007 in Novi, Michigan. The event was sponsored by WJR radio station as part of their 85th birthday celebration festivities.But Limbaugh feels a few too many things lined up for the meeting, which has been criticized given the fact Lynch is overseeing an investigation into Hillary Clinton s private email server, to be a spontaneous social call. So Clinton just happens to be told that Loretta Lynch is arriving soon when he just happens to be arriving to depart at Sky Harbor International Airport?  Limbaugh asked during his radio show Thursday.  [W]e are supposed to believe here that Bill Clinton, a 70-year-old man with a history of heart trouble, played golf in Phoenix where it was 108, 110 degrees? Limbaugh doesn t seem to buy Lynch s recanting of the meeting. Instead, he feels the discussion   which the radio personality believes was intended to be clandestine   involved Bill Clinton blackmailing Lynch, telling her to drop the email issue all together. During his program, Limbaugh posed another possibility, in which Bill Clinton praised the attorney general and reminded her he  was one of the people that told Barack Obama to put you in this job,  adding that he s been one of her  champions  for  I can t tell you how long.  ",0
13598,SICK OF THE LIES FROM CNN? You’re In Luck! Today Is TURN OFF CNN Day!,Here are a few memes to spread around:   ,0
13599,BENGHAZI WIDOW Hits Back At Hillary’s Heartless “Let’s move on” Comment On Benghazi,"Dorothy Woods, the wife of an ex-Navy SEAL killed in the Benghazi attacks, responds to presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton s comments on the Benghazi reports. ",0
13600,RINO MITCH McCONNELL Praises Hillary Day After Benghazi Hearing…Says He Could Work With Her As President,"Is there a law against waterboarding Republican Senators who continue to be re-elected even though it s pretty clear they should be running on the Democrat ticket Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) praised former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Wednesday   the day after the House Select Committee on Benghazi issued its final report.  She s an intelligent and capable person, no question about it,  McConnell told Time Warner Cable News, adding that he had worked well with her in the Senate and would be able to work with her as president.The Benghazi report details a pattern of incompetence, negligence, and dishonesty by Clinton and her associates. She failed to provide adequate security for U.S. diplomats in Benghazi; failed to take action to save U.S. personnel under attack on Sep. 11, 2012; and then falsely blamed an anti-Islamic YouTube video for inciting a protest that supposedly led to the attack.In addition, the Benghazi investigation uncovered the existence of Clinton s private email server, which violated State Department policies and may also have broken laws regarding the handling of classified information. Clinton seems to have used the server to evade Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests, possibly in connection with fundraising for her family s private foundation while in office, including solicitations from foreign donors and governments. She has misled the public repeatedly about the email server, claiming falsely that she did not share classified information and that she had turned over all work-related emails to the government.Yet McConnell did not rule Clinton out. Instead, he said her presumptive Republican opponent, Donald Trump, had not yet proven himself qualified:Sen. Mitch McConnell:  Trump clearly needs to change, in my opinion, to win the general election. What I ve said to him both publicly and privately:  You re a great entertainer. You turn on audiences. You re good before a crowd. You have a lot of Twitter followers. That worked fine for you in the primaries. But now that you are in the general, people are looking for a level of seriousness that is typically conveyed by having a prepared text and Teleprompter and staying on message.  So my hope is that he is beginning to pivot and become what I would call a more serious and credible candidate for the highest office in the land. Geoff Bennett:  At the moment, though, I hear you saying he does not meet that threshold of credibility? McConnell:  He s getting closer. Getting closer. Via: Breitbart ",0
13601,Gwenyth Paltrow Can’t Understand Why She Was Named “MOST HATED CELEBRITY”,"Obama drone Gwyneth Paltrow can t understand why she was once named the world s  Most Hated Celebrity  by a magazine. In a recent interview on the BBC show HardTalk at the Cannes Lions festival, the 43-year-old actress and Goop lifestyle guru told host Stephen Sackur that she had a hard time believing she had earned that title from Star magazine in 2013. First of all, I was like,  I m the most hated celebrity?  Paltrow asked with a chuckle.  More than, like, Chris Brown? What did I do? All I can do is be my authentic self,  the Avengers star told Sackur.  But I think there are things about me that make people draw conclusions. For example, there is the perception that I grew up very wealthy and that I was given, you know  that I was sort of raised with a silver spoon in my mouth, which inspires a lot of resentment. Paltrow added that while it is true that she attended an elite prep school in Manhattan, her father, Hollywood producer Bruce Paltrow,  never gave me anything  after graduation. I never had any supplementation, he never helped me with my rent, I never had a trust fund,  the actress said.  So the idea that I am spoiled or that I didn t work for what I have, that s just not accurate. But I can see how somebody might have that perception. Paltrow has repeatedly defended her status as a self-made woman in recent months. In February, the actress told Glamour magazine that she had  never taken a dime  from her parents.But while that may be true, Paltrow is, of course, the daughter of Bruce Paltrow and famed Hollywood actress Blythe Danner. In fact, a teenaged Paltrow got her first acting role in the 1989 television movie High, produced by her famous father. And the actress likely picked up some acting tips from her mother, who has more than 100 screen credits to her name. Paltrow told Harper s Bazaar last year that she was inspired to get into acting after watching Danner s successful career.As for why she was once named  Most Hated Celebrity,  Paltrow could be said to present a somewhat different version of herself than she perhaps realizes.The actress once said that she feels  incredibly close to the common woman.  But Paltrow s lifestyle website, Goop, frequently feels aimed at exactly the opposite of the  common woman. The publication s holiday gift guides regularly features items that are out of reach financially for regular women, including $46,000 board games and $12,000 vases (not to mention a $15,000 24k gold vibrator featured in the website s first-ever  Sex Issue ).And common women don t really drink $200 smoothies (with extra  moon dust  to boost sex drive), host President Obama in their backyards or steam-clean their genitals to get an  energetic release. Paltrow was also roundly mocked last year for pledging to live on $29 worth of food stamps for one week, only to quit four days in to the challenge.We have a few ideas Maybe it was the time Gwenyth held a fundraiser at her home for Barack Obama to help him win a second term?Who could forget when  the most hated celebrity  told Obama  You re so handsome, I can t speak properly. And then there s her support for the most corrupt person to ever run for the office of President of the United States, Crooked Hillary:Whatever the reasoning behind the dubious honor, Paltrow likely doesn t mind all that much. The actress told Glamour that she  very rarely  lets negative criticism get to her head. I don t lose sleep over it,  she told the magazine of her critics.  It s my business to live my life and learn my lessons. I don t care what anybody else thinks.  Via: Breitbart News",0
13602,NOT FUNNY! What These “MORONS” Did For Crooked Hillary Should FRIGHTEN Every American [VIDEO],"It s easy to see why there are so many Americans who would rather keep their heads firmly buried in the sand than know the truth about how inept our government officials really are Hillary Clinton is facing damaging new revelations about the lax security surrounding her emails.Watch Hillary try to make voters believe she is a  victim  in this insane security risk she has subjected our entire nation to:A Daily Mail Online investigation has found that a second firm   hired to store a back-up of Clinton s secret server   was so lax in its security employees failed to change passwords frequently and left computers logged in, unattended for extended periods and its own clients stumbled upon other clients data.Datto Inc, the company in question, was hired to store Hillary s emails by Platte River, the mom-and-pop company contracted to maintain her  homebrew  email system.Speaking exclusively to Daily Mail Online on condition of anonymity, one former employee at Datto, said the company was woefully exposed to being hacked. If you re talking about high-level data security, at the political, presidential level, the security level of data [at Datto] hired by Platte River, was nowhere near something that could have been protected from a good hacker that knows how to spread out their points at which to infiltrate,  he said.The emails emails, 30,000 of which Clinton deleted, are now part of an FBI investigation into her handling of classified material while she was Secretary of State.A total of 22 have been deemed to contain top secret material   out of 2,075 found to contain classified material   and questions have mounted about whether her account was successfully hacked, which the Clinton campaign claims did not happen.The existence of the emails only came to light because of a House investigation into the deaths of four American in an Islamist attack on the mission in Benghazi, Libya, on September 11 2012.The probe concluded this week with an excoriating report by the majority Republican members of the committee, who accused her of  shameful  conduct with her secret email account.Clinton dismissed the report, saying it was time to  move on  and went to California to launch her policies on the tech industry.But now it can be disclosed that Datto Inc is accused of major security failings by people who worked for it and also those who used its services.The failings included allegations that security was so lax that customers warned the firm they had stumbled on other clients  data; that in 2010, the company s internal servers were hacked; and that staff were not required to regularly change passwords, seen as a basic requirement for keeping systems secure.Staff computers   which had access to servers holding confidential client information   were left logged in while unoccupied for extended periods of time, whistleblowers said.And Datto headquarters were easily accessible and had no security guards on their floor, while employees opened and held doors open for others which should only have been accessible with a security pass.A longtime Datto partner, Marc Tamarin, told Daily Mail Online:  Those guys were really morons. They weren t qualified to handle our back-up and that was the biggest concern for us. The former employee speaking exclusively to Daily Mail Online on condition of anonymity, spent three years at Datto, and said the company was woefully exposed to being hacked. It s not something that Datto was focused on. It was more about getting the data off-site quickly and cost-effectively than securing the data and keeping it from being hacked. There s no doubt in my mind that someone could easily hack them   even today. Datto was named last October as the second data storage company to be investigated by the FBI over what threat Clinton s server posed to national security.One of the Datto insiders told Daily Mail Online that around 2010, the startup had its internal network hacked, leading to the authorities being called. Via: Daily Mail ",0
13603,THE SH*T SHOW CONTINUES: MICHELLE OBAMA Slips In A Pro-Choice Promo In Heavily Catholic Spain,"The Michelle Obama entourage moved on from Morocco to Spain where Mooch proceeded to lecture the Spanish people on how to have children and how to raise them. Classless! First lady Michelle Obama slipped in a pro-choice message Thursday while promoting equality for girls in heavily Catholic Spain, giving advice on how to raise children  if you choose to have them.  Speaking to hundreds of young girls and women in Madrid, Mrs. Obama urged her audience to change  inequalities in our cultures  that hold back women in their daily lives.  You can start with how you raise your own children if you choose to have them,  Mrs. Obama said.  Maybe it means telling your sons that it s OK to cry, and your daughters that it s OK to be bossy.  The first lady is wrapping up a tour of Liberia, Morocco and Spain to promote her  Let Girls Learn  initiative, which has a goal of providing access to education for 62 million girls worldwide. She was joined at the event in Madrid by Queen Letizia. Referring to historical progress for women in the U.S., Mrs. Obama referred to Hillary Clinton, saying,  I m proud to say that this year, for the first time in history, we might just elect a president   a female president of the United States.  Read more: Washington Times",0
13604,WHY AG LYNCH Should Recuse Herself From Clinton E-mail Probe ASAP! [Video],INFLUENCE PEDDLING is what the Clintons do and this time it could (hopefully) have consequences. ,0
13605,HATEFUL AND ANGRY OBAMA Tries To Bash Trump In Front Of Canadian Parliament…Real Classy BO!,Thin skinned Obama just made an ass of himself! Everyone with half a brain knows Trump is right! ,0
13606,OBAMA ATTEMPTS TO ENERGIZE Zombie Democrat Base By Reminding Them He Used To Hate Hillary Too,"If the Democrat voters don t care if they re voting for a woman who is under criminal investigation after putting our national security at risk, or that she will bring her husband, a serial sexual assaulter who was previously impeached after lying about having sex with an intern in our White House, why would they care if Obama once despised her? Concerned that Hillary Clinton is still struggling to generate excitement, President Barack Obama is preparing to campaign for her by reminding voters there was a time he didn t like her so much, but he came around   and they should too.That s the only way, Obama and aides working with him think, that she ll have the positive mandate she ll need to govern. Winning the White House by just not being Trump won t help win House and Senate races, and it won t give her the support she needs if and when she s the new president, trying to keep the public and Congress behind her agenda.Watch Bob Hope give a brilliant description of Democrats here: You want people to feel as passionate about Hillary Clinton being president as they do about stopping Donald Trump. If this isn t a close race, it s still going to matter a great deal for her presidency,  said David Plouffe, Obama s 2008 campaign manager and now an outside political adviser to both the president and the campaign.  That s one place where we need to see some improvement, on the intensity side of the Clinton question.  That imperative will define Obama s message when he hits the trail for his rescheduled joint rally with Clinton, which will take place in Charlotte, North Carolina, on July 5. He can make the case as the highest profile convert to be her supporter,  said White House communications director Jen Psaki. Via: Politico",0
13607,MUST WATCH VIDEO! HERE’S THE MOST IMPORTANT AND DANGEROUS Thing Obama And Clinton Have In Common,Politics before anything else   that s what Obama and Clinton have in common. Putting American safety before politics is what these people were supposed to do but they didn t. Shameful! ,0
13608,OBAMA IS OFF HIS ROCKER: Here’s What He Said About People Who Drive SUV’s [Video],Obama is off his rocker! He went on a rant about Donald Trump and now he s scolding owners of SUV s! ,0
13609,BOOM! MEXICAN AMERICAN TRUMP Supporter Explains Difference Between ILLEGAL And LEGAL Citizens: “She (Hillary) Is A Criminal” [VIDEO]," Let me tell you something Donald Trump is not a racist. He has never said anything racist about Mexicans, Hispanics, blacks or anybody for that matter. He has been talking about ILLEGAL immigration which is very different from LEGAL immigration. https://twitter.com/immigrant4trump/status/747843325357481984",0
13610,BUSTED! MEDIA Caught Red-Handed Trying To Demoralize Trump Supporters With Phony Polls,"In their desire to push Hillary Clinton across the finish line, the mainstream media and RINO pundits continue to ignore that one little important factoid; like the massive turnout for Trump in almost every state during the primaries. They also intentionally ignore the parallels between Ronald Reagan and Donald J. Trump going into the general election. Most Americans however, are unaware of the tricks our media plays so it s up to us to make sure we share these facts and inform friends, family, neighbors and co-workers about the truth. A new Reuters poll has many Republicans worried about the outcome of the 2016 presidential race and many on the Democratic side ready to pop the champaign corks.The poll shows presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton leading by a shocking 14 percent over her Republican rival Donald Trump: 47 percent to 33 percent.Unfortunately there s one problem with the poll. It is heavily skewed.The Gateway Pundit reports that of Reuters  1,201 respondents, 626 were Democrats and only 423 were Republicans.In other words, 52 percent of Reuter s respondents were Democrats and only 35 percent were Republican a huge 33% advantage for Democrats!According to AllenBWest.com, Reuters isn t the only misleading presidential poll. A new ABC News/ Washington Post survey found voters preferred Hillary 51 percent to 39 percent. In that sample, 36 percent of respondents were Democrats and only 24 percent were Republicans.The skewed polls are made less believable by the fact that Republican turnout in 2016 is likely to be higher than in previous years. As NPR noted in March, Republicans far outstripped Democrats in primary turnout, due in part to the insurgent nature of the Donald Trump candidacy.  Hannity.comIt s not just the leftist media who is beating the drum of doom for Trump, while (falsely) pushing the narrative that he can t beat Crooked Hillary in the general election.  FLASHBACK: You hear the establishment types talk about it nearly every day on the FOX News Channel.For his part, Donald Trump says he has not  even started  on Hillary Clinton.The elites also worried about Ronald Reagan s chances back in March 1980. Ronald Reagan was down 15 points in the polls in March. Here is the map showing how many states he won in the general election compared to Jimmy Carter who was polling at 15 points ahead of Trump:The CSMonitor reported, via Free Republic:The nation s Republicans are working against the clock to answer two key questions: Can conservative Ronald Reagan possibly attract enough independent and Democratic votes to win in November?An if he is likely to lose, has former President Gerald Ford time enough to challenge him for the GOP nomination?The consensus among political experts is that time has probably already run out for Gerald Ford, though he still appears the stronger choice to beat Jimmy Carter in November.But some experts caution: Don t count Ronald Reagan out as a national candidate for the fall. He is not, they say,  a McGovern or a Goldwater    fringe candidates who led their parties to one-sided defeats in 1972 and 1964. Intellectuals don t want to take him seriously, but he does well with working-class voters. He would take the West, challenge President Carter in the South, and do well in the pivotal Midwest states like Ohio and Illinois, whose southern regions titled toward Carter in 1976, they say.Back in March 1980 the establishment the establishment said the same thing about Ronald Reagan.They said he could never defeat Jimmy Carter.He was too divisive.  Gateway PunditHere are a few inconvenient facts you won t see in the mainstream media:The Republican Party started the year with 17 bona fide candidates for President. This was more candidates than any major party in history.Trump has more wins than any other Republican or Democrat candidate in this year s race with 36. He also has more primary wins with 33 and leads all candidates in percent of overall wins and in percent of primary wins.Trump surpassed the number of delegates needed to win the Republican nomination for President a couple weeks ago.This may be more delegates than any other Republican candidate and a higher percentage of delegates than any Republican or Democrat candidate in the race.Trump received 13,406,108 votes to date in the elections according to www.thegreenpapers.com.As a result Trump has more votes than any candidate in Republican history.Trump shattered the previous record by 1.4 million votes   and that was with 17 candidates in the raceGeorge W. Bush had 12 million votes in 2000. The Republican Party also set a party record this year in pre-convention state election turnout with over 28 million votes to date which is 139% of the record high voter turnout in 2008. This increase in votes can be attributed to Donald Trump.Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
13611,"BENGHAZI HERO Slams Hillary In Pro Trump Ad Funded By NRA: “Stop Clinton, Vote Trump!” [Video]",Mark  Oz  Geist makes a powerful ad against Hillary and in support of Trump for president. You ll like this one! Here s Geist in another NRA commercial: ,0
13612,“TROUBLING ANSWER” To Rescue Effort During Benghazi Attack Explained In This Fantastic Video,This Benghazi timeline by Rep Roskam explains the big question of rescue efforts: ,0
13613,Will Americans Free Themselves From The Slavery Of The Democrat Party…Or Will We Wait Until It’s Too Late? WATCH: “The Peasants Are Revolting”,"Our good friend Joe Dan Gorman has done it again! He s put together an awesome video that explains the Brexit and the parallels between the UK s exit from the EU and our Independence from Britain. Sit back and enjoy Joe Dan s one-of-a-kind humor, as he puts the state of our political mayhem in perspective like only Joe Dan can Via: INTELLECTUAL FROGLEGSIntellectual Froglegs is 100% funded by viewer donations. Please click HERE to donate. ",0
13614,AWESOME! UK LEADER: Nothing on Earth could ever persuade me to support Hillary Clinton! [Video], ,0
13615,SHOCKING PHYSICAL ABUSE REVEALED: Former Secret Service Agent Says Agents Faced Predicament About How To Protect Bill From Physical Violence By Hillary [VIDEO],"Trump was 100% correct when he said,  Hillary doesn t have the temperament to become President. Gary Byrne, author of  Crisis Of Character  tells Sean Hannity about the unusual position Hillary put the Secret Service in by having to protect Bill from Hillary s violent behavior. He also spills the beans about the phony front Hillary puts on for the cameras.WATCH his shocking story here:",0
13616,WOW! STATE DEPARTMENT Lies Again About The Big Lie That The Benghazi Attack Was Caused By A Video,Watch this State Department spokesperson tap dance around the big lie that the Benghazi attack was caused by a video. These people are evil! ,0
13617,CHARLIE DANIELS Rips Hollywood On Gun Control Efforts: “They don’t know anything about guns”,"Charlie Daniels has been a voice of reason during the 8 looong years of Obama. He is full of common sense and patriotism. He  gets  America! When it comes to gun rights he stand up and is unafraid to speak out. Here s his fearless attempt to tell the truth about a recent Billboard gun control push: Country music legend Charlie Daniels dismissed Billboard s recent gun control push as a  farce  and said the musicians who signed the publication s letter to Congress  don t know anything about guns. 200 musicians    Jackson Browne, Cher, Billy Joel, John Mellencamp, and Barbara Streisand   all signed Billboard s letter demanding Congress take action on gun control in the wake of the Orlando terror attack. Daniels did not hesitant to assure fans that he strongly opposes the letter and the political agenda behind it.In an interview with FOX411, Daniels said:This is the biggest farce going on. It s just political. I don t give a damn who signed that thing on Billboard. They don t shoot guns. They don t know anything about [guns]. What they do know is what they think is the popular opinion and I guarantee you, Orlando is just one guy. Wait until there are five or six of them.HERE S CHARLIE DANIELS ON THE ORLANDO TERROR ATTACK:I fear that the recent attack on the nightclub in Orlando, Florida signals a new direction in America s struggle with radical Islamic terror, and something that our president has neither the stomach nor the motivation to deal with.The lone wolf method of terror requires neither a trip abroad to an ISIS training camp nor extensive instruction about how to build and detonate sophisticated explosive devices. It just requires a martyr mentality, an adequate weapon and the willingness to commit mass murder.Our president s first reaction is, of course, more gun control, as if passing more gun laws that would effect only the law abiding citizens would actually take the guns out of the hands of the terrorists. Dream on, Mr. President.Omar Mateen should have never been able to purchase a gun and if the government agencies that are supposed to protect us from such things had not grown so politically correct, he would not have been able to purchase one legally.He had been on the FBI s radar not once but twice and because they could find no concrete evidence to charge him, they had to drop him from the list, something that should never have happened, not when it comes to terrorism, because where there is smoke there is fire, or at least is likely to be at some time in the future and is at least worth keeping a running tally of anyone suspected of being involved in terrorist activity.One has to look no farther than Chicago, a city with the toughest gun laws in the nation, where all the guns are owned by the bad guys, where law abiding citizen cannot even own one for protection, yet the gun violence statistics are outrageous and getting worse every day.Shot and killed so far this year 266Wounded by gunshot this year 1,477Total homicides 297You could say that Chicago is a microcosm of what the whole country would be like if the anti-gun crowd had their way and took away everybody s guns; families defending themselves against assault rifles with sticks and rocks.The awful truth is that the new mode of terrorism is basically urban warfare and now that ISIS has officially declared war on the Western World and we re left with a president whose weapon of choice is a bunch of placating slogans and a worn out old olive branch, it s more important than ever for Americans to bear at least some of the responsibility for defending themselves and their families.To listen to the media one would think that there were no gun laws at all in this country while there are enough laws in place to paper the south wall of the Grand Canyon and buying a gun legally requires filling out long forms and background checks, and let s not forget, the strict gun laws in Paris did nothing to prevent 89 people from being gunned down by terrorists in a theater late last year. .And therein lies the problem, most terrorists, gang members and various and sundry other criminals don t even try to buy their guns legally, they buy weapons out of the trunk of a car or a room in some cheap hotel, no background checks, no paper work, no way to prove that the gun is in their possession.Does anybody in their right mind not believe that if local police forces would actually have the backing and the protection of City Hall and have their parameters widened that they could not take the troublemakers and their illegal guns off the street?But all it takes is a look at the recent happenings in Baltimore to see why police are reticent to take that route.Is there anybody who thinks that given the go ahead and the backing of the White House and Congress that our federal agencies could not identify and arrest illegal gun dealers and root out terrorist cells and individuals.Of course it would take profiling, going into neighborhoods and places of worship or wherever the trail leads and Obama had rather see the Mississippi River dry up than to allow that. But I predict the day will come when the American public will have enough and go against presidents, the ACLU and every other obstacle that stands in the way of their protection.If Obama really wanted to do something about the distribution of illegal guns he would unseal the records on Fast and Furious and make Eric Holder stand trial.Then he would make it his business to clean up Chicago and all the other American cities where thugs with illegally purchased guns make life dangerous for decent folk.A little cowboy logic would work wonders in this white house, identify the real problem and rip it out by the roots.Pray for our troops and the peace of Jerusalem.What do you think?God Bless AmericaCharlie DanielsDaniels is pointing out something that all gun owners must recognize   the gun control push that followed Orlando was nothing compared to the push that will come after five or six Orlando-style attacks.In November 2015, Breitbart News warned readers that Democrats and their surrogates in the media   including those in Hollywood   would use the aftermath of Paris-style attacks in the U.S. to justify any number of gun controls, including expanded background checks, the abolition of private gun sales and licensing requirements for gun owners. We got a taste of this in the last nine days but, as Daniels points out, more is to come if musicians and celebrities continue to view gun control as a way to be part of  popular opinion. Daniels stressed that the knee-jerk reach for more gun control is all wrong. He said musicians who react this way should also react to drunk driving by seeking to ban cars instead of drunk drivers, if they want to be consistent.He put it this way:  It s like taking cars away to stop car wrecks. It s the drunk drivers that are the problem. You ll clean it up by taking the bad drivers off of the road. Via: Breitbart",0
13618,"LONDON’S MUSLIM MAYOR DEMANDS MORE POWER: “On behalf of all Londoners, I am demanding more autonomy for the capital – right now”","This is the same Muslim mayor who recently banned  sexy women  from advertisements in London Sadiq Khan today called for London to  take back control  of its own destiny in the aftermath of the EU referendum.The Mayor issued a demand for more tax-raising powers  right now  as well as far-reaching command of public services.His devolution wish-list stopped short of calling for London, the only English region to vote to stay within the EU, as a city-state.But he stressed the extra powers would be necessary to protect the capital s economy, jobs and prosperity from the uncertainty of Brexit ahead.They include greater financial autonomy, as well as wide-ranging control over business and skills, housing and planning, transport, health and criminal justice.It comes as a petition calling on the Mayor to declare London independent hit more than 170,000 signatures in just three days. Via: Evening Standard Sadiq Khan today urged Londoners to  stand guard  against hate crime following Britain s decision to withdraw from the European Union.The Mayor joined Metropolitan Police Commissioner Bernard Hogan-Howe to warn there would be a  zero tolerance  approach to xenophobic attacks.City Hall aides said Mr Khan was  very concerned  about reports of racial tension after the Brexit vote highlighted disagreements about immigration.",0
13619,WATCH TREY GOWDY Crush The Lying Media During Benghazi Report Press Conference [Video],This is awesome! I watched the entire press conference and Gowdy just nails the lame stream media! ,0
13620,HYPOCRITE HILLARY Shows At The Gay Pride Parade But Takes Millions From Gay Murdering Nations [Video],Isn t this just the height of hypocrisy? Hillary Clinton shows at the NY gay pride event but takes millions from Middle Eastern countries that throw gays off of buildings. ,0
13621,CROWD OF GERMAN PATRIOTS Greets Merkel Shouting “TRAITOR!”,Merkel was booed by residents of Saxony who re 100% FED Up! with her open borders policy sound familiar? ,0
13622,BARACK OBAMA SHOWS HE’S SERIOUS About Fighting Terrorism…Releases Osama Bin Laden’s Bodyguard From Gitmo,"Obama doing what Obama does best putting radical Muslims who are a serious threat to our national security back on the battlefield against America The Obama administration has released from the Guantanamo Bay prison an al Qaeda terrorist who served as terror mastermind Osama Bin Laden s personal bodyguard, according to an announcement by the Defense Department.Abdel Malik Ahmed Abdel Wahab Al Rahabi, a top terror operative who had planned to participate in the 9/11 attacks and who received training to be a suicide bomber, was freed from Gitmo and transferred to Montenegro.Al Rahabi is just the latest accused terrorist to be released from prison by the Obama administration as it pursues an end-of-administration effort to clear out Gitmo and shut it down.The release was condemned by some in Congress who have opposed the administration s efforts to shutter Gitmo. The administration is playing Russian roulette with America s safety by releasing 9/11-plotter Abdel Malik Ahmed Abdel Wahab Al Rahabi from Gitmo,  Sen. Mark Kirk (R., Ill.) said in a statement.  Rehab s transfer abroad is all the more alarming after terrorist Ibrahim al-Qosi resurfaced in December 2015 in the Arabian Peninsula as the top recruiter for al Qaeda after being transferred from Gitmo to Sudan.  Via: WFB",0
13623,JUDGE JEANINE PIRRO: “We’re tired of being lectured to by the fat cats in Washington” [Video],Next stop after BREXIT is the US! Judge Jeanine nails it and says we need to know the facts to fight this elitist agenda. We re  tired of being lectured to by the fat cats in Washington . ,0
13624,TRUMP CAMPAIGN MANAGER Nails Interview With Left-Wing Political Hack Chuck Todd [Video],Trump s new campaign manager took on Chuck Todd and nailed his interview calling Clinton a globalist and connecting the dots to BREXIT. GREAT JOB PAUL MANAFORT! ,0
13625,"BOOM! TED CRUZ Will Conduct Hearing TODAY: Focusing On Muslim Brotherhood, CAIR And Obama Regime’s Cover-ups, “WILLFUL BLINDNESS” To Radical Islam","Ted Cruz has no interest in playing  Mr Nice Guy  with Obama or his willing accomplices in the FBI, DHS or his DOJ It s been over a week since the largest terror attack on American soil in 15 years, yet nobody in Congress has successfully steered the discussion to the actual source of our perilous security situation. The Obama administration is covering up all connections of the Orlando shooter to known Islamic terrorists with the help of the Muslim Brotherhood advising DHS and the FBI. Yet, all Republicans and Democrats want to discuss is guns. That is about to change.On Tuesday, June 28, Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX), who chairs the Judiciary Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Action, Federal Rights and Federal Courts, will conduct a hearing investigating the willful blindness on the part of the relevant law enforcement agencies to domestic Islamic terror networks. The subject of the hearing is  Willful Blindness: Consequences of Agency Efforts To Deemphasize Radical Islam in Combating Terrorism. Senators on the committee now have an opportunity to expose the Muslim Brotherhood influence within DHS and the FBI, their invidious  Countering Violent Extremism  Agenda, and their hand in covering up counter-terrorism investigations.Senator Cruz hinted at the agenda he plans to pursue at this hearing in an op-ed for Conservative Review earlier this week:President Obama s politically correct reluctance to attribute the terrorist threat we face with radical Islam hobbles our ability to combat it by discouraging counterterrorism agents from taking radical Islam into account when evaluating potential threats. The examples of Fort Hood, Boston, San Bernardino, and Orlando demonstrate the harmful consequences of this administration s willful blindness.Just yesterday, Attorney General Loretta Lynch announced at a press conference that the motives of the Orlando jihadist might never be known and that  our most effective response to terror is unity and love.  This comes on the heels of the government s attempt to redact any mention of Islamic rhetoric in the 911 call and DHS releasing another internal document scrubbing all references to Islamic terror. Just this week, the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR), a front group for Hamas, was allowed to sit in on FBI interviews with members of the Fort Pierce mosque. The FBI was supposed to cut ties with CAIR, and DOJ was supposed to prosecute them in 2009 following the Holy Land Foundation trial, in which CAIR was implicated as a co-conspirator, yet they are granted full access to FBI counter-terrorism investigations. How can Republicans let this stand for one day? Worse, they are validating the Democrat premise by obsequiously holding vote after vote on the non sequitur of gun control while our own government is willfully allowing Islamic terrorist sympathizers to operate freely within DHS and sabotage all investigations that would have prevented these attacks.This hearing will likely focus on which figures within the federal government worked to squelch any research connecting the dots between local Muslim Brotherhood officials, these individual terrorists, and foreign terror networks. Senators on the committee now have an opportunity to expose the Muslim Brotherhood influence within DHS and the FBI, their invidious  Countering Violent Extremism  Agenda, and their hand in covering up counter-terrorism investigations. They can demonstrate how the federal government has hamstrung local law enforcement by refusing to cooperate and share information regarding jihadists living in their communities.Most importantly, this is the first opportunity to finally change the narrative from the false discussion about guns, which has nothing to do with Islamic Jihad. Hopefully, this committee hearing will be the beginning of a concerted effort for the legislative branch to actually engage in some critical oversight of the perfidious actions within the top echelons of federal law enforcement. The fact that GOP leaders in the House and Senate are not pushing multiple hearings and legislation dealing with this issue is scandalous, but unfortunately, not unexpected. Via: Conservative Review ",0
13626,Obama’s “CLOCK BOY” Comes Back To Texas…After Spending 9 Months Doing THIS…,"After 9 Months Of Hard-Core Islam Muslim  Clock Boy  Returns To TX Still Plans To Sue State He  Misses  For $15 MILLIONCAIR s poster child for how to use Islam to get everything you want in politically correct America comes home Obama boot camp?Ahmed Mohamed, the teen known as  Clock Boy,  may be back in Texas within days. After nine months of living in his new homeland, Qatar, he reportedly feels homesick. Late Friday, the Dallas Morning News reported Mohamed plans to return to Texas early in the week for an extended visit. The teen s uncle, Aldean Mohamed, said:  He miss[es] Texas, and he miss[es] Irving. Breitbart Texas reported on Ahmed Mohamed s earlier yearnings to return to the Lone Star State in December. The uncle also indicated his nephew will catch up with family in the Dallas suburb of Irving and has events lined up with some tech companies. The Dallas newspaper did not disclose any information with whom the teen will meet.Ahmed Mohamed was the 14-year-old Irving Independent School District high school freshman detained last September for bringing to class a makeshift clock-in-a-box which school officials and police initially believed was a  hoax bomb.  No charges were filed once the situation sorted itself out, but the teen served three days of suspension before his family decided to withdraw him from the school district.A subsequent media firestorm ensued in which mainstream news outlets insisted  Islamophobia  was behind Mohamed s detainment. Breitbart Texas maintained it was the result of rigid public school zero tolerance policies and a month later, the Associated Press agreed.Last October, Mohamed accepted a fully-funded education scholarship from the Qatar Foundation, an organization with reputed ties to the Muslim Brotherhood, over an invitation to the one of the world s most prestigious private research universities, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). This year, MIT ranked #1 across twelve fields of study with other disciplines placing in the Top Five internationally.Fueled by the progressive narrative of victimization, Mohamed traveled to Google s Northern California headquarters, toured the Qatari educational system he now attends, made a Saudi-funded pilgrimage to Mecca, rubbed shoulders with Sudanese Islamic autocrat Bashir, appeared in a Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) promo video with Executive Director Nihad Awad, a supporter of the Palestinian terrorist group Hamas, and attended CAIR s 2015  Champions for Justice  gala in Arlington, VA. Then, Mohamed visited the White House for Astronomy Night where he met President Obama alongside other invited students.Previously, the Commander-in-Chief tweeted the teen should bring his  cool clock  with him but that was not possible. The family did not retrieve it until late October despite the Irving Police Department s requests for them to do so a month earlier.While in Washington, D.C., Uncle Aldean, Ahmed, and his father Mohamed Elhassen Mohamed rallied with uber-left California U.S. Rep. Mike Honda, who pushed for a DOJ probe into the Irving school district and police department regarding the legality of the teen s detainment.TIME Magazine listed Mohamed on their 30 Most Influential Teens of 2015; yet, by December, with the Christmas season shrouded by Islamic State attacks in Paris, State Department travel alerts, and Syrian refugees at U.S. borders, sympathy waned for the Islamophobia poster child. Breitbart News reported that the same liberal media that championed Mohamed s every move, lost interest.According to the Dallas Morning News, Uncle Aldean Mohamed said the family still plans to sue the Irving ISD over Ahmed s arrest. After they left for Qatar, the Mohamed family demanded a total of $15 million   $10 million from the City of Irving and $5 million from the school district   and threatened a lawsuit if they did not receive it. In a 10-page letter to the Irving City Attorney and a similar 9-page letter to Irving ISD s attorney, the family claimed  Islamophobia  among their clock related incident allegations. Via: Bretibart News",0
13627,ICELAND’S STUNNING ELECTION OF ANTI-ESTABLISHMENT Political Novice Should Have Hillary Shaking In Her Pants Suit,"The anti-establishment tide is rolling across Europe. You really can t blame the citizens for being furious at their leaders for allowing the invasion of Muslim immigrants into their hometowns and major cities. If this sentiment catches fire in America this summer, it will not likely bode well for Crooked Hillary at the polls in November, given that Trump is the ultimate non-establishment politician History professor Gudni Johannesson won Iceland s presidential election after riding a wave of anti-establishment sentiment, final results showed Sunday, although the vote was eclipsed by the country s eagerly-anticipated Euro football match.The political newcomer, who won with 39.1 percent of votes, was trailed by businesswoman Halla Tomasdottir, also without party affiliation, who took 29.4 percent, according to results announced on public television channel RUV.Johannesson only decided to run for the presidency after the so-called Panama Papers leak in April which detailed offshore accounts and implicated several senior Icelandic politicians, including the prime minister who was forced to resign.Throughout the campaign, Johannesson emphasised his non-partisan vision of the presidency, and vowed to restore faith in the political system after years of public anger toward politicians over scandals and financial woes.The victory was especially sweet for the history professor and political commentator, who has never held public office and has no party affiliation, as he celebrated his 48th birthday Sunday.David Oddsson, a former conservative prime minister who had been Johannesson s closest rival throughout most of the campaign, garnered just 13 percent of votes. The representative of the old era  has been rejected, people are looking to the future,  University of Akureyri political science professor Gretar Eythorsson told AFP.The president in Iceland holds a largely ceremonial position. More important legislative elections are due in the autumn.But the outrage that fuelled mass street protests in April and led to ousting of premier Sigmundur David Gunnlaugsson appeared to have dissipated somewhat as euphoria erupted over the Icelandic football squad achieving a historic feat in the Euro 2016 football tournament.A North Atlantic island of just 334,000 people, Iceland beat Austria 2-1 on Wednesday to qualify for the last 16 in its first major international competition, and will face off against England on Monday.Britain s vote to leave the European Union also headlined the news on the eve of the election in Iceland, which itself had applied for EU membership in 2009 after suffering a devastating financial crisis in 2008, but abandoned the bid six years later.Like most of Iceland s voters, Johannesson is opposed to EU membership. Via: Yahoo News",0
13628,"UN OFFICIAL TIED TO CLINTONS Set To Face Trial, Found With Throat CRUSHED By Barbell…UN Claims Heart Attack Is Cause Of Death","Vince Foster Part II?The death by barbell of disgraced UN official John Ashe could become a bigger obsession for conspiracy theorists than Vince Foster s 1993 suicide.Ashe   who was facing trial for tax fraud   died Wednesday afternoon in his house in Westchester County. The UN said he d had a heart attack. But the local Dobbs Ferry police said Thursday that his throat had been crushed, presumably by a barbell he dropped while pumping iron.Ashe was due in court Monday with his Chinese businessman co-defendant Ng Lap Seng, who is charged with smuggling $4.5 million into the US since 2013 and lying that it was to buy art and casino chips.Ng was identified in a 1998 Senate report as the source of hundreds of thousands of dollars illegally funneled through an Arkansas restaurant owner, Charlie Trie, to the Democratic National Committee during the Clinton administration. (Ng was not charged with any crime.)Ng and Trie had visited the White House several times for Democratic fund-raising events and were photographed with then-President Bill Clinton and First Lady Hillary Clinton.One source told me,  During the trial, the prosecutors would have linked Ashe to the Clinton bagman Ng. It would have been very embarrassing. His death was conveniently timed.  Via: NYP",0
13629,WATCH: BEST DESCRIPTION OF UK BREXIT YET…Conservatives Will Stand Up And Cheer!,Take note America ,0
13630,TREY GOWDY Embarrasses Gun-Grabbing Obama Official In Brilliant “Gotcha” Moment [VIDEO],"Why is explaining our Constitution to liberals is like explaining algebra to a two year old? Shouldn t government officials who are being paid by We The Taxpayer have a basic understanding of how our Constitution and the basic rights it affords US citizens?The Left, from the White House on down, has scrambled to make the horrific Islamic terrorist attack on the LBGT community in Orlando, which left 49 innocents dead and injured 53 others, all about gun control and those evil Christians.Honing in on their indictment of the gun, the Left has exploited the tragedy in effort to pass anti-American gun legislation, much like Senator Dianne Feinstein s proposed (and failed) measure to ban those who have been named on the terror watchlist within the last five years from their Second Amendment right to purchase a firearm.No due process necessary; and not to mention, the terror watchlist is a train-wreck: naming journalists, politicians, cub scouts and  right wing extremists  to their list of  suspects. In light of this push, South Carolina representative Trey Gowdy re-upped his complete domination of the issue to his Facebook page. Can you name another constitutional right that is chilled until we find out it is chilled, and then we have to petition the government to get it back? Is there another constitutional right we treat the same way for American citizens as we do the second amendment?  wrote Gowdy, captioning the video.WATCH video Gowdy posted on his Facebook page here: What process is currently afforded an American citizen before they go on that list?  asked Gowdy.After being told that  there isn t one,  but, rather, only a process to petition to get off the list after finding out that one has been put on it,  Gowdy pushed back. Hard. I m actually talking about due process, which is a phrase we find in the Constitution.  he quipped,  that you cannot deprive people of certain things without due process. He continued hammering the liberal:  Can you name another constitutional right that is chilled until we find out it is chilled, and then we have to petition the government to get it back?  he asked.  Is that true with the First Amendment? Without a coherent rejoinder to him, Gowdy persisted: If we re  fine with doing it with the Second Amendment, how about the First? How about we not let them set up a website or a Goggle account? How about we not let them join a church until they can petition the government to get off the list. How about not getting a lawyer? How about the Sixth Amendment? How about you can t get a lawyer until you petition the government to get off the list? Or my favorite: How about the Eighth Amendment? We are going to subject you to cruel and unusual punishment until you petition the government to get off the list? Is there another constitutional right that we treat the same way, for American citizens, that we do for the Second Amendment?  he asked. Via: Daily WireTrey Gowdy asks another brilliant question every one of our gun-grabbing legislators should have to answer:",0
13631,OBAMA’S NEW AND “IMPROVED” FBI Offers HUGE Reward For Anyone Who Can Help Frame White Cop In Black THUG Shooting,"No evidence No worries Obama s got this one. Meanwhile, the Democrat Party s presidential nominee would already be in jail if King Obama wasn t stalling the investigation In case you needed more evidence that Obama s Justice Department is more interested in proving white people are racists than actually fighting crime, here it is: The FBI is offering a huge reward for anyone that can help them frame a white police officer who killed an armed black criminal in a completely justified shooting.Last week, a white Mobile, AL police officer shot and killed Michael Moore during a traffic stop. I know what you are thinking, no, not fat white liberal gasbag Michael Moore, this was black criminal Michael Moore.On June 13th, Officer Harold Hurst with the Mobile PD was on his way to work when he observed a white Lexus make a dangerous left turn into traffic, almost causing an accident. The officer pulled the vehicle over that was being driven by Michael Moore, with two additional passengers. The ID Moore gave was fake and the car was stolen.Officer Hurst called for back up and asked Moore to step out of the car. The officer observed a .40 caliber handgun in Moore s waistband and ordered him to put his hands up. Instead, Moore reached for the gun so Hurst had no choice but to shoot. On the ground, Moore was still trying to get to the gun in his pants and the officer fired another round. Moore was taken to the hospital where he died.Police recovered a gun from Moore s body and one of the passengers in the car confirmed that he had a gun on him at the time of the shooting. This is as cut-and-dry of a justifiable police shooting as you will ever find, but not everyone sees it that way. Moore s family and local black activists insist this was a murder and accuse the police of a cover up.Because any time black people complain about something, no matter how little evidence there is to support their claims, the feds come running. The FBI and the US Attorney s Office have launched an investigation based on one little weird thing.Officer Hurst was on his way to work and had yet to report for duty. As such, he didn t have his body cam on and didn t capture the deadly confrontation. The feds figure this must be evidence that the officer is lying, even though all evidence points to the events unfolding the way Hurst said they did.With no actual evidence, the FBI is offering a $10,000 reward to anyone who may have recorded the shooting on a cell phone according to AL.com. Seriously? There isn t any real crime going on so the feds want to spend a big wad of cash to help them build a case against a police officer who was just doing his duty? This is pathetic.Obama s Justice Department has wasted millions upon millions of dollars trying to prove how racist America is and come up with nothing. With expensive investigations into the Trayvon Martin, Michael Brown, Eric, Garner, Tamir Rice, and dozens of other black deaths yielding no fruit, the administration seems hell bent on spending as much money as possible to prove Al Sharpton is right about something.Michael Moore was driving a stolen car filled with stolen goods. He had a fake ID and a handgun, which was also stolen. A passenger in his car said Moore had the gun and made a move for it before being shot. Why are the feds even looking at this case?And let s keep in mind that this is the same FBI that didn t see a problem with Omar Mateen, the radical Islamic terrorist who killed 49 people in Orlando. Via: DownTrend",0
13632,"HILLARY SHARES PRO-ILLEGAL MANIFESTO: Plans To Open Borders, Create Taxpayer Funded Agency To Give ILLEGALS Amnesty","To hell with the common sense voter, Hillary believes she only needs Americans who are okay with living in a lawless nation to lock down the Presidency. It seems to have worked pretty well for her predecessor why not?Hillary Clinton wrote an op/ed piece for the Arizona Republic and boy is it insane. It s sort of an anti-Trump/pro-illegal alien manifesto that lays out her immigration policy if she becomes president. Two noteworthy things are that she intends to open our borders completely and establish a government agency that will spend taxpayer money to help illegal aliens become citizens.Hillary starts out with a folksy story about an illegal alien who would be deported if Donald Trump was in charge and then lashed out at the Supreme Court for ruling against Obama s amnesty executive order, calling it,  heartbreaking and unacceptable. And while our system fails to provide certainty to immigrant families, political figures like Donald Trump turn them into scapegoats for many of the challenges facing American families today. His bigotry and fear-mongering may be an attempt to divide our country and distract from his lack of real solutions to raise incomes and create good paying jobs   but it s not going to work.Let s be clear: When Trump talks about forming a  deportation force  to round up and expel 11 million immigrants   he s talking about ripping apart families Isn t that cute? Hillary wants you to think there is no difference between legal immigrants and illegal aliens. Trump has never once said he plans to round up and deport legal immigrants, just that he wants to enforce existing immigration laws.When he praises local figures like Gov. Jan Brewer and Sheriff Joe Arpaio, he s endorsing their heartless and divisive policies.How is enforcing the law a  heartless policy  as Hillary says? The only way our immigration laws are divisive is because illegal aliens don t like them.Instead of building walls, we ought to be breaking down barriers. Our country has always been stronger when we lift each other up, not tear each other down. We re stronger together.Here Hillary is obviously saying that she wants open borders, which essentially would nullify our status as an autonomous country, but there s even more garbage contained within that last statement. Illegal aliens are not Americans and therefore not part of  us.  They are citizens of another country, which makes them  not us.  They don t stand with us, they don t lift us up, and they sure as shit don t make us stronger.After proving that Hillary plans to be the leader of the third world rather than the President of the United States, she outlined ways she will make that happen.First up, amnesty beyond Obama s bullshit:That s why, as president, I ll fight for comprehensive immigration reform that includes a path to full and equal citizenship, starting in my first 100 days in office. We should do everything we can to keep families together, better integrate immigrants into their communities, and help those eligible for naturalization take the last step to citizenship.Then another bloated bureaucracy and massive waste of funds:Second, we need to increase our focus on integration and make sure that immigrants are able to thrive in American society. Let s provide more federal resources to help immigrants learn the English language skills they need to be successful. And because this issue cuts across all levels of government   local, state and federal   I ll create the first-ever Office of Immigrant Affairs at the White House to help coordinate these policies across the nation.And finally, some more government handouts designed to make instant democrats:Third, let s help the 9 million people in our country who are currently eligible for naturalization become full citizens. They work and pay taxes   yet they cannot vote or serve on juries. Let s expand fee waivers so that those seeking naturalization can get a break on the costs. And let s step up our outreach and education, because no one should miss out on the chance to be a citizen.Hillary claims that her plans will strengthen our economy by flooding the country with unskilled uneducated people who will drive down wages. I m not sure how that works and Hillary certainly didn t try to explain it.No matter what Donald Trump says, we have always been a nation of immigrants And it is long past time we helped millions of hard-working people step out of the shadows and onto a path to a brighter future.When has Trump ever denied that America was formed by immigrants? All he wants is the fairness that comes with upholding the law.If Hillary Clinton becomes president, we can pretty much kiss our country goodbye. With no border security and zero immigration enforcement, America as we know it will cease to exist.  Downtrend",0
13633,COMEDY GOLD! Clinton Gaffe While Reading Off Of The Teleprompter Is Darn Funny [Video],Hillary reads off of the teleprompter an emotion that was meant to be a sigh and not the word  sigh    too funny! ,0
13634,HOW BRITAIN Almost LOST Their Independence To Muslim Immigrants Who Voted Overwhelmingly For Globalist EU,"Are you paying attention America? Yesterday, the UK voted to leave the European Union. On referendum day, Lord Ashcroft surveyed 12,369 people after they had voted to help explain the result   who voted for which outcome, and what lay behind their decision.Lord Ashcroft polls   70% of Muslims voted to remain in the UE. This provides additional refutation of the claim made by our rulers that immigration doesn t change anything. In the Scottish referendum, a majority of people born in Scotland voted for independence; it was the votes of (first-generation) immigrants that swayed the result in favour of maintaining the United Kingdom. Now, in this second referendum, the British people as a whole might well have lost their independence because of the votes of African and Asian colonists who only arrived in their country within the last few decades. In the end, this was narrowly averted. But it shows the extent to which the demographic window is closing on the hopes for European survival.White voters voted to leave the EU by 53% to 47%. Two thirds (67%) of those describing themselves as Asian voted to remain, as did three quarters (73%) of black voters. Nearly six in ten (58%) of those describing themselves as Christian voted to leave; seven in ten Muslims voted to remain.A majority of those who backed the Conservative in 2015 voted to leave the EU (58%), as did more than 19 out of 20 UKIP supporters. Nearly two thirds of Labour and SNP voters (63% and 64%), seven in ten Liberal Democrats and three quarters of Greens, voted to remain.Nearly half (49%) of leave voters said the biggest single reason for wanting to leave the EU was  the principle that decisions about the UK should be taken in the UK . One third (33%) said the main reason was that leaving  offered the best chance for the UK to regain control over immigration and its own borders.  Just over one in eight (13%) said remaining would mean having no choice  about how the EU expanded its membership or its powers in the years ahead.  Only just over one in twenty (6%) said their main reason was that  when it comes to trade and the economy, the UK would benefit more from being outside the EU than from being part of it. A small majority of those who voted to remain think that for most children growing up today, life will be better than it was for their parents; leavers think the opposite by 61% to 39%. Leavers see more threats than opportunities to their standard of living from the way the economy and society are changing, by 71% to 29%   more than twice the margin among remainers.Nearly three quarters (73%) of remainers think life in Britain is better today than it was 30 years ago; a majority (58%) of those who voted to leave say it is worse. ",0
13635,NO KIDDING! HILLARY PANDERS TO YOUNG WOMEN By Demanding An Outrageous “Freebie”,"How is it that the woman who wants to be our president is stooping so low? Demanding free tampons for all women is probably the biggest case of pandering ever! Hopefully, young women will just LOL at this!  Menstrual activism  is the latest effort by feminists to provide freebie tampons in the name of  MENSTRUAL EQUITY . Aren t there other things to focus on? CLINTON S TWEET IS IN RESPONSE TO THIS:New York City made history today with passage of the nation s first legislative package to ensure access to menstrual products in public schools, shelters and corrections facilities.In doing so, New York has stepped out as a leader in a growing national and global movement for menstrual equity. The city s new laws acknowledge that the ability to manage menstruation falls squarely at the intersection of sound health, economic and educational policy.The need to tackle this issue is not new. While menstruation has been a taboo and  off limits  topic since Adam and Eve, around the world there are legions of activists working to raise awareness of the devastating impact caused by lack of access to affordable, safe menstrual products.PICTURED BELOW IS A  ROUNDTABLE ON MENSTRUAL HEALTH BECAUSE SUPPOSEDLY AMERICA LAGS BEHIND IN  MENSTRUAL EQUITY America has long lagged behind, but that s beginning to change. A dedicated network of activists, journalists, policy makers and others have ratcheted up national attention to the issue. Last year, menstrual activism captured so many headlines that NPR dubbed it  The Year of the Period  and Cosmopolitan proclaimed it was  the year the period went public. READ MORE: NYT",0
13636,YOU’RE FIRED! Is This Billboard Going to Bring Down House Speaker Paul Ryan?,"A successful business man has launched a political campaign against Paul Ryan. We love what he s doing even though it s unconventional. Paul Nehlen put up billboards this week that are devastating to the Republican Speaker:Following last night s historic Brexit vote, House Speaker Paul Ryan s primary challenger, Wisconsin businessman Paul Nehlen, seems to have taken a page from the playbook of the U.K. Independence Party (UKIP) with the launch of a new billboard campaign.On Friday morning, Nehlen s campaign went live with a new billboard in Ryan s hometown of Janesville, Wisconsin that is reminiscent of the distinctive UKIP-style campaign.The ad reads:  Radical Islam Kills Americans. Vote YES for Immigration Control. Vote NO for Paul Ryan. The billboard then directs viewers to Nehlen s campaign website, ElectNehlen.com.UKIP s national billboard campaign is distinctive for its clear, straight-forward manner of describing the effects of large-scale migration and its impact on workers and Western culture. Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
13637,DEM OPPOSES EBT FRAUD BILL….Busted For EBT Fraud,"An Arizona Democratic lawmaker who once voted against welfare fraud protections in her state has been indicted on felony charges of defrauding the food stamp program.According to the indictment unsealed earlier this week, state Rep. Cecilia Velasquez was charged with three felony counts: unlawful use of food stamps, fraudulent schemes and practices, and theft.The Arizona Department of Economic Security began investigating Velasquez in 2014. According to the Arizona DES, Velasquez fraudulently used $1,726 worth of food stamps between 2013 and 2015.This past February, Velasquez had voted against a bill aimed at giving the same state agency stronger anti-fraud tools   a program that could have quickly detected her alleged fraudulent activity.Arizona state Rep. Anthony Kern, who sponsored the House bill, called the indictment  sad. It is appalling that an elected official representing the people of Arizona would steal from the poor, while consistently saying she is trying to help the poor. Read more: FOX",0
13638,HILLARY ALINSKY IS NEXT: How POPULIST Movement Is Catching Fire Worldwide…GLOBALIST Movement Is On The Run [VIDEO]," It s always the will of the people ultimately that wins out    Trump The vote to Brexit a hard-fought campaign by nationalist populists in the United Kingdom puts the world elite on their heels, as a similar but bigger and stronger such movement is brewing right here in the United States.Donald J. Trump, the presumptive 2016 GOP presidential nominee, has run a campaign so far and since winning the nomination focused squarely on the exact same issues that the Leave campaigners ran on in the United Kingdom. Uncontrolled migration, out-of-whack trade deals, national sovereignty, popular control of government, and rejection of world elites are what propelled Leave campaigners to a stunning victory in the United Kingdom. Those same issues are what has propelled Trump to a similarly shocking victory over 16 other Republican presidential candidates in the primaries, where he as Breitbart News has documented received millions more votes than anyone else who has ever won the GOP nomination has.They also set the stage for the 2016 general election. Trump has not shown a sign of backing down at all, on any of this, and in his speech earlier in the week laying out the case against Hillary Rodham Clinton the presumptive 2016 Democratic presidential nominee, his opponent in November he set the stage for this battle.Here s Trump on the UK Brexit: Everywhere I look, I see the possibilities of what our country could be. But we can t solve any of these problems by relying on the politicians who created them,  Trump said in his Tuesday address.  We will never be able to fix a rigged system by counting on the same people who rigged it in the first place. The insiders wrote the rules of the game to keep themselves in power and in the money. Throughout the speech, Trump excoriated Clinton for her ties to the world s international elite citing Peter Schweizer s Clinton Cash to detail how she and her husband, former U.S. President Bill Clinton,  used the State Department to enrich their family at America s expense. She gets rich making you poor,  Trump said of Hillary Clinton, talking directly to the voters.The matching themes of Trump s campaign, and the successful Brexit campaign in the United Kingdom, are in large part why Trump s well-timed trip to Scotland purportedly for opening a golf course with his children, but seemingly because of the Leave success makes him the captain of an international populist rejection of the world s elite.Trump seized the mantle of the movement on Friday morning in Scotland, embracing the populism that has propelled him this far and sustained him even as the most sinister and brutal of attacks come his way from inside his own party and from the other side. This is an amazing honor,  Trump said on Friday, almost taking credit for Brexit. After noting Brexit won, and by a bigger margin than pundits, analysts, and prognosticators could have ever predicted, Trump noted that the will of the public is all powerful. It s always the will of the people ultimately that wins out,  Trump said. Via: Breitbart NewsTrump was on the RIGHT side yet again. He supported the Brexit from the get-go: ",0
13639,THE “OBAMA BOUNCE”: UKIP Leader Claims Obama’s Insulting Threat To UK Voters BACKFIRED…Actually Drove Voters To Support “Leave EU” Movement,"Barack Hussein Obama has been in over his head since he first stepped foot in the White House. Our Community Organizer In Chief just found out how unwelcome his Chicago style politics are in the UK   UK Independence Party (UKIP) leader Nigel Farage told Breitbart that the visit by President Obama, where he threatened to send Britain to the  back of the queue  if the public voted to leave the European Union (EU), backfired and caused a  Brexit Bounce , swaying Britons to vote for Brexit.Comparing the outcome to the American Independence Day, Mr. Farage said: You [Americans] have your Independence Day where in July you celebrate being your own country, governing yourself, having your own courts, controlling your own borders and that s what happened to us yesterday. We have broken away from a political union where our power was being overruled, our courts were being overruled, and we had a complete open border for anybody from southern and eastern Europe, so this is a major historic step. On the EU post-Brexit, he said: We ve not just changed British history. I m sure that the EU project itself will now come tumbling down. I would like to think and hope that right across the globe what we ve done is to prove that people power can beat the establishment. The European Union project has failed. It is dying before your very eyes. It is unwanted, it is unloved, and people across the country are saying what UKIP has been saying for years:  We want our country back, we want our democracy back, we want the closest possible relationship with our neighbours. We re happy to have a NAFTA kind of agreement with free trade, but we don t want political union . Asked of any lessons drawn from his own experiences that could be applied during the American presidential elections, Mr. Farage advised: Threatening people insults their intelligence. Don t threaten people repeatedly because if you do in the end they think you re crying wolf and they won t believe you. It s Project Fear, or in the end when Obama came it was Project Threat.Citing Mr. Obama s visit to the UK at the request of Prime Minister David Cameron:The lessons learnt from the Obama visit are fascinating. Here is the most powerful man in the world coming from a country that we have always had huge regard for. And people in Britain listening to Obama said:  how dare the American president come here and tell us what to do  and it backfired.And I think we got an Obama Brexit Bounce, because people do not want to be told how to think and how to vote.  BreitbartWatch here to see how citizens reacted to Obama s threat:https://youtu.be/w-DSGtfWgegRepublican lawmakers warned US President Barack Obama his controversial intervention into the British EU referendum debate threatens to harm the  special relationship. During a visit timed to coincide with Queen Elizabeth II s 90th birthday earlier this year, Obama warned that the United States would be in no hurry to agree a bilateral trade deal with a Britain outside the EU. I think it s fair to say that maybe at some point down the line there might be a UK-US trade agreement, but it s not going to happen any time soon because our focus is in negotiating with a big bloc, the European Union, to get a trade agreement done. And the UK is going to be at the back of the queue,  he said.Obama s comments caused furore among Leave campaigners, with UK Independence Party (UKIP) leader Nigel Farage accusing Obama of  talking Britain down. Former Defense Minister Liam Fox dismissed the president s intervention, calling his views  largely irrelevant,  as he will soon be leaving the White House. Via: RT",0
13640,RACIST OBAMA BASHES WHITEY As The “Old Boys Network”…”Give Women and Minorities A Chance” [Video],OH MY GOSH! Obama bashes the  old boys network  and says they need to give women and minorities a  chance to lead . What the heck is wrong with this president? He must really detest white male Americans! Unreal! ,0
13641,BREAKING: UK PRIME MINISTER David Cameron To Step Down…UKIP Leader Nigel Barage Celebrates Political Earthquake…Donald Trump Weighs In [VIDEO],"B..b but George Soros and Barack Obama told UK voters NOT to leave the EU. Is this historic vote a sign that voters in the UK are 100% FED Up with globalists telling them what to do? David Cameron stands down as British Prime Minister after voters trigger a political earthquake   and global market panic   by backing vote to leave the European Union in historic referendum. Prime Minister David Cameron has quit as prime minister but said he would stay on for three months It is the first time in its 59-year history that any of the 28 member states have requested to leave the EU Bank of England governor moved to reassure markets after pound slumped to a 31-year low against the dollar Donald Trump arrived in Scotland and said it was  fantastic  that the British had  taken back their country Ukip leader Nigel Farage hailed it as a  victory for real people  and called it Britain s  Independence Day But Standard & Poor s has warned that the UK s AAA credit rating now looks  untenable New York-born Boris Johnson is hot favorite to take over from Cameron as prime minister in September Scotland, which voted overwhelmingly to stay in, is expected to now demand another independence referendum Irish nationalists Sinn Fein, who want to join the Republic, are also calling for a referendum in Northern IrelandBritish Prime Minister David Cameron has said he will resign as prime minister after Britain voted to leave the European Union. Mr Cameron tried to reassure businesses around the world that Britain s economy was fundamentally sound but world markets were thrown into turmoil on Friday after the final vote was announced.Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump arrived in Scotland on Friday morning and said the British people had  taken back their country , adding:  It s a fantastic thing .Later, when asked his opinion on Cameron quitting, Trump said:  Well, that s too bad. But Britain s former Prime Minister Tony Blair said Brexit would have  enormous consequences  and it was  very sad for our country, for Europe, for the world .Mr Cameron said he would stay on for three months and New York-born Boris Johnson, the former Mayor of London who led the  leave  campaign, is the hot favorite to replace him. Polls had for months suggested a close battle, although the past few days have seen some indication of momentum swinging toward the  remain  side.At a referendum night party at the London School of Economics, Kevin Featherstone, the head of the European Institute, said the vote should serve as a wake-up call to politicians across the continent. Wider Europe has got to learn the lesson about how to re-engage with ordinary publics,  he said.  We can see across Europe countries which have been   far bigger supporters of the European Union for a number of years starting to have serious doubts. But Peter Lundgren, an MEP from the far-right Sweden Democrat Party, told MailOnline:  This is the beginning of the end for the EU. So many other countries will follow the UK. Europe will fall.  Politicians in Sweden, Denmark, Italy and even Germany may come under pressure to hold referendums in the wake of Brexit.European Parliament President Martin Schulz said the EU assembly would hold an emergency session on Tuesday and Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel said that after  the blow  of Britain voting to leave, the whole European project needed a rethink.Germany s Chancellor Angela Merkel expressed  great regret  at the result, but said the EU was  strong enough  to  find the right answers  to the vote.EU President Donald Tusk, from Poland, said it was  a historic moment but for sure not a moment for hysterical reactions . Tusk, who had earlier warned that Brexit could  end Western political civilization , said on Friday:  Today on behalf of the 27 leaders, I can say that we are determined to keep our unity as 27. Merkel, Tusk, French President Francois Hollande and Italy s Matteo Renzi are planning to meet in Berlin on Monday to discuss the next step.Mr Cameron has suggested he would delay invoking Article 50   which triggers formal exit from the EU   until his successor takes over in the fall, but the EU leaders may decide they want a quick and clean break with the UK to avoid continuing instability.As results poured in, a picture emerged of a sharply divided nation: Strong pro-EU votes in London and semi-autonomous Scotland were countered by sweeping anti-Establishment sentiment for an exit across the rest of England, from southern seaside towns to rust-belt former industrial powerhouses in the north.Nigel Farage, leader of the U.K. Independence Party (UKIP), said June 23 should be considered Britain s  Independence Day . But in a remark that could prove controversial after pro-Europe MP Jo Cox was shot dead last week, Mr Farage said the country was separating from the EU  without a single bullet being fired .Via: UK Daily Mail",0
13642,BREAKING: IT’S “INDEPENDENCE DAY!”…HISTORIC UK BREXIT VOTE…UK To Leave EU Globalist Elite,"A shocking victory  53% LEAVE 47% STAYIt was at three o'clock in the morning that it became clear that Leave would win https://t.co/23HHvtL3I9  John Rentoul (@JohnRentoul) June 24, 2016Watch HERE to see the outspoken UKIP Party leader, Nigel Farage only months ago destroy EU elitist leaders, Germany s Angela Merkle and France s Francois Hollande on their willingness to open their borders to economic migrants and people who have no intention of assimilating in their countries.As results poured in, a picture emerged of a sharply divided nation: Strong pro-EU votes in the economic and cultural powerhouse of London and semi-autonomous Scotland were countered by sweeping anti-Establishment sentiment for an exit across the rest of England, from southern seaside towns to rust-belt former industrial powerhouses in the north. A lot of people s grievances are coming out and we have got to start listening to them,  said deputy Labour Party leader John McDonnell.With more than 16 million of an expected 30 million votes counted, the result was closely split, with the  leave  ahead by a few hundred thousand votes   and  remain  underperforming analysts  expectations. Few  remain  strongholds are doing better than expected,  said John Curtice, a University of Strathclyde political scientist and BBC election analyst.  There are far more places where  leave  are doing better than expected. It may be possible that the experts are going to have egg on their face later on tonight,  he said.A vote to leave the EU would destabilize the 28-nation trading bloc, created from the ashes of World War II to keep the peace in Europe. A  remain  vote would nonetheless leave Britain divided and the EU scrambling to reform.The British pound plunged to a 31-year low on Friday as results in the country s European Union referendum gave the  leave  side a small but growing lead.The figures delivered a deep shock to financial markets, overturning earlier anticipation of a narrow victory for  remain . The pound initially soared as polls closed and two opinion surveys put  remain  ahead and two leading supporters of the  leave  campaign said it appeared the pro-EU side had won.But it then suffered one of its biggest one-day falls in history, plummeting from about $1.50 to below $1.35 as results suggested a strong possibility the UK would vote to quit the bloc. As results poured in, a picture emerged of a sharply divided nation: Strong pro-EU votes in the economic and cultural powerhouse of London and semi-autonomous Scotland were countered by sweeping anti-Establishment sentiment for an exit across the rest of England, from southern seaside towns to rust-belt former industrial powerhouses in the north.Nigel Farage, leader of the UK Independence Party, has declared June 23 Britain s  Independence Day . Via: UK Daily Mail Birmingham votes to Leave. Full results: https://t.co/4hLZofNaC7 #EURef pic.twitter.com/6m86YJwgSF  BBC Election (@bbcelection) June 24, 2016 Here is a screen shot of the BBC s most recent polling results: For live updates, go here: BBC Nigel Farage had said even if the Leave campaign loses the referendum  we will win this war . Nigel Farage is a BIG winner today!The UKIP leader said Eurosceptics had been dismissed as  fringey  and  fruitcakes  in the past but would attract around 50% of votes cast.While Remain might  edge  a win, he said:  The Eurosceptic genie is out of the bottle and will not be put back .Of the EU, he said:  If we do stay part of this union it s doomed   it s finished anyway. The UK voted on Thursday in a referendum on to leave or remain part of the European Union.Outspoken UKIP Party leader Nigel Farage has won! The UK has voted to break free from the globalistVia: BBC ",0
13643,IS BEN AFFLECK DRUNK? WATCH Hollywood Leftist Who Goes Out OF His Way To Defend Islam Go Ballistic…Again,"***LANGUAGE WARNING***I admittedly (and intentionally) haven t seen too many Ben Affleck movies, but watching this rabid defender of Islam, Ben Affleck go off the rails over the  deflate gate  controversy left me wondering about this belligerent Hollywood leftist. Does Affleck typically slur his 4-letter words while appearing to be cross-eyed during interviews?Here is Affleck defending Islam in an over the top response to leftist Bill Maher s comments:",0
13644,CRITICAL! HERE’S WHY HILLARY 2016 Comes With Sharia Law And The Loss Of Free Speech [Video],"Because of what Hillary Clinton agreed to with the UN, we are at the mercy of Islam in a BIG way! If you watch and read nothing else today, THIS needs to be your focus because if Hillary is elected we go down this path in a BIGGER way! THE 10 YEAR STRATEGIC ACTION PLAN TO COMBAT THE  DEFAMATION OF ISLAM  THAT HILLARY CLINTON AGREED TO: Islamic World Tells Clinton: Defamation of Islam Must be Prevented   in AmericaThis brilliant article by Clare M. Lopez goes into much greater detail but I tried to give you the main part of the argument that Hillary is in cahoots with the OIC/UN to stifle our freedom of speech when it comes to Islam:As Secretary of State Hillary Clinton welcomes Secretary General of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu to Washington this week, it is critical that Americans pay attention to what these two leaders intend to do. From 12 to 14 December 2011, working teams from the Department of State (DoS) and the OIC are going to discuss implementation mechanisms that could impose limits on freedom of speech and expression.The OIC s purpose, as stated explicitly in its April 2011 4th Annual Report on Islamophobia, is to criminalize  incitement to hatred and violence on religious grounds.  Incitement is to be defined by applying the  test of consequences  to speech. Under this twisted perversion of falsely  yelling  fire  in a crowded theater,  it doesn t matter what someone actually says   or even whether it is true or not; if someone else commits violence and says it s because of something that person said, the speaker will be held criminally liable.The OIC is taking direct aim at free speech and expression about Islam.Last March, the State Department and Secretary Clinton insisted that  combating intolerance based on religion  can be accomplished without compromising Americans  treasured First Amendment rights. But if that were so, there would be no possible excuse for engaging at this level with an organization like the OIC that is openly dedicated to implementing Islamic law globally. This is why it is so important to pay attention not only to the present agenda, but to a series of documents leading up to it, issued by both the U.S. and the OIC. From 12 to 14 December 2011, the DoS and OIC working teams will focus on implementation mechanisms for  Resolution 16/18,  a declaration that was adopted by the U.N. Human Rights Council in April 2011.Resolution 16/18 was hailed as a victory by Clinton, because it calls on countries to combat  intolerance, negative stereotyping and stigmatization  based on religion without criminalizing free speech   except in cases of  incitement to imminent violence.  But if the criterion for determining  incitement to imminent violence  is a new  test of consequences,  then this is nothing but an invitation to stage Muslim  Days of Rage  following the slightest perceived offense by a Western blogger, instructor, or radio show guest, all of whom will be held legally liable for  causing  the destruction, possibly even if what they ve said is merely a statement of fact. The implications of such prior restraint on free speech would be chilling (which is precisely the point). Clearly, the OIC feels some sense of urgency to get the rest of the non-Muslim world, and especially the U.S., on board with these objectives.In this same document is the OIC Council of Foreign Ministers   Resolution No. 1/38-LEG On Follow Up and Coordination of Work on Human Rights,  which makes reference to the OIC s new  Independent Permanent Commission on Human Rights  and stipulates that it  shall promote the civil, political, social, and economic rights enshrined in the Organization s covenants and declarations and in universally agreed human rights instruments, in conformity with Islamic values.  [Emphasis added.] This wording alone should set off alarm bells in view of the OIC s 1990 Cairo Declaration on Human Rights in Islam (CDHRI), which explicitly declared that when the Muslim ummah (as represented by the OIC) uses the term  human rights,  what is meant is Islamic law (sharia).  Universally agreed  or not, the CDHRI was served as an official document to the U.N. Commission on Human Rights in 1993, thereby creating an established instrument of reference on the Islamic definition of  human rights. The foundational documents upon which the Muslim ummah   the OIC   now relies to undergird its sharia agenda were drafted years ago. The 1966 U.N. Commission for Human Rights International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR), which entered into force in 1976, was based firmly on the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and preceded the 1969 creation of the OIC by just a few years. The ICCPR s Articles 19 (3) and 20 nevertheless foreshadow sharia Islam s demand for restrictions on free speech in an explicit and chilling way.Clearly, the OIC is trying to exploit these international standards, as shown in its April 2011 4th Annual Report on Islamophobia posted at its online Islamophobia Observatory. Given the ICCPR s assertions, the OIC s objective has long since been entered into official U.N. language. It required only a narrowing of the focus from the generality of the ICCPR down to the OIC s exclusive interest in protecting Islam from discrimination. It also required bringing the U.S. on board with the program to enforce Islamic law on slander. With the willing participation of the Obama administration, the OIC has tackled both of these challenges. In Section 6 of the Islamophobia Report,  Conclusions and Recommendations,  the language references the OIC goal of  removing the gaps in international legal instruments  to force the non-Muslim world to comply with its plan to criminalize  slander  of Islam.Those  gaps in implementation and interpretation  refer to U.S. objections to criminalizing free speech (in violation of the First Amendment), and the  structured multilateral framework  would appear to be the agenda in Washington, D.C. from December 12 to 14 at the meeting between Clinton and OIC Secretary General Ihsanoglu. It would not be overreaching to conclude that the purpose of this meeting, at least from the OIC perspective, is to convince the Obama administration that free speech that rouses Muslim masses to fury   as defined by the  test of consequences    must be restricted under U.S. law to bring it into compliance with sharia law s dictates on slander.Clinton s own statements reflect the OIC language on the  gap  (emphasis added):  together we have begun to overcome the false divide that pits religious sensitivities against freedom of expression, and we are pursuing a new approach based on concrete steps   to use some old-fashioned techniques of peer pressure and shaming, so that people don t feel that they have the support to do what we abhor. It may be recalled that the Obama administration claimed, obviously incorrectly, that defamation was no longer part of these agreements. The language of these resolutions instead stresses  the importance of expediting the implementation process of its decision on developing a legally binding international instrument to prevent intolerance, discrimination, prejudice and hatred on the grounds of religion, and defamation of religions[.] The Department of State is not the only U.S. government agency committed to achieving compliance with the OIC s  Islamophobia  censorship agenda. The Departments of Justice and Homeland Security both have committed publicly to an overhaul of their training materials to ensure that nothing in the curriculum gives  offense  to Muslim Brotherhood affiliates such as the Islamic Society of North America (ISNA) or the Muslim Public Affairs Council (MPAC), with which both departments maintain close relationships. Instructors who previously taught the intrinsic connection among Islamic doctrine, law, and scripture and Islamic terrorism henceforth will be blacklisted by the U.S. government. As documented by the intrepid columnist and author Diana West, the Department of Defense also has made its obeisance to Islam, with troop instructions on how to handle the Qur an and avoid spitting, urinating, or sleeping with feet pointed in the direction of Mecca.Capping the administration s campaign to align U.S. national security policy within the parameters of Islamic law, the White House published  Strategic Implementation Plan for Empowering Local Partners to Prevent Violent Extremism in the United States  in December 2011. The plan makes clear that  violent extremism,  not Islamic terrorism, is the primary national security threat to the homeland. According to this  strategy,  the solution is partnership with  local communities    the term used for the administration s favored Muslim Brotherhood front groups, which already are using such relationships to silence their critics, both inside and outside government. These new rules of censorship state that the term  violent extremism  can no longer be used in combination with terms like  jihad,   Islam,   Islamist,  or  sharia.  And these new rules are already being taught to U.S. law enforcement, homeland security offices, and the military nationwide.The agenda of this week s Department of State/OIC meetings may mark an important  milestone,  as Sayyed Qutb might put it, on the pathway to sharia in America. If   under the  test of consequences    those who speak truth about Islam, sharia, and jihad may be held criminally responsible for the violent actions of those who say they find such truth  offensive,  then, in the future,  violent extremists  could be just about anyone anyone the government, in obedience to the sharia dictates of the OIC, decides they are.Further, if the rubric is to be based on this  test of consequence,  then it creates a real temptation to any administration so inclined to  create  consequences that will justify a change in America s free speech rights. By way of example, analysts have suggested that the motive for the Department of Justice s  Fast and Furious  scandal, now under congressional investigation, may have been to create a  crisis    a  consequence    caused by U.S. guns shipped across the border to Mexican drug-dealers (and used in multiple homicides, including an American Border Protection officer) to  nudge  public consensus to expand gun control laws.Even if Obama s State Department seems fully enamored with a  test of consequences  on speech critical of Islam, most Americans across the political spectrum will realize that this perverts the traditional understanding of the First Amendment. It is to be hoped that dedication to the Constitution   rather than to the OIC s definition of  slander  of Islam or the  test of consequences    will prevail among the ranks of our national leadership. Regardless of what s going on behind closed doors at the State Department this week, Americans should be aware   and outraged. An informed citizenry, as always, remains the final defense of the Republic.Clare M. Lopez is a senior fellow at the Center for Security Policy and also at The Clarion Fund.Read more: American Thinker",0
13645,BEAUTIFUL BLACK WOMAN Verbally Attacked For Wearing Trump Hat BUT She Opens Up A Can Of Woop A** [Video]," Melissa  wore her Trump hat to a coffee shop and immediately was verbally attacked. She came back with facts and a great argument for Trump. Awesome!Wearing my #MAGA hat 2 the coffee shop sparked a Trump debate.  ?Trump will Veto the #TPP #Americafirst #ImWithYou pic.twitter.com/mp1a6M2s96  Melissa (@Sweetatertot) June 23, 2016  Check her out on Twitter:https://twitter.com/Sweetatertot",0
13646,BREAKING: US SUPREME COURT RULES King Obama Overstepped Authority…Executive Amnesty For 5 MILLION ILLEGAL ALIENS/ Democrat Voters Not Going To Happen,"Don t let the door hit ya B..b..but who will beat up innocent Trump supporters? The assertion of presidential power was remarkable in scale. With the flick of a pen just before Thanksgiving in 2014, President Obama ordered that nearly five million illegal immigrants be allowed to  come out of the shadows  and work legally in the United States.Standing at the same lectern where he had announced the death of Osama bin Laden three years earlier, Mr. Obama insisted in a speech to the nation that his plan for immigrants was a fully legal response to a Republican-controlled Congress that had refused his plea for an overhaul of the nation s immigration laws.But on Thursday, the Supreme Court disagreed. In a 4-to-4 decision, the justices let stand a lower court ruling that Mr. Obama had overstepped his authority. The decision freezes the president s actions for the balance of his term, leaving the future of the program   and millions of undocumented workers   in limbo.Mr. Obama campaigned vowing to win passage of comprehensive immigration legislation in his first year in office, but the Supreme Court defeat will force him to finish his term without securing the major progress he had promised to millions of Latino immigrants living under the threat of deportation.Instead, one of the president s chief immigration legacies will be the years of increased enforcement he ordered at the border with Mexico and in immigrant communities, hoping it would lead to a compromise with Republicans. The aggressive actions of immigration agents and local law enforcement, especially during Mr. Obama s first term, angered many family members separated by raids and deportations.Mr. Obama did earn praise from Hispanics for taking action in 2012 to help the so-called Dreamers, young undocumented immigrants who had been brought to the United States as small children. Under the president s program, more than 730,000 of them received documents allowing them to work legally without constant fear that they might be sent home.Hillary Clinton, who embraced the president s executive action programs, has said she would expand them. The court s actions could complicate her ability to do that if she is elected president in the fall.But the successful legal assault on Mr. Obama s actions may also yield some political benefits for Mrs. Clinton and Democrats by helping to motivate and energize Hispanic voters who are angry with the court s decision. Activists have promised to punish Donald J. Trump and other Republicans who opposed the president s actions by registering more Hispanic voters and getting them to vote. Mr. Trump s rhetorical assault on immigrants, especially Mexicans, is also likely to help energize Hispanic activists on behalf of Mrs. Clinton and other Democratic candidates.The court s action comes after nearly eight years of largely futile attempts by the president to make good on his promise.Mr. Obama had resorted to executive actions in 2014 after years of fighting to get Congress to act. In 2013, the Senate passed a bipartisan immigration overhaul that the White House said the president could support. But House Republicans blocked any consideration of the legislation, accusing the Senate and Mr. Obama of supporting amnesty for the millions of illegal immigrants already in the United States.For most of his presidency, even Mr. Obama said he did not have the power to act unilaterally. He repeatedly told Hispanic activists that he could not use the  Dreamers  program as a model to expand similar protections to a much larger pool of illegal immigrants. If we start broadening that, then essentially I ll be ignoring the law in a way that I think would be very difficult to defend legally,  Mr. Obama told Jose Diaz-Balart in an interview in September 2013, after it was clear that House Republicans were blocking the Senate s immigration measure.  So that s not an option.    NYT",0
13647,BOOM! Rep Louie Gohmert (R-TX) Rips Into Obama’s Gun Grabbing Legislative Minions: “Radical ISLAM Killed These People!” [VIDEO],"Don t think for a minute this union-style Black Lives Matter/Occupy type  sit-in  wasn t orchestrated in our Oval Office by our Community Organizer in Chief. Obama is desperate to pass gun control legislation before he leaves office. The Democrats who are occupying our House floor are only acting as puppets for his radical agenda. As California Democrat Rep. Brad Sherman spoke Wednesday evening during an unprecedented  sit-in  on Capitol Hill to demand a vote on gun control, Rep. Louis Gohmert (R-TX) interrupted him, shouting:  Radical Islam killed these people!  Sherman, a moderate Democrat from the San Fernando Valley, had joined several dozen of his party colleagues in a protest against House Republicans  refusal to allow votes on several gun regulations   all of which had already failed in the Senate.Though the bills have no chance of becoming law, Democrats hope to win at least one of the votes, which would enable them to argue that by voting Democrat this November, Americans could help them retake the Senate and pass new gun restrictions.The protest was led by Rep. John Lewis (D-GA), who has long drawn on his history in the civil rights movement for partisan purposes, and who hinted last weekend during a Southern California visit that Democrats would  do something  big on guns.The protest was also timed to coincide with, and drown out, a speech in New York by presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. Trump responded to rival Hillary Clinton s attack earlier this week by criticizing Clinton for alleged corruption at the State Department and for her foreign policy record, while laying out his own alternative economic policies.Rep. Gohmert began heckling Rep. Sherman during his speech   which was broadcast via Periscope by another Californian, Rep. Scott Peters of San Diego, in violation of House rules. At roughly 4:24 in the video below, Gohmert points to a poster of the victims of the June 12 terrorist attack and insists that radical Islam killed them   not the lack of gun control regulations.Via: Breitbart News",0
13648,"BREAKING: US SUPREME COURT Upholds U. Of TX-Austin Admissions Ability To Choose Black, Hispanic Students Before White, Asian Students","Obama and the Leftist Supreme Court activists are working overtime to push white students to the back of the line The U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday upheld the University of Texas at Austin s ability to give a slight boost in the admissions process to black and Hispanic applicants, a decision that once again preserved the use of affirmative action at American universities.By a 4-3 vote, the court rejected Sugar Land native Abigail Fisher s claim that she was unfairly discriminated against because she was white. She was denied admission into UT-Austin in 2008, but argued in a lawsuit that black and Hispanic students who were less qualified got in over her.UT-Austin fought the suit, saying it had a right to take race into consideration in a specific, limited way.The ruling almost certainly brings an end to a years-long legal fight over UT-Austin s use of race in admissions   a fight that reached the Supreme Court twice. It will also likely have national implications that will become clearer in the near future. Colleges have been allowed to use affirmative action for decades, and the Supreme Court has upheld the practice each time, though it has limited how it can be used.  Via: Texas Tribune",0
13649,JIMMY FALLON Brings On “Little Donald” To Be His VP [Video],"This teen has a pretty good impression of Donald Trump:Jack Aiello, the Chicago-area teen who impersonated the presidential candidates during his 8th Grade graduation speech, appeared on  The Tonight Show  starring Jimmy Fallon Wednesday night as a little Donald Trump.Fallon impersonated Trump and stated,  The only person good enough to be my vice president is me. Aiello then entered as a  Little Donald  and performed his spot on impression.Via: wgntv",0
13650,WATCH: INDOCTRINATED COLLEGE STUDENTS Are Stunned By Ugly Truth About Hillary: “Which candidate said this?”,"Would Hillary s  every day Americans  answer these questions the same way as these indoctrinated college students? Who do you think is more responsible for indoctrinating the American voter, colleges and universities or our corrupt media?",0
13651,DEMOCRAT GUN GRABBER SIT-IN Rages On With A Damned Ironic Feast Behind The Scenes,"Democrats staging a sit-in on the floor of Congress won t go hungry   we spotted their food order on its way into the Capitol   and it s pretty damn ironic. A couple carts full of Chick-fil-A food were toted in by Congressional interns. We get it   protesters gotta eat, but consider this: The push for gun control legislation was prompted by Omar Mateen s heinous attack on a gay nightclub   and Chick-fil-A s ownership has a long history of opposing LGBTQ rights. To be fair, the company s undergoing an image makeover, and has contributed tons of food and money to relief efforts in Orlando. Still   odd choice. DC s a big city. Via: TMZWE THOUGHT A SIT IN WAS SUPPOSED TO JUST THAT A SIT IN! THIS LOOKS MORE LIKE A EAT IN OR FEAST IN! CHECK OUT ALL THE FOOD IN THE CLOAK ROOM:",0
13652,FLASHBACK: HILLARY Received $500K In Jewelry From King Of Barbaric Nation Who Brutally Oppresses Women,"Nothing to see here. No conflict of interest. All feminists please look the other way you didn t really see this Crooked Hillary really is a champion of women s rights just not Saudi women s rights. August 30, 2013   Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was given a half-million bucks worth of diamond and ruby jewelry by Saudi Arabian King Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz and received $58,000 worth of bling from Brunei.The lavish gifts were among a treasure trove of keepsakes bestowed upon U.S. leaders in 2012, the State Department disclosed Thursday.The Constitution prohibits U.S. government employees from keeping presents worth more than $350. But officials at the U.S. General Services Administration said the gifts were accepted to avoid awkward moments. Via: NY Daily News",0
13653,CLINTON E-MAIL SHOCKER: Key Security Features Disabled On Server Making It A Hacker’s Paradise,"Donald Trump is right again! He said her e-mail was easily hacked by foreign governments. The question has recently arisen of whether there s a blackmail file on Hillary. WASHINGTON (AP)   State Department staffers wrestled for weeks in December 2010 over a serious technical problem with then-Secretary Hillary Clinton s home email server, causing them to temporarily disable security features that left the server more vulnerable to hackers, according to emails released Wednesday.Just weeks later, according to previously disclosed emails, hackers attacked the server, forcing Clinton s staff to shut it down. The next day, one of Clinton s closest aides, Huma Abedin, wrote to other high ranking staff:  Don t email hrc (Clinton) anything sensitive. I can explain more in person. The emails were released under court order Wednesday to the conservative legal advocacy group Judicial Watch, which has sued the State Department over access to public records related to the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee s service as the nation s top diplomat between 2009 and 2013.The emails, reviewed by The Associated Press, show that State Department technical staff disabled software intended to block phishing emails that could deliver dangerous viruses. They were trying urgently to resolve an apparent conflict between the server s built-in email delivery features with a version of  ScanMail for Exchange  security software from Trend Micro Inc. that had been installed on her server. Clinton has not previously described any security protections on her server.Another senior State Department official, Thomas W. Lawrence, wrote days later in an email that Abedin personally was asking for an update about the server repairs. Abedin and Clinton, who both used the private server, had complained that emails each sent to State Department employees were not being reliably received.After technical staffers turned off some security features, Lawrence cautioned in an email,  We view this as a Band-Aid and fear it s not 100 percent fully effective. Clinton s campaign has repeatedly denied there is any evidence her private email server ever was breached.On Jan. 9, 2011, a State Department IT staffer was forced to shut down Clinton s server because he believed  someone was trying to hack us.  Later that day, he wrote,  We were attacked again so I shut (the server) down for a few min. The AP reported last year that in the early morning hours of Aug. 3, 2011, Clinton received infected emails, disguised as speeding tickets from New York. The emails instructed recipients to print the attached tickets. Opening an attachment would have allowed hackers to take over control of a victim s computer.In a blistering audit released last month, the State Department s inspector general concluded that Clinton and her team ignored clear internal guidance that her email setup broke federal standards and could leave sensitive material vulnerable to hackers. Her aides twice brushed aside concerns, in one case telling technical staff  the matter was not to be discussed further,  the report said.The State Department has released more than 52,000 pages of Clinton s work-related emails, including some that have since been classified. Clinton has withheld thousands of additional emails, saying they were personal. The emails released Wednesday were not made available until after the inspector general s office published its report, and Judicial Watch asked a federal judge to force the State Department to turn them over.The FBI is also investigating whether Clinton s use of the private email server imperiled government secrets. It has recently interviewed Clinton s top aides, including former chief of staff Cheryl Mills and deputy chief of staff Abedin.Read more: AP",0
13654,ANTI-RELIGION ACTIVISTS Target Small Town USA And Christianity,"The organization called  Freedom from Religion  has been going around to Christian monuments and signs across America and demanding they be taken down. Every sign and cross they come across that s on city property is in violation of separation of church and state.Here are other recent efforts to remove religious signs:Military Chaplains Rally As Inspiring Sign Comes Under Fire From Religious Freedom Organization(VIDEO) SPARKS FLY WHEN FREEDOM FROM RELIGION GROUP ASKS TEXAS TOWN TO REMOVE SIGN WELCOMING VISITORSThe big question to us is that the town wants the sign and has had it up for decades. If the town votes for it, can the sign remain? America is, after all, founded on Christianity and is a majority country. The more important point is that while these people are trying to rid us of Christian signs, the Muslim religion is EXPLODING in America. We had 200 Mosques only a decade ago and now we have over 2,000! Our schools are being slowly entrenched with lessons on Islam. Communities are having Muslim Day so you can learn more about being Muslim I could go on but you catch my drift. If we don t fight back now, we re scr*wed! Two signs in Hondo that tout the city as  God s Country  have prompted the Freedom From Religion Foundation to complain the placards constitute an impermissible government endorsement of religion.But Mayor Jim Danner left no doubt that he ll oppose removing the iconic signs beside U.S. 90 that say, in full,  This Is God s Country   Please Don t Drive Through It Like Hell.   There s no way in hell we re going to take those signs down,  the mayor said Monday, predicting locals would back that stance.  I think when they find out we received that letter, we ll have total support from the community to keep them.  Foundation Co-President Anne Laurie Gaylor told Danner in a letter last week,  The message assumes a common god, yet imagine the public outrage had the city posted a sign that said,  This is Vishnu s Country.   It is equally inflammatory and inappropriate to post a sign dedicating a city to the god of the bible,  she said, referencing the establishment clause of the First Amendment. The city-owned signs on public property  convey government preference for religion over non-religion,  according to Gaylor, and  sends the message that non-believers are not welcome in the city.   We respect the right of every person in Hondo to practice whatever religion or non-religion, they choose,  he said.  The only problem here is that it s the government endorsing religion, rather than private entities. Via: mysanantonio.com",0
13655,DISTURBING! EPA CHIEF’S INSULTING RANT Against “Climate Deniers” As “Not Normal” [Video],"The Obama administration wants you to feel bad if you don t believe in what they do. This group think is really disturbing! Please listen to this rant by Gina McCarthy and know that she s as loony as the rest of Obama s administration! Speaking at MC Greenfest, EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy insists that climate change is  happening now.  McCarthy:  You just need to get out of that telephone booth where other climate deniers hang out and open your eyes and see what s happening.   GET OUT OF THAT TELEPHONE BOOTH : ",0
13656,"REGISTERED MUSLIM VOTERS UP Over 324,000 Since Last Presidential Election…CAIR Applauds","Another item Obama can check off his bucket list More than a quarter million Muslims have become registered voters since the last presidential election, a Muslim group reported on Tuesday.In June there were 824,000 registered Muslim voters whose first, middle or last names matched a list of 43,538 traditionally Muslim names, according to the Council on American-Islamic Relations, which used a private national database of voter information. That number represents a significant bump from the 500,000 voters the group accounted for in 2012, using the same method.One reason for the surge, CAIR suggests, is  increased political involvement resulting from rhetorical attacks on that faith community by public figures.  While the press release does not mention GOP presumptive nominee Donald Trump by name, it does contain two links to articles about how the candidate is  attacking Muslims  and  fueling prejudice, hate incidents. CAIR government affairs director Robert McCaw applauded the Muslim community for its efforts to get out the vote, and slammed  hostile  proposals made by Trump over the course of his campaign, including a ban on Muslims entering the United States. As a community under the pressure of hostile political rhetoric calling for profiling of American Muslims, Muslim immigration bans and warrantless surveillance of mosques, we must utilize all the tools of positive civic engagement to preserve religious freedom and other constitutional rights,  said McCaw.Earlier in the month, CAIR launched a nonpartisan voter campaign, titled  Muslims Vote,  to encourage increased participation by American Muslims in the 2016 election cycle. The campaign looks for ways to get American Muslims involved in a number of activities, including volunteering, voter registration and hosting candidate forums. Via: Washington Examiner ",0
13657,PARANOID OR SMART? WHAT FACEBOOK’S CEO Does To His Computer That’ll Have You Questioning Your Privacy,"Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg appears to be concerned about being spied on. A photo that he shared to help celebrate Instagram s 500 million monthly active users shows the camera and audio jack on the billionaire s Macbook covered with pieces of tape. In the photo posted on Tuesday, Zuckerberg is sporting a wide smile and his signature gray T-shirt and dark denim jeans. He s holding a life-sized Instagram frame that reads:  Thanks to everyone in our community for helping us reach this milestone! After posting the photo online, several Internet users spotted and pointed out the tape covering his camera and audio jack on his Macbook at his desk. It s rumored that skilled hackers are able to take over the front facing cameras on laptops when they re not covered up. It appears as though Zuckerberg, who is worth $35.7billion, is trying to prevent that from happening by placing a piece of tape over his camera, making the webcam useless. Zuckerberg has been previously photographed at the same desk. Roughly nine months ago while on a tour, he showed off the same desk that s complete with the same items on it then as it is now, according to Gizmodo.Read more: Daily MailTHE FUTURE OF FACEBOOK: LIBERAL VIDEO, VIDEO, VIDEOFacebook is paying huge money to liberal news sights to produce live video and other news to push out Buzzfeed, New York Times and other liberal news sources like CNN are involved in producing live video which they say is the future of Facebook. You might  ask why only liberal news sites used except for the fact that suppression of conservative news has been exposed in the last few weeks.  It s been known for some time that Facebook is paying media companies and celebrities cash in return for using its Facebook Live video feature, but what hasn t been known is exactly how much it is paying them. According to a document recently obtained by the Wall Street Journal, the social networking giant has signed as many as 140 contracts worth a total of $50 million.The list of media outlets being paid by Facebook includes traditional players such as CNN and the New York Times, the Journal says, as well as digital-only publishers like Vox, Mashable, and BuzzFeed. The celebrities who are being compensated for creating live video include comedian Kevin Hart and chef Gordon Ramsay.Some contracts are worth smaller amounts, while 17 of the deals Facebook has signed are worth more than $1 million, according to the document obtained by the Journal. Two media outlets are getting paid more than $3 million to create live video BuzzFeed and the New York Times, and CNN is not far behind, with a reported payment of $2.5 million.Get Data Sheet, Fortune s technology newsletter.The first reports about Facebook FB 0.90% paying media companies and/or celebrities to create live video emerged in March, when Recode reported that COO Sheryl Sandberg was in Hollywood talking with talent agencies and artists  representatives, and offering to get out her checkbook to get them using the platform. The live-streaming feature was launched first for celebrities in 2015, then rolled out to everyone.In April, the executive in charge of Facebook Live, Fidji Simo (who we spoke with recently about the platform) told Recode that the company was also working with media partners, and said  in some of the cases that includes a financial incentive.  (Time Inc., which owns Fortune, has a relationship with Facebook that relates to the creation of Facebook Live video).Also in April, BuzzFeed confirmed in a roundabout way that it was one of the partners being paid by Facebook. A story about paying video creators quoted an anonymous source as saying that the social network was paying media partners  around $250,000 for 20 posts per month over a three-month period,  and then mentioned parenthetically that BuzzFeed was one of them. Via: Fortune",0
13658,RACIST RANT From Supreme Court Justice Exposes Slanted Personal Opinion On Law Enforcement,"Supreme Court Justic Sotomayor went on a racist rant about how law enforcement has targeted minorities and put fear in  black and brown  people: It is no secret that people of color are disproportionate victims of this type of scrutiny. She s weighed in before in a racist manner:   I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn t lived that life    Supreme Court Justice SotomayorSotomayor once again brings her racist view to the court clouding her decisions on ALL Americans:Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor on Monday issued a vehement dissent in a Fourth Amendment case   writing that the majority s opinion sanctions police stops that  corrode all our civil liberties and threaten all our lives. The fiery objection came on case where a Utah man challenged his arrest based on a stop that was later found to be unlawful. The 5-3 majority opinion, Sotomayor wrote, will have dramatic ramifications for law-abiding citizens targeted by police, especially minorities.  It is no secret that people of color are disproportionate victims of this type of scrutiny,  she wrote.  For generations, black and brown parents have given their children  the talk    instructing them never to run down the street; always keep your hands where they can be seen; do not even think of talking back to a stranger   all out of fear of how an officer with a gun will react to them.  By legitimizing the conduct that produces this double consciousness, this case tells everyone, white and black, guilty and innocent, that an officer can verify your legal status at any time,  she added.  It says that your body is subject to invasion while courts excuse the violation of your rights. It implies that you are not a citizen of a democracy but the subject of a carceral state, just waiting to be cataloged. With four major decisions due in the next week, including cases on affirmative action, abortion and immigration, Sotomayor s anger signals that what has been a quiet term since the death of Justice Antonin Scalia could get increasingly contentious. Whether born from experience or inherent physiological or cultural differences,  she said, for jurists who are women and nonwhite,  our gender and national origins may and will make a difference in our judging. Via: CNN",0
13659,ACTOR VINCE VAUGHN DESTROYS The Left With AWESOME Statement On Gun Rights,"Boom! Just when you think there isn t a sane person left in Hollywood, actor Vince Vaughn comes out with this brilliant statement on guns. Enjoy! ",0
13660,WOW! BILL AND HILLARY Called Jesse Jackson ‘That G**damned n****r’ Behind His Back,"Dolly Kyle has written a scathing  tell all  book exposing the sickening hidden truth about Bill and Hillary Clinton. Hillary s war on just about anyone who is beneath her, or who would dare to get in the way of her ascent to the White House. When will the media do their job and report the truth about this horrible opportunist?Dolly Kyle   who was just 11 when she first crossed paths with Bill, dated him through high school and began sleeping with him once they graduated   published the claims about the Clinton couple s racial epithets and politics in her new book, Hillary: The Other Woman, published by WND Books.Bill and Hillary Clinton profess to have always been supporters of racial equality, but anecdotes published in a new book by his ex-lover claim otherwise.Bill was also sued several times by blacks and Hispanics for violations of the 1965 Voting Rights Act.Behind the Reverend Jesse Jackson s back, the Clinton duo called him,  That G**damned n****r .Dolly claims the couple used the same insult toward Robert  Say  McIntosh, one of the leading African-American activists in Little Rock, Arkansas when Bill was governor. McIntosh was dogging Clinton about ongoing relationships with black prostitutes, q charge, she says, Bill never denied.Clinton never denied stories that he was having an ongoing relationship with one black prostitute as well as her friends. He did deny a rumor that he had fathered a child with a black prostitute while governor and took a DNA test that was reported as negative.Rumors of the trysts throughout Little Rock and were aided by  one prominent black female newscaster who used to brag openly around the television station about her relationship with the governor, although they were  only  indulging in oral sex .Bill Clinton and Dolly grew up with Jim Crow laws in place in the plantation mentality of the South and they were in full force during the 1950s and  60s.It was a segregated society in Hot Springs at that time. Black and white students went to different schools. In the movie theaters, black people had to watch the movie from a balcony, use separate bathrooms and water fountains. Signs that separated  WHITES  and  COLORED  were deadly serious and always enforced , Dolly writes.In Arkansas, everyone had to pay a $2 poll tax to vote, and the cost was a huge sum for many black people.The black vote was further diluted by  gerrymandering, a wide-spread practice of dividing electoral districts along racial lines to dilute the black vote .Not one black was voted into the Arkansas legislation in hundreds of elections.In the 1980s, Clinton was sued several times by blacks and Hispanics for violations of the 1965 Voting Rights Act and he lost every case.The district lines were redrawn under court order.Ben McGee was a black Democrat was elected to the state legislature in 1988. Clinton tried to replace McGee with a white Democrat of his choice, claims Dolly.The case went all the way to the Supreme Court was ruled 8-0 against Clinton and the Arkansas officials who challenged McGee s election.In the 1980s, Hispanics were moving into Arkansas in greater numbers and Clinton began racial profiling against Hispanics, she claims.He instituted the racial profiling program three years after his brother, Roger Clinton went to prison in 1985 for dealing cocaine. The program was initially part of his anti-drug program, although Roger s drug suppliers and buyers were white. For no good reason, Bill and Hillary decided to profile Hispanics as drug dealers,  Dolly writes.State troopers now had the authority to stop and search any vehicle remotely suspect of carrying drugs. Specifically, the troopers were to stop and search cars driven by Hispanics, especially those cars with Texas license plates. Clinton was sued in federal court for his Criminal Apprehension Program that was ruled unconstitutional. Billy threw one of his infamous temper tantrums about the ban on his racial profiling of Hispanics and he threatened to renew the racial profiling program in spite of the court s ruling , Dolly reports. Via: Daily Mail ",0
13661,"MEDIA FOCUSES ON CROOKED GRANNY…As Chelsea Gives Birth To Campaign Baby In $1,700/Night Maternity Ward…But Where Are Chelsea’s In-Laws?","As anyone who remotely follows the news knows, media whore Hillary has been dying for a reason to appear in photos unrelated to a story about her criminal activities. True to form, Hillary capitalizes on the birth of Chelsea s campaign baby by standing alone and waving to the crowd how very  grandmotherly .You won t see the other set of grandparents in any pictures however, as the royal Clinton family has banned their son-in-laws family from appearing in any pictures with them Chelsea Clinton has emerged from hospital for the first time with her newborn son Aidan.The former First Daughter beamed at cameras on the steps of New York s Lenox Hill Hospital on Monday, flanked by her husband Marc Mezvinsky and parents Bill and Hillary Clinton.Despite the soaring temperatures, Hillary wore a button-down coat, while Chelsea opted for a floral mini-dress.Aidan, Chelsea s second child with husband Marc Mezvinsky, was born on Saturday in the $1,700-a-night maternity ward.- DMWho is Chelsea Clinton s father-in-law and why are he and his wife banned from appearing in pictures with Crooked Queen Hillary and her sexual predator husband? Edward Maurice  Ed  Mezvinsky, Chelsea Clinton s father-in-law and her daughter s grandfather, is a convicted Felon. The former Democrat Congressman from Iowa s 1st Congressional District in the United States House of Representatives, served two terms, from 1973 to 1977.Ed Mezvinsky has known Hillary Clinton since the days when he served on the House Judiciary Committee that decided the fate of President Richard Nixon. This harsh critic of President Richard Nixon, had called Nixon  a crook  and  a disgrace to politics and the nation , and called for Nixon s impeachment.But, did you ever wonder who that allusive  Nigerian Prince  is who might be sending you those emails looking for money? Look no farther than the Clinton Family Tree.Through a series of Nigerian email scams and Ponzi schemes, Ed Mezvinsky, Chelsea Clinton s father-in-law embezzled more than $10 million dollars. In 2001, Ed Mezvinsky was convicted of 31 (out of 69!) charges of fraud, and served five years in federal prison. His fraud charges included bank, mail, wire, as well as other offenses involving financing bogus oil development and other trade deals in Africa.But don t think Ed doesn t keep it in the family. In addition to his law clients and friends, he even bilked his own (now deceased) mother-in-law out of money. To date in 2015, the Fraudster still owes over $9.4 million in restitution to his victims.A lot of political pundits have made allusions to the fact that the Clintons  and the Mezvinkys  behaviors are so similar, that it is what bonded the two. Be that as it may, the Clintons go to great lengths to never, ever, be seen or photographed with any of Chelsea s in-laws. So afraid is the Clinton Dynasty of being tarnished by the Mezvinkys that neither Ed nor his second wife and Marc s mother, Marjorie Sue Margolies-Mezvinsky, were allowed in any of Chelsea s wedding pictures. Conservative America ",0
13662,BREAKING: 19 Yr Old Man ARRESTED After Trying To Steal Officers Gun To KILL TRUMP At Las Vegas Rally,"Just another deranged leftist. From the registered Democrat Muslim terrorist in Orlando to the casual 19 year old Californian freak who travelled to Las Vegas in hopes of killing Trump there doesn t seem to be any shortage of hate from the Left in America A federal officer says a man arrested at a Donald Trump rally in Las Vegas told authorities he tried to grab an officer s gun so he could kill the candidate.A complaint filed Monday in U.S. District Court in Nevada charges Michael Steven Sandford with an act of violence on restricted grounds.It cites a report by Special Agent Swierkowski, whose first name was not included, saying Sandford told officers he drove from California to kill Trump and went to a Las Vegas gun range, the day before the Saturday rally, to learn to shoot.Sandford later went to a Trump rally at the Treasure Island Casino and approached a Las Vegas police officer to say he wanted an autograph from Trump.The report says Sandford was arrested after grabbing the handle of an officer s gun in an attempt to remove it.Via: NBC",0
13663,TWO WORDS OBAMA’S DOJ Has Been Hiding From Orlando Terrorist’s 911 Call,"The Obama administration s  cleansing  of the Islamic terror attack in Orlando resonates with anyone in America who s on to the effort to pivot to gun control and away from Islam. Everything about this is by design and SHOULD BE  very disturbing to Americans on both sides of the aisle. Democrats should be outraged that the government is suppressing information we should all have! How could they NOT be! Two key words were scrubbed in the transcript but are being reported now THESE TWO WORDS ARE A BIG DEAL! The FBI on Monday released a partial transcript of the phone conversations the Orlando gunman had with law enforcement during the three hours he was holed up inside a gay nightclub with hostages   but the decision to redact portions of the calls, including references made to Islamist terror groups, drew swift criticism.A call summary and partial transcript shows that gunman Omar Mateen first called 911 about 30 minutes after he opened fire and stormed Pulse nightclub, telling an emergency call taker that he was the shooter and making claims of allegiance that investigators are still vetting.  Praise be to God, and prayers as well as peace be upon the prophet of God [in Arabic],  Mateen said according to the transcript.  I let you know, I m in Orlando, and I did the shootings.  He also falsely told law enforcement that cars outside the nightclub had explosives in them and that he was wearing a vest like the kind they  used in France,  making reference to explosive vests used in the Paris terror attacks. FBI Director James Comey has previously said that Mateen pledged allegiance to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the leader of the Islamic State, as well as to various Islamist terror groups. However the names of those groups and individuals were edited out of the transcripts released Monday.Law enforcement defended the selective editing, saying that they wanted to avoid re-victimizing those who lived through the attack or encouraging others to carryout similar attacks.The editing is  meant to not give credence to individuals who have done terrorist acts in the past,  said FBI Special Agent in Charge Ron Hopper.  We are not going to propagate their violent rhetoric.  But the decision not to release full transcripts of Mateen s 911 call or three crisis negotiator calls almost immediately drew criticism. House Speaker Paul D. Ryan said the decision to edit out references to the Islamic State terrorist group was  preposterous.   We know the shooter was a radical Islamist extremist inspired by ISIS. We also know he intentionally targeted the LGBT community. The administration should release the full, unredacted transcript so the public is clear-eyed about who did this, and why,  the Wisconsin Republican said in a statement. Agent Hopper said Monday that investigators still have no indication that Mateen, who identified himself as an  Islamic solider,  was directed to carry out the attacks by any foreign terrorist group organization. Rather the gunman was radicalized domestically, he said.Read more: Washington Times",0
13664,HILLARY ON DISABLED CHILDREN During Easter Egg Hunt: “When are they going to get those f*****g ree-tards out of here?”,"Dolly Kyle has written a scathing  tell all  book exposing the sickening hidden truth about Bill and Hillary Clinton. Hillary s war on just about anyone who is beneath her, or who would dare to get in the way of her ascent to the White House. When will the media do their job and report the truth about this horrible opportunist?Dolly Kyle   who was just 11 when she first crossed paths with Bill, dated him through high school and began sleeping with him once they graduated   published the claims about the Clinton couple s racial epithets and politics in her new book, Hillary: The Other Woman, published by WND Books.She writes of one occasion, when developmentally challenged children were having difficulty picking up the eggs at a traditional Easter egg hunt on the grounds of the governor s mansion during Bill s tenure in the Arkansas state house.Reluctant hostess Hillary had enough. The frustrated Me-First Lady demanded,  When are they going to get those f*****g ree-tards out of here?  Dolly writes.When Hillary arrived in Arkansas, Dolly writes, she looked down her nose at what she viewed as  ignorant hillbillies .She was raised in a middle-class suburb in Illinois and considered herself above the southerners   unless she was campaigning in New York state where she declared herself to be a lifelong Yankees fan.Hillary didn t belong in Arkansas but here she was .In the governor s mansion for eight years, Bill and Hillary were both getting tired of the routine and frustrations of the small Southern state and Bill opted out of running for reelection in 1990.He was marking his time until he could make a move for the White House. Via: Daily Mail",0
13665,YOU’RE FIRED! TRUMP Makes Stunning Move To Defeat ‘Crooked Hillary’,"The New York Times and all other news outlets are reporting with glee that Donald Trump s campaign manager was fired. The truth is that Corey Lewandowski had never run a national campaign before now so it s time to bring in experienced campaign workers to get the job done.  This is not to say that Lewandowski was the perfect campaign manager he wasn t. The New York Times brings up dirt on Corey but it s more likely that Trump was concerned he wasn t getting the job done soooo .YOU RE FIRED!FYI: REAGAN FIRED HIS CAMPAIGN MANAGER TOO!Donald J. Trump has fired his contentious campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, a move that comes as the presumptive Republican nominee faces challenges as he heads into the general election.Mr. Lewandowski could not immediately be reached for comment about his departure, which was announced by the campaign. The Donald J. Trump Campaign for President, which has set a historic record in the Republican primary having received almost 14 million votes, has today announced that Corey Lewandowski will no longer be working with the campaign,  the campaign spokeswoman, Hope Hicks, said in a statement:  The campaign is grateful to Corey for his hard work and dedication and we wish him the best in the future. Mr. Trump had faced increasing concerns from allies and donors, as well as his children, about the next phase of the campaign as he pivots toward the November election.Two people briefed on the move, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said that Mr. Lewandowski was fired.The campaign manager was seen as having a hostile relationship with many members of the national press corps who cover Mr. Trump, and many officials at the Republican National Committee had strained relationships with him.And Mr. Lewandowski was often at odds with Mr. Trump s chief strategist, Paul Manafort, who was brought on in March when the candidate seemed poised for a lengthy fight over delegates.Mr. Lewandowski was said to have resisted certain moves that would have increased the staff, at times blocking Mr. Manafort from making hires or later undoing them.But the people briefed on Mr. Lewandowski s departure said that the circumstances went well beyond any particular incident or any particular relationship.One person stressed that the move had been in the works for many weeks, particularly since it became clear that Mr. Trump would be the nominee. The person added said that the campaign is now focusing on bringing the party together, including hiring new staff members and adjusting to the race against Hillary Clinton. And there had been a desire for many weeks to make changes ahead of the Republican National Convention, July 18-21 in Cleveland.No one inside the campaign was given any advance warning about the dismissal of Mr. Lewandowski, who was on the campaign s daily 8:30 a.m. conference call on Monday, according to a person briefed on the developments.Read more: NYT",0
13666,CLASSIC! COLLEGE SNOWFLAKE Demolished By The GREAT Andrew Breitbart [VIDEO], ,0
13667,UPDATE: OBAMA APPOINTED U.S. ATTORNEY INTERVENES…Threatens Media And Residents Of Community With Federal Prosecution If Caught Spreading False Or Inflammatory Information About Refugees Boys Who Raped 5 Yr Old Girl,"MEDIA SILENT! Twin Falls, Idaho Police Investigating Videotaped Sexual Assault Of 5 Yr Old Girl At By 3 Immigrant Boys NO Arrests [VIDEO]UPDATE: The Obama-appointed U.S. attorney for Idaho has taken the highly unusual step of intervening in a local criminal case involving an alleged sexual assault by juvenile Muslim migrants and threatened the community and media with federal prosecution if they  spread false information or inflammatory statements about the perpetrators. The following is a news release issued late Friday from the office of United States Attorney Wendy J. Olson. BOISE   The United States Attorney s Office extends its support to the five-year-old victim of assault, and her family, at the Fawnbrook Apartments in Twin Falls. The United States Attorney s Office further encourages community members in Twin Falls and throughout Idaho to remain calm and supportive, to pay close attention to the facts that have been released by law enforcement and the prosecuting attorney, and to avoid spreading false rumors and inaccuracies. Grant Loebs is an experienced prosecutor, and Chief Craig Kingsbury is an experienced law enforcement officer. They are moving fairly and thoughtfully in this case,  said Wendy J. Olson, U.S. Attorney for Idaho.  As Mr. Loebs and Chief Kingsbury informed the public, the subjects in this case are juveniles, ages 14, 10 and 7. The criminal justice system, whether at the state or federal level, requires that juveniles be afforded a specific process with significant restrictions on the information that can be released. The fact that the subjects are juveniles in no way lessens the harm to or impact on the victim and her family. Olson continued, saying: The spread of false information or inflammatory or threatening statements about the perpetrators or the crime itself reduces public safety and may violate federal law. We have seen time and again that the spread of falsehoods about refugees divides our communities. I urge all citizens and residents to allow Mr. Loebs and Chief Kingsbury and their teams to do their jobs. As one of 93 U.S. attorneys, Olson represents the federal government in all civil and criminal cases within her state.Olson was appointed to her post in 2010 by President Obama and has a history of taking strong stands against  anti-Muslim bias. Via: WNDORIGINAL STORY: Thanks to the generosity of Chobani Yogurt, Twin Falls, ID has been inundated with Syrian refugees. Big businesses including BIG MEAT, Chobani Yogurt, and other manufacturing companies are looking for cheap immigrant labor and the federal resettlement contractors act as  head hunters  for them.With more awareness of the effort to bring in Muslim  refugees  and deposit them all over America, more communities are fighting back. It s already been said by the FBI and DHS that these so-called refugees can t be properly screened but they also are a heavy financial burden to taxpaying Americans. It is true that once they arrive, they receive all of the entitlements provided a legal citizen.Here are the details of a horrific crime that was reportedly committed by 3 young Muslim Syrian refugee boys, as reported by a Twin Falls resident:The little girl being born very premature she is less developed for her age.The little girl was at the FAWNBROOK apartment buildings where both her parents and grandmother reside. She was playing in between those two apartment units when 3 boys  (ages 8, 10, 13) pulled a knife on her, held it to her throat, forced her into the laundry unit, stripped her naked, raped, and urinated on her. The 13 year old  coached  the younger boys as he videoed. Due to age restraint the boys could not ejaculate but did urinate on her.THE VICTIM S GRANDMOTHER DISCOVERED THE SITUATION AND IMMEDIATELY CALLED THE VICTIM S MOTHER WHO CALLED TWIN FALLS POLICE DEPARTMENT.The victim s mother took the video/phone from the 13 year old. Witnessed by the victims mother:The 13 year olds father arrived on the scene and hi-fived his son. A mother of the perps arrived and knew only enough English to repeatedly say,  No police .2 AND A HALF HOURS LATER THE TWIN FALLS POLICE ARRIVED. MOTHER OF VICTIM GAVE PD THE VIDEO. POLICE DID NOT (STILL HAVE NOT) MADE ANY ARRESTS, REPORTEDLY BECAUSE OF THE  LANGUAGE BARRIER .BOTH PERP REFUGEE FAMILIES ARE STILL IN THE APARTMENT COMPLEX, LANDLORD IS UNABLE TO EVICT. THE MOTHER OF VICTIM ESTIMATES 50+ REFUGEES ARE IN THE COMPLEX. PROSECUTING ATTORNEY GRANT LOEBS (OR HIS OFFICE) SUGGESTED THAT THE VICTIM S FAMILY MAY NOT WISH TO PROSECUTE.We believe this family ought to file a lawsuit against CSI, perhaps TFPD.VIDEO LINK FROM TF CITY COUNCIL AS ACT MEMBERS QUESTION AND CHALLENGE CITY COUNCIL. IF YOU LISTEN YOU WILL SEE THAT THEY HAVE NO ANSWER, DIDN T KNOW ANYTHING WAS GOING ON.Listen close to Don Hall name a young lady as the victim in response to Mr. Edwards calling the victim a youth.KMVT has confirmed that a reported sexual assault that possibly occurred near the Fawnbrook Apartments is being investigated by the Twin Falls Police Department. The incident allegedly occurred on June 2.Twin Falls County Prosecutor Grant Loebs has confirmed the investigation to Idaho s First News, but he says there will be no charges filed in the case until the police investigation is complete.Several unconfirmed reports concerning the case are circulating on social media. Both the Twin Falls Police Department and the prosecutor s office have declined to comment publicly on the case while it is still under investigation.WATCH HERE:",0
13668,WATCH: CHEROKEE PEOPLE Express Disgust Over “Lying” Elizabeth Warren Faking “Native American Heritage” To Get Prestigious Law Professor Job,"Oh look Hillary s considering a lying, opportunist, Democrat politician with a vagina as her running mate. It all makes perfect sense if you consider that Hillary s thinking ahead, and that if anything happened to her she wants to make sure she has someone with the same morals and ethics to fill her corrupt shoes In Warren s book  A Fighting Chance,  Massachusetts Democratic senator and potential vice presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren attempts to rewrite history regarding the controversy surrounding her  Native American  ancestry that emerged in the 2012 Senate campaign. What s remarkable is that, at least in the initial book reviews, the press largely allows her to get away with it. In fact, it s virtually ignored that to this day Warren still refuses to release any law school records that may shed light on this controversy.To be fair, most reviews note that Warren has never substantiated her claims of Native American heritage, which is true. The larger and unaddressed issue, however, is whether or not Warren falsely claimed minority status in order to gain an unfair advantage in her academic career. This was a question that was unresolved at the end of the 2012 campaign and it remains unresolved with the publication of Warren s book.Watch Cherokee people from ND tell how they feel about Lying Elizabeth using phony  Native American  status to gain an advantage in obtaining a job:First, what s perhaps most notable about Warren s book is that she even includes a section called  Native American,  in which she reportedly writes,  Everyone on our mother s side   aunts, uncles, and grandparents   talked openly about their Native American ancestry. My brothers and I grew up on stories about our grandfather building one-room schoolhouses and about our grandparents  courtship and their early lives together in Indian Territory. This is ironic because, until the Boston Herald first broke the news in April 2012 that Harvard Law School had repeatedly promoted Warren as a Native American faculty member, Warren never once mentioned these stories of her upbringing in a single press interview, speech, class lecture or testimony at any point, ever, in her decades-long career. What s more, Warren was not listed as a minority on her transcript from George Washington University where she began her undergraduate education, nor did she list herself as a minority when applying to Rutgers University Law School in 1973.In fact, it was not until she was in her 30s and focused on climbing the highly competitive ladder of law school academia that Warren apparently rediscovered her Native American heritage. It s important to note that entrance and advancement in the law school profession is governed by the Association of American Law Schools, which requires registrants interested in teaching at law schools to fill out a questionnaire detailing their education, experience, bar passage and, yes, ethnicity. This information is then disseminated to law schools around the country that, as Warren surely knew, are always on the lookout to add to the diversity of their faculty.A copy of Warren s questionnaire currently resides in the Association of American Law Schools archives at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. However, only Warren herself has the authority to release the complete copy of her questionnaire and to date, she has refused to do so.Watch Warren stonewalling the press over her phony  Native American  status and double down on her refusal to clear the record and release the copy of her questionnaire: Her opposition to such transparency can perhaps be understood in the documented fact that in the years thereafter, starting in 1986, Warren began self-reporting herself as a  minority professor  in the Association of American Law Schools staff directory that lists all law school professors around the country. As the former association chairman told the Boston Herald, the directory once served a tip sheet for law school administrators, in the pre-Internet days, who were looking to identify and recruit minority professors.Remarkably, Warren s explanation to the Boston Herald was that she listed herself as a minority in the hopes that she would be invited to a luncheon so she could meet  people who are like I am  and she stopped checking the box when that didn t happen. Perhaps it  didn t happen  because at no point, at any of the schools she attended or worked at, is there any evidence that Warren ever joined any Native American organizations on campus or in any way interacted with anyone in the Native American community.That did not however, stop Warren from continuing to self-report as a Native American minority. The New York Times reported in May 2012 that Warren was listed as a minority recipient of a teaching award years earlier at the University of Pennsylvania where she had advanced after teaching at several non-Ivy League law schools. Notably, Penn declined to explain to the Times why Warren was listed as a minority.From Penn, Warren moved on to Harvard Law School, where her Native American heritage was touted in multiple articles, including a Fordham Law Review piece that lauded her as Harvard Law s   first woman of color.  Even as recently as 2011, it appears Warren was listed as the lone Native American faculty member on the school s 2011  diversity report,  though like Penn, Harvard also refused to comment.Yet, when the Herald first broke the story in April 2012, Warren claimed she  had no idea  that Harvard had touted her Native American status and claimed she did not  recall  ever citing her Native American heritage when applying for a job. In the months afterward, Warren ducked, dodged and stonewalled subsequent questions, eventually wearing-out the press, and succeeded in winning an election without ever releasing any records that might substantiate those claims.Whether Warren falsely claimed to be a minority in order to game the system and advance her career is a question that goes to the heart of her honesty and integrity. It s also a question that will confront her if she ever seeks higher office. Via: US News",0
13669,FATHERS OF SONS MURDERED By Illegal Aliens Have Brutal FATHER’S DAY Message For Paul Ryan,"US Citizens should never have to beg members of Congress to put the safety and security of their families before the donors who support their campaigns. The fact that Congress has allowed our current illegal crisis to spin this far out of control is unforgivable. Border Agents who spend years training to apprehend illegal aliens who cross our borders are not only being told to stand down by the Obama regime, they are also being asked to stand by and watch these aliens being transported to cities across America in a coordinated effort to populate red states with Democrat voters. This Father s Day, fathers whose sons were murdered by illegal aliens are calling on House Speaker Paul Ryan to resign   describing his policies as  treasonous  and taking particular objection to Ryan s recent attempts to undermine Donald Trump s proposals to enforce U.S. immigration law. I would invite Speaker Ryan to forsake spending Father s Day with his kids to come down here to Houston and visit the place I will spend every Father s Day for the rest of my life  my American son s grave. This way Speaker Ryan can see first hand what pandering to the cheap illegal labor lobby means to Americans who can t afford to put a security fence up around their house,  said Dan Golvach.Golvach s 25-year-old son, Spencer, was murdered by an illegal alien. Spencer was shot in the head while stopped at a red light. The best thing Ryan could do to protect his family from what my family is experiencing is resign today!  Golvach added.  His policies are not only treasonous to us, they are also treasonous to any American that ever happens to be sitting at a red light like Spencer was. This wasn t Syria or Iraq. It was the neighborhood I grew up in. Do your kids ever sit at red lights, Mr. Speaker? Billy Inman, whose 16-year-old son was murdered by an illegal alien, said that it was a  disgrace  for Paul Ryan to suggest that he may sue a President Trump for using executive authority to pause Muslim migration. He s more upset with Trump than he is about what happened to our families,  Inman said.  If Ryan sues Trump on the Muslim ban, we could sue him and most of our elected officials for not stopping illegal aliens from crossing the southern border. In addition to Father s Day, this week marks the 16th anniversary of the death of Inman s child. Inman s 16-year-old son Dustin was murdered while he and his family were on their way to celebrate an early Father s Day family fishing trip. An illegal alien rear-ended the family s vehicle at over 60 mph. Dustin s parents, Billy and Kathy, were both knocked unconscious. They were unable to attend their son s funeral because they were in accident-induced comas for weeks after their son s death.Dustin s killer remains at large today.Inman sees it as symbolic that Donald Trump   the first national politician to make their family feel heard   launched his presidential campaign on the same day Inman lost his son fifteen years ago. I d like for Ryan to try wearing my shoes for a week. I don t think he d make it a day,  Inman said while discussing the anguish he and his wife go through daily. Ryan is just one of Obama s puppets. I don t consider him a Republican,  said George Wilkerson, whose 18-year-old son Joshua was tied up, beaten, strangled, set on fire, and tortured to death by his illegal alien classmate while he was on his way home from school.Wilkerson described Ryan s policies as  treasonous  and voiced his own frustrations about Ryan s tone:His tone is totally against Americans as far as I m concerned. He s been paid by the taxpayers, but he hasn t done anything for them. He s been there for two decades. He s not doing his job. He s not looking out for Americans. He s doing more for foreign citizens than he is for his own American citizens.Addressing Ryan s recent denunciations of Trump s immigration proposals, Wilkerson said,  Ryan doesn t speak for me. He hasn t done anything to help us. By contrast, Wilkerson said that Trump has helped his family, but that  it s starting to get harder when you have people like Ryan standing up and telling the American public that Trump is wrong on this issue. Paul Ryan has a two-decade history of pushing open borders immigration policies and fighting to maintain illegal immigrants  access to benefits paid for by U.S. taxpayers. Ryan s 2015 omnibus spending bill fully funded sanctuary cities; and earlier this week, Ryan seemed to suggest that the reason the House has not pushed Kate s Law   named for Kate Steinle   is because he s opposed to  clogging up our jails  with illegal alien drunk drivers. Ryan s immigration agenda that caters to his GOP donors, who benefit from illegals being here, is totally wrong,  Wilkerson said.  We re in tough times. For him to sit there and not be for Americans and for America is absurd  I m supporting Paul Nehlen. Absolutely, I want Paul Nehlen to take Paul Ryan s place . We need more people like Nehlen.  Via: Breitbart News",0
13670,[VIDEO] HOLLYWOOD ACTOR Scott Baio FED UP With Obama: “He’s a Muslim or a Muslim sympathizer”,"I don t think there are too many people who would disagree with that sentiment, given Obama s obvious desire to make Americans believe Islam has nothing to do with Islamic terror.  In the wake of yet another attack on American soil by a radicalized Muslin gunman, actor Scott Baio questioned whether President Barack Obama wants to  eliminate the United States as it was created. Appearing on Fox Business, the former  Happy Days  star was asked if the president is reluctant to say  Islamic terror. He s absolutely reluctant,  Baio replied.  I can t tell, Lester, if he s dumb, he s a Muslim or he s a Muslim sympathizer. And I don t think he s dumb. WATCH here:Baio, an ardent supporter of Donald Trump, was asked to explain Obama s actions. I have no idea,  the actor replied.  Like I said, either he s a sympathizer, a Muslim sympathizer or he s a Muslim to allow this to keep happening. He insisted that Trump is the only person who wants to do something about these attacks by Islamic extremists.Borrowing from Obama s 2008 promise of  fundamentally transforming the United States of America,  Baio speculated on what may be the  end game  for liberals like Obama and Hillary Clinton. Is it to totally eliminate the United States as it was created and founded and the way it is now?  he asked.The actor went on to say he is  baffled  by the inaction from Obama and Clinton, saying  the only time they get angry is at Republicans.  Via: Biz Pac Review ",0
13671,WHAT IF The Presidential Race Was A NASCAR Event?,"If booster and sponsors were shown in presidential campaigns just like they are in NASCAR, we d have the picture below: ",0
13672,BOOM! Dodgers Baseball Radio Legend Drops A Mid-Game Rant On Socialism [Video],"This is totally out of left field! Vin Scully goes off on the evils of socialism-epic! Vin Scully has strong feelings on socialism pic.twitter.com/7XEnF56EOy  Timothy Burke (@bubbaprog) June 18, 2016 ",0
13673,WATCH: GAY MAN AND FORMER LIBERAL Makes Riveting YouTube Video Urging Americans To Vote For Trump: “Muslim Countries Execute Gays…That’s Not Radical…That’s Common Law”," Hillary s going to make make our borders less secure. She s going to take away our ability to defend ourselves It s RADICAL ISLAM Obama SAY IT! A gay man has made a riveting Youtube video urging the gay community to vote for Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton in the aftermath of the Orlando nightclub terrorist attack by an Islamic State sympathizer. The Sleeping Giant,  a Youtube user who describes himself a  disaffected former liberal who just so happens to be gay,  made an emotional appeal for Trump in the video:Hillary Clinton is up there talking about guns. And I just wanted to pull my hair out of my head in frustration because this isn t about guns. If he [Omar Mateen] didn t have a gun then maybe it would have been a bomb. It could have been arson. It could have been any number of tools to kill people because it s not about the tool. It s about terrorism. It s about radical Islam. And we need to say it. Because if we can t even say it then how are we going to fight it?In November, we have two options. You may not like either of them. A lot of people don t. You have Hillary Clinton and you have Donald Trump. And all I can say right now is that Hillary Clinton is politicizing this and talking about gun control. And Donald Trump, for all his faults, has the courage to stand up and call it what it is. Radical Islam. It is terrorism. They re killing us, you guys. They re killing us.I want him to fight them. I want them to pay. And I m not ashamed to say it that I want revenge.Via: Breitbart News ",0
13674,BUSTED! Main Political “Fact” Checker For SNOPES Is FINALLY EXPOSED As Liberal Hack,"Wait until you read this woman s biography and past quotes about conservatives! Popular myth-busting website Snopes originally gained recognition for being the go-to site for disproving outlandish urban legends -such as the presence of UFOs in Haiti or the existence of human-animal hybrids in the Amazon jungle.Recently, however, the site has tried to pose as a political fact-checker. But Snopes   fact-checking  looks more like playing defense for prominent Democrats like Hillary Clinton and it s political  fact-checker  describes herself as a liberal and has called Republicans  regressive  and afraid of  female agency. Snopes  main political fact-checker is a writer named Kim Lacapria. Before writing for Snopes, Lacapria wrote for Inquisitr, a blog that   oddly enough   is known for publishing fake quotes and even downright hoaxes as much as anything else.While at Inquisitr, the future  fact-checker  consistently displayed clear partisanship.She described herself as  openly left-leaning  and a liberal. She trashed the Tea Party as  teahadists.  She called Bill Clinton  one of our greatest  presidents. She claimed that conservatives only criticized Lena Dunham s comparison of voting to sex because they  fear female agency. She once wrote:  Like many GOP ideas about the poor, the panic about using food stamps for alcohol, pornography or guns seems to have been cut from whole cloth or more likely, the ideas many have about the fantasy of poverty.  (A simple fact-check would show that food stamp fraud does occur and costs taxpayers tens of millions.)Lacapria even accused the Bush administration of being  at least guilty of criminal negligience  in the September 11 attacks. (The future  fact-checker  offered no evidence to support her accusation.)Her columns apparently failed to impress her readership, oftentimes failing to get more than 10-20 shares.After blogging the Inquisitr, Lacapria joined Snopes, where she regularly plays defense for her fellow liberals.She wrote a  fact check  article about Jimmy Carter s unilateral ban of Iranian nationals from entering the country that looks more like an opinion column arguing against Donald Trump s proposed Muslim ban.Similarly, Lacapria   in another  fact check  article   argued Hillary Clinton hadn t included Benghazi at all in her infamous  we didn t lose a single person in Libya  gaffe. Lacapria claimed Clinton only meant to refer to the 2011 invasion of Libya (but not the 2012 Benghazi attack) but offered little fact-based evidence to support her claim.After the Orlando terror attack, Lacapria claimed that just because Omar Mateen was a registered Democrat with an active voter registration status didn t mean he was actually a Democrat. Her  fact check  argued that he might  have chosen a random political affiliation when he initially registered. Lacapria even tried to contradict the former Facebook workers who admitted that Facebook regularly censors conservative news, dismissing the news as  rumors. In that  fact check  article, Lacapria argued that  Facebook Trending s blacklisting of  junk topics  was not only not a scandalous development, but to be expected following the social network s crackdown on fake news sites.  The opinion-heavy article was mockingly titled: The Algorithm Is Gonna Get You.Lacapria again played defense for Clinton in a fact check article when she claimed:  Outrage over an expensive Armani jacket worn by Hillary Clinton was peppered with inaccurate details. One of the  inaccurate details  cited by Lacapria was that,  The cost of men s suits worn by fellow politicians didn t appear in the article for contrast.  She also argued the speech Clinton gave while wearing the $12,495 jacket, which discussed  raising wages and reducing inequality,  wasn t actually about income inequality.Read more: Daily Caller",0
13675,FRIGHTENING POWER OF THE PRESS: You Won’t Believe What 41% Of Americans Are Calling Orlando Terror Attack,"Remember when the press used to actually report the news? Today they are nothing more than a mouthpiece for the Obama administration and Democrat party. There isn t a radical agenda this  President  and his regime want pushed that s off limits for today s mainstream media. So you have an Islamic terrorist who even in 2001 as a teenager was cheering the 9/11 attack. He cased different targets, including Disney World (happy, but not a  gay  target) and prepared for the attack apparently for quite some time. He listened to Anwar al Awlaki videos, and has connection to radicals like American suicide Moner Abu Salha. He makes comments to coworkers about his connections to terrorists that spark them to call the FBI. During the attack, he calls media, says he s doing it because of ISIS, tells the victims that s why he s doing it, tells the police that s why he s doing it. He also tells victims he s doing it because the  US bombing of my country'[Afghanistan, he was born in NY but apparently self-identified as Afghan]. ISIS claims the attack and calls him a  soldier of the caliphate .The police never say it s Islamic terrorism, and they immediately said the morning after,  there are leanings in that direction . They have reported the connections to radicals and are still looking at all the connections now.But it s  domestic gun violence  to these people?Check out the poll below:Why? Because of the media narrative and politicians like Obama and Clinton pushing it.At least 48% (translate Republicans and people with sense) get it.Via: Weasel Zippers",0
13676,ARIZONA BIKERS ARE ABOUT To Become Violent “Dreamers” Worst Nightmare At Upcoming Phoenix Trump Rally," The Left has been itching for a fight the only problem is, they ve been itching for a fight against Trump supporters who re outnumbered so they can t fight back. They may be biting off a bit more than they can chew this time around A group of bikers said it plans to protect supporters from possible violence at a Donald Trump rally scheduled to be held in Phoenix on Saturday. We re going to stand between them and any protesters that come onto the property and hopefully protect them from any bodily harm, should it get to that point,  Cindy Perrin with Lions Guard Arizona said.The rally is expected to begin Saturday about 4 p.m. at the Veterans Memorial Coliseum on the Arizona State Fairgrounds near 19th Avenue and McDowell Road.The protest will be held at nearby Encanto Park from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.Perrin said the biker group, made up mostly of retired police officers, such as herself, and veterans, will be wearing American flag bandanas so they are easy to identify. If they have any problems, they ll be able to locate us and ask us for help,  she said.Perrin said her group is not expecting things to take a violent turn outside of Trump s rally, unlike several events the presumptive Republican presidential nominee hosted in California. We re not expecting it to get to that point in Arizona,  she said.The bikers will not be the only group attempting to keep things calm on Saturday. Arizona Department of Public Safety Capt. Damon Cecil said his organization has reached out to groups both for and against Trump. Most of those groups   not all, but most of those groups   we have talked to their leadership and got assurances their protests were going to be peaceful,  he said.Protest organizers are also hoping things remain civil. My message to the folks that want to protest is: You know what? Why don t you pick up a clipboard, let s get some voter registrations and get some more families registered to vote who will vote against Trump come November,  Tony Navarette with Promise Arizona said.DREAM Act advocate Carmen Cornejo said protesters who act violently are doing nothing more than falling into line with Trump s rhetoric. I invite all young people to not react with violence to the provocations and the incendiary comments of Mr. Trump,  she said. Via: KTAR",0
13677,MUSLIM INVASION OF AMERICA In Full Swing: Obama On Pace To Issue Over 1 Million Green Cards To Migrants From Muslim Majority Nations,"    (Welcome) to America We hope you enjoy our benefits. Please feel free to NOT assimilate  Coming soon: Press 1 for English, 2 for Spanish and 3 for Arabic The Obama Administration is on pace to issue more than a million green cards to migrants from majority-Muslim countries, according to an analysis of Department of Homeland Security data.A chart released by the Senate Subcommittee on Immigration and the National Interest Friday details the surge in immigration to the U.S. from majority-Muslim countries since President Barack Obama took office in 2009.Specifically, in the first six fiscal years of Obama s presidency (FY2009   FY2014), his administration issued 832,014 green cards to migrants majority-Muslim countries, the most of which were issued to migrants from Pakistan (102,000), Iraq (102,000), Bangladesh (90,000), Iran (85,000), Egypt (56,000), and Somalia (37,000).The total 832,014 new permanent residents do not include migrants on temporary, nonimmigrant visas   which allow foreign nationals to come to the U.S. temporarily for work, study, tourism and the like. As the subcommittee notes, the number also does not include those migrants who overstayed the terms of their visas.Regardless, as the subcommittee explained in its analysis, the U.S. is playing host to immigrants from majority Muslim countries at an increasing pace.Between FY 2013 and FY 2014, the number of green cards issued to migrants from Muslim-majority countries increased dramatically   from 117,423 in FY 2013, to 148,810 in FY 2014, a nearly 27 percent increase. Throughout the Obama Administration s tenure, the United States has issued green cards to an average of 138,669 migrants from Muslim-majority countries per year, meaning that it is nearly certain the United States will have issued green cards to at least 1.1 million migrants from Muslim-majority countries on the President s watch. It has also been reported that migration from Muslim-majority countries represents the fastest growing class of migrants.Green cards, or Lawful Permanent Residency, puts immigrants on the path to citizenship and allows for lifetime residency, federal benefits, and work authorization. Included in the totals are refugees, who are required to apply for a green card after one year of residency in the U.S. Unlike other types of immigrants, refugees are immediately eligible for welfare benefits including Temporary Assistance to Needy Families (TANF), food stamps, and Medicaid. Via: Breitbart News ",0
13678,GUN GRABBING PROGRESSIVES AND DUE PROCESS: Watch Trey Gowdy Grill Gov’t Thug On Due Process [Video],"We love this guy! Trey Gowdy gets it and gives a lesson to a DHS thug on due process! Yes! For progressives, the problem isn t Islam; it is the Constitution. Senator Joe Manchin (D-WV)   who was elected as a supposedly pro-gun moderate   is remarkably frank:Appearing on Morning Joe to discuss the gun control measures Democratic senators filibustered for 15 hours to advance, Senator Manchin said,  Due process is what s killing us right now. Due process is killing us. If only we lived in a dictatorship with no limit on government power, everything would be fine (never mind that the FBI dropped the ball on the Omar Mateen case). At least it would be fine for Joe Manchin.Manchin gibbered incoherently that Mateen was on a terrorist watch list. Not at the time of the massacre he wasn t. The FBI investigated him twice due to all the red flags he was waving, but he was effectively cleared.A gun shop warned the FBI about Mateen prior to Orlando. But the agency didn t listen (now it has no comment).But if we just sacrifice our most basic liberties, boobs like Manchin will somehow keep us safe.It isn t just the Second Amendment that our progressive rulers want to use Islamic terror attacks as a pretext to destroy. They aren t fond of the Fifth or Fourteenth either. Both have due process clauses. As even liberal Slate recognizes,If the government can revoke your right to access firearms simply because it has decided to place you on a secret, notoriously inaccurate list, it could presumably restrict your other rights in a similar manner. You could be forbidden from advocating for causes you believe in, or associating with like-minded activists; your right against intrusive, unreasonable searches could be suspended. And you would have no recourse: The government could simply declare that, as a name on a covert list, you are owed no due process at all.That is, you have no rights at all.Discarding the Constitution isn t enough for Vox editor Emmett Rensin; he wants to abolish private property in the name of disarming law-abiding citizens: This presents a catch-22 for leftists. If they need to confiscate all of our property in order to take our guns, how will they prevent us from using guns to defend our property?Let s send progressives back to 2015 so that Trey Gowdy can give them a lesson in due process.",0
13679,WATCH: TRUMP YARD SIGN VANDALS Get Big Surprise When Homeowner Pulls Gun On Them,"A Californian with a gun and a Trump sign in his front yard. Sounds like defending that sign could turn into a full-time job A San Diego man with a Donald Trump yard sign in front of his house confronted a group of would-be vandals with a rifle on Wednesday evening. The vandals panicked and dialed 911. Police questioned the resident, Taren Meacham, but did not arrest him. Local ABC News affiliate 10 News reports:At around 10 p.m., a neighbor reportedly witnessed a group of four friends who had been walking down a sidewalk in the 100 block of West Juniper Street meddling with the campaign sign. The friends appeared to have been drinking.Witnesses told San Diego police, the neighbor allegedly exited his home with a rifle and threatened the group using profanity. At one point he allegedly told them,  I ve been waiting to use this. One of the people attempting to vandalize the sign recalled the event from her perspective:Ashton Ferejan says she panicked when he pointed the gun at her, her husband and friends, I kind of just screamed  get back, get back,  some of us yelled, my husband was like  are you serious, put down the weapon, this is ridiculous,  Ferejan said.Neighbors reportedly know Meacham, who owns a tattoo shop named  Love and Terror,  as a calm person. Evidently, however, he was prepared to defend his political preferences and his property.Meacham was recently featured by the San Diego Union-Tribune in a photo gallery of local Trump supporters:Vandalism of Trump yard signs is not new in Southern California. Recently, Breitbart News noted a case in which a Trump sign in Oceanside had been defaced with the words  f*** you a-hole,  with the message signed,  a Mexican. Criminal charges are unlikely against Meecham, who did not actually fire his rifle in the incident. Via: Breitbart News",0
13680,PAUL RYAN IGNORES EXECUTIVE ORDERS OBAMA… SAYS He’ll Sue Trump Over Muslim Ban,"Paul Ryan has had almost 8 years to lead the charge to impeach Obama for his unlawful, unconstitutional acts against America. Where was all of the tough talk from Ryan when Obama was shoving Obamacare down our throats? House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) has made clear he doesn t agree with a proposal put forward by Donald Trump   whom Ryan has endorsed   to ban Muslim immigration into the United States, but in an interview with the Huffington Post Thursday, Ryan floated taking a President Trump to court if he tried to implement such a ban or some of his other controversial proposals unilaterally. I would sue any president that exceeds his or her powers,  Ryan said in a back-and-forth about Trump s claims that he could implement a Muslim ban or build a Mexican border wall without congressional approval.REALLY Paul? Where have you been for the past year?Ryan said he wasn t sure of the  legal question  of whether Trump could institute a Muslim ban on his own as president. That s a legal question that there s a good debate about,  he said, citing the 1952 Immigration and Nationality Act. On the broader question, are we going to exert our Article I powers and reclaim this Article I power no matter who the president is? Absolutely,  Ryan said. He also said he discussed the limits of the executive power with Trump.In the interview, Ryan said his endorsement of real estate mogul did not give Trump  a blank check,  and that he was still trying to achieve  real unity  between the presumptive nominee and his caucus. I am going to keep being who I am, I am going to keep speaking out on things where I think it s needed, where our principles need to be defended, and I am going to keep doing that, I hope it s not necessary,  Ryan said.  But the last thing I want to see is a another Democrat in the White House  Via: Talking Points Memo",0
13681,FLORIDA GOVERNOR GOES OFF ON OBAMA: “The Second Amendment Didn’t Kill Any Of These Individuals…Radical Islam Killed Them” [VIDEO],"Florida Governor Rick Scott is not holding anything back. He is angry that Obama has made the Second Amendment the enemy while ignoring ISIS. We need a President who says my number one job right now is, on top of turning the economy around is to destroy ISIS. ",0
13682,"5-STAR MOOCH, HER TAXPAYER FUNDED MOM And Meryl Streep Travel To Africa To Discuss “Gender Inequality”","One of the countries Mooch and her taxpayer funded mom and daughters will be visiting was devastated by Ebola less than two years ago. I m sure the first thing on their minds (after wondering where their next meal will come from or if they ll live past the age of 15 years) is  gender inequality!  Way to waste hundreds of thousands of taxpayer dollars that could be spent to help unemployed Americans find jobs or to improve the health care for veterans. Actresses Meryl Streep and Frieda Pinto are set to join First Lady Michelle Obama and First Daughters Sasha and Malia Obama for a trip to Liberia and Morocco in late June to promote the White House s  Let Girls Learn  female education initiative. The First Family   who will also be joined by Obama s mother, Mrs. Marian Robinson   will visit Margibi County, Liberia, Marrakech, Morroco and Madrid, Spain from June 27 July 1, according to a White House press release.Pinto, 31, perhaps best known for her role in the Oscar-winning film Slumdog Millionaire, will join Michelle Obama at a school in Unification Town in Liberia on June 27 to meet with young girls to discuss the obstacles they face in attaining an education. Pinto will moderate the discussion, and the pair will be joined by Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf.Obama is also scheduled to visit a Peace Corps training facility in Kakata while in Liberia.The following day, Streep will join Obama and Pinto in Morocco for a discussion centered on girls  education moderated by CNN s Isha Sesay. On the final day of the trip, Obama will visit Madrid to deliver a speech highlighting the White House s Let Girls Learn initiative. The First Lady will also meet Queen Letizia while in Spain.According to a rough cost estimate of the trip conducted by the Daily Mail, the First Family s overseas visit could cost as much as $300,000 in taxpayer funds for airfare alone. The outlet reports that the First Lady s plane generally costs $11,684 per hour to operate; with roughly 25 hours of flight time scheduled, the airfare alone could come out to just under $300,000.The Mail notes that the First Lady s 2011 trip to Botswana and South Africa cost $424,142 in travel and plane crew fees.The three-country trip in late June could be Michelle Obama s final overseas trip as First Lady, as President Obama has just seven months left in office.Streep and Michelle Obama have teamed up to discuss gender equality before; in 2015, the pair gave a joint interview to More magazine in which the Oscar-winning actress said that women in America have not yet reached full equality with men.- BreitbartHas anyone else ever noticed how carefully Marian Robinson is covered up in all of the 5-star vacation photos that are taken by the mainstream media? It s almost as if they don t want the American taxpayer to see that we re footing the bill for her to accompany her greedy daughter and ungrateful grandchildren on their 5-star vacations.  Can you spot Granny above? ",0
13683,RACIST OPRAH MAKES SAME MISTAKE…TWICE,"Just remember, the woman who believes Hillary is the best candidate for the job because she has a vagina, is the same person who thought America needed the first Black President to bring us together  Never mind that the only thing keeping Hillary from spending the next two decades in jail is the  first black President  Oprah endorsed 8 years ago.Oprah Winfrey is throwing her support behind Hillary Clinton.Winfrey spoke with ET s Nancy O Dell at the premiere of her new OWN drama, Greenleaf, and the media mogul opened up about the possibility of America electing its first female president. I really believe that is going to happen,  said Winfrey, 62.  It s about time that we make that decision. Regardless of your politics, it s a seminal moment for women,  she continued.  What this says is, there is no ceiling, that ceiling just went boom! It says anything is possible when you can be leader of the free world. I m with her,  Oprah added, touting Clinton s campaign slogan and effectively endorsing the former Secretary of State. Clinton, the presumptive Democratic Party nominee for president, was also recently endorsed by President Barack Obama, who declined to back any candidate until the primaries had ended.   ET",0
13684,FORMER INTEL CHAIR Hammers Obama On His Anti-Trump Speech [Video],Former Republican House Intelligence Cmte. Chairman disagrees with Pres. Obama s rant on Donald Trump and his avoidance of the term  radical Islam . ,0
13685,EMBARRASSING: Pro-Gun Control Reporter Attempts Hit Job On AR-15’s…Claims He Got “Temporary PTSD”…Viewers Respond: “If you have a man card turn it in immediately” [VIDEO],"What is it about liberal men that makes a woman want to shoot him up with testosterone just to make him tolerable?  Gersh Kuntzman of the New York Daily News has been roundly mocked since the publishing of an article headlined  What is it like to fire an AR-15? It s horrifying, menacing and very very loud. The article also contains a video of Kuntzman shooting the AR-15, a segment put together one day after the Orlando massacre.He described the experience as an  explosion of firepower  that was  humbling and deafening,  but it was a line at the end of the article that people really took issue with. The brass shell casings disoriented me as they flew past my face. The smell of sulfur and destruction made me sick,  he said.  The explosions   loud like a bomb   gave me a temporary case of PTSD. For at least an hour after firing the gun just a few times, I was anxious and irritable. It was the  temporary case of PTSD  that critics found inappropriate and Kuntzman added a note about it after publishing, while linking to a follow-up story showcasing some of the responses he received.Many people have objected to my use of the term  PTSD  in the above story. The use of this term was in no way meant to conflate my very temporary anxiety with the very real condition experienced by many of our brave men and women in uniform. I regret the inarticulate use of the term to describe my in-the-moment impression of the gun s firepower, and apologize for it. I have also posted a follow up piece here.In the follow-up mentioned, which Kuntzman headlined  To gun lovers, you can t even have an opinion on assault rifles   unless it s theirs. Here s the proof,  the writer opened by saying  The gun debate is also a gender war. In all my years in journalism   coming up on 30 (thanks)   I have never received so much angry mail as I did after yesterday s story. Here is a sampling of the  angry mail  he received: Kuntzman is an outright liar. Nice try with an extremely stupid article which only appealed to girly boys and women of NYC and like the sheeple they are probably believed the lies. Hey there Cupcake! I have never subscribed to the idea of  gender confusion,  but after reading your article on the AR-15, I m a believer because there is no way you and I are the same gender. You should surrender your testicles to the Department of Girlymen. I m not sure where it s located, but your girlfriend Barack does! You f king pussy. If you have a man card turn it in immediately. You might be better served writing about feminine hygiene products!!! Maybe you can get some balls through Obamacare! Huntsman said these were only the printable responses he received.Via:Rare.us",0
13686,WOW! CRAZY WHITE LIBERAL Screams At Black Trump Supporter On Racism [Video],"The two videos below are from the Trump rally in Atlanta today   two great examples of how twisted the left is!Back and forth between Trump supporters and Trump protesters outside the Fox. pic.twitter.com/2ih1aw19hp  Richard Elliot (@RElliotWSB) June 15, 2016 BLM PROTESTER Debates Trump Supporters: ",0
13687,“MODERATE” MUSLIM SILENCE? Neighbors: “They Kept To Themselves…They Did Not Wear Religious Garb”…PEOPLE WHO KNEW HIM: “He Expressed Support For Terror Groups”,"If the Muslim terrorist who killed 49 people and wounded several others in a gay nightclub in Orlando had been scouting out Disneyworld and other possible soft targets in the Orlando area, why is this the first time we are hearing about it? Did his Muslim wife have her mouth taped shut? If friends are now coming forward to tell authorities that the Ft. Pierce terrorist had expressed support for terror groups, why didn t they contact the FBI before he committed a horrific  act of terror in America?  And finally, if the Ft. Pierce terrorist, who was clearly making incendiary statements, was visiting nations who fund the campaigns of United States Presidential candidates like Hillary Clinton, and have a history of supporting terror groups, should the FBI be held accountable, or should every US citizen demand the people who knew he posed a danger, but kept silent be held accountable?  Meanwhile, Barack Hussein Obama blames America and uses this horrific tragedy to trash Donald Trump and to promote his final, (and maybe most important) action that would prove his disdain for America and our Constitution GUN CONTROL.Orlando gunman Omar Mateen s two trips to Saudi Arabia, one of which was a pricey package that included four-star accommodations and fancy meals, were highly unusual and may have been cover for terror training, according to experts.The FBI is piecing together Mateen s radical Islam roots, and the trips to Saudi Arabia could be a sign of his growing religious devotion. His stated reason for both the 2011 and 2012 trips was umrah, a Muslim pilgrimage to the Kingdom that is not as significant as the hajj, a trip all Muslims must make to Mecca at least once in their lives. Either or both of the trips could also have included a side trip. It s very possible for someone to take a trip to a country like Saudi Arabia and declare it as their destination when it is in actuality just a pit stop to a different country like Yemen,  said Ryan Mauro, national security analyst for Clarion Project, a New York-based research institute that tracks global terrorism.  Based on his blatant extremism and ties to a convicted Orlando imam known for facilitating international jihadists traveling, the strong likelihood is that these trips were not benign. Mateen, 29, killed 49 people and wounded 53 inside the gay nightclub Pulse early Sunday, holding dozens hostage for hours before a SWAT team stormed the building and killed him in a gun battle. While holding captives, Mateen made multiple calls to 911, professing his allegiance to ISIS and support for the Muslim brothers who bombed the 2013 Boston Marathon, police said.When Mateen aligned himself with terrorists is not yet clear, but his trips to Saudi Arabia would have put him within a day s drive of Yemen, where Al Qaeda on the Arabian Peninsula has long had a large presence, and where ISIS also has gained a foothold in recent years. Several radicalized Americans have traveled to Yemen to train in terror camps.Mateen s first trip to Saudi Arabia was for 10 days, and the jaunt a year later was for eight. The 2011 trip was arranged by U.S.-based Islamic travel agency Dar El Salam and was a package the company calls the  Sacred Caravan Umrah. The package costs up to $4,000 and is generally comprised of four nights at four-star accommodations in Mecca and six nights in Medina, complete with buffet meals, sightseeing and religious studies and lectures.The travel agency did not respond to a request for comment.The second trip included a stop in the United Arab Emirates, but the exact itinerary of either trip is not known. The FBI, which searched Mateen s condominium in Fort Pierce, Fla., overnight Sunday and into Monday morning, taking a computer and several other items, declined to comment on what investigators may have learned about Mateen s travels.Muslim leaders said it was unusual for Mateen to have made two visits to Saudi Arabia in consecutive years   the first when he was just 24.Okay so why didn t anyone report his trips to the FBI??? It s not cheap to do so and people that young usually don t go twice,  said Adnan Khan, former leader of the Council of Pakistan-American Affairs.  And especially considering he appeared not to have come from a staunchly religious background. Okay so why didn t anyone report his trips to the FBI??? A single trip to Saudi Arabia could be attributed to the mandatory hajj or umrah, but the second trip and the visit to the UAE suggest that his stated reason for traveling was a cover,  he said.  Even if the trip included legitimate religious travel, it does not mean the activity was limited to that. One umrah is usually enough for a Muslim, said Timothy Furnish, an expert in Islamic history and consultant to the Pentagon, The fact that Mateen made two of those would suggest that he felt he had many sins needing rectifying and/or he was not engaged solely in religious activity but meeting with someone in Saudi Arabia,  Furnish said.Mateen was born in New York to Afghan immigrants. People that knew him have said he was not overtly religious, but often expressed anger and a deep hatred of minorities. He had once aspired to be a police officer, was trained with weapons and worked for an international security firm after being fired from a job as a prison guard.The Saudi Embassy in Washington did not immediately respond to a request for comment.Those Saudi s are quick to react when it comes to writing a check to the Clinton Crime Syndicate/Hillary for President fund though!Neighbors in the quiet condominium complex where Mateen lived with his 3-year-old son and wife, Noor Zahi Salman, said the couple kept to themselves and did not wear religious garb. We were all shocked when we found out,  one neighbor told FoxNews.com.  The most activity I ever saw from the apartment was his girlfriend   or wife   walking to the mailbox and back with their child. However, sources say Mateen had a large collection of Islamic literature in his home, and people who knew him said he had expressed support for various terrorist groups.- FOX NewsWouldn t any sane person knew someone who expressed support for terrorist groups report them to the proper authorities? ",0
13688,LOL! PRINCE of Country Who Gave Hillary $50 Million BEGS Americans NOT To Vote For Trump,"Sounds like one of the best reasons ever TO vote for Trump A Saudi prince has urged Americans not to vote for Donald Trump in the upcoming general election.Turki al-Faisal, who served as Saudia Arabia s ambassador to the US from 2005 to 2007, spoke against the presumptive Republican nominee during a foreign policy dinner in Washington, DC on Thursday.He blasted Trump s proposal to ban Muslims from entering the US, which the billionaire first formulated in December last year before renewing his vow on Wednesday. For the life of me, I cannot believe that a country like the United States can afford to have someone as president who simply says,  These people are not going to be allowed to come to the United States,  Turki said according to the Huffington Post. It s up to you, it s not up to me,  Turki added.  I just hope you, as American citizens, will make the right choice in November. This plea to NOT vote for Trump should come as no surprise since Saudi Arabia has donated up to $50 million to the Clinton FoundationWFB  The gulf nations represent three of the largest donors to the foundation, but that is hardly the extent of their ties to the Clintons. Qatari, UAE, and Saudi firms paid Bill Clinton millions of dollars for speeches during the time Hillary served as secretary of state, when she also approved weapons deals with all three countries worth billions of dollars to U.S. defense firms, many of which are also Clinton Foundation donors.Bill Clinton has praised the Qataris as  intelligent, forward looking  investment partners for their collaboration on Clinton Foundation projects. One of Hillary s top advisers, Cheryl Mills, served on the board of the New York University campus in Abu Dhabi. Bill Clinton is the friend and former classmate of Saudi Prince Turki bin Faisal Al Saud, who recently attended a lavish Clinton Foundation conference in Marrakech, hosted by the King of Morocco. The Bill Clinton presidential library in Little Rock was funded in part by a $10 million from the Saudi Royal family.Turk, who went to Georgetown University in Washington, DC, isn t currently part of Saudia Arabia s government but serves as the chairman of the King Faisal Center for Research and Islamic Studies, a cultural organization that conducts research in politics, sociology and heritage. h/t: Breitbart News Via: Daily Mail ",0
13689,"WHY ARE WE IMPORTING HATE AND INTOLERANCE? U.S.Has Imported Over 674,000 Migrants From Countries Who EXECUTE Gays","When you read these statistics, the Orlando massacre of 49 innocent men and women in a public space should really come as no surprise to anyone who s paying attention Between 2001 and 2014, the United States has permanently resettled nearly three quarters of a million migrants (674,920) from nations that may execute gays and lesbians   including a quarter of a million (250,387) who were resettled during Hillary Clinton s tenure in the State Department. As Secretary of State, Clinton was in charge of screening visas for admission, which some foreign nationals could then adjust to receive green cards.Following the Orlando terrorist attack, in which the son of Afghan migrants targeted the LGBT community and slaughtered 49 people in a gay nightclub, Donald Trump called for a common-sense,  mainstream immigration policy that promotes American values.  Indeed, new evidence has shown that the Orlando terrorist s anti-Western values were imported from overseas   and were not  homegrown  or native to the United States absent immigration.Trump explained that the values of radical Islam   which our current immigration policies are importing into America   are  incompatible with Western values and institutions :A radical Islamic terrorist targeted the nightclub not only because he wanted to kill Americans, but in order to execute gay and lesbian citizens because of their sexual orientation. It is a strike at the heart and soul of who we are as a nation  Many of the principles of Radical Islam are incompatible with Western values and institutions. Radical Islam is anti-woman, anti-gay and anti-American. I refuse to allow America to become a place where gay people, Christian people, and Jewish people, are the targets of persecution and intimidation by Radical Islamic preachers of hate and violence.Trump pledged that, as President, he would curb the flow of assimilation-resistant migrants from terror-prone regions that  share these same oppressive views. Following the attack, the Washington Post published a list of mostly Muslim countries where homosexuality may be punished by death. The Washington Post, however, did not deem it necessary to make any mention of how many migrants from these nations that hold anti-Western, anti-LGBT values are being resettled throughout the United States.Between 2001 and 2014, the U.S. permanently resettled 674,920 migrants from nations where gays can be executed, according to data from the Department of Homeland Security (DHS).This figure does not include the total number of migrants the U.S. has permanently resettled from Muslim nations during that time, which is nearly 1.7 million.To see the breakdown of how many migrants the U.S. has admitted from countries where homosexuality can be punishable by death, click HERE.Many Washington politicians, however, have pushed to continue   and even expand-   the already record high levels of immigration from nations that hold anti-Western values.Hillary Clinton is joined in her opposition to pausing Muslim migration by House Speaker Paul Ryan, who today said that temporarily pausing Muslim migration is  not reflective of our principles  and is not  in our country s best interest. In stating his opposition to Trump s proposal, Ryan did not explain how American communities have been made better by such historic flows of Sharia-sympathetic migrants or   as Donald Trump put it    why we should admit anyone into our country who supports violence of any kind against gay and lesbian Americans. Via: Breitbart News ",0
13690,NOT NEWS: 7 DEAD…35 Wounded In Obama’s Hometown In 2 Days…WATCH: BLACK CHICAGO RESIDENTS Blame Barack Obama [VIDEO],"Chicago residents are living a nightmare. The murder and crime statistics are what you would expect to see in a war torn Middle Eastern nation.These Chicago residents have had enough and they re speaking out against Barack Obama and the Democrat party that has sold them a bill of goods:Click HERE to see more Chicago residents speak out: The liberal agenda is not the black agenda, it is not the family agenda and it s not the American agenda. Seven people were killed and at least 35 others   including a 5-year-old girl   were wounded in shootings across Chicago between Friday night and Monday morning.The weekend s latest homicide happened Sunday morning in the Englewood neighborhood on the South Side.About 8:35 a.m., an officer on patrol found 32-year-old Dwayne T. Triplett slumped over at the wheel of a vehicle near his home in the 1100 block of West 72nd Street, according to Chicago Police and the Cook County medical examiner s office.He suffered gunshot wounds to the head and chest, and was pronounced dead at the scene at 8:53 a.m., authorities said.Earlier Sunday, two men, ages 34 and 42, were slain on a Brainerd neighborhood porch on the South Side. Officers responding at 1:13 a.m. to a call of shots fired in the 9000 block of South Marshfield found them dead, one shot in the head and the other in the neck, police said.Authorities have not released their names. Family members identified the older man as Antwon Brooks, a father of two.Late Saturday in Back of the Yards, a 17-year-old boy was killed and a 19-year-old man was wounded in more South Side gunfire.They were standing in the street about 10:20 p.m. in the 5200 block of South Sangamon when a silver Audi pulled up and someone inside fired shots, police said. The 17-year-old, identified as Christopher Fields, was shot in the back and taken to Stroger Hospital, where he died at 11:17 p.m., authorities said. He lived in the 6200 block of South Csangamon. Via: CBSlocal",0
13691,SYRIAN IMMIGRANT Who Said “9-11 Changed The World For Good”…Calls Syria Her “Homeland” Is Homeland Security Advisor,"Feeling safer? One of the sitting members on the Homeland Security Advisory Council s (HSAC) Subcommittee on Countering Violent Extremism is a 25-year-old immigrant of Syrian heritage who said that the 9/11 attacks  changed the world for good  and has consistently disparaged America, free speech and white people on social media.Laila Alawa was one of just 15 people tapped to serve on the newly-formed HSAC Subcommittee on Countering Violent Extremism in 2015   the same year she became an American citizen. Just last week, the subcommittee submitted a report to Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson, recommending that the DHS avoid using Muslim terminology like the words  sharia  and  jihad  when discussing terrorism.Alawa says she immigrated into the U.S. when she was ten years old. Her family had already left Syria by the time she was born.  But I will always be Syrian. I will always be from Syria. I will always be of Syria,  she wrote in November 2015, calling the country her  homeland. In 2014, Alawa commemorated the September 11 attacks by tweeting that  9/11 changed the world for good, and there s no other way to say it. Exactly a year later, she claimed that, after September 11,  Being American meant you were white. In April 2013, she responded to a tweet from activist Pamela Geller who called the Boston Marathon bombings  jihad  by tweeting:  go fuck yourself. On September 21   the day after Secretary of State John Kerry announced that the U.S. would accept 85,000 Syrian refugees in 2016 and 100,000 more in 2017   Alawa mocked the  Salty white tears all over my newsfeed. In the Countering Violent Extremism report published last week, Alawa and her fellow subcommittee members recommended that the Department of Homeland Security  adapt to the changing nature of violent extremism itself  by devoting more attention to  anarchists, sovereign citizens, white-supremacists, and others. The report also recommended that, in order to combat violent extremism, the DHS  Focus on gender diversity of youth through careful attention to the range of push and pull factors that attract individuals of differing gender. As originally reported by The Daily Caller, the subcommittee Alawa serves on instructed the DHS to begin  using American English instead of religious, legal and cultural terms like  jihad,   sharia,   takfir  or  umma  when discussing terrorism in order to avoid offending Muslims.Two months before Secretary Johnson created the Subcommittee on Combatting Violent Extremism, Alawa tweeted:  THE US HAS NEVER BEEN A UTOPIA UNLESS YOU WERE A STRAIGHT WHITE MALE THAT OWNED LAND. straight up period go home shut up. Via: Daily Caller ",0
13692,HILLARY CLINTON’S Super Detailed Counterterrorism Strategy…LOL,And the left says Trump hasn t given details about what he ll do when president? Hillary couldn t be more clueless and vague in her Twitter statement. If she had a clue about terrorism she d know that there s no such thing as a  lone wolf . All jihadists are interconnected and fighting together for the caliphate. She s a joke! ,0
13693,BREAKING: PUTIN TIRED OF WAITING FOR Obama’s DOJ To Release Hillary’s Highly Classified Emails…Set To Release Them In Near Future,"This is not the first time Putin has warned the US to hurry up with its release of Hillary s emails. Biden better get the emergency campaign team ready. If Putin releases the unedited, corrupt version of Hillary s highly classified emails, Crooked Hillary will not likely be able to overcome the damage that will be done to what s left of her reputation. Reliable intelligence sources in the West have indicated that warnings had been received that the Russian Government could in the near future release the text of email messages intercepted from U.S. Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton s private e-mail server from the time she was U.S. Secretary of State. The release would, the messaging indicated, prove that Secretary Clinton had, in fact, laid open U.S. secrets to foreign interception by putting highly-classified Government reports onto a private server in violation of U.S. law, and that, as suspected, the server had been targeted and hacked by foreign intelligence services.The reports indicated that the decision as to whether to reveal the intercepts would be made by Russian Federation President Vladimir Putin, and it was possible that the release would, if made, be through a third party, such as Wikileaks. The apparent message from Moscow, through the intelligence community, seemed to indicate frustration with the pace of the official U.S. Department of Justice investigation into the so-called server scandal, which seemed to offer prima facie evidence that U.S. law had been violated by Mrs Clinton s decision to use a private server through which to conduct official and often highly-secret communications during her time as Secretary of State. U.S.Sources indicated that the extensive Deptartment of Justice probe was more focused on the possibility that the private server was used to protect messaging in which Secretary Clinton allegedly discussed quid pro quo transactions with private donors to the Clinton Foundation in exchange for influence on U.S. policy.The Russian possession of the intercepts, however, was designed also to show that, apart from violating U.S. law in the fundamental handling of classified documents (which Sec. Clinton had alleged was no worse than the mishandling of a few documents by CIA Director David Petraeus or Clinton s National Security Advisor Sandy Berger), the traffic included highly-classified materials which had their classification headers stripped. Russian (and other) sources had indicated frustration with the pace of the Justice Dept. probe, and its avoidance of the national security aspects of intelligence handling. This meant that the topic would be suppressed by the U.S. Barack Obama Administration so that it would not be a factor in the current U.S. Presidential election campaign, in which President Obama had endorsed Mrs Clinton. via: Oilprice.com",0
13694,WOW! MILWAUKEE SCHOOL OF ENGINEERING Professor Exposed After Student Takes Photo Of INSANE Test Question: “One Of Main Functions Of Government Is Income Redistribution”,"Socialist indoctrination starts in Kindergarten and is reinforced throughout the American student s educational journey. Parents need to pay attention to the drivel their children are being taught at school. This kind of socialist teaching is not limited to public schools, many of us have discovered that private and parochial schools are equally guilty of this type of indoctrination. Conservative Hollywood actress Sam Sorbo suggests home schooling your children to avoid government indoctrination. The role of government is to redistribute wealth, according to a course at the Milwaukee School of Engineering.A test, administered on April 29 in Professor John Traxler s Healthcare Economics class, told students that  [o]ne of the main functions of government is income redistribution,  then asked them to explain what the statement meant. The correct answer was C:  Taxing the wealthy and giving it to those in poverty. Josh Fisher, a student in the class, told Campus Reform he was flabbergasted when he saw the question, given that it is premised on an unabashedly liberal view of a politically contentious issue. When I saw it I wanted to get up and leave,  he said.  I thought  there s no way this is a real question at all. Fundamental concepts include: demand and supply, elasticity and marginalism, inflation, unemployment, business cycles, role of government,  states the course description on the school s website, adding,  These concepts are then used to explain and analyze market structures, including perfect competition and monopoly. The website also defines the course learning outcomes, which include  [analyzing] the role of government and the effect of regulation on the healthcare section as described by economics. I listen to talk radio a lot now: [Ben] Shapiro, [Steven] Crowder, [Andrew] Klavan, [Mark] Levin, and Milo [Yiannopoulos],  Fisher said.  So I knew that this type of liberal perspective being pushed on students was happening but I had no idea it was so blatant. Maybe the worst part is that so many of my classmates now believe this to be true. Several professors who spoke with Campus Reform about the matter said that while the question defines income redistribution accurately, it was unnecessary to include an endorsement of that controversial concept. This question assumes a false premise,  said Antony Davies, a professor at Duquesne University.  I do not accept the premise that redistribution is a main function of government (in general),  he added, though he did concede that  it is a main function of our government today. When asked if this is common to be taught in economics classes he claimed:  No. That s not common [to be taught]. It is common to teach that that is something governments can do. One way to read the question is that it is simply a definition: C is the definition of income redistribution. The real slant is in the start, saying that income redistribution is one of the main functions of government,  noted Mount Holyoke College economics professor Jim Hartley. Some people think that is true, but others disagree. So, if the question was written as  Income redistribution means,  the question is fine. If it started,  Some people believe one of the main functions  it would be fine,  he explained.  The assertion in the first sentence is the evidence of bias, but the question is unaffected by the bias. He also added that  The first sentence is not necessary for the test question and thus is really just serving as propaganda. Fisher told Campus Reform that he was reluctant to challenge his professor on the matter, saying,  I didn t want to risk to affecting my grade. He pushes his agenda pretty hard. The student who provided the tip wishes to remain anonymous, but added that Traxler is  pretty set with his opinion anyways,  so  I don t think [fighting him] would have made a difference. Via: Campus Reform ",0
13695,LONDON’S FIRST MUSLIM MAYOR BANS “Sexy Women” On Advertisements,"No word yet on when every female London resident will be asked to wear a hijab in public, so as not to offend the exploding Muslim population  Sadiq Khan, London s first Muslim mayor, announced Monday that  body shaming  advertisements will no longer be allowed in London s public transport. As the father of two teenage girls, I am extremely concerned about this kind of advertising which can demean people, particularly women, and make them ashamed of their bodies. It is high time it came to an end,  Khan said.No one's confidence or body image should be undermined by ads on our transport system. I've strengthened @TfL policy https://t.co/AJ7qYDQW0T  Mayor of London (@MayorofLondon) June 13, 2016Here are just a few Twitter (not G-rated) responses that the Mayor got to his tweet above:The mayor added,  Nobody should feel pressurised, while they travel on the Tube or bus, into unrealistic expectations surrounding their bodies and I want to send a clear message to the advertising industry about this. Khan was not clear in what would determine which ads would be banned, as it doesn t include all images of people in underwear or swimming clothes. Most underwear and bikini models though can be assumed to have non-average bodies. Via: Daily Caller",0
13696,NOT KIDDING! HILLARY’S State Department Blocked Investigation Into Muslim Terrorist’s Florida Mosque Because “It Unfairly Targeted Muslims”,"Nothing to see here. Hillary was likely just fulfilling a promise to a foreign Muslim donor. It wasn t the first time she gave a  stand down  order and if the Democrat party can help it, it won t be the last Hillary Clinton s State Dept. shut down an investigation into the mosque Orlando killer Omar Mir Siddique Mateen attended because it  unfairly singled out Muslims. The Fort Pierce Islamic Center, where Mateen worshipped several times a week, was under investigation by both the FBI and DHS as early as 2011 for ties to a worldwide Islamic movement known as Tablighi Jamaal which was linked to several terrorist organizations.But the investigation was shut down under pressure from the Clinton-ran State Dept. and DHS s Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Office out of fear of offending Muslims, according to recently retired DHS agent Philip Haney. The FBI had opened cases twice on him, and yet they found no evidence to charge him; it means they didn t go through the same basic, analytical process that I went through over a three- or four-hour period in which I was able to link the mosque to my previous cases,  he told WND on Sunday.In other words, the FBI had limited options at stopping Mateen because it was ordered to back off its investigation into his mosque.Both Clinton and the Obama administration have a history of enabling Islamic terrorism.In 2012, Clinton s State Dept. was backing al-Qaeda in Iraq, which morphed into ISIS, and other Islamic extremist groups as a proxy army to topple Syrian President Bashir al-Assad. The Salafist [sic], the Muslim Brotherhood and AQI [al-Qaeda in Iraq] are the major forces driving the insurgency in Syria,  a leaked memo between her State Dept. and the Pentagon stated.  The West, Gulf countries, and Turkey support [this] opposition, while Russia, China and Iran  support the [Assad] regime. The FBI had opened cases twice on him, and yet they found no evidence to charge him; it means they didn t go through the same basic, analytical process that I went through over a three- or four-hour period in which I was able to link the mosque to my previous cases,  he told WND on Sunday. This secret document confirms that Clinton s State Dept.   and the Obama administration in general   were directly responsible for the rise of ISIS, which is now targeting the West. The former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, confirmed the document s importance.  I don t know that [the Obama administration] turned a blind eye [to ISIS], I think it was a decision; I think it was a willful decision,  he said.Clinton even admitted some responsibility. The United States had   to be fair   we had helped create the problem we re now fighting,  she said in an interview with Fox anchor Greta Van Susteren.  When the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan, we had this brilliant idea we were going to come to Pakistan and create a force on Mujahideen, equip them with Stinger missiles and everything else to go after the Soviets inside Afghanistan. For entire story: InfoWars",0
13697,WHOA! Did Donald Trump Just Imply Obama Is Working On Behalf Of Muslim Terrorists? [VIDEO],And if Trump did indeed imply Obama was working on behalf of Muslim terrorists do you believe he s correct?,0
13698,BREAKING: FL MUSLIM TERRORIST Worked For Security Company Who Quietly Transports And RELEASES Van Loads Of ILLEGAL ALIENS Away From Border For U.S. Government,"As a side note, the illegal aliens who are being dropped off across America in vans are OTM s or Other Than Mexicans. Can the mainstream media PLEASE start doing their job and exposing this corrupt administration? In a surprising discovery, the Palm Beach Post first reported that according to state records, Orlando shooter Omar Mateen   who as we reported earlier was licensed as a security guard and also holds a firearms license   was employed by the US subsidiary of G4S plc, a British multinational security services company, whose US-headquarters are located in Jupiter, Fla, and which also happens to be the world s largest security company by revenue.Shortly thereafter, G4S confirmed that Omar Mateen has worked for the company since 2007. This is the statement released from G4S: We are shocked and saddened by the tragic event that occurred at the Orlando nightclub. We can confirm that Omar Mateen had been employed with G4S since September 10, 2007. We are cooperating fully with all law enforcement authorities, including the FBI, as they conduct their investigation. Our thoughts and prayers are with all of the friends, families and people affected by this unspeakable tragedy.  In other words, Mateen who according to preliminary reports, had been on a terrorist watchlist, and who still managed to obtain weapons thanks to his various licenses and permits just last week, was employed by one of the world s largest security companies, where he may have had extensive clearances well above his pay grade, not to mention access to sophisticated military weapons and equipment.But where it gets more disturbing is that as Judicial Watch reported several days ago, in a post titled,  DHS Quietly Moving, Releasing Vanloads Of Illegal Aliens Away From Border , border patrol sources said that the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) was quietly transporting illegal immigrants from the Mexican border to Phoenix and releasing them without proper processing or issuing court appearance documents. As a reminder, the government classifies them as Other Than Mexican (OTM) and this week around 35 were transferred 116 miles north from Tucson to a Phoenix bus station where they went their separate way. Judicial Watch was present when one of the white vans carrying a group of OTMs arrived at the Phoenix Greyhound station on Buckeye Road.And this is where the Mateen-G4S link emerges: as JW reported previously, a security company contracted by the U.S. government is driving the OTMs from the Border Patrol s Tucson Sector where they were in custody to Phoenix, sources said. The firm is the abovementioned G4S, the world s leading security solutions group with operations in more than 100 countries and 610,000 employees. G4S has more than 50,000 employees in the U.S. and its domestic headquarters is in Jupiter, Florida.Judicial Watch noted that it had filed a number of public records requests to get more information involving the arrangement between G4S and the government, specifically the transport of illegal immigrants from the Mexican border to other parts of the country. The photo below shows the uniformed G4S guard that transported the OTMs this week from Tucson to Phoenix.Outraged Border Patrol agents and supervisors on the front lines say illegal immigrants are being released in droves because there s no room to keep them in detention.  They re telling us to put them on a bus and let them go,  said one law enforcement official in Arizona.  Just move those bodies across the country.  Officially, DHS denies this is occurring and in fact earlier this year U.S. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner R. Gil Kerlikowske blasted Border Patrol union officials for denouncing this dangerous catch-and-release policy. Kerlikowske s scolding came in response to the congressional testimony of Bandon Judd, chief of the National Border Patrol Council, the labor union that represents line agents. Judd told lawmakers on the House Judiciary Committee that illegal immigrants without serious criminal convictions can be released immediately and disappear into the shadows. Kerlikowske shot back, telling a separate congressional committee:  I would not stand by if the Border Patrol was   releasing people without going through all of the formalities.Meanwhile, the Hill reported that Mateen s employment, and gun licenses, were untouched even though the FBI confirmed it had interviewed the 29-year-old three times before the shooting took place early Sunday morning. An official said that the FBI first became aware of the suspect, Omar Mateen, 29, in 2013 when he made  inflammatory comments to coworkers alleging possible terrorist ties. In the course of that investigation, Mateen was interviewed twice, but the FBI was unable to verify the substance of his comments. Via: Zero HedgeShares in G4S have fallen heavily after the UK security services company said Omar Mateen, who killed 49 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida, was an employee.G4S said Mateen was an armed security officer and that it was trying to establish whether weapons used in the attack on the Pulse gay nightclub were related to his work. The company supplies its armed employees with guns in the US and does not allow them to use their own.G4S shares dropped by as much as 7.5% and were the biggest fallers among leading UK shares. The company employs 620,000 people in more than 110 countries and the US is one of its biggest markets.Jasper Lawler, an analyst at CMC Markets, a City spread betting firm, said it did not look good for G4S to have employed Mateen while he was being investigated by the FBI. G4S has more than 50,000 employees in the US, a large proportion of which are involved in government contracts. If the name of G4S starts getting dragged through the mud, US contracts may become harder to come by.  Via: Guardian",0
13699,HILARIOUS! WATCH What Happens When Campus Cops Try To Kick “Students For Trump” Off Campus For Building Trump Wall [VIDEO],"Where there s a will, there s a way and these awesome students certainly don t lack the will to succeed in their quest to protect their precious First Amendment Right! The Portland State University Students For Trump chapter were back at it, this time holding an event called  BUILD THE WALL , where they literally brought a replica wall to campus.At first campus police told them they could not bring it on the university property because it is a  structure  and they didn t have a permit. What s quite interesting about that is the fact that the wackjob SJW groups on campus have been getting away with violating  policy  after  policy  over and over during their protests and marches. They use amplified devices, march through the halls of the buildings screaming and yelling, they literally took over a PSU board of trustees meeting that cause the board members to flee, and they staged a  die in  in the street, all of which were ignored by campus police and, as far as this author can tell, no punishment was handed down. If there were, then they were so light that it did not cause any of the students to think twice before doing it all again at the next protest.The students began setting up The Wall off campus, then realized what cucks the campus police are and that none of the policies would be enforced, so they returned to the park blocks in the heart of the campus. This time a city park Ranger decided to tell them the wall had to go. The students made the case that The Wall was a  sign  and not a  structure . The Ranger cucked himself off and the students continued on, with police monitoring both on the ground in uniform, and in plain clothes from the balcony of a nearby building, where an officer had a video camera and was filming the event.WATCH HERE:WATCH these awesome students give offended liberals a lesson in tolerance and truth:And what could possibly offend a liberal more than LGBT s for Trump? Mainstream media asked the Trump students to clarify on the race issue. One old bag and her daughter (?) went on about how Trump s immigration policy is racist, and while a Trump supporter is calmly responding, the young hagling just says  Let s go. Fuck Donald Trump  while, as usual, flipping everyone off.Via: Progressives Today ",0
13700,POLITICAL SHOCKER: Barney Frank Is In Trump’s Camp On The Solution To Radical Islam,"We can all agree on solutions to end terrorism but it takes something like a horrific terror attack to ditch the pc and work together to enforce common sense solutions that REALLY work. One of the best but more controversial methods of weeding out terror is surveillance.  The political shocker of the week is that Barney Frank and Donald Trump are coming together in agreement on surveillance!Barney Frank, a long serving member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Massachusetts, voiced concerns regarding the safety of gay Americans, an  Islamic element  in terrorism and an increased need for surveillance.Frank spoke of the attack at a gay nightclub in Orlando this weekend in an interview with the New York Times Monday. It s an attack against gay people but it does not reflect a general deterioration of our standing in America,  he said.  It reflects the virulence of the hatred in this sector of Islam. Frank represented Massachusetts in the House for 32 years, completing his final term in office in 2013. He came out publicly as gay in 1987, the first member of Congress to voluntarily do so, and has been a vocal gay rights advocate.The former Massachusetts representative said he d like to see more monitoring of people with extreme Islamic beliefs by both the Muslim community and government agencies. There is an Islamic element here,  he told the Times.  Yes, the overwhelming majority of Muslims don t do this, but there is clearly, sadly, an element in the interpretation of Islam that has some currency, some interpretation in the Middle East that encourages killing people -  and L.G.B.T. people are on that list. And I think it is fair to ask leaders of the Islamic community, religious and otherwise, to spend some time combatting this. Frank said the mass shooting reinforces his belief that there should be  significant surveillance  of people identified by the FBI to have radical beliefs.The lone shooter, Omar Mateen, was interviewed by the FBI twice in recent years, but as a connection could not be drawn between him and terrorist organizations, both investigations were closed.Law enforcement officials say the gunman pledged his allegiance to ISIS during a 911 call just before the shooting.The day after 50 people   including Mateen   were fatally wounded, the Islamic State issued a statement claiming responsibility for the attack.President Barack Obama said Monday that there is no clear evidence the shooting was apart of a larger plot or directed by a terrorist organization. Read more: masslive",0
13701,TRUMP’S STATEMENT On Muslim Immigration Is Spot On: “We have no choice!” [Video],Donald Trump: With fifty people dead and perhaps more ultimately and dozens more wounded we cannot afford to talk around issues anymore. We have to address these issues head on. I called for a ban after San Bernardino and it was met with great scorn and anger. And now many are saying although the pause is temporary we must find out what is going on. We have to do it. ,0
13702,DELETED REPORT EXPOSES Major Muslim Government Donor To Hillary’s Campaign…A HUGE Conflict Of Interest!,"Hillary took a jab at Saudi Arabia during her statement on the terror attack in Orlando BUT now we find out that the Saudis are major contributors to her campaign. It s the height of hypocrisy for Clinton to make claims of Saudi Arabia while taking their millions. Thank goodness for social media and all the resources we have to expose this corrupt and hypocritical hag grifter In what may be the pinnacle of hypocrisy, moments ago Hillary Clinton, while speaking live on national security and addressing the Orlando shooting took some time from her constant bashing of the Second Amendment and calling for a ban on assault rifles, to say some less than kind words about Saudi Arabia whom it accused of supporting radical organizations. This is what she said:The third area that demands attention is preventing radicalization and countering efforts by ISIS and other international terrorist networks to recruit in the United States and Europe. For starters, it is long past time for the Saudis, the Qataris and the Kuwaitis and others to stop their citizens from funding extremist organizations. And they should stop supporting radical schools and mosques around the world that have set too many young people on a path towards extremism. We also have to use all our capabilities to counter jihadist propaganda online. This is something that I spend a lot of time on at the State Department.There is nothing wrong with that statement, as it is the whole truth   Saudi Arabia s involvement in supporting terrorism stretches from Sept 11 all the way through to ISIS   however, where there is a big, and potentially law-breaking, problem is what Jordan s official news agency, Petra News Agency, reported on Sunday citing the Saudi crown price, namely that Saudi Arabia is a major funder of Hillary Clinton s campaign to become the next president of the United States.As MEE notes, the Petra News Agency published on Sunday what it described as exclusive comments from Saudi Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman which included a claim that Riyadh has provided 20 percent of the total funding to the prospective Democratic candidate s campaign.The report was later deleted and the news agency has not responded to requests for comment from Middle East Eye. However, the deletion took place too late, as the Washington-based Institute for Gulf Affairs managed to capture the report and has re-published the original Arabic Petra report, which quoted Prince Mohammed as having said Saudi Arabia had provided with  full enthusiasm  an undisclosed amount of money to Clinton.Read more and view report: Zero Hedge",0
13703,"OBAMA AGREES WITH MUSLIM NEWS Network Whose Facebook Page Celebrates Jihad Against Gays In Orlando…GUNS To Blame For Terror Act, NOT Hate-Filled, Intolerant Democrat Muslim","Liberals like to use the term  right wing extremists . They like to blame the Christian faith every time a Planned Parenthood abortion mill is shot up or an abortion  doctor  is killed. But the minute a Muslim terrorists kills or harms another human being, religion somehow, has nothing to do with it. America woke up to the horrible news of an unimaginable mass murder against over 100 innocent people in Orlando yesterday, at the hands of a Muslim man, who openly pledged his allegiance to ISIS. Instead of addressing America with a call to vigilance against Muslim radicals, Obama predictably called for gun control. Not that it comes as a surprise, but his friends over at the radical Al Jazeera news agree.Omar Mateen called the cops to pledge his fealty to ISIS as he was carrying out his mass murder in Orlando early Sunday. Twelve hours later, the president of the United States declared that  we have no definitive assessment on the motivation  of Omar Mateen but that  we know he was a person filled with hate. So I guess the president thinks Mateen didn t mean it?Here again, and horribly, we have an unmistakable indication that Obama finds it astonishingly easy to divorce himself from a reality he doesn t like   the reality of the Islamist terror war against the United States and how it is moving to our shores in the form of lone-wolf attacks.He called it  terror,  which it is. But using the word  terror  without a limiting and defining adjective is like a doctor calling a disease  cancer  without making note of the affected area of the body   because if he doesn t know where the cancer is and what form it takes, he cannot attack it effectively and seek to extirpate it.So determined is the president to avoid the subject of Islamist, ISIS-inspired or ISIS-directed terrorism that he concluded his remarks with an astonishing insistence that  we need the strength and courage to change  our attitudes toward the gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender community.That s just disgusting. There s no other word for it. Via: NYPWe re seeing the demonization of the AR-!5 all over liberal media in the wake of the Orlando terrorist attack. As usual they seek to deflect from the real problem, the Islamic terrorism, and try to shift blame to gun. It s perhaps particularly galling given that their readership is cheering the attack.So some facts for Al Jazeera and other fact-challenged liberal media.AR-15 is not an assault rifle and is not an automatic rifle. Fully automatic rifles have been severely restricted from civilian ownership since 1934. AR-15 is semi-automatic like most guns and is no more powerful than any other common rifle. It fires only one round with each pull of the trigger.The AR in  AR-15  rifle stands for ArmaLite rifle, after the company that developed it in the 1950s.  AR  does NOT stand for  assault rifle  or  automatic rifle. The AR-15 is one of the most common rifles in the country, popular for hunting, sport or self-defense.Al Jazeera is even incorrect in referring in the graphic to a magazine as a  clip . A clip is a device that is used to store multiple rounds of ammunition together as a unit, ready for insertion into the magazine or cylinder of a firearm.What they leave out in all this deflection of course is that the shooter was an Islamic terrorist, a registered Democrat, doing it in the name of ISIS. Via: Weasel ZippersAl Jazeera Facebook page celebrates Orlando terror attack:",0
13704,BREAKING: MUSLIM TERRORIST’S DAD Visited State Department Several Times…New Evidence Suggests Attack May Have Been Planned For Some Time,"He was such a nice boy, from such a nice family .This is a little disturbing. Remember Amed Mohamed and the exploited islamic opportunism with 14-year-old  clock boy  bomb hoax from Irving Texas and how his father was running for political office in Sudan?Well, apparently 29-year-old terrorist Omar Mateen comes from a similarly engaged political family and his father, Seddique Mateen, was/is running for national office in Afghanistan and not happy with the government of Pakistan.IJR  Mateen has his own television show, which broadcasts out of California.It is called the  Durand Jirga Show  and features Mateen discussing Middle Eastern politics. The show is posted on YouTube.According to the Washington post, the show demonstrates the Orlando shooters father s sympathetic views toward the Taliban:In one video, Mateen expresses gratitude toward the Afghan Taliban, while denouncing the Pakistani government. Our brothers in Waziristan, our warrior brothers in [the] Taliban movement and national Afghan Taliban are rising up,  he said.  Inshallah the Durand Line issue will be solved soon.  This April, Mateen was in Washington DC doing advocacy work with Congress and the State Department Seddique Mateen is an effusive poster on social media. The following posts from his Facebook describe a trip to Washington DC in April. He can be seen posing in front of State Department offices & the Democratic Foreign Services Committee offices.Mr. Mateen is photographed with numerous Washington DC Politicians and roaming the halls of Congress:The father of this radical terrorist sure was able to roam freely around the Capitol. Here he is pretending to be Barack Hussein Obama in a mock Presidential Briefing Room:In addition, Got News.Com has discovered the sister of Omar Mateen, Miriam Seddique, purchased Omar s house for $10 in April via a  quit claim deed .  link It would appear the jihadist Omar Mateen was making preparations for this attack for quite some time.Donald Trump was correct again when he called for additional scrutiny in December of 2015. The families of these terrorists need to be a concentrated focus for attention.Mr. Seddique Mateen even incorporated his entities as  The Provisional Government of Afghanistan Corporation  in official records in Florida:Via: Conservative Treehouse",0
13705,"BREAKING: Gay Bernie Sanders Supporter With Long Rifle, Possible Explosives Arrested On Way to L.A. Gay Pride Festival","The media will ignore the fact that this man was reportedly on his way to  harm gays  or that he appears to be a Bernie Sanders supporter. The media and Democrats will instead, be laser focused on the weapons and ammunition that were found in his possession. Democrats and other gun-control fanatics should be reminded that they are just inanimate objects until they end up in the hands of unstable Bernie Sanders supporters Authorities on Sunday were trying to determine the intentions of an Indiana man with a cache of weapons, ammunition and explosive-making materials in his car and apparent plans to attend the L.A. Pride festival in West Hollywood.Santa Monica Police Chief Jacqueline Seabrooks said on Twitter that the 20-year-old man told one of her officers after he was arrested that he wanted  to harm Gay Pride event.  But she did not provide any details, and officials said they are still trying to sort out his motives.Police identified him as James Wesley Howell of Indiana. A Facebook page for someone with the same name in Indiana shows a young man posing next to a white Acura with the same license plate as the car searched in Santa Monica for the weapons and explosives.At a news conference Sunday afternoon, police stressed they were still trying to figure out what Howell planned to do with the weapons.Howell s friend and fellow car club member Joseph Greeson, 18, said Howell didn t harbor any ill will toward gays or lesbians.Greeson said Howell s family in Jeffersonville hadn t seen him for days and that his parents had called Greeson s parents looking for him.He added that Howell was known to have a gun collection.According to Indiana court records, Howell was charged in October 2015 with intimidation and felony pointing a firearm at another person. On April 19, Howell pleaded guilty to misdemeanor intimidation, and prosecutors dropped the pointing a firearm charge. Court records show he was sentenced to a year in state prison and placed on probation. Under the deal, He agreed to forfeit all weapons during his term of probation.Oct 21, 2015- Around 11:17 p.m. Thursday, Oct. 15, Charlestown Police Department officers were dispatched to Winthrop Drive to investigate a report of James W. Howell, 19, pointing a gun at his neighbors, according to a police report.When the officers arrived, the neighbors pointed out Howell, who was then handcuffed until the officers could determine the nature of the allegations. While doing so, one officer noticed a Smith and Wesson handgun sticking out of the back waistband of his pants, which the officer secured in his car.One of the neighbors who reportedly had the gun pointed at him told officers he, his wife and several other neighbors and friends had been sitting on the porch having beers and discussing his cat being poisoned several months ago. At that point, a woman who lives at Howell s residence with her husband, who was on the porch, came around from the back of the house yelling that they were talking about her and calling her names. An argument ensued between the woman and the complainant, and Howell went into his residence and returned with a gun, witnesses said.The complainant said Howell pointed the gun at him and his wife, who said she would call the police. Howell withdrew the gun and went into the house.The officers said that the other complainants and witness stories were consistent and none seemed intoxicated. Two of them referred to an incident earlier in the day in which Howell had pointed his gun at his boyfriend. A report was taken after this incident as well. James is going to get someone hurt,  one witness said.  He needs to stop pointing guns at people. Federal and local law enforcement decided against canceling the annual parade, which went forward Sunday morning under tightened security. Investigators are now trying to piece together what happened but said they don t believe there is any connection between the incident and the massacre at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Fla., that killed at least 50 people overnight.Early Sunday, Santa Monica police received a call about a suspected prowler who was knocking on a resident s door and window about 5 a.m. in the 1700 block of 11th Street, Santa Monica police said. Patrol officers responded and encountered Howell, who was sitting in a car registered in Indiana, police said. Officers inspected the car and found three assault rifles, high-capacity ammunition and a five-gallon bucket containing  chemicals capable of forming an improvised explosive device,  police said.A law enforcement source who spoke on condition of anonymity said the contents of the bucket included tannerite, an ingredient that could be used to create a pipe bomb. The maker of the material said that was not the case and that it can only be detonated by high-velocity impact such as a bullet strike. But tannerite is known as a material used in the construction of other types of explosive devices.The source, who was not authorized to speak publicly about the ongoing investigation, said authorities also found camouflage clothing in the car.Los Angeles County sheriff s officials said the suspect told police he was going to the Pride parade to look for a friend. Authorities were looking for that individual.Santa Monica police spokesman Saul Rodriguez said detectives are  not aware of what the suspect s intentions were at this point. Santa Monica police continued to search the suspect s white Acura on Sunday morning. All four of the car s doors were open and a green blanket, red gasoline canister and several other smaller items were being piled on the sidewalk next to it. The car s license plate included a symbol of the National Rifle Assn. on the left side and the bottom said,  Teaching Freedom. A Facebook page for Howell said he attended high school in Louisville, Ky., and lives in Jeffersonville, Ind., where he works for an air filtration company. A car enthusiast, Howell posted numerous photographs of the Acura along with a couple of videos taken from inside cars. Another 10-second video includes gunfire, with shots striking grass.Here is the comment James Wesley Howell made under the pro-Bernie Sanders meme:The site includes political posts, including one in which he compares Hillary Clinton to Adolf Hitler. In another, he repeats conspiracy theories that the government was behind notorious terrorist attacks, including Sept. 11, 2011. That post shares a video claiming that last year s terror attack on the Paris offices of the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo was a hoax and attributable to the  New World Order. They found him with weapons that were very disconcerting,  said one source, adding officials are  taking the appropriate safety precautions. One source in West Hollywood said there was discussion of calling off the parade but that officials decided to go forward, with heavy security including undercover officers in the crowd. Via: LA Times ",0
13706,"TRUMP IS RIGHT AGAIN! While Pundits and Politicians Dodge The Truth, Trump Calls ‘Em Like He Sees ‘Em [Video]","This is an odd report from Press TV because a Muslim woman is reporting like it s a bad thing that Trump is calling the refugees a  Trojan Horse . Once again, Donald Trump is right AND the only one speaking openly about what the problem is with terror. It s been a long day of listening to pundits and politicians dodge the truth of Islamic terrorism. Refugee resettlement in America is out of control and is being used as a tool against us. If you don t believe this then please go to Refugee Resettlement Watch and read up! ",0
13707,"BREAKING UPDATE: 50 DEAD, 53 Injured After U.S. Citizen, Muslim Extremist Who Was On FBI Radar Opens Fire During RAMADAN In WORST Mass Shooting In U.S. History…Father Of Muslim Terrorist Tells Why His Son Committed Horrific Act [VIDEO]","We ve heard it all before He was such a good boy this has nothing to do with his Muslim faith.  Never mind that he called 9-11 just before the attack and declared his allegiance to ISIS. The gunman who slaughtered at least 50 people after taking party-goers hostage inside a gay club in Orlando had pledged allegiance to Islamic State, according to California congressman Adam Schiff.Schiff, who serves as top Democrat on the House Select Committee on Intelligence, told CNN:  What I ve heard from the Department of Homeland Security this morning is that, according to local police, he made a pledge of allegiance to ISIL (ISIS).   He said the shooting was  highly indicative of an ISIL-inspired attack .Schiff added:  [He] was heard praying in a foreign language and I don t know if this was at some point during the course of the shooting but that s what I m hearing, obviously second hand, coming ultimately from local police. Mateen also called 911 shortly before the shooting and swore allegiance to the leader of ISIS, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, law enforcement officials told NBC News.Law enforcement sources have identified the shooter, who was wielding an AR-15 assault rifle and a handgun, as US citizen Omar Mateen, 29, from Port St. Lucie in Florida.The gunman, who was born to Afghan parents, opened fire on the dance floor inside Pulse night club in the early hours of this morning.At least 50 people were killed and 53 others were injured in the shooting in the deadliest mass shooting in US history. A surgeon at Orlando Regional Medical Center said the death toll was likely to climb.An FBI spokesman said the mass shooting is being investigated as an act of terrorism, adding that they are looking into whether this was an act of domestic or international terror, and if the shooter was a lone wolf.Schiff said in a statement:  This attack is so painfully reminiscent of the terrible attack at the Bataclan Theatre in Paris, and other ISIS-inspired attacks in recent years. The fact that this shooting took place during Ramadan and that ISIS leadership in Raqqa has been urging attacks during this time, that the target was an LGBT night club during Pride, and   if accurate   that according to local law enforcement the shooter declared his allegiance to ISIS, indicates an ISIS-inspired act of terrorism. Whether this attack was also ISIS-directed, remains to be determined. But Mateen s father, Mir Seddique, told NBC News his son became angry when he saw two men kissing in Miami several months ago.  This has nothing to do with religion,  he said.  We are saying we are apologizing for the whole incident. We weren t aware of any action he is taking. We are in shock like the whole country. They were kissing each other and touching each other and he said,  Look at that. In front of my son they are doing that . And then we were in the men s bathroom and men were kissing each other. Seddique said Mateen had a job in security and attended Indian River State College, as well as having an associates degree in criminal justice.He was a  known quantity  to the FBI and was investigated twice before the mass shooting. A senior law enforcement source told the Daily Beast that Mateen was a person of interest both in 2013 and again in 2014.An investigation was opened into the 29-year-old, but the case was closed when no evidence appeared to warrant further probing. He s a known quantity,  the source said.  He s been on the radar before. Writing on Facebook, Pulse, which described itself as the most prominent gay club in Orlando, urged party-goers to  get out and keep running  as bullets started flying at around 2am local time.Orlando Police Chief John Mina said the suspect exchanged gunfire with an officer working at the club around 2am, then went back inside and took hostages. There were about 320 people inside the club at the time of the shootings and about 100 people were taken hostage.At around 5am authorities sent in a SWAT team to rescue the hostages. Nine hero officers used a  controlled explosion  to distract the shooter before fatally shooting him and were able to rescue about 30 hostages who were hiding in the bathroom of the club.Heartbreaking texts were sent to this victims mother:Here are two additional texts that were sent to Mina Justice by her 30 year old son Eddie:A distraught mother is desperately looking for her son:During the gunfire, an officer was shot, but he was saved by his helmet. It was thought that at least one hostage had been locked in a bathroom with gunshot wounds.Watch here:Mayor Buddy Dyer said in a press conference:  Many were saved by the heroic efforts of the men and women of the OPD, the Orange County Sheriffs, Seminal County Sheriff s office. At around 6am local time police tweeted:  Pulse Shooting: The shooter inside the club is dead. Twitter accounts which claim to be affiliated to the Islamic State have hailed the shooting, although DailyMail.com cannot confirm whether the terror group was behind the attack.U.S. Rep. Alan Grayson identified the shooter as Mateen, citing law enforcement officials in speaking to reporters.Mateen, a Muslim and father to a three-year-old son, was born in 1986 in New York and married Sitora Alisherzoda Yusufiy, who was born in Uzbekistan, in 2009.His father told NBC News:  We were in Downtown Miami, Bayside, people were playing music. And he saw two men kissing each other in front of his wife and kid and he got very angry.Via: Daily Mail ",0
13708,CROOKED HILLARY’S BIGGEST NIGHTMARE: Brilliant Filmmaker Finds A Way To Turn Hillary’s Emails Into A Movie For Every American To See [VIDEO],"The movie that Hillary will NOT want America to see Hillary Clinton s staff are currently giving depositions under oath about how she got away with having an allegedly illegal private email server when conducting matters of national security.The depositions are being filmed, but Hillary s lawyers have managed to persuade a judge to block the release of the tapes in case they are used to make her look bad in the election!This is amazing and unacceptable that films, showing the truth are being blocked from the American people, especially in the run-up to an election.Film Director, Phelim McAleer and Producers Ann McElhinney and Magdalena Segieda have managed to find a way around this. George Orwell described journalism as  something somebody somewhere doesn t want published.  So they are going to commit a series of acts of journalism.The deposition transcripts have been released and they are re-enacting and filming highlights of the depositions.Here is a peek into what the film looks like so far:An URGENT Message from Film Director Phelim McAleer: Today we re releasing a film of Cheryl Mills  deposition highlights, using the transcript her actual words. Cheryl Mills has worked for the Clintons for almost 30 years. She was Hillary s Chief of Staff at the State Department.Cheryl Mills  evidence is amazing, full of classic Clintonian evasions. She used the phrase  I don t remember  or  I don t recall  189 times. This deserves to be brought to a wider audience not censored and hidden away. And we now have it on film. (You can share the film with your friends by sending them to ClintonEmailsOnFilm.com.)These short videos will be:  The Films that Hillary Clinton Doesn t Want You to See. There will be a total of five short films ending with Huma Abedin s deposition at the end of the month. And if the depositions uncover enough evidence, then the judge could give them permission to depose Hillary. That will be a great film!Here s how the #NeverHillary  every day Americans  can help make the movie that Hillary will NOT want America to see:We need your help to finish the videos. The American people deserve to see what s being said in these depositions. To make a video of each of the deposition, we need to raise at least $84,000. We launched a crowdfuding campaign so people like yourself can donate and make these videos possible: www.ClintonEmailsOnFilm.comBy supporting this project, you re making a statement: TRUTH IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN POLITICS.Click HERE to donate!Please choose a perk, make a contribution, and spread this campaign far and wide. Tell your friends, family, neighbors, and coworkers. Send them to ClintonEmailsOnFilm.com.Let s send a message to Hillary and her lawyers: They can t stand in the way of the truth.Thank you for your support! ",0
13709,New Book Reveals HILLARY’S ANTI-SEMITIC SIDE: Blamed Bill’s Campaign Manager For Losing Congressional Race…Called Him A “F*cking Jew B*stard”,"Hillary doesn t recall saying it, but Bill s campaign manager, Paul Fray clearly remembers her saying it. Just another Hillary lie what different does it make? Hillary Clinton is fighting a rearguard action to avoid further damage to her standing with the crucial Jewish vote in her campaign for a Senate seat after a claim that she once used an ethnic insult against one of Bill Clinton s aides.A book out today claims that 26 years ago she called Paul Fray, her husband s campaign manager at the time, a  fucking Jew bastard .Mrs Clinton denied the allegation and pressed the president into supporting her, but the author, Jerry Oppenheimer, said:  Three witnesses have now publicly acknowledged that she said it. I have never said anything like that, ever,  Mrs Clinton said.  I have in the past certainly, you know maybe, called somebody a name. But I have never used an ethnic, racial, anti-Semitic, bigoted, discriminatory, prejudiced, accusation against anybody. I ve never done it. I ve never thought it. Mr Clinton, who was trying to bring about a Middle East peace deal at Camp David, backed her up.  I was there on election night in 1974 and the charge is simply not true,  he said. She might have called him a bastard, I wouldn t rule that out. She s never claimed that she was pure on profanity. But I ve never heard her tell a joke with an ethnic connotation. She s so fanatic about it. It s not in her. Referring to a  vast rightwing conspiracy  in previous elections, he said:  This is part of a pattern. They couldn t defeat me politically and they can t defeat her politically so they go after us personally. Accounts of the dispute on election night 1974, when Mr Clinton failed to win a congressional seat representing Arkansas, have appeared before without the ethnic insult.Those present at the inquest into the defeat were Mr Clinton, his then-girlfriend Hillary, his campaign manager Paul Fray, and Mr Fray s wife, Mary Lee. Neill McDonald, a campaign worker, was just outside the room and claims to have heard everything.The Frays and Mr McDonald are the three witnesses on whom Mr Oppenheimer, a former reporter on the National Inquirer tabloid, relies for the passage in his book State of a Union: Inside the Complex Marriage of Bill and Hillary Clinton.Mr Fray, 57, said yesterday:  I was a little defensive about it. I looked to the floor thinking  How do I respond?  I didn t mind being called a son-of-a-bitch, but when it came to attacking my culture, that s a whole  nother ballgame. You ve got to understand it was the heat of the moment. We knew we had lost. It was a case of people lashing out at one another and it just got to that point. Mr Fray is actually a Southern Baptist but says that he is one-eighth Jewish through his great-grandfather.Mrs Fray said that her husband s recollection of the meeting, which lasted about an hour, was accurate. Mr McDonald said:  I don t know what provoked it or what. I just remember that one little comment.  Via: The Guardian ",0
13710,CHECK OUT ELIZABETH WARREN’S Rip On New BFF Hillary Clinton In 2004 [Video],Does anyone else see a little crazy in this woman? Elizabeth Warren is Hillary Clinton s new best friend and possible VP choice but we think that would be a total disaster for Clinton. Yikes! ,0
13711,HYPOCRITE BILLY CRYSTAL INJECTS JAB At Trump In Eulogy To Ali That’s Curiously Similar To A Clinton Speech,"The bashing of Donald Trump is getting so old and tiresome. People with common sense know the truth and know what the left is trying to do. It s the same old playbook of demonizing what you don t like repeatedly. The problem is that Americans are finally wising up to this Alinsky strategy. You d think the liberals are all coordinating their talking points .hummm  Billy Crystal bashed Trump during his eulogy of Ali in a line similar to Clinton s speech on Tuesday: life is best when you build bridges between people, not walls. Do you think for one minute that Trump would have gotten where he is if he d not reached out to people and built bridges literally and figuratively? The reason Trump wants to build a literal wall with Mexico is that,  without borders, we don t have a country . We can certainly reach out to others but Trump knows open borders DO NOT WORK! Just take a look at Europe and the EU! What a mess! Trump has said he wants LEGAL IMMIGRATION and doesn t want ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION! He s protecting the people of America and that s putting America first!The problem with Billy Crystal s swipe at Trump is that he isn t practicing what he preaches. Anyone who knows Los Angeles knows that the homes have gates and walls. Well, Billy Crystal has walls and a fence surrounding his home people in glass houses!It was easy to get photos above of the fence and wall around Billy Crystal s home but we can t just walk onto his property uninvited. Isn t that the same as people walking over our border illegally?Comedian Billy Crystal gave an emotional tribute during Muhammad Ali s funeral on Friday, but may have sneaked in a low-key dig at Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. Crystal, a friend of The Champ s for more than 40 years, said at the end of his eulogy for the boxer in the KFC Yum! Center in Louisville, Kentucky that Ali  taught us that life is best when you build bridges between people, not walls.  That line Crystal said sounds similar to what Hillary Clinton said during her victory speech on Tuesday.  We believe that cooperation is better than conflict, unity is better than division, empowerment is better than resentment, and bridges are better than walls,  the Democratic presidential candidate front-runner said. Read more: Daily Mail",0
13712,TERROR GROUP PLANS VIOLENCE AGAINST TRUMP SUPPORTERS: Shocking Flier Reveals Calls For VIOLENCE: “Smash White Supremacy”,"This call to violence by the Left against innocent people who don t agree with their radical ideology, is eerily similar to the tactics used by terror groups in the Middle East. These are acts of terror that are being overlooked by our President and our DOJ, simply because they understand that this is the only way to stop Trump is by striking fear in the hearts of his supporters A picture of a flier that s been circulating in the Richmond, VA area is going viral. The intent of this flier is clearly to stir up hate and encourage violence against Trump supporters who plan to attend Trump s upcoming rally. This type of organization to create chaos and fear is how the Left wins elections, how the unions get what they want and how our PRESIDENT and his cronies operate behind closed doors at our White House. This flier is laced with hate, fear mongering and calls to violence, but you will never see it being shown to the general public by the mainstream media, as it crushes their narrative that the Trump supporters and conservatives of America are somehow promoting violence and  fear mongering  to get votes. This incendiary flier is summarized at the bottom by claiming,  They [Trump supporters] have promised us violence, and we must promise them the same.  Can someone please provide us with one iota of evidence that shows Trump supporters asking other supporters to violently attack innocent people who disagree with their political views?America needs to stand up to these coordinated efforts by talking to their neighbors, relatives, friends, co-workers and even to members of their churches. Sunlight is the best disinfectant. If the media won t report this, we need to speak up and let everyone know what is happening h/t Weasel Zippers",0
13713,THIS ONE IS SPOT ON! The Democrat Party In a Nutshell,THERE MAY BE SOME THAT WOULD CHANGE A FEW OF THE DESCRIPTIONS BUT THIS IS PRETTY DARN CLOSE:,0
13714,DONALD TRUMP: What I’ll Do My First Day In Office [Video],Donald Trump answers the question of what he ll do on his first day in office. The two big things he mentions are the attack on our SECOND AMENDMENT and the ATTACK ON OUR BORDER   We say Bravo! ,0
13715,BAHA! CBS REPORTER ASKS HILLARY Why She’s So Unlikeable [Video],This is a rare moment of uncomfortable questioning by CBS   Scott Pelley asks what we ve all wanted to ask Hillary. It s a pretty hysterical TV moment IN A ROBOTIC KIND OF WAY  ,0
13716,SCREAMING LEFTISTS Interrupt Trump Speech…Crowd Goes Wild! [Video],Screaming leftists interrupted Donald Trump s speech today at the Faith and Freedom Conference in Washington DC. Trump blamed Democrats for the latest outburst. ,0
13717,"The “Brown” The Media Wont’ Cover Because He Wasn’t Killed By A White Cop…Raekwon Juaquay Brown,17 Year Old Hero Sacrifices His Life To Save An Elderly Woman","If his name was Michael Brown if he robbed a local convenience store and roughed up the store manager if he tried to take a gun from the cop who confronted him and was killed by it in the struggle, the media might have covered it. But this was just an innocent 17 year old boy minding his own business when he was faced with the awful decision of whether to risk his own life and save the life of a total stranger or stand back and watch an elderly woman be killed. This hero chose to sacrifice his own life. If we lived in a world where real heroism is not celebrated because it s not controversial. In a good and decent world, Raekwon Juaquay Brown s name would be more of a household name than that of thug Michael Brown. But we live in a world where the Left celebrates victimhood and real or imagined, a good victim can always be used to prop up a cause. #RIP Raekwon Juaquay Brown you are a hero. Seventeen-year-old Raekwon Juaquay Brown sacrificed his life when he pushed an elderly woman out of the way of gunfire before he was slain in Wednesday s daylight shooting near Jeremiah E. Burke High School, the grief-stricken lady told the Herald just hours before a vigil honoring the young hero. He saved my life   I have a new life,  the woman, 67, said in Spanish yesterday while tears streamed down her face. He was only 17. I ve lived here 10 years, I ve never seen anything like this. There needs to be more police here,  she said, showing a wound to her right ankle, where police say she was grazed.The woman was one of four people struck by gunfire in the 1:15 p.m. ambush that left Brown, a Burke High junior, dead. Her name is being withheld by the Herald because she is a witness to the murder.She explained she was in an alley by a pizza shop when the shooting broke out. The teen, who was sitting down eating a hamburger, got up and pushed her to the side by a car, she claimed.Last night hundreds of people, including at least a dozen family members, crowded in front of the market on Washington Street less than a block from the school where Brown fell.Some men turned and walked away in tears while several women dabbed their eyes with tissues from a box that was being passed around. Brown s mother, Wanda Graddy, supported by several relatives, walked toward a memorial for her son, where she cried,  My boy, my boy. The Rev. William Dickerson of the Greater Love Tabernacle Church spoke first and called for the killer to step forward and for witnesses to name him. We pray that justice will come in the midst of this terrible reality,  Dickerson said.Family members said they hope that whoever pulled the trigger will surrender. Stop being cowards,  said Raekwon s older brother, John Brown.  Stand up like a man. Take your consequences. Beside him was the slain teen s godmother, Jacqueline Cane. I just want you to know, whoever did it, turn yourself in,  she said.  You re not going to sleep until you turn yourself in. That was a good guy here. This was my God-baby. Seventeen years old, you took his life. Turn yourself in or you will never rest. Mourners said another prayer and then hugged as they departed.Burke school staff also took time out from the day to recall Brown as a selfless teen. Raekwon was probably one of the most loving and caring students I have ever had in the Sophomore Academy,  said Cheryl Windle, leader for the academy.  He actually had this warmth about him that I really believe captures his true essence. He will truly be missed by all of us here at the Burke community. Lindsa McIntyre, headmaster of Burke, said students and staff will miss Brown dearly.  He came to us as a vibrant, struggling, middle school student, looking for fun and full of vim and vigor. But as he grew in his high school career, he became a metamorphosis for what a real Burke student looks like. Via: Boston Herald",0
13718,WATCH: JUAN HERNANDEZ Tells How He Was CHASED And BEATEN By Anti-Trump COWARDS Who Sucker Punch People And Run In Packs,"This is what happens when you cross the Left. Sadly, this is how unions have been operating for decades. Mainstream America is about to see the ugly truth about the violent tactics of the Left. Anyone who could vote for a party who represents itself in such a manner should be ashamed. By Juan Hernandez   A Hispanic Trump supporter who lives in Santa Clara, CA.Last Thursday, I left work about 5 p.m. and drove to the San Jose Convention Center to hear Donald Trump speak.I ve been voting for conservative candidates for 15 years and a registered Republican since 2015. Now that the general election is underway, I believe Trump is the best candidate to fix our country s many problems, and I believe he s going to be the next commander in chief. So I was excited to hear him, and to show my support. Walking into the rally with a friend, I was a little wary: Trump s speech to the California Republican convention in Burlingame had been disrupted by protesters, and I wasn t sure whether to expect a similar scene in San Jose. But we got to the event early, and we must have been inside already by the time a crowd of protesters gathered in the streets near the convention center.The speech really got me energized. I got a new sense of appreciation and respect for Trump after a Bernie Sanders supporter interrupted him with a sign. Trump didn t blink:  Darling, there s no way he can win, but keep your sign high,  he said. That is the president that I want. It was great being around so many Republicans   in the Bay Area, we don t have a lot of that, so it was great to feel the camaraderie of being part of the GOP.My trouble began once the rally was over.My friend and I joined a crowd of Trump supporters who had all left the convention center around the same time. The garage where we had parked our car was right next to the building, but police were directing everyone around the block to another garage entrance instead. The farther we walked, the fewer Trump fans were with us   people began peeling off to go to restaurants or bars in the area, or to other garages nearby.And suddenly, there were protesters everywhere. Some were holding Mexican flags, or burning American ones. They were yelling  F  Trump!  at us and cornering us. Some of them started grabbing Trump supporters   they were going up and slugging people, sucker-punching people, just picking random people out. As much as we wanted to help, because our fellow Republicans were getting hit, I knew any moment that could be me. So my friend and I just kept walking   sometimes, we d be running. We saw police standing nearby, but they didn t do anything. That scared me, because I thought,  Okay, if I m next, there s going to be no cops. About a block from the garage entrance, we turned down the street and found a line of protesters standing in our way. To get back to our car, we d have to go through them. My friend and I were wearing  Make America Great Again  Trump hats. We were targets, and I was terrified. I could feel it coming   they would look at me and start walking up to me.Before we could make it into the garage, four or five men surrounded me, and another four surrounded my friend. They just started swinging. We swung back as best as we could. My main thing was I didn t want to fall; I didn t want to be knocked down. I m not a big guy, but I can defend myself as best I can if it s one on one   but not when they have so much anger against us.One of the blows caught my nose, and blood just started pouring out. That kind of stunned them, and they backed off a quick second. My adrenaline kicked in; I felt punches on my head, and I felt the punch that hit my nose, but I was in survival mode by then, and I didn t realize until later how much it hurt. I called my friend,  Okay, let s go! We ran into the parking garage, and we thought we were safe, but there were another few dozen protesters there, too. We got in our car and headed toward the exit. Some protesters jumped on the cars in front of us, but we eventually made it out. My friend drove me to the emergency room because my nose was pouring blood. I had a broken nose, and because I was covered with scratches, I had to get a tetanus shot, too. It took a lot out of me, much more than I realized at first; my headaches and soreness didn t start to go away until a week later.WATCH HERE:I still can t believe how poorly the police handled the protests. I live by Levi s Stadium, where the Super Bowl was. They had every single cop out there. Yet knowing the violence that s been breaking out near Trump rallies, San Jose wasn t prepared for it last week? So the Los Angeles chapter of Log Cabin Republicans held a news conference back in San Jose on Wednesday, to get some answers from the city s mayor, Sam Liccardo, and its police department about why they let me and other people get attacked and only made a few arrests.The whole thing made me angry. Here in Northern California, I feel like I m a unicorn: I m a gay Hispanic who s a Republican. It was much harder to come out as a Trump supporter than it was to come out as gay   the minute you say you re for Trump, everyone comes at you   but this has pushed me out of the closet about it completely.I should be able to vote for whom I want, and I shouldn t have to deal with violence to go hear my candidate speak. If people really want to protest at rallies, they should do it peacefully. I have a young niece and nephew, and I don t want them to think this is how politics work in the United States. We can t let our freedom of speech and our freedom of assembly be tarnished by politicians like those in San Jose who do not have our safety at heart. Follow Juan Hernandez on Twitter: @mrjuanhernandezVia: Washington Post",0
13719,CLINTON COVERUP: WHY WAS MAJOR CLINTON CRONY Put On Sensitive Intelligence Board? [Video],"Thank goodness for organizations like citizens United who found out what was going on with a Clinton donor getting a position on a Security Intelligence Board with ZERO experience. Please note the video below and how the reporter was to be arrested for asking a question of the Clinton crony. Newly released State Department emails help reveal how a major Clinton Foundation donor was placed on a sensitive government intelligence advisory board even though he had no obvious experience in the field, a decision that appeared to baffle the department s professional staff.The emails further reveal how, after inquiries from ABC News, the Clinton staff sought to  protect the name  of the Secretary,  stall  the ABC News reporter and ultimately accept the resignation of the donor just two days later.Copies of dozens of internal emails were provided to ABC News by the conservative political group Citizens United, which obtained them under the Freedom of Information Act after more the two years of litigation with the government.A prolific fundraiser for Democratic candidates and contributor to the Clinton Foundation, who later traveled with Bill Clinton on a trip to Africa, Rajiv K. Fernando s only known qualification for a seat on the International Security Advisory Board (ISAB) was his technological know-how. The Chicago securities trader, who specialized in electronic investing, sat alongside an august collection of nuclear scientists, former cabinet secretaries and members of Congress to advise Hillary Clinton on the use of tactical nuclear weapons and on other crucial arms control issues. Read more: Live Leak ",0
13720,BILL CLINTON EX-LOVER Spills The Beans On “Lumpy” Hillary,"Wow! This first-hand assessment of Bill clinton and then Hillary is a complete scorcher. Dolly Kyle holds nothing back when describing this grifter couple that will do anything for money and political power. What a great look inside the Clinton world of lies and manipulation!Dolly Kyle met Bill Clinton on a golf course in Hot Springs, Arkansas in the summer of 1959 when she was 11 years old and he was 12.A thunderbolt struck, so power and intense, it was love at first sight that lasted 32 years   through all his Arkansas gubernatorial years and right up until  Billy    as she calls him   was on the threshold of the White House. Dolly dated Bill all the way through Hot Springs High School together and they were close when he went off to law school at Yale.In 1974, he told her of this woman he had moved in with at Yale. It was simply a decent place to live, a roof over his and she would never be an issue between them, he intimated. The now 60-something Dolly didn t realize at the time that Hillary s role was financial provider, a role that started at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut.  Hillary s role of providing financial security for Billy was part of her motivation for the series of financial crimes (yes, crimes) that she committed over the decades .  Hillary was upholding her part of the deal to get Billy elected president, after which it would be her turn to be the first woman in the Oval Office , lawyer and author Dolly Kyle writes in her bombshell book Hillary, The Other Woman, published by WND Books.  Billy and Hillary Clinton continue to be lying, cheating, manipulative, scratching, clawing, ruthlessly aggressive, insatiably ambitious politicians who are giving public service a bad name   and nothing about them has changed in the past forty-plus years, except that they have deluded more and more people .  The Clintons and their misled supporters have rewritten history to suit their political agenda, which is to get votes to get power to get money to get more power to get more money .  The Clintons  vicious cycle of intertwining greed and power addictions will have no limit, unless someone stands up and announces,  The emperor has no clothes!   Here am I , writes Dolly.  Ideology, integrity, and love of country were never involved in the  Billary  quest for the White House.  It was always a codependent, co-conspiratorial grab for money and power and more money and more power .  Unfortunately for them and for the United States of America, there is never enough to satisfy addicts .Dolly watched Bill Clinton grow up in Arkansas. She witnessed Hillary bringing her carpetbag to Arkansas.  I know what really happened . She heard it firsthand. The  Man from Hope , only lived in Hope, Arkansas, until the age of seven when he moved to Hot Springs. The segregated climate in the South festered an attitude towards blacks and allowed Clinton to use the phrase  G**damn n****r,  which Dolly heard him frequently say. Clinton first confessed his desire to be president to Dolly back in high school and began chasing it when he was an Arkansas delegate to Boys Nation in the summer of 1963 that took him to the White House and a photo-op with President John F Kennedy in the Rose Garden. Hillary jumped into that dream by defining herself as financial provider, so Billy told Dolly. Her support allowed him to pursue  his addictions to politics, power and sex . Bill s mother had supported the family financially while his stepfather drank. Now it was Hillary supporting him and he introduced Dolly to the woman from Yale on the evening of May 28, 1974 at the airport in Little Rock. It was election night and Senator William Fulbright was running for re-election. He had been Clinton s champion, gave him his first Senate job while Bill attended Georgetown University; introduced him to powerful people in Washington; supported him for the Rhodes Scholarship he won; a teaching job at Arkansas Law School and his endorsement as well as intros to financial backers for Bill s first congressional campaign that he eventually lost. Bill s plane landed and he was first to de-board followed by  a dowdy-looking woman who appeared to be middle-aged . Bill greeted his lover Dolly formally with an extended hand while she checked out this mystery woman accompanying him. I couldn t imagine why Billy would haul such a person in the plane with him in public. She was wearing a misshapen, brown, dress-like thing that must have been intended to hide her lumpy body. The garment was long, but stopped too soon to hide her fat ankles and her thick calves covered with black hair .  Thick brown sandals did nothing to conceal her wide feet and the hair on her toes . Dolly was embarrassed that she was staring. Hillary s eyes, glared at her from behind coke-bottle-thick lenses  with an air of real hostility. Her thick eyebrows melded together stretching across her forehead.  In that moment, I noticed that the woman emitted an overpowering odor of perspiration and greasy hair. I hoped that I wouldn t gag when she got in the car . I was stunned thinking it was some kind of a sick joke   a woman in a hideous disguise. Finally the introduction:  Dolly, this is Hillary. Hillary, Dolly.  Dolly extended her hand but Hillary only glared and nodded. The plan had been to go the Fulbright s campaign headquarters, but when the votes came in he was losing. Hillary signaled to Bill and the plan was changed. He would head back to the airport.  I don t want to be seen with a loser,  Bill told Dolly. This was his mentor on the most critical night of his 30-year career. It brought tears to Dolly s eyes that he would not pay his respects to the man responsible for his career. At that time, Hillary was working in Washington, DC and  trying to become a political force under her own steam .  It was a futile attempt,  Dolly writes.Her job with the Watergate investigation ended.  I do believe that Hillary showed the same lack of integrity there that would later get her into more serious trouble . Dolly suggested her boss had little respect for Hillary as a young lawyer and  he doubted that she had any potential to bring honor to the profession . A lawyer and graduate of Yale, Hillary wanted a career in Washington. She flunked the DC bar exam and moved to Fayetteville, Arkansas, where Bill was teaching law at the University of Arkansas. But she had her spies there months before to uncover Bill s lovers but being  furriners  from Chicago, they weren t getting any help on ratting out Bill. Dolly started sleeping with Bill after high school and admits  Billy was a sex addict; I was a codependent .  Then I read about sex addiction. I realized that Billy and I shared a similar problem,  she writes. He confessed his sex addiction to Dolly in 1987 and was undone by Wilt Chamberlain s claim to have slept with 20,000 women.  That s ten times more than I ve had!  he told Dolly. He notoriously never used a condom and Dolly guessed Hillary wasn t concerned because she wasn t sleeping with him because of her  lifestyle . It didn t matter that Bill married Hillary in October 1975, Dolly writes. Dolly and Bill continued their love affair and were safe in Arkansas because no one liked Hillary, she says. Chomping at the bit for her own term as governor or president, she still had private investigators tracking Bill and the  women he was dating or attacking . Bill called her  the Warden , but  she had to keep his nose clean in the public mind because she was riding his coattails to political power .Read more: Daily Mail ",0
13721,WATCH THIS: DID GOOGLE MANIPULATE Search For Hillary Clinton For Favorable Results? [Video],"While researching for a wrap-up on the June 7 Presidential Primaries, we discovered evidence that Google may be manipulating autocomplete recommendations in favor of Hillary Clinton. If true, this would mean that Google Searches aren t objectively reflecting what the majority of Internet searches are actually looking for, possibly violating Google s algorithm. According to a research paper cited in this video, that kind of search result manipulation has the potential to substantially influence the outcome of actual elections. ",0
13722,FATHER SPEAKS OUT After Son Was Attacked By Mob At Trump Rally [Video],"After being assaulted by Trump haters, the Trump supporters are speaking out. ",0
13723,LATINO TRUMP SUPPORTER: “It was harder to come out as a Trump supporter than it was to come out as gay” [Video],This guy is great! He describes how it was to be at a Trump rally and how the cops stood down. ,0
13724,AWESOME! PRO-TRUMP LATINO Tells Horrors Of Socialism And Why Trump’s His Candidate [Video],THE SOCIALIST PRESIDENT WAS THIS GUY S TEACHER! Great encounter with someone who has experienced socialism   great stuff! ,0
13725,"BERNIE SANDERS THANKS OBAMA For Not Endorsing A Candidate…Only Hours Later, Obama Endorses Crooked Hillary [VIDEO]","Sorry Bernie, but it s all about Obama s third term and he s not about to let some geriatric socialist screw that up for him The Democrats true, Hillary-loving, stacking the deck, anti-democracy colors came through loud and clear today when President Obama screwed over Bernie Sanders just hours after he played nice and shook his hand during a private White House meeting.Here is Bernie Sanders still at the White House thanking Obama for not endorsing a candidate while he is still in the race (Sanders says he is staying in through the last primary which is next week).#Democratic candidate @BernieSanders thanked @POTUS Obama and VP @JoeBiden for their impartiality #voanews pic.twitter.com/Qyk72eg7ja  The Voice of America (@VOANews) June 9, 2016Just a few hours later, Barack Obama decided he couldn t wait a week until Sanders backed out and endorsed Hillary anyhow.",0
13726,NEW AGE GURU Dr. Deepak Chopra Says Trump May Be “Mentally Retarded” [VIDEO],"Pathetic New Age guru and alternative medicine activist Dr. Deepak Chopra attacked Donald Trump Tuesday in an interview on Fox News  The Alan Colmes Show, during which he called the presumptive GOP presidential nominee both  emotionally  and  mentally retarded. Chopra, 68, said that Trump epitomizes, among other things, the  darkest demons  of America s  collective psyche. I would never say this unless I believed it was 100% true, but he represents the racist, the bigot, the one who s prejudiced, the one who is full of fear and hatred, the one who represents emotional retardation of a three-year old,  Chopra said of Trump.  And yet he s so popular because he s given permission to our collective psyche to express their darkest demons. Radio host Colmes asked Chopra if Trump is himself a racist and bigot, or whether he just represents those ideologies to his supporters. I think he is,  Chopra said, adding:  I think he s racist, he s bigoted, he s prejudiced. He s full of fear. He is angry. He has a lot of hatred. He pouts, he s belligerent, he s emotionally retarded. Via: Breitbart News",0
13727,WATCH CROOKED HILLARY Make Claim No Lives Lost In Libya [Video],"What about Chris Stevens, Sean Smith, Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods? ",0
13728,HILLARY LIES AGAIN…She’s NOT The First Female Presidential Nominee …She’s Not Even the First Female COMMUNIST Nominee …Here’s PROOF,"What a role model for women and young girls, a presidential candidate who has one foot in prison and the other on the campaign trail That Hillary If she s not lying she s never mind, she s probably lying  Clinton is merely the first woman to earn a major party nod   but she follows these party standard-bearers who also tried to break the ultimate glass ceiling:1872: Equal Rights Party, Victoria WoodhullNearly 50 years before women earned the right to vote, Victoria Woodhull headlined a progressive all-star ticket, running with former slave and abolitionist leader Fredrick Douglass. Woodhull s agenda was well ahead of the Reconstructionist times; the newspaper editor turned Presidential nominee championed suffrage, civil rights and free love   which is a radical threesome.1888: Equal Rights Party, Belva LockwoodLockwood was born in a log cabin and the first woman to argue a case before the Supreme Court, but her bootstraps story didn t impress some wags of the day.  Old lady Lockwood,  the Atlanta Constitution warned, would subject the country to  petticoat rule.  She got 4,100 votes in an age when half the electorate   women   still could not vote and most blacks were still disenfranchised.1940: Surprise Party, Gracie AllenLike Donald Trump s candidacy, what began as a joke between comedian Gracie Allen and her husband and show time side-kick George Burns, soon became a national amusement. Allen, who s political slogan was  Down with common sense, vote for Gracie  and vowed to resolve the California-Florida boundary dispute, seized the nation s attention with a series of campaign stops and satirical policy platform. It s estimated that she received 42,000 votes in November.1968: Communist Party USA, Charlene MitchellMitchell, a card-carrying member of the CPUSA from age 16, was the first African-American woman to be nominated for president. The ticket, which made it onto only two state ballots, received just over 1,000 votes.1972: Socialist Worker s Party, Linda JennessAt age 31, Jenness could not have actually served if she had been elected   but that was part of the point.  We think that constitutional requirement is ridiculous,  Jenness said.  Turning 35 does not make you a genius, politically, as so many of our politicians have proven.  Jenness was an outspoken anti-war candidate and vocal critic of rival nominees, the Republican Richard Nixon and Democratic George McGovern.1976: People s Party, Margaret WrightThe World War II shipyard worker featured in the 1980 documentary  The Life and Times of Rosie the Riveter  fronted the People s Party ticket, a coalition of various socialist and anti-war organizations. The party received 49,016 votes, or .06% of the national total.1980: Right to Life Party, Ellen McCormackMcCormack s single-issue candidacy brought the pro-life agenda to the nation s attention. After a successful run as a Democrat that earned her 238,000 primary votes and raised over $500,000 in campaign contributions, McCormack s 1980 campaign received 32,000 votes in the three states in which she qualified.  I think we are teaching working mothers it is more prestigious to work than be home with their children,  the self-described housewife once said.1984: Citizens Party, Sonia JohnsonFor entire list go here: NYDaily News ",0
13729,POPULAR CONSERVATIVE SENATOR JEFF SESSIONS Says Trump Is More About A Movement Than A Man…Tells PAUL RYAN To Get On Board Trump Train Or Get Run Over,"Senator Jess Sessions  tough love talk may be exactly what the dyed-in-the-wool establishment Republicans need to hear right now. The support for Trump is not going to go away, it s only going to get stronger as we watch the violent antics of the Left who are desperate to take him down. Americans have been witnessing un-checked corruption and outright lawlessness that has taken place at the hands of mostly Democrats in D.C. for decades. The unwillingness of the Republican leadership in Washington to stop the march of Socialism over the past eight years however, has hit us like a two-by-four between the eyes. Americans may or may not agree with everything Trump says, but one thing is for certain, we are looking for someone who has the will to fight, and that person is Donald J. Trump. Whether Paul Ryan, Mitt Romney or John McCain jump on board is of little or no consequence to the Republican voter who is 100% FED UP with the lot of them   Sen. Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III, Donald Trump s friendly but fierce Alabama ally, has a message for Republicans still queasy about their party s nominee: Tide s about to roll over you. Sessions, a 69-year-old former state attorney general who famously donned the  Make America Great Again  trucker s cap at a massive rally in Mobile last August, thinks Trump is more a movement than a man. And this sprightly son of country preachers and teachers is on a mission to evangelize maybe-Trumpers like House Speaker Paul Ryan on the Gospel According to Donald   with a sermon on self-preservation. I think [Ryan] needs to recognize, on some of these issues, Trump is where the Republicans are and if you re going to be a Republican leader you should be supportive of that,  Sessions told me during a taping of POLITICO s  Off Message  podcast in his Senate office last week. My advice is to listen and accept the will of the American people, the Republican voters   the Republican Party is the Republican voters,  he added   a pointed reference to Ryan s suggestion that he, and not the presumptive party nominee, represents authentic conservative values.  Give me a break! A lot of our drift within our party has gotten away from [the will of the voters].   I think the leaders in all parties tend to adjust to reality. They just have to or they won t remain in office.   Already many are sensing it. Via: Politico ",0
13730,REVEALING GRAPH: TRUMP Setting Records In Historic Primary Votes While Hillary Bombs!,"DON T LISTEN TO THE MAIN STREAM MEDIA BIAS!While the Democrats are down 7 million votes from 2008,  The Donald  is booming!Donald Trump has now received over 13 million primary votes, more than any other Republican primary candidate since the party s founding in 1854. Trump surpassed George W. Bush, who previously held the record at just over 12 million primary votes in 2000.For some historical context, here s how Trump stacks up against every GOP primary candidate since 1908:",0
13731,WHAAAT? DNC PLATFORM MEMBER Makes EXTREME Statement About Gun Ownership [Video],Wow! This lady who is a DNC Platform Committee Member who honestly thinks we should take guns away from EVERYONE! ,0
13732,ITALIAN CATHOLICS TOLD TO “PRAY SILENTLY” So As Not To “Offend” Muslim Refugees Living In Church [VIDEO],"Italian Catholics are essentially being told to pray silently (hide their religious convictions) to avoid offending anyone, while Muslims are living free of charge in their church? I can t be the only Catholic who has a problem with this Parishioners in the Italian parish of St. Anthony in Ventimiglia, a small town in northwestern Italy about four miles from the border of France, were ordered Saturday by a Catholic aid organization volunteer to pray the Rosary silently so the Muslim migrants living in the church would not be offended.With a population of about 55,000, Ventimiglia has been overwhelmed by Muslim migrants, receiving over 50 every day, many of which are housed in Catholic churches.ANSA reports a parishioner snapped back at the volunteer, telling him to  bring migrants into another church.  The parish priest, Don Rito, instead took the parishioners to another church close by where they could pray out loud.Migrants have been pouring into the little town on their way to France and locals feel overwhelmed. The mayor of Ventimiglia, Enrico Ioculano, said the situation is  untenable.  But the Italian government and Caritas seem to do little to help the burden; already in the first five months of 2016 it has cost the town  220,000, less than half of which will be funded by the government.Caritas is also doing little to allay the town s burden. While it helps migrants who want to file for refugee status, saying they have  a special channel,  in March the local director said the organization can only afford to provide  for a few days  those who are passing through, whether they stay for a day or weeks.The Lepanto Institute describes Caritas Internationalis as a confederation of 165 Catholic relief, development and social service organizations operating in over 200 countries and territories worldwide.It has been exposed by the American Life League as being part of the Marxist organization the World Social Forum, promoting communism, abortion, and homosexuality throughout the world.WATCH HERE:Via: Church Militant",0
13733,FANTASTIC SPEECH LAST NIGHT! TRUMP’S FULL SPEECH After Big Win! [Video],"GREAT SPEECH! Donald Trump spoke last night after winning BIG! His overview of the important things he s campaigning on was fantastic! In case you missed it, it s well worth the listen! ",0
13734,"YIKES! TRUMP ANNOUNCES “Major Speech” About Hillary On Monday: “I think you’re going to find it very informative and very, very interesting”",Crooked Hillary has met her match:  Hillary Clinton turned the State Department into her private hedge fund. Here is Trump s speech in its entirety. It is one of his best speeches to date and truly worth watching to the end.https://youtu.be/nO7GAbBoIF0,0
13735,LOL! HYPOCRITE HILLARY Gives Speech On Evils Of “Inequality” While Wearing Designer Pants Suits With Price Tag You Won’t Believe,"Fat ass fraud in a pants suit When Hillary Clinton won the New York primary in April, she called for  raising wages and reducing inequality  and building  ladders of opportunity  while sporting a $12,495 Georgio Armani jacket.It was just one small part of a major wardrobe overhaul that one fashion expert pegged as a six-figure operation, the New York Post reported.It wasn t just in New York, where Clinton was photographed recently leaving a Ralph Lauren store on 5th Avenue accompanied by longtime aide Huma Abedin, where Clinton sported fancy fashions.She also wore a $4,000 white jacket by Susanna Beverly Hills on the campaign trail in rural Iowa. She s had to have spent in the six figures on this wardrobe overhaul,  Los Angeles-based image consultant Patsy Cisneros told the paper.For her campaign kickoff on Roosevelt Island, Clinton wore a custom blue silk Lauren suit that cost upwards of $2,200, according to the paper.For a New York funder, she opted for a beaded coat by Andrew Gn comparable to a $3,000 selling at Bergdorf Goodman.Her counterpart, real estate mogul Donald Trump, has been reported to favor Brioni suits that can cost more than $7,000. Via: Daily MailBut then again he s not hiding his net worth or preaching about the evils of  inequality  to his supporters. ",0
13736,WOMAN ATTACKED WITH EGG At Trump Rally Is Asking For Help From Fellow Patriots [Video],"In case you missed the total horror of seeing a woman egged by protesters at a Trump rally, we ll just say it was REALLY terrible! We ve posted the video below for you. She was up against a wall and was pelted with numerous eggs and took it like a champ! She needs our help! The woman who captured national attention Thursday night after she was egged at a Donald Trump rally   and then smiled about it   is asking for people to help oust the mayor of San Jose.Rachel Casey, identified by her Facebook posts, LinkedIn profile and by people who know her, posted one of at least two petitions to get Mayor Sam Liccardo to resign from his post. As of Monday, one petition, started by a man in Texas, had 3,600 supporters. Another petition, started by a man in Minnesota, also asks for the mayor s resignation, and had more than 7,000 signatures by Monday morning. The mayor had criticized Trump for whipping up the nation into an antagonistic state, but also condemned protesters for getting violent   mostly by harming the Trump camp. Liccardo responded:  I m not terribly persuaded by calls of resignation that are emanating from Texas or Minnesota. I serve at the pleasure of the residents of San Jose and am accountable to the residents of San Jose.  Efforts to reach Casey, who lists herself as a physical therapist assistant and personal trainer from Florida who moved to the Bay Area, were not immediately successful on Monday. Her former company, Boca Orthopaedics and Sports Medicine said she no longer worked there. A message left at what appears to be her home or cell was unanswered. She didn t immediately respond to a Facebook message request, which she saw, as she acknowleged two reporters trying to find her in her own post. But her image persists as the face of the violent Trump rally last week, where not only was she egged, but others were injured and Trump hats and American flags were burned.Read more: NBC",0
13737,JUDICIAL BIAS? LATINA SUPREME COURT JUSTICE Declares Her Shockingly Racist View On Ethnicity And Sex When Judging," I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn t lived that life    Supreme Court Justice SotomayorAs the main stream media does a hit job on Donald Trump for expressing his view that the presiding judge in the Trump University case is biased against him because of Trump s views on immigration, we have a RACIST Latina Supreme Court Justice who s openly declaring that the ethnicity and sex of a judge makes a difference in their judging! So which is it?  The left wants to have it both ways but they re being outed as total hypocrites! Unreal! Judge Sotomayor questioned whether achieving impartiality  is possible in all, or even, in most, cases.  She added,  And I wonder whether by ignoring our differences as women or men of color we do a disservice both to the law and society. AND THEY RE CALLING TRUMP A RACIST?WASHINGTON   In 2001, Sonia Sotomayor, an appeals court judge, gave a speech declaring that the ethnicity and sex of a judge  may and will make a difference in our judging. In her speech, Judge Sotomayor questioned the famous notion   often invoked by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg and her retired Supreme Court colleague, Sandra Day O Connor   that a wise old man and a wise old woman would reach the same conclusion when deciding cases. I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn t lived that life,  said Judge Sotomayor, who is now considered to be near the top of President Obama s list of potential Supreme Court nominees.Her remarks, at the annual Judge Mario G. Olmos Law and Cultural Diversity Lecture at the University of California, Berkeley, were not the only instance in which she has publicly described her view of judging in terms that could provoke sharp questioning in a confirmation hearing.This month, for example, a video surfaced of Judge Sotomayor asserting in 2005 that a  court of appeals is where policy is made.  She then immediately adds:  And I know   I know this is on tape, and I should never say that because we don t make law. I know. O.K. I know. I m not promoting it. I m not advocating it. I m   you know. The video was of a panel discussion for law students interested in becoming clerks, and she was explaining the different experiences gained when working at district courts and appeals courts. Her remarks caught the eye of conservative bloggers who accused her of being a  judicial activist,  although Jonathan H. Adler, a professor at Case Western Reserve University law school, argued that critics were reading far too much into those remarks.Republicans have signaled that they intend to put the eventual nominee under a microscope, and they say they were put on guard by Mr. Obama s statement that judges should have  empathy,  a word they suggest could be code for injecting liberal ideology into the law.Judge Sotomayor has given several speeches about the importance of diversity. But her 2001 remarks at Berkeley, which were published by the Berkeley La Raza Law Journal, went further, asserting that judges  identities will affect legal outcomes. Whether born from experience or inherent physiological or cultural differences,  she said, for jurists who are women and nonwhite,  our gender and national origins may and will make a difference in our judging. Her remarks came in the context of reflecting her own life experiences as a Hispanic female judge and on how the increasing diversity on the federal bench  will have an effect on the development of the law and on judging. In making her argument, Judge Sotomayor sounded many cautionary notes. She said there was no uniform perspective that all women or members of a minority group have, and emphasized that she was not talking about any individual case.She also noted that the Supreme Court was uniformly white and male when it delivered historic rulings against racial and sexual discrimination. And she said she tried to question her own  opinions, sympathies and prejudices,  and aspired to impartiality.Still, Judge Sotomayor questioned whether achieving impartiality  is possible in all, or even, in most, cases.  She added,  And I wonder whether by ignoring our differences as women or men of color we do a disservice both to the law and society. Read more: NYT ",0
13738,B*TCH OF BENGHAZI WINS Democrat Nomination” I’m Encouraged By Extraordinary Conviction” Of Her Supporters,"American citizens will be encouraged when the queen of the Clinton Crime Syndicate is convicted Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton confirms that she feels emotion when she thinks about becoming the first woman nominee for president.  Do you feel the weight of what this means for people?  asked one reporter on the campaign trail on Monday. I do. I do,  she said, praising her supporters for being  passionate  and  committed  to her victory. It s really emotional,  she said.  I am someone who has been very touched and really encouraged by this extraordinary conviction that people have. Says the woman who is still playing to crowds that are comparable to those of a kid running for student council in a rural high school.She said the emotion came from  predominantly women and girls  but that men had been bringing their daughters to her campaign events to witness history. I do think that it will make a very big difference for a father or a mother to be able to look at their daughter just like they can look at their son and say  You can be anything you want to be in this country, including president of the United States. Via: Breitbart News",0
13739,FANTASTIC! New Commercial Hammers Crooked Hillary! [Video],Spread this one around everywhere! An anti-Hillary PAC just came out with a great commercial! ,0
13740,OBAMA CONDEMNS TRUMP…Says U.S. Is “Blessed With Muslim Communities”,"New York City begs to differ Of course, this is just another way of Obama saying,  Screw Trump and screw America, we re building Muslim communities in your hometowns and communities with or without your permission. In an official statement on the eve of Ramadan, an Islamic holy month, Barack Obama said the United States would continue to welcome Muslim refugees despite  voices that seek to divide us. I stand firmly with Muslim American communities in rejection of the voices that seek to divide us or limit our religious freedoms or civil rights,  he said in the statement.  I stand committed to safeguarding the civil rights of all Americans no matter their religion or appearance. Obama s speech regarding Ramadan, the monthlong holiday observed by Muslims through fasting during daylight hours, did not mention Donald Trump by name, but clearly seemed to be directed towards the Republican nominee. Here in the United States, we are blessed with Muslim communities as diverse as our nation itself. There are those whose heritage can be traced back to the very beginning of our nation, as well as those who have only just arrived,  he said. Via: Townhall ",0
13741,SHERIFF CLARKE OUTRAGED AT RALLY VIOLENCE: ” Where’s the FBI and DOJ?”,Sheriff Clarke weighs in on the violence at the Trump rally in San Jpse: ,0
13742,“I’m Not With Crooked Hillary”: VIRAL VIDEO Shows Young Mexican-American Explain Why He’s Voting For Trump,"Don t buy into the media lie that every LEGAL Mexican-American is against Trump. Those who came here legally want the same things every other American wants jobs, freedom and liberty. I'm Mexican American and I'm voting for Donald Trump. Watch the video that's gone viral via @Keith_Avila #Trump2016https://t.co/KuMitwGMSH  Veterans For Trump (@Veteran4Trump) June 6, 2016",0
13743,CROOKED HILLARY GETS LUCKY: Obama’s State Dept. Blocks Release Of Hillary’s E-mails Until After Election,"BIRDS OF A FEATHER FLOCK TOGETHER-Dirty politics follows Obama and Clinton so here s yet another example of these two scumbags doing underhanded deals and lying their way through every situation:  Obama s State Department is blocking correspondence from Hillary Clinton and her top State Department aides about a controversial 12-nation trade deal will not be available for public review   at least not until after the election. The Obama administration abruptly stopped the release of Clinton s State Department correspondence about the so-called Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), after first saying it expected to produce the emails this spring.The decision came in response to International Business Times  open records request for correspondence between Clinton s State Department office and the United States Trade Representative. The request, which was submitted in July 2015, specifically asked for all such correspondence that made reference to the TPP.The State Department originally said it estimated the request would be completed by April 2016. Last week the agency said it had completed the search process for the correspondence but also said it was delaying the completion of the request until late November 2016   weeks after the presidential election. The delay was issued in the same week the Obama administration filed a court motion to try to kill a lawsuit aimed at forcing the federal government to more quickly comply with open records requests for Clinton-era State Department documents.Clinton s shifting positions on the TPP have been a source of controversy during the campaign: She repeatedly promoted the deal as secretary of state but then in 2015 said,  I did not work on TPP,  even though some leaked State Department cables show that her agency was involved in diplomatic discussions about the pact. Under pressure from her Democratic primary opponent, Bernie Sanders, Clinton announced in October that she now opposes the deal   and has disputed that she ever fully backed it in the first place.While some TPP-related emails have been released by the State Department as part of other open records requests, IBT s request was designed to provide a comprehensive view of how involved Clinton and her top aides were in shaping the trade agreement, and whether her agency had a hand in crafting any particular provisions in the pact. Unions, environmental organizations and consumer groups say the agreement will help corporations undermine domestic labor, conservation and other public interest laws.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
13744,A MUST WATCH: The Islamization Of Our Schools [Video],"A short excerpt from CAN s upcoming documentary  Exposed: The Islamization of Our Schools .This documentary-in-progress uncovers the ongoing, accelerating indoctrination of U.S. students to Islam, using U.S. taxpayer money. ",0
13745,LIBERAL HEADS EXPLODE When PIERS MORGAN Points Out Phony “Racist” Charges Against Trump VS. Muhammad Ali’s ACTUAL Racist History [VIDEO],"Watch the video and you be the judge. Was Piers Morgan correct or was he out of line?Piers Morgan poked the hornets  nest Sunday when he highlighted a double standard among Muhammad Ali s fans   that the late boxer espoused more radical views on race than Donald Trump.Muhammad Ali said far more inflammatory/racist things about white people than Donald Trump ever has about Muslims. #fact  Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) June 5, 2016The tweet quickly brought a swarm of social justice outrage, but Morgan did not back down. He argued that Ali was an important voice in the civil rights movement, but that is no reason to whitewash statements far more radical than Trump s on race and immigration. Via: Breitbart NewsTrump was in New York on 9/11 & knew people who died. Does that count? https://t.co/eF7Lg76Ye7  Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) June 5, 2016Here are just a few tweets from liberals right before their collective heads blew off their necks:https://twitter.com/DentonJez/status/739780815807188992Morgan s response:I didn't say that. I just said Ali made far more inflammatory/racist comments. Which he did. https://t.co/5ABetSkFPi  Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) June 6, 2016 Why would stating that Muhammad Ali made a lot of inflammatory, race-charged statements in his life be remotely controversial? He did.  Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) June 5, 2016Piers Morgan shared this clearly racist interview with Muhammad Ali on Twitter to back up his claim:Along the way, Piers picked up a few Twitter users who were willing to tell the truth about boxing legend Ali:https://twitter.com/NordicImports/status/739845621289517056Honesty is the new ""being racist"" FYI  Michael (@socalmike_SD) June 6, 2016In the end, Piers Morgan knew he could never walk into another room filled with liberal crybabies if he didn t do the obligatory Leftist, even though I m correct here is my apology:I'm sorry for 'saying inflammatory things for attention'.That's the last thing Muhammad Ali would have condoned.  Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) June 5, 2016",0
13746,TRUMP IS RIGHT! FOUR REASONS WHY The Judge In The Trump Univ. Case Should Recuse Himself!,"The judge in the Trump University case should recuse himself! Donald Trump has been hammered in the main stream media and called a racist but Trump is correct in everything he s said! Please spread this everywhere! The attorney group leading the lawsuit against Trump are heavily involved in Democrat politics and have paid Bill and Hillary Clinton $675,000 for  speeches . (link)  The Judge in the lawsuit is an open borders immigration activist with direct ties to San Diego La Raza, and has openly engaged with them on their political endeavors. (link) and (link)  The lawsuit relies (in part) on testimony from a former disgruntled employee of the Trump Organization who went to work for notorious #NeverTrump activist Glenn Beck. (link)  The Judge then  accidentally  releases court records which provides the media with the names, locations, and contact information of the plaintiffs and witnesses in the case, which fuels the media narrative. (link)Is this simple enough and clear enough for everyone? Trump is right!READ MORE: CONSERVATIVE TREEHOUSE",0
13747,BUSTED! HERE’S WHY HILLARY CLINTON’S Brother-In-Law Might Not Get To Vote In California,"Roger Clinton got busted for a DUI on Sunday but might not be out of jail to vote for his sister-in-law! Clinton is the half-brother of Bill Clinton and was given the code name  Headache  by the Secret Service during his brother s presidency. It looks like he s living up to his reputation!Hillary Clinton s brother-in-law is sitting in a jail cell after getting busted for DUI in Southern California   just 2 days before the crucial CA primary vote. Roger Clinton was arrested Sunday just after 8 PM in Redondo Beach. He was booked for driving under the influence, and we re told he refused blood alcohol testing. Roger remains in police custody. His bail is set at $15,000. Clinton was also arrested for DUI in 2001. That same year, President Clinton infamously pardoned his half-brother for a drug charge:During his brother s presidential campaign and subsequent administration, Clinton was given the codename  Headache  by the Secret Service due to his controversial behavior.[7] In 2001, before his brother left office, Clinton was granted a presidential pardon for a 1985 cocaine possession conviction for which he had served a year in prison. The pardon allowed for the conviction to be expunged from his criminal record.Unless he bails out before Tuesday   there goes one vote for Hillary.Via: TMZ",0
13748,ITALIANS FURIOUS! Have You Ever Dreamed Of Living FREE OF CHARGE In A 4-Star Seaside Resort In Italy?…Become A Refugee And You Can!,"One short trip on a boat and this could be all yours! No papers required A group of local citizens from the Italian Island of Sicily have denounced a recent political decision to turn a 4-star seaside resort into the latest migrant welcome center, near the historic city of Agrigento. The hotel Capo Rossello Realmonte is located just a short distance from the Scala dei Turchi, or  Turkish Steps,  an unusual white, rocky cliff popular with tourists that has also been proposed for the UNESCO Heritage list.The Region of Sicily, led by governor Rosario Crocetta of the Democratic Party, has decided to transform the hotel into a hub where asylum-seekers will be accommodated, theoretically just for 48 hours for registration purposes before being transferred to other centers or possible repatriation. Critics have noted that the migrants and refugees will actually be staying considerably longer, judging from the way such centers work elsewhere in Italy.The local City Council of Realmonte, chaired by Mayor Calogero Zicari has joined a local citizens  movement in collecting signatures protesting the plan to convert the hotel into a migrant center.The mayor told local media that since the area depends on tourism, the proposal would have  a major impact on the economy,  recalling that the arrival of large groups of migrants in other areas has destroyed investments that had been developed over years. We are angry and worried by this latest irresponsible decision,  said Angelo Attaguile, the local leader of the Noi con Salvini populist political party. Some people forget that we are talking about a site with enormous touristic value, which was recently nominated as a UNESCO Heritage site, and which could be jeopardizes by this foolish decision,  Attaguile said. We cannot accept that top-tier hotel facilities, close to the sea and tourist destinations like the Scala Dei Turchi, continue to be turned into reception centers,  he added.Another political operative from the Noi con Salvini party, Giuseppe Di Rosa, has accused politicians in office of reaping economic benefits from public funds coming in for the construction and operation of refugee centers. They are transforming our land into a mega hotel that houses refugees of all kinds without any sanitary control of the territory,  he said. -Via: Bretibart News ",0
13749,SICKENING! READ OBAMA’S RAMADAN MESSAGE: “I stand firmly with the Muslim American communities…”,"THE ARTICLE BELOW IS FROM POLITICO   This article is a perfect example of the main stream media s bias combined with Barack Hussein Obama s lies and spin of the truth. First of all, it s pretty ironic that supposedly Obama plans to  Protect Muslims from people like Donald Trump who threaten their religious liberties . Who the HELL is threatening any Muslim s religious liberties? The irony in all this is that CHRISTIAN religious liberties are being threatened EVERY DAY around the world! Christian persecution is happening everywhere yet you hear NOTHING from this jackwagon of a president! Obama also says he will continue to bring Muslim refugees despite  the voices that seek to divide us ? What the heck is he talking about? Americans have welcomed and paid for over one million Muslim immigrants and refugees since 2001:Twelve years after the September 11th hijackers were invited into the country on temporary visas, the U.S. decided to admit 280,276 migrants from Muslim countries within a single fiscal year.To put these numbers into perspective, this means that every year the U.S. admits a number of Muslim migrants larger in size than the entire population of Des Moines, Iowa; Lincoln, Nebraska; or Dayton, Ohio.The rate of Muslim immigration has been increasing since September 11. Between 2001 and 2013, the United States permanently resettled 1.5 million Muslim immigrants throughout the United States. Unlike illegal immigrants, legal immigrants granted lifetime resettlement privileges will be given automatic work permits, welfare access, and the ability to become voting citizens. Via: BreitbartThis year, we ve  welcomed  over 1,000 refugees with ONLY TWO being Christian! ONLY TWO! Entire towns have been transformed into little Iraq with the call to prayer five times a day ringing in the ears of  welcoming  and tolerant Americans. We ve literally bent over backwards to bring in all these refugees at our own expense!Donald Trump was SO RIGHT when he called for a moratorium on Muslim refugees! This has nothing to do with anything other than PROTECTING OUR OWN PEOPLE! We have every right to do so!Please read the article below on Obama s message and you ll be sickened by his attitude and support of one community over all others:President Barack Obama had a message for Muslim Americans preparing to observe the beginning of Ramadan on Sunday: He ll protect them from people like Donald Trump who threaten their religious liberties.In an official statement, Obama said America would continue to welcome immigrants and refugees, despite  the voices that seek to divide us. Obama s official statement on the start of Ramadan, a monthlong holiday observed by Muslims through fasting during daylight hours, did not mention Trump by name, but the president s remarks clearly seemed to be a swipe at the presumptive GOP nominee.  I stand firmly with Muslim American communities in rejection of the voices that seek to divide us or limit our religious freedoms or civil rights,  the president said in the statement.  I stand committed to safeguarding the civil rights of all Americans no matter their religion or appearance. I stand in celebration of our common humanity and dedication to peace and justice for all.  Obama said he looks forward to hosting Muslims at the White House as the monthlong observation concludes in July. Trump on Sunday suggested that a Muslim judge may be biased against him in a Trump lawsuit because of his calls for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States.Read more: POLITICO",0
13750,TELL-ALL BOOK Exposes What A Nightmare Hillary Clinton Was To White House Staff…”Jekyll and Hyde”,"We ve heard about Hillary Clinton s bad behavior before but this tell-all book goes right into details of what Clinton was like as First Lady  Hillary Clinton has a  Jekyll and Hyde  personality that left White House staffers scared stiff of her explosive   and even physical   outbursts, an ex-Secret Service officer claims in a scathing new tell-all.Gary Byrne, who was posted outside the Oval Office when Bill Clinton was president, portrays Hillary as too  erratic, uncontrollable and occasionally violent  to become leader of the free world, according to advance promotional materials exclusively obtained by Page Six.The allegations from Byrne, a 29-year veteran of the military and federal law enforcement, threaten to derail her campaign days before she is expected to clinch the Democratic presidential nomination.He describes Hillary Clinton as acting friendly one moment, then raging the next. What I saw in the 1990s sickened me,  he writes in the intro of the book,  Crisis of Character: A White House Secret Service Officer Discloses his Firsthand Experience with Hillary, Bill, and How They Operate. The book claims she repeatedly screamed obscenities at her husband, Secret Service personnel and White House staffers   all of whom lived in terror of her next tirade.Secret Service agents had discussions about the possibility that they would have to protect Bill from his wife s physical attacks, Byrne writes, and the couple had one  violent encounter  the morning of a key presidential address to the nation.Meanwhile, a paranoid Hillary Clinton tried to have the Secret Service banned from the White House and once tried to ditch her security detail, Byrne says. Hillary Clinton is now poised to become the Democratic nominee for president of the United States, but she simply lacks the integrity and temperament to serve in the office,  he writes.LINDA TRIPP WEIGHS IN ON HILLARY S DAYS AS FIRST LADY AFTER TWENTY YEARS OF SILENCE:Linda Tripp, who once was a White House aide with an office next to Hillary s spoke to the Daily Mail exclusively. She labeled Hillary Clinton a  destroyer  who stopped at nothing to crush the women who were linked sexually to Bill Clinton over the years. His efforts were so terrifying and unethical, and Tripp believes Hillary must be stopped from becoming President at all costs!It was the scandal that saw Bill Clinton impeached and which threatened to bring down his presidency. For many, it continues to define it to this day.But according to the woman who outed Monica Lewinsky as the president s mistress, the real story was never about Monica. It was about  subornation of perjury, obstruction of justice  a true abuse of power.  And it was about Hillary.Because, according to Linda Tripp, it was Hillary who manipulated and stage managed the story, converting herself from a lackluster First Lady with unimpressive approval ratings to admirable First Victim   the blindsided wife standing by her man.She made him forgivable. She  orchestrated the cover up  and she made damn sure that she moved on. Nothing, and no-one, was going to stand in her way.Linda Tripp, whose recorded conversations with Lewinsky   submitted to independent counsel Kenneth Starr   exposed the truth of the affair that both Lewinsky and Clinton had sought to deny, has never spoken fully until now. She noted what we all are thinking   Hillary was really in charge of the Clinton White House, because she would stop at nothing to get her way:She describes Hillary as the true  ruler  of the White House through her husband s administration; tells how she watched Hillary  blatantly lie  to the American people; describes her as utterly  ruthless  in her pursuit of power; and voices her belief that Hillary must never gain the presidency   the position that has always been her goal and to which she has always believed herself entitled. READ MORE: Political InsiderVia: NYP",0
13751,HEY BERNIE SANDERS! There’s No Such Thing As Equality…Ever!,"Bernie Sanders likes to talk about how everyone will be equal using other people s money. It s the most asinine concept and it s not like it hasn t been tried before. We love Larry Elder s personal take on equality and the common sense reasons there will NEVER be total equality especially INCOME EQUALITY:Is there a more brain-dead concept than to empower the government to fight  income inequality ? What sane, normal, rational human being thinks that human talent, drive, interests and opportunity can   or should   result in equal outcomes?Despite my love of athletics, I knew in third grade that my friend, Keith, could run much faster than I could. For two years I played Little League ball, and I got better at it. But no matter how hard I tried or how many hours I spent, I could not hit, run or throw as well as my friend Benji.Later in life, I started playing tennis, and I became quite passionate about it. But most of the people I played against had started playing years earlier, and most had taken lessons for years. I got better, but given my competitors  head start, the gap remained.Financial planners advise clients to start early and stick to some sort of game plan. Is there any wonder that those who do so will have more net worth than those who started later, or who lacked the discipline to follow and stick to a plan? How is government supposed to address these  unequal  outcomes?Most entrepreneurs experience failure before hitting on an idea, concept or business that makes money. Even then, it takes 20 to 30 years of long hours and sacrifice, along with occasional self-doubt and a dollop of luck, to become a multimillionaire.I recently saw a movie starring Cate Blanchett. She is a very good actress, but she is also strikingly beautiful. Is there any doubt that her good looks, over which she had no control, are a factor in her success? Is it unfair that an equally talented actress, but with plain looks, will likely have an  unequal  career compared with that of Blanchett?Speaking of acting, most who venture into that field do not become successful, if success is defined as making a living as an actor. These overwhelming odds still do not deter the many young people who flock to Hollywood every year to  make it. Had a would-be actor dedicated that same drive and personality to some other profession, success would have been more likely, if less enjoyable. Should the government intervene and take from the successful non-actor and give to those who unsuccessfully pursued a long-shot acting career? An ex-actor told me of her recent lunch with a friend she had met when they both left college and pursued acting. While the ex-actor moved on to a different, successful career, her friend stuck to acting, through thick and thin. The actor informed her friend that she recently turned down a commercial. Why? What struggling actor turns down this kind of work? Turns out, through some sort of  assistance  program, said the friend, the state of California is  assisting with her mortgage.  She has no obligation to repay the money, and she will continue to receive the assistance as long as her income is not above a certain level. How does this strengthen the economy? The ex-actor, through her taxes, subsidizes the lifestyle of the actor, who admits turning down work lest she be denied the benefits.But this is exactly the world sought by Bernie Sanders   a government that taxes the productive and gives to the less productive in order to reduce  income inequality. In the real world, two individuals, living next door to each other, make different choices about education, careers, spouses, where to live, and if and how to invest. Even if they make exactly the same income, one might live below his or her means, prudently saving money, while the other might choose to regularly buy new cars and fancy clothes and go on expensive vacations. Is there any question that the first person will end up with a higher net worth than the latter? Is their  inequality  something that government should address?Although Beyonce is a good singer, is there any question that there are others with superior voices? But Beyonce is also blessed with  unequally  good looks, charisma and perhaps better management   maybe better than the other two ladies in her musical trio, Destiny s Child, whom she once sang with. Three singers, in the same group, have had  unequal  outcomes.Communism, collectivism and socialism rest on the same premise   that government possesses the kindness, aptitude, judgment and ability to take from some and give to others to achieve  equality.  Karl Marx wrote,  From each according to his ability, to each according to his needs.  And that s the problem. The statement implicitly acknowledges that some have more aptitude, drive, energy and ability than others. To take from some and give to others reduces the initiative of both the giver and the givee.This is the fundamental flaw with income redistribution, the very foundation of communism, socialism and collectivism. One would think that Bernie Sanders would have figured this out by now. But wisdom among 74-years-olds, like outcome, is not distributed equally.Larry Elder is a best-selling author and radio talk-show host. To find out more about Larry Elder, or become an  Elderado,  visit www.LarryElder.com. Follow Larry on Twitter @larryelder.Via: Black Community News",0
13752,"OBAMA IS HIDING CRIMINAL Records Of 86,000 ILLEGAL ALIENS Who Continue To Walk Streets In Cities, Small Communities Across America","Make it STOP! Every day another truth is revealed about something Obama or the Obama administration has done to put the citizens of the United States in danger. These stories are so incredible it makes every thinking American wonder how they can be true. More importantly, how can this be happening and no one in America is able to stop it? This is one of those stories The Obama administration is withholding from Congress and the American people detailed information about more than 86,000 illegal aliens who have committed serious crimes and continue to walk the streets in the United States, according to conversations with a member of Congress, who disclosed to the Washington Free Beacon that  if the public knew about this there would be total absolute outrage  over the matter.Rep. Brian Babin (R., Texas) told the Free Beacon that the administration is trying to suppress information about the release of some 86,000 criminal illegal immigrants who have committed 231,000 crimes in just the past two and a half years.Babin, who is spearheading new legislation to boost the deportation rate of these criminals, many of whom continue to walk free across America, warned that the administration is not taking action to deport these criminal illegal immigrants once they are freed from U.S. prisons. All I can think of is they don t want the general public to know what s going on,  Babin said in an interview.  When you have 86,000 criminal aliens committing 231,000 crimes just over the last two and half years, I don t think they want the public to know what s going on. I think if the public knew about this there would be total absolute outrage,  Babin said.  I talk to some of these victims families, it s just incredible to see what has happened and the fact these people served time for felonies, they re released from prison, they re illegally here, and then not being deported, so they go back to their life of crime. Babin said that he has not  had any briefings by the administration  on the matter. My briefings are coming from the victims  families or the victims themselves of these people who are being released and are criminal aliens here,  he said.  Some of these stories are absolutely tragic. Babin is the author of legislation that would halt travel visas and U.S. foreign aid to any country that refuses to take back its citizens.The bill comes as the Obama administration has deported a very small number of illegal immigrants from the United States.The Immigration and Customs Enforcement bureau deported nearly 410,000 aliens in 2012 when it received roughly $2.8 billion in taxpayer funds. The agency expelled just 235,413 aliens in 2015 but received around $3.5 billion to fund its deportation programs, according to the DHS statistics.Deportations have dropped by 174,436 over the past three years despite an increase in funding totaling more than $680 million, according to the statistics.Separate statistics issued by the Department of Homeland Security reveal that the administration deported less than 1 percent of foreigners who illegally overstayed their travel visas to the United States.Babin compared the situation to a similar controversy over the administration s plan to bring in more than 10,000 Syrian refugees over the next year. Congressional critics of the plan have warned that federal authorities do not have the capability to properly vet these individuals for ties to terrorism. It s kind of like our refugee situation,  Babin said.  It s very, very difficult to get information about how these refugees are brought into our country and settled around into localities without the knowledge of the local citizens. When U.S. cities do finally learn about these refugees,  they have really no authority to stop it or even slow it down. All you can think of is that the administration really is not too wild about the American citizens finding out about how these things operate. At least 179,029 criminal illegal aliens who have been ordered deported from the United States continue to roam free, according to the Senate Judiciary Committee.The Free Beacon disclosed in August 2015 that the administration had been keeping the release of violent illegal immigrants a secret from U.S. towns.",0
13753,9 YEAR OLD Stands Up For First Amendment Right After Being BANNED From Wearing “Make America Great Again” Hat To School,"Stories like these shine a light on how early our educators are indoctrinating our students. A third-grader said he s standing up for his First Amendment rights after he left school early Thursday because administrators ordered him to remove his pro-Donald Trump hat.Logan Autry s family took him out of Powers-Ginsburg Elementary School early Thursday amid controversy over his red  Make America Great Again  hat   signed by the presumptive Republican presidential nominee himself, a local ABC News affiliate reported. Logan had worn the hat several days in a row during recess and more and more classmates started picking on him. I still want to keep my hat. It s not the hat that draws attention, it s just my personality that the other children do not like,  Logan told ABC News in a tearful interview.School administrators determined the hat was causing a safety concern on campus and instructed Logan to take it off, which he refused. The vice principal came up to me and told me to take my hat off because it brings negative attention from other students. And I said no a few times and then the principal told me again and I still said no and refused,  he said.Logan said he loves politics, American history and Donald Trump. He likes to wear a shirt and tie to school and he practices speeches about Mr. Trump on the playground. I ve told them his policies on illegal immigration, and our Second Amendment, and our First Amendment and all of our amendments that need to be protected which are not going to be an amendment at all if Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders gets elected,  Logan said.  [Mr. Trump] doesn t speak like a politician. He speaks like a normal person. He knows what this country needs. Logan got the hat signed when he skipped school to attend a Trump rally last week, ABC News reported. I got to shake his hand and I felt his hair too, and it s actually real,  the boy told the station.  On the TV it looks not real, but it like, has a blur but when you see it in real life it looks a lot different. The Fresno Unified School District said in a statement that administrators acted appropriately. Our job as educators is to facilitate a safe learning environment where we encourage robust conversations of diverse and thoughts,  the statement said.  We are proud that in this case, our school achieved that goal by allowing the student to wear his hat for several days. However, it is also our responsibility to take precautions when the discourse begins to impact our school climate and interrupt school operations.  Via: Washington Times",0
13754,BILL CLINTON Rips Into Hecklers Again With Bold Statement About Bernie,"Bill Clinton must be unaware of the very close race in California between his wife and Bernie Sanders. He gave a finger wag and told hecklers that Bernie doesn t have a chance don t be so sure Slick Willy! If I were them, I d be screaming too because they know they will be toast by election day,  Clinton said, according to a Fox News reporter at the event: Bill Clinton was in East Los Angeles on Sunday campaigning ahead of the California primary on Tuesday.This hasn t been an easy week for Bill Clinton. He was campaigning earlier in the week and encountered a woman who yelled obscenities about the 1994 Crime Bill:  Hey Clinton, F*ck you!  ",0
13755,BORDER PATROL AGENTS RAT OUT DHS: Government Secretly Puts Illegal Aliens On Busses…Dumps Them Off Into Unsuspecting Communities Across America,"It s really a pretty simple scheme. Obama is placing Democrat voters (illegal aliens who are given housing, education, food, health care and ultimately citizenship in exchange for their votes) in unsuspecting communities across the USA. Our safety and the safety of our nation is really of no consequence to a man and his family who will be surrounded by secret service for the rest of his life. There seems to be a particular focus on populating red states with illegal aliens and refugees in hopes that can give their party the boost it needs to put those states in play when the elections roll around Part of the supposed mission of DHS is to transport individuals apprehended in the country illegally from our soil to their own. They might stop and spend some time on our soil behind bars, but the general direction of travel and the paperwork is, in theory, towards their home country. That was before the enemies of America took over our country, Hussein Obama in the White House and Jihadi Jeh Johnson at the Department of Homeland Security. Now everything is backwards. There often is no paperwork to track the individuals or direct their travel, just a white van, loaded with illegal aliens pointed north, towards the interior of the United States and a Phoenix bus station. We all remember the uproar over the DHS buses with mirrored windows that were the subject of protests last year. Now DHS is using stealth to bypass the angered American people and it s working.According to a report by Judicial Watch, Homeland  Security  is still secretly transporting illegal aliens into the interior of the United States, those same  shadows  that they will later disingenuously claim to be wanting desperately to rescue them from. They ll be the families that can t be broken up and can t be transported together back to where they belong. They re the immovable squatters who are dictating what will and won t be done to them through the corrupt government that is using them as pawns to advance their agenda.The good people who make up the rank and file members of the CBP and ICE aren t happy about what they are being forced to do and the destructive impact it s having on our nation. Judicial Watch wrote:The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) is quietly transporting illegal immigrants from the Mexican border to Phoenix and releasing them without proper processing or issuing court appearance documents, Border Patrol sources tell Judicial Watch. The government classifies them as Other Than Mexican (OTM) and this week around 35 were transferred 116 miles north from Tucson to a Phoenix bus station where they went their separate way. Judicial Watch was present when one of the white vans carrying a group of OTMs arrived at the Phoenix Greyhound station on Buckeye Road.This report, part of an ongoing Judicial Watch investigation into the security risks along the southern border, features only a snippet of a much broader crisis in which illegal aliens are being released and vanishing into unsuspecting American communities. The Senate Subcommittee on Immigration and the National Interest addressed this issue just a few weeks ago in a hearing called Declining Deportations and Increasing Criminal Alien Releases   The Lawless Immigration Policies of the Obama Administration. Judd, the Border Patrol Union chief, delivered alarming figures at the hearing. He estimated that about 80% of apprehended illegal immigrants are released into the United States. This includes unaccompanied minors who are escorted to their final destination, family units and those who claim to have a credible fear of persecution in their native country. Single males that aren t actually seen crossing into the U.S. by Border Patrol agents are released if they claim to have been in the country since 2014, Judd added.The OTMs are from Honduras, Colombia, El Salvador and Guatemala and Border Patrol officials say this week s batch was in custody for a couple of days and ordered to call family members in the U.S. so they could purchase a bus ticket for their upcoming trip from Phoenix. Authorities didn t bother checking the identity of the U.S. relatives or if they re in the country legally, according to a Border Patrol official directly involved in the matter. American taxpayers pick up the fare for those who claim to have a  credible fear,  Border Patrol sources told JW. None of the OTMs were issued official court appearance documents, but were told to  promise  they d show up for a hearing when notified, said federal agents with firsthand knowledge of the operation.A security company contracted by the U.S. government is driving the OTMs from the Border Patrol s Tucson Sector where they were in custody to Phoenix, sources said. The firm is called G4S and claims to be the world s leading security solutions group with operations in more than 100 countries and 610,000 employees. G4S has more than 50,000 employees in the U.S. and its domestic headquarters is in Jupiter, Florida.Outraged Border Patrol agents and supervisors on the front lines say illegal immigrants are being released in droves because there s no room to keep them in detention.  They re telling us to put them on a bus and let them go,  said one law enforcement official in Arizona.  Just move those bodies across the country.  Officially, DHS denies this is occurring. Of course DHS denies it s happening. They are violating their oaths, the public trust and the United States Constitution; it s not likely they ll confess. But there is no doubt it is, and that it is they and not the rank and file members who are lying.The real question that needs to be asked is why it is happening. Why has an agency that is responsible for border enforcement evolved into a mechanism for facilitating border violations or was this its intended function from its subversive beginning?Via: Rick Wells ",0
13756,KARMA? PODIUM COLLAPSES At Hillary Rally [Video],Hillary Clinton was all smiles at a rally in California until her podium starts to collapse is this just a big case of karma? ,0
13757,CAN YOU GUESS THE ONE THING Majority Of Bernie Sanders Supporters Have In Common?,"The function of socialism is to raise suffering to a higher level.  Norman MailerBernie Sanders has raised a lot of money during the 2016 Democratic primary. In fact, his supporters often brag about his fundraising as proof of his viability as a candidate, just like Obama supporters did back in 2008.With all that in mind, you ll never guess what most of Bernie s donors have in common.The Los Angeles Times reports:Who gives money to Bernie Sanders?Small-dollar contributions have been the fuel that has propelled Sen. Bernie Sanders  presidential bid, making it one of the most successful insurgent campaigns in Democratic party history, but little has been known about those donors because campaigns don t have to publicize the names of people who give $200 or less.Now, a Times analysis of nearly 7 million individual contributions has provided unprecedented detail about the army of people behind the $27 donations Sanders mentions at virtually every campaign stop.Many resemble Emily Condit, 40 of Sylmar, who has contributed three times   $5 each   to the Vermont senator s campaign.Condit, who has several physical disabilities, is among the largest single group of Sanders  donors   those who don t have a job. Of the $209 million given to the Vermont senator s campaign, about one out of every four dollars came from those not in the workforce, who include the unemployed or retired.Here s a handy chart that puts things in perspective:So the  free stuff  candidate is being bankrolled mostly by people who aren t working.Anyone surprised?Via: Gateway Pundit",0
13758,ESPIONAGE ACT VIOLATION? HILLARY EXPOSES Names Of Hidden Intelligence Officials In Emails Through “Gross Negligence”,"America keeps waiting for word that Hillary will be indicted. Is Obama waiting for the right moment or will the FBI be allowed to do their job and put Hillary behind bars? Are Joe Biden and Elizabeth Warren standing by in the wings? One thing we know for sure, with this corrupt administration, anything could happen. Obama seems to have mastered the art of punishing America. Will the most corrupt President to ever occupy our White House, be the one responsible for finally putting end to the Clinton Crime Syndicate or does she know too much?Hillary Clinton posted and shared the names of concealed U.S. intelligence officials on her unprotected email system. Federal records reveal that Clinton swapped these highly classified names on an email account that was vulnerable to attack and was breached repeatedly by Russia-linked hacker attempts. These new revelations   reminiscent of the Valerie Plame scandal during George W. Bush s tenure   could give FBI investigators the evidence they need to make a case that Clinton violated the Espionage Act by mishandling national defense information through  gross negligence. Numerous names cited in Clinton s emails have been redacted in State Department email releases with the classification code  B3 CIA PERS/ORG,  a highly specialized classification that means the information, if released, would violate the Central Intelligence Act of 1949.The State Department produced a document to Judicial Watch in April 2014 that identifies different types of  (b)(3)  redactions, including  CIA PERS/ORG,  which it defines as information  Specifically exempted from disclosure by statute   Central Intelligence Act of 1949. That s what it suggests,  Judicial Watch president Tom Fitton told Breitbart News, referring to the indication that Clinton disclosed the names of CIA-protected intelligence sources, based on the B3 redactions.The CIA justifies  (b)(3)  redactions with this description:  (b)(3) Applies to the Director s statutory obligations to protect from disclosure intelligence sources and methods, as well as the organization, functions, names, official titles, salaries, or numbers of personnel employed by the Agency, in accord with the National Security Act of 1947 and the CIA Act of 1949, respectively. The State Department declined to comment.  Per the colleague who handles this issue, we are not speaking to the content of emails,  State Department spokeswoman Nicole Thompson told Breitbart News.Here are some examples of (b)(3) redactions;Naming the defense attach  in MaltaOn October 16, 2011, recent U.S. Ambassador to Malta Douglas Kmiec sent an email to Cheryl Mills with the subject line  TIME SENSITIVE AND CONFIDENTIAL   Malta Trip Backgrounder for the Secretary   Confidential. Kmiec wrote to Mills,  I know from current events that your life must be a whirlwind. I know that if there ever was someone who could tame the whirlwind, it would be you. Just read the news report of the Secretary s stop in Malta next week. Thank you for arranging this. This letter and the accompanying clips I believe will help make the Secretary s visit a highly successful and well received one. In the memo, Kmiec revealed the name of a top defense attach  in the country. That name was later classified by the State Department with three different classifications: 1.4 (D) to connote  Foreign relations or foreign activities of the US, including confidential sources,  B1 to connote  Information specifically authorized by an executive order to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy,  and  B3 CIA PERS/ORG. The largest part of our US team in the embassy is the navy/coast guard/ ncis contingent that has established a Maritime training program with the AFM to good success. The defense attach  there now is new [REDACTED] beloved and hardworking   and to good effect, patrolling the waters and the ports for [illegible] traffickers and terror related figures,  Kmiec wrote.Mills forwarded the memo directly to Clinton s private email account at clintonemail.com with the note  Fyi background. Clinton replied to Mills and CC ed Huma Abedin with the confidential information, writing,  I need enough time there to meet. Hague is there today and doing all the right meetings. So, I m copying Huma to reinforce my desire to squeeze more out of a too quick trip. When he sent the memo to Mills, Douglas Kmiec had been out of his Ambassador to Malta job for several months. Kmiec was a big supporter of President Obama. He garnered criticism in a 2011 inspector general report for ignoring directives from Washington and for spending too much time writing articles about religion. Iran Insights On September 2, 2009, Jackie Newmyer of Long Term Strategy Group in Cambridge, Massachusetts sent an email directly to Clinton s private account with the subject line  Iran Insights From [Redacted]  that included the B3 redaction code:Secretary Clinton,Last week I traveled to Israel [REDACTED] in an Iran-related seminar and simulation exercise with the IDF general who is likely to become Israel s next chief of military intelligence and his team and, separately, [REDACTED]. Yesterday, [REDACTED] Iran workshop in Washington involving DoD and think tank experts. Despite the fact that the meetings were with defense [REDACTED] personnel, there was universal sentiment that a strike on Iran s nuclear facilities would be counterproductive, on the one hand, and that incremental measures would be perceived by Iran as an indication of weakness, on the other.The email included sensitive information including the following:If Iran acquires a nuclear capability, no single American/allied countermeasure will be adequate. Something like the  flexible response  posture from the Cold War will be required, necessitating a range of actions from enhancing the US deterrent presence   nuclear submarines carrying ballistic missiles in the Arabian Sea   to bolstering regional actors  defenses.Israeli leaders should be able to contain the damage to the Israeli population s morale from an Iranian bomb, but this will require careful management of public statements. There is a tension between building up support for action against the Iranian nuclear program now and delivering the kind of reassurance that will be necessary once the capability has been acquired.Clinton replied that she would like to discuss the matter with Jackie.Jackie replied:I will be in Washington for a day-long meeting on Thursday this week [B3 REDACTED] and my travel plans are flexible, so I could meet you any time on Wednesday afternoon, after 5 pm on Thursday, or any time on Friday morning. If those times do not work, I would be happy to come down at your convenience.Clinton and Jake Sullivan then set up a meeting with Jackie.For entire story: Breitbart News ",0
13759,"5-STAR MOOCH Tells Graduates: “Every Single Day, I Wake Up In A House That Was Built By Slaves” [VIDEO]","Poor 5-star Mooch. At least we know now why she spends so much time traveling around the world on our dime First Lady Michelle Obama touted the diversity of the 2016 graduating class of City College in New York by comparing it to her own life and experiences. It s the story that I witness every single day, when I wake up in a house that was built by slaves,  Obama told the 3,000 graduates and their families Friday, adding:And I watch my daughters two beautiful, black young women head off to school waving goodbye to their father, the President of the United States, the son of a man from Kenya who came here to American to America for the same reasons as many of you: To get an education and improve his prospects in life.Via: Breitbart News",0
13760,FORMER ATTORNEY GENERAL: Here’s Why Trump Is Right To Question Fairness Of Judge In Trump Univ Lawsuit," It s not a question of Curiel s Hispanic heritage. It s the web of his connections that gives the appearance of bias in favor of Hillary Clinton and against Republicans.    Former Bush AG Alberto GonzalezFormer Attorney General in the Bush Administration, Alberto Gonzalez, penned an op ed in the Washington Post today, giving Donald Trump some cover in his rampage against a Mexican American judge presiding over the lawsuit against Trump University:It is crucial to understand the real issue in this matter. I am not judging whether Curiel is actually biased against Trump. Only he knows the answer to that question. I am not saying that I would be concerned about him presiding over a case in which I was a litigant. And if I were a litigant who was concerned about the judge s impartiality, I certainly would not deal with it in a public manner as Trump has, because it demeans the integrity of the judicial office and thus potentially undermines the independence of the judiciary, especially coming from a man who could be president by this time next year. But none of these issues is the test. The test is whether there is an  appearance of impropriety  under the facts as they reasonably appear to a litigant in Trump s position. Certainly, Curiel s Mexican heritage alone would not be enough to raise a question of bias (for all we know, the judge supports Trump s pledge to better secure our borders and enforce the rule of law). As someone whose own ancestors came to the United States from Mexico, I know ethnicity alone cannot pose a conflict of interest.But there may be other factors to consider in determining whether Trump s concerns about getting an impartial trial are reasonable. Curiel is, reportedly, a member of a group called La Raza Lawyers of San Diego. Trump s aides, meanwhile, have indicated that they believe Curiel is a member of the National Council of La Raza:La Raza is a vocal advocacy organization that has vigorously condemned Trump and his views on immigration:Judge Curiel, an activist for illegal immigration, works on behalf of San Diego La Raza immigration activists to select illegal aliens for scholarships: Below is the La Raza promotion of Judge Curiel as he sits on the Scholarship Selection Committee:It is transparently obvious to those who are following the events that Judge Curiel not only holds a bias against Mr. Trump, but also holds a political agenda specifically intended to protect his ideological  Open Border  advocacy.In a New York Times article, which relied on the  unredacted mistake release  a former employee of the Trump Organization, Ronald Schnackenberg, espouses his unhappiness with the former employ:In a set of documents unsealed on Tuesday, Mr. Schnackenberg, a sales manager, recounted how he was reprimanded for not pushing a financially struggling couple hard enough to sign up for a $35,000 real estate class, despite his conclusion that it would endanger their economic future. (link)However, as with all other elements of this political nonsense, Mr. Schnackenberg went to work for the pinnacle spokesperson for the Never Trump conscripts, Glenn Beck. You really just can t make this stuff up.The two groups are unaffiliated, and Curiel is not a member of NCLR. But Trump may be concerned that the lawyers  association or its members represent or support the other advocacy organization. Coupled with that question is the fact that in 2014, when he certified the class-action lawsuit against Trump, Curiel appointed the Robbins Geller law firm to represent plaintiffs. Robbins Geller has paid $675,000 in speaking fees since 2009 to Trump s likely opponent, Hillary Clinton, and to her husband, former president Bill Clinton. Curiel appointed the firm in the case before Trump entered the presidential race, but again, it might not be unreasonable for a defendant in Trump s position to wonder who Curiel favors in the presidential election.Read more: PJ MediaRead more: conservative treehouse",0
13761,LOL! POLITICO Publishes Article Blaming TRUMP And His Supporters For Horrific Violence Committed Against Them,"This ridiculous article by Politico, who pretends to be a non-biased source for news is sadly, what passes as journalism today. We ve taken the liberty of highlighting the article in places where POLTICO has gone out of their way to blame Trump and/or his supporters for the violent protesters (many of whom are paid by leftist organizations). Our comments can be found in parenthesis following the highlighted copy.Outside Donald Trump s campaign rallies in recent days, protesters have gathered and, increasingly, clashed violently with Trump supporters and police. Inside, Trump is going to new rhetorical extremes in his attempts to delegitimize a Mexican-American judge. Together, (Together? Does anyone else find it to be slightly ridiculous that the person writing this piece would honestly think anyone believes Trump and the violent anti-Trump protesters were working together?) they re forming an increasingly combustible atmosphere as the campaign enters the summer and temperatures here climb into triple digits.Trump has in the past vowed to become more  presidential  after dispatching his primary foes, and many political observers hoped tensions would decrease as Trump pivoted to appeal to broader swath of voters in the general election.Instead, the end of the primary has seen a steady rise in tension, fueling fears that the convention in Cleveland next month will surpass the turbulence of the 1968 Democratic convention in Chicago.Tense standoffs involving police, protesters and Trump supporters are common sights at campaign rallies, and violence has occasionally flared up, but there has been an uptick in the scale and frequency of violence over the past two weeks during the candidate s swing through the West. Most of the violence has been directed at police officers and Trump supporters outside rally venues, but on Friday, one local leader who condemned the violence also partly blamed Trump for it. (Of course, it s Trump s fault that the Left is paying people to riot and to attack innocent people along with the law enforcement officers who are hired to keep the peace.) While it s a sad statement about our political discourse that Mr. Trump has focused on stirring antagonism (Trump s fault) instead of offering real solutions to our nation s challenges, there is absolutely no place for violence against people who are simply exercising their rights to participate in the political process,  said San Jose Mayor Sam Riccardo, a Democrat, in a statement on Friday. In another statement, Riccardo said Trump s rhetoric is no excuse for violence and that city police would investigate and prosecute offenders. She said no protesters had applied for permits to demonstrate. In Albuquerque, where demonstrators shattered windows at the site of Trump s rally on Tuesday, police made three arrests and have an outstanding felony warrant for another demonstrator that includes eight counts of aggravated battery on a police officer, according to Albuquerque Police public information officer Tanner Tixier. He added that police were working four to five other cases that could lead to more arrests.Tidier also shot down as  conspiracy theories  rumors that anti-Trump demonstrators were illegal immigrants or paid agitators. (Because this public information officer knows each and every protester, and whether they ve been paid or are legal citizens of the United States.) They re just general local criminals. I don t even think they knew what they were protesting,  he said.The Mexican flag has been a common sight at recent protests in the West, which is home to many Mexicans and Mexican-Americans. Trump, meanwhile, began insisting during the past week that the judge presiding over one of the lawsuits against Trump University, Gonzalo Curiel, could not be fair because of his Mexican heritage. The statement   condemned by House Speaker Paul Ryan, editorial boards and legal watchdogs   can only inflame tensions out here. Muriel, the son of Mexican immigrants, was born in Indiana. (Because if Paul Ryan condemned Trump, the whole Republican party must be against him right?)Despite the warning signs, there is little indication from the Trump campaign or anti-Trump demonstrators that they plan to change course, making continued unrest likely in the months ahead. (In other words, there is no indication Trump plans to change his policies in order to appease illegal aliens and leftist thugs.)Entire article can be found at Politico",0
13762,WATCH: BLACK CONSERVATIVE DESTROYS Mexican Flag Carrying Protesters: “If Your Country Is So Great…Why Are You Here?,"***LANGUAGE WARNING*** Why is it acceptable for people who come from other damn countries to be proud of their country, but if American who is proud of the American flag is deemed  racist ? Why are you here is you re so proud of Mexico? Nobody else wants to say it, but Mexico is a f*cking hell-hole. They come over here and use our system because of our weak-ass politicians. Mexican pride this, and Mexican pride that. Then why the hell are you over here? Stop the bullshit. If I was saying a country was so great, I wouldn t have my ass in another country screaming about how great that country is that I ran away from! ",0
13763,BLACK MUSLIM CHASES And TACKLES Young White Trump Supporter [VIDEO],"Maybe Hillary or Bernie can use this footage in their next campaign ad. What a great way to bring American voters over to their side A poster on Twitter who identifies as a Black Muslim man claims to have been the person seen on news video chasing and tackling a young white male Trump supporter following a Trump rally in San Jose Thursday. Using the Twitter handle  Houdini @sizzle_seyf , the man posted the news video and retweeted congratulations on his chasing and tackling the Trump supporter.This video shows anti-Trump thugs sucker punching and attacking Trump supporters. Near the end of the video, the young white Trump supporter can be seen running from the mob. The pictures and video below show what happened when the black Muslim man finally caught up to him:Here are the still images of anti-Trump Muslim  Houdini  chasing and tacking a Trump supporter leaving the rally in San Jose, California.Before the Trump rally, Houdini had been posting about  My Ramadan.  The Muslim punk who calls himself  Houdini  has made his Twitter account private since bragging about tackling this young Trump supporter Here s the video:Outside Trump rally protestors chased down this kid and tackled him. When he got up we pointed him to police. pic.twitter.com/83O2oNzcMx  Tom Llamas (@TomLlamasABC) June 3, 2016Via: Gateway Pundit",0
13764,FORMER CLINTON POLITICAL ADVISOR: “I Left When Hillary Hired Secret Police to Go After Woman Victimized by Bill” [VIDEO],"Here s how Bill is paying back years of loyalty by his enabling wife Hillary, who made it possible for him to sexually assault an untold number of women. With Bill s magnanimous personality and Hillary s less than likable aura and fingernails on a blackboard orator skills, Bill has had her right where any strong and capable woman wouldn t have allowed herself to be in his back pocket. Hillary has allowed herself to be portrayed in the media as a  victim  and a loyal wife to her impeached husband. The truth is, Hillary needed (and still needs) Bill more than he ever needed her. It s precisely because of Hillary that Bill was able to prey on so many women and keep them quite afterwards. According to several sources, Hillary worked behind the scenes, threatening to do harm to any woman who would dare to come forward and expose her perverted husband for fear of destroying her insatiable desire for a powerful position in politics.During an Oct, 2014 interview, former advisor to President Bill Clinton, Dick Morris said it was then-first lady Hillary Clinton s  Nixonian  attempt to attack the woman Bill Clinton victimized and sexually harassed by hiring detectives to dig for dirt in their lives Hillary could use against them to smear their character. Dick Morris said he believes Bill was a very good president but he left because he said,  What really turned me off was what I call secret police. When she [Hillary] hired this fleet of detectives to go around examining all of the woman who had been identified with Clinton. Not for the purpose of divorcing Clinton. Not for the purpose of getting him to stop but for the purpose of developing blackmail material on these woman to cow them into silence that had a Nixonian quality that I hold against her and I continue to. Via: Breitbart NewsWATCH HERE: ",0
13765,VIOLENT RADICAL COMMIE ANGELA DAVIS Has A Strategy To Beat Trump That Every American Should Hear…We All Need To Know The End Game!,"The strategy of the left is WAR and that s why every American should hear it: Angela Davis on defeating Trump:  We have to do whatever is necessary Here s the truth about Davis from Frontpage mag and then the article below it is from a liberal publication so take it with a grain of salt.Frontpage Mag provides some background on Davis:Who is Davis? She s a Communist and a supporter of the Black Panther Party as well as homicidal British Black Power cult leader Michael X and the Soledad Brothers   who were acquitted of a prison guard s murder in 1970.That year, Davis was arrested and jailed for having bought the gun used in the Soledad Brothers  escape attempt: an attack in open court in California, which led to a shootout with the police and resulted in the death or injury of six people. She was eventually found not guilty.Davis has enjoyed massive support from the global left. When she was released from prison, she visited Cuba, then Russia, where she was awarded the Lenin Peace Prize. She spoke against racism in America and became a glamorized spokeswoman for Communism as a solution for black Americans and for oppressed people of color everywhere.Just like Obama s pal Bill Ayers, Angela Davis  past has been rewritten by the left to transform her into an activist rather than what she is   a violent criminal.NOTICE HOW IN THE ARTICLE BELOW THE LIBERAL PUBLICATION MAKES DAVIS OUT TO BE THE VICTIM:Activists around the world have long turned to Angela Davis for scholarly guidance when discussing systems of oppression and power.This week in New York, the radical feminist activist issued a rallying cry to Americans: to avoid a Donald Trump presidency,  we have to do whatever is necessary. Born in Birmingham, Alabama, Davis became a household name in 1969 when she was removed from her teaching post at the University of California Los Angeles for social justice work and her affiliation with the Communist Party. She made the F.B.I. s Ten Most Wanted list on false charges soon after, starting the 1970s with a 16-month incarceration and trial that sparked an international campaign when the world demanded that the United States government  Free Angela Davis. Former California Governor Ronald Reagan swore then that the philosophy professor would never teach in the University of California system again.Nine books and four decades later, a vocal Davis is now Distinguished Professor Emerita of History of Consciousness at U.C. Santa Cruz   an interdisciplinary Ph.D. program the likes of which are only possible because of the radical scholarship she laid as groundwork.Read more: Fusion",0
13766,HOME DEPOT FOUNDER: Why I Stand With Donald Trump,"Did you know that government regulations would keep Bernie Marcus from starting Home Depot today? New businesses across America are being strangled by  faceless bureaucrats and politicians who erroneously believe that government  can do it better.    Bernie MarcusHome Depot founder and former Jeb Bush-backer Bernie Marcus has endorsed Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, saying the  fate of the nation  hangs on sending him to the White House over Hillary Clinton. Writing for Real Clear Politics, the leading businessman said new businesses across America were being strangled by  faceless bureaucrats and politicians who erroneously believe that government  can do it better . I genuinely believe that if we to started The Home Depot today, we would fail because of the hurdles government, especially the current administration, places in front of small business owners,  he writes.Obama-style government, he adds, is  driving over-regulation, over-taxation, over-litigation, and over-spending  and thus  killing small businesses, which create the majority of new jobs in America. Politicians like Obama and Clinton, aided by the media and academia, have peddled a dangerous sentiment that government can provide for Americans better than the private sector. That s not just false, it s likely the nexus of Trump s massively popular slogan,  Make America Great Again.  We saw it first hand. Donald Trump, he says, is the only man who can  make America great again  by cutting red tape and changing the course of the country. As Americans, the choice is abundantly clear: If you want four more years of President Obama, vote for Hillary Clinton; if you want to take the country in a new direction, vote for Donald Trump. He also issued a warning to Republicans who refuse to back their party s designated nominee: Make no mistake, Republicans who refuse to stand behind their party s nominee are electing Clinton, whether they cast their ballots for her or not. I have a message for the #NeverTrump crowd: Enough already. Donald Trump is our presumptive nominee and it is time to get over wishing it were not so. If you don t, change your social media hashtag to #HillaryGOP. Via: Breitbart",0
13767,WHY ARE VAN LOADS OF ILLEGALS Being Moved and Released Away From The Border?,"The insanity continues! The outrageous invasion on our southern border has been so out of control in the past seven years but it s gotten to crisis mode recently with a HUGE surge in illegals from all over the world. Yes, we ve become a GLOBAL MAGNET for anyone to cross our border. Soooo what s the reason for the illegals to be released? You ll never believe it! It s because the detention centers are FULL! No kidding! The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) is quietly transporting illegal immigrants from the Mexican border to Phoenix and releasing them without proper processing or issuing court appearance documents, Border Patrol sources tell Judicial Watch.The government classifies them as Other Than Mexican (OTM) and this week around 35 were transferred 116 miles north from Tucson to a Phoenix bus station where they went their separate way. Judicial Watch was present when one of the white vans carrying a group of OTMs arrived at the Phoenix Greyhound station on Buckeye Road. The OTMs are from Honduras, Colombia, El Salvador and Guatemala and Border Patrol officials say this week s batch was in custody for a couple of days and ordered to call family members in the U.S. so they could purchase a bus ticket for their upcoming trip from Phoenix. Authorities didn t bother checking the identity of the U.S. relatives or if they re in the country legally, according to a Border Patrol official directly involved in the matter. American taxpayers pick up the fare for those who claim to have a  credible fear,  Border Patrol sources told JW. None of the OTMs were issued official court appearance documents, but were told to  promise  they d show up for a hearing when notified, said federal agents with firsthand knowledge of the operation.A security company contracted by the U.S. government is driving the OTMs from the Border Patrol s Tucson Sector where they were in custody to Phoenix, sources said. The firm is called G4S and claims to be the world s leading security solutions group with operations in more than 100 countries and 610,000 employees. G4S has more than 50,000 employees in the U.S. and its domestic headquarters is in Jupiter, Florida. Judicial Watch is filing a number of public records requests to get more information involving the arrangement between G4S and the government, specifically the transport of illegal immigrants from the Mexican border to other parts of the country. The photo accompanying this story shows the uniformed G4S guard that transported the OTMs this week from Tucson to Phoenix.Outraged Border Patrol agents and supervisors on the front lines say illegal immigrants are being released in droves because there s no room to keep them in detention.  They re telling us to put them on a bus and let them go,  said one law enforcement official in Arizona.  Just move those bodies across the country.  Officially, DHS denies this is occurring and in fact earlier this year U.S. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner R. Gil Kerlikowske blasted Border Patrol union officials for denouncing this dangerous catch-and-release policy. Kerlikowske s scolding came in response to the congressional testimony of Bandon Judd, chief of the National Border Patrol Council, the labor union that represents line agents. Judd told lawmakers on the House Judiciary Committee that illegal immigrants without serious criminal convictions can be released immediately and disappear into the shadows. Kerlikowske shot back, telling a separate congressional committee:  I would not stand by if the Border Patrol was   releasing people without going through all of the formalities. Yet, that s exactly what s occurring. This report, part of an ongoing Judicial Watch investigation into the security risks along the southern border, features only a snippet of a much broader crisis in which illegal aliens are being released and vanishing into unsuspecting American communities. The Senate Subcommittee on Immigration and the National Interest addressed this issue just a few weeks ago in a hearing called Declining Deportations and Increasing Criminal Alien Releases   The Lawless Immigration Policies of the Obama Administration. Judd, the Border Patrol Union chief, delivered alarming figures at the hearing. He estimated that about 80% of apprehended illegal immigrants are released into the United States.Read more: Judicial Watch",0
13768,VILE! MICHELLE OBAMA Spews Her Best Racial Hate Speech At A Commencement Ceremony In NY[Video],Trashy Michelle brings out her radical lying and twisting to brainwash college graduates this is our First Lady! If I didn t know better I d think she was talking about the anti-Trump protesters as the haters and dividers. She makes the most racist claims in a speech that should be inspiring for the graduates. Throwing assumptions out like poison arrows one after another. You can hear the hate and bitterness in her voice. But wait! Didn t she spend 20 years in Rev Wright s hate-filled church? Trump has NOT done anything but rally Americans in a great way! Patriotism has skyrocketed during his campaign. He has said he wants ILLEGAL aliens to be deported. He also said that many of the illegals are rapists and murderers. He is correct in that statement. How can anyone turn what Trump has said into anything other than THE TRUTH? ,0
13769,OBAMA’S LAWLESS AMERICA: CA Police Tell Violent Anti-Trump Protesters “Leave Now Or You Will Be Arrested”…Protesters Shout Back “WE DON’T FOLLOW THE LAW”,"Barack Obama s legacy will be a divided, lawless, mooching, disrespectful America. Obama has been very clear about his open alliance with Black Lives Matter terrorists and professional race baiters for hire. Ever since the death of thug Trayvon Martin, when Obama began his first strategy meetings with Al Sharpton and his former AG, racist Eric Holder, he s been shamelessly holding closed-door meetings at our White House. His meetings have been met with criticism by many Americans for hosting unsavory characters, like the guy wearing a tracking device on his ankle for kidnapping and rappers who threaten to harm fellow Americans if the election doesn t go their way at our White House. All the while, Obama has been subtly encouraging the masses to keep up the fight against law enforcement and to not let up on the oppressive white man. These violent protests are NOT spontaneous. They are happening as a result of a well planned, highly strategized and well-funded group of hard core leftists, who will stop at nothing to ensure their radical agenda is not upended by the shocking rise of the unafraid Donald Trump.YThis anti-Trump mob began their organized disruptions last night in San Jose, CA. It all started with the typical union chant (union influence can be found in every anti-Trump rally) that has been adopted by every leftist group in America. Here, you can see most of the protesters are Hispanic (likely illegal aliens):Officers form line btw protesters and supporters walking to rally. Protesters now chanting against Trump and police. pic.twitter.com/fjC8Xsnajh  Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) June 3, 2016Protesters, probably several hundred, move away from police and onto main road, blocking traffic. Don't see any officers.  Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) June 3, 2016Protesters march through downtown San Jose for an hour, targeting Trump supporters and evading officers. pic.twitter.com/Q4hKFELkIw  Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) June 3, 2016Police use megaphone to tell crowd to ""leave now or you will be arrested."" Protester shouts back, ""we don't follow the law!""  Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) June 3, 2016 ",0
13770,"SHOCKING MOB SCENE Caught On Video: Men With Mexican Flags ATTACK Female Trump Supporter, Throw Objects At Her Face And Head","What is amazing about this video is that it captures the unimaginable positive attitude of the female Trump supporter in the face of an angry mob of Trump haters. These men waving Mexican flags and shouting expletives can be seen throwing eggs and other unknown objects at her face and head while yelling  Mexico ! This brave woman just smiles and flashes a peace sign at the angry mob. Talk about composure!These men waving Mexican flags are more than likely illegal aliens. They are becoming increasingly more violent as the prospect of being sent back to Mexico or Latin America is becoming closer and closer to a reality. The gravy is train is pulling out and these uninvited criminals who have been living in our country under the cover of progressivism are scared to death they re about to get the boot. This will only get worse before it gets better. If America is serious about sending these lawbreakers back to their homeland, we need to use the woman in this video as an example of courage and steadfast commitment to saving our nation.Watch: The moment a Trump supporter, surrounded by protesters, is egged in the face, hit by other food. pic.twitter.com/qYFdwJWvrS  Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) June 3, 2016Here is a view from another angle of the mob of Mexican men assaulting the lone female:https://twitter.com/JaredWyand/status/738645772409970688",0
13771,TRUMP SUPPORTER Assaulted Outside Rally In San Jose…Media Silent [Video],"Yet another assault on a Trump supporter by a thug at a Trump rally in San Jose, California tonight. Luckily,the assault was captured on video so they have a picture of the attack. Arrest this guy! ",0
13772,DONALD TRUMP Gives Epic Response After PGA Moves From Trump’s Doral To Mexico,"One thing Donald Trump is really great at is delivering one-liners that resonate with people because they re true. This is why Trump will win in a landslide! Americans are so sick of the pandering politicians who sugar-coat everything. Trump is a refreshing change and oh so witty. Here s an epic one-liner on the PGA move from Miami to Mexico: I hope they have kidnapping insurance. Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is responding to the PGA moving the 2017 World Golf Championship to Mexico instead of holding it at Trump Doral in Miami. They move the World Golf Championships from Miami to Mexico City,  Trump commented.  They moved the PGA Tour, moved the World Golf Championships from Miami, where they re furious to Mexico City. If I become your president, this stuff is all going to stop,  Trump added. He went on to criticize the U.S. economy for being taken advantage of by Mexico.The PGA Tour said the move happens because it couldn t find sponsors, according to BBC.Trump argued the PGA  put profit ahead of thousands of American jobs. Timothy Finchem, PGA Tour commissioner, suggested Trump s profile made it  difficult  to get sponsors.  It s fundamentally a sponsorship issue,  Finchem added.  Donald Trump is a brand, a big brand, and when you re asking a company to invest millions of dollars in branding a tournament and they re going to share that brand with the host, it s a difficult decision. Finchem insisted the move isn t political.Trump slammed the decision, saying it s a  sad day for Miami, the U.S. and the game of golf. This decision only further embodies the very reason I am running for president of the United States. I hope they have kidnapping insurance,  Trump stated during an interview with Fox News.Via: Breitbart",0
13773,BUSTED! HILLARY AND BILL CLINTON’S MASSIVE Money Laundering Scheme With For-Profit University Makes Trump University Accusation Look Like Small Potatoes,"They preyed on the poor in Latin America. They promised them an education, but the real goal was about turning a profit. No, we re not talking about the Democrat party, we re talking about the sleazy Clinton Crime Syndicate, headed up by a serial sexual abuser and his habitual liar wife. You may have heard of her, she s the Democrat party s frontrunner in the upcoming presidential race With her campaign sinking in the polls, Hillary Clinton has launched a desperate attack against Trump University to deflect attention away from her deep involvement with a controversial for-profit college that made the Clintons millions, even as the school faced serious legal scrutiny and criminal investigations. In April 2015, Bill Clinton was forced to abruptly resign from his lucrative perch as honorary chancellor of Laureate Education, a for-profit college company. The reason for Clinton s immediate departure: Clinton Cash revealed, and Bloomberg confirmed, that Laureate funneled Bill Clinton $16.46 million over five years while Hillary Clinton s State Dept. pumped at least $55 million to a group run by Laureate s founder and chairman, Douglas Becker, a man with strong ties to the Clinton Global Initiative. Laureate has donated between $1 million and $5 million (donations are reported in ranges, not exact amounts) to the Clinton Foundation. Progressive billionaire George Soros is also a Laureate financial backer.As the Washington Post reports,  Laureate has stirred controversy throughout Latin America, where it derives two-thirds of its revenue.  During Bill Clinton s tenure as Laureate s chancellor, the school spent over $200 million a year on aggressive telemarketing, flashy Internet banner ads, and billboards designed to lure often unprepared students from impoverished countries to enroll in its for-profit classes. The goal: get as many students, regardless of skill level, signed up and paying tuition. I meet people all the time who transfer here when they flunk out elsewhere,  agronomy student Arturo Bisono, 25, told the Post.  This has become the place you go when no one else will accept you. Others, like Rio state legislator Robson Leite who led a probe into Bill Clinton s embattled for-profit education scheme, say the company is all about extracting cash, not educating students.  They have turned education into a commodity that focuses more on profit than knowledge,  said Leite.Progressives have long excoriated for-profit education companies for placing profits over quality pedagogy. Still, for five years, Bill Clinton allowed his face and name to be plastered all over Laureate s marketing materials. As Clinton Cash reported, pictures of Bill Clinton even lined the walkways at campuses like Laureate s Bilgi University in Istanbul, Turkey. That Laureate has campuses in Turkey is odd, given that for-profit colleges are illegal there, as well as in Mexico and Chile where Laureate also operates.Shortly after Bill Clinton s lucrative 2010 Laureate appointment, Hillary Clinton s State Dept. began pumping millions of its USAID dollars to a sister nonprofit, International Youth Foundation (IYF), which is run by Laureate s founder and chairman, Douglas Becker. Indeed, State Dept. funding skyrocketed once Bill Clinton got on the Laureate payroll, according to Bloomberg:A Bloomberg examination of IYF s public filings show that in 2009, the year before Bill Clinton joined Laureate, the nonprofit received 11 grants worth $9 million from the State Department or the affiliated USAID. In 2010, the group received 14 grants worth $15.1 million. In 2011, 13 grants added up to $14.6 million. The following year, those numbers jumped: IYF received 21 grants worth $25.5 million, including a direct grant from the State Department.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
13774,"OBAMA BLAMES “Right Wing” Talk Radio, FOX News For Angering “White People”…”Anti-Government” Attitudes [VIDEO]","Barack only needs to find the closest mirror to understand where the increase in racism and distrust in our over-reaching government originated. He is without a doubt, the most divisive President in the history of the United States of America. Dividing our nation will be his legacy President Barack Obama accused  right wing  talk radio and cable channels like Fox News of angering white people in America about the economy, arguing that it was actually doing really well under his administration.During his speech, Obama decried Republicans who campaigned on stopping  welfare queens  complaining about  makers and takers  and even referred to Mitt Romney s 47 percent comment. Their basic message is anti-government, anti-immigrant, anti-trade, and let s face it   it s anti-change,  Obama said, accusing them of lying just to oppose him. What they are saying just isn t true,  he said, before launching his own attempt at  mythbusting  narratives from conservative media.Obama complained that people failed to recognize that he was succeeding in improving the economy, cutting the deficit, and cutting spending. It s the story that is broadcast every day on some cable news stations, on right wing radio it s pumped into cars and bars and VFW halls all across America and right here in Elkhart,  he said.  If you re hearing that story all the time, you start believing it. It s no wonder people start thinking big government is the problem. Because of conservative radio, Obama argued,  White Americans think that reverse discrimination is as big a problem as discrimination against minorities. Obama argued they were wrong, since black unemployment was still twice as high as white unemployment and Hispanic women earned 55 cents for every dollar earned by a white man. Obama warned voters against listening to Trump s political argument. The one thing I can promise you is if we turn against each other based on divisions of race and religion if we fall for a bunch of okey-doke just because it sounds funny or the tweets are provocative, then we re not going to build on the progress we started. At one point, Obama stuttered repeatedly when speaking about Trump.Our President without a teleprompter:https://vine.co/v/iVLaiJxdqV2Obama made his speech at Elkhart, Indiana, where a majority of voters in the county voted against him in the 2012 presidential election. One person in the crowd shouted  one more time!  suggesting that she wanted Obama to run again for office.  No I can t do that,  Obama said.  The Constitution prohibits it but more importantly Michelle prohibits it.  Via: Breitbart News",0
13775,CORRUPT STATE DEPARTMENT Deletes Key Info From Press Conference…Who Demanded This?,This is seriously concerning! James Rosen calls out the effort to censor his question and the answer regarding Iran at a press conference. ,0
13776,"¡VIVA LA REVOLUTION! As Venezuela Collapses Under Socialist Rule, Dictator Maduro Endorses Fellow Socialist Bernie Sanders","The leader of the worst economy on the planet is endorsing fellow Socialist Bernie Sanders. Let that sink in Yes It s  A future you can believe in  if you re an abject idiot who doesn t have access to a single news source. VENEZUELA TODAY: The army has moved in, Coca-Cola has stopped production and inflation is expected to hit 500 per cent.Venezuela s economic crisis has ratcheted up a gear in the last week after President Nicholas Maduro deployed the army to strategic areas for two days of  war games  designed as a show of strength to a population increasingly pitted against him.The drastic escalation follows a major deterioration in the country s finances that have seen widespread shortages of food, basic goods and power cuts, fueled by years of economic mismanagement and corruption that have seen unemployment skyrocket to 17 per cent as the oil price has plummeted.University College London s leadership professor Marco Aponte-Moreno, who was born and raised in Caracas, told news.com.au the past few days had seen the stakes raised for both corrupt officials and those dying from lack of food and medicine in his home country. The stakes are very high [for the government] if they lose power,  he said, adding that many involved in illegal activities could be charged and taken to trial. The situation has become a matter of life and death for the government and also a matter of life and death for the people because people are dying because they don t have their medicines, the water they need. It s very sad to see the country like this, especially when you take into account that this is a country that has large natural resources. I have to admit it isn t a surprise. Corruption, shortages are things that are not new in Venezuela but they have never reached this level before. Via- News.comauVenezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has endorsed fellow socialist Bernie Sanders, D-Vt., for president, calling him  our revolutionary friend. In a televised address on Tuesday, Maduro criticized the U.S. election system, which he called  archaic,  for putting Sanders at a disadvantage. If the elections were free,  Maduro said,  Bernie Sanders would be president of the United States. Socialist Venezuela, which has been criticized for lack of transparency in elections, frequently denounces the U.S. government and accuses it of imperialism. The South American country is also prone to blaming its economic woes on Washington, and the two countries do not exchange ambassadors.Is this the America so many college students are dreaming of?Venezuela teeters on the brink of collapse, with low global oil prices contributing to massive shortage of basic goods like flour and toilet paper. The government recently moved to a two-day work week for public employees in an effort to conserve electricity.Maduro, who has publicly denounced President Barack Obama, said Sanders  ought to win in the United States.  The Vermont senator trails frontrunner Hillary Clinton and has little chance of amassing the delegates needed to receive the Democratic nomination. Via: The Olympian ",0
13777,BOOM! NAVY SEAL VET DESTROYS Whiny Organizer Of ‘Veterans Against Trump’ [VIDEO],"There is a stark difference between these two veterans. Perry O Brien, the crybaby veteran who has organized a group against Trump is put in his place more than once during their interview with CNN s Don Lemon. Former Navy Seal Carl Higbie brilliantly calls out and embarrasses conscientious objector Perry O Brien  for attempting to label him a  racist  because he doesn t agree with a particular religious ideology.We re not really fans of CNN, but they actually do America a favor when they bring guests like the conscientious objector, Perry O Brien onto their show to go head to head with a brave and passionate defender of America. This interview provides a pretty good representation of the how the Left has wussified the male vs. the strong conservative male who stands ready to defend his nation. If I were Trump I d pick the latter to be on my team. The reality is, when the sh*t hits the fan 99% of Americans are going to want veteran Carl Higbie on their team. We re not going to give a damn about whether or not he s passed a sensitivity course we just want to keep our nation safe from those who would like to take away our freedoms and destroy our way of life Anti-Trump and pro-Trump veterans debate Donald Trump's record https://t.co/u52Ea97Ny8https://t.co/jpUvhlw2zn  CNN Tonight (@CNNTonight) June 1, 2016",0
13778,LOL! The Woman Who Couldn’t Be Bothered With Protecting Lives Of Brave Americans Serving In Benghazi Attacks Trump On National Security,"Ironically, the two issues that catapulted Trump past all of his competitors in the GOP Presidential race were building the wall on our southern border and not allowing unveiled refugees to enter our country. We re gonna go out on a limb and guess that based on Trump s popularity with a wide variety of Americans, both issues are pretty important when it comes to our national security.Hillary Clinton will launch an attack on Donald Trump s national security policy Thursday, focusing on an issue the likely Democratic presidential nominee could use to her advantage over the billionaire New Yorker.The address in San Diego will  make clear the threat that Donald Trump would pose to our national security and to put forth her own vision for keeping America safe at home and leading in the world,  Clinton s campaign said in a statement Wednesday afternoon.For Clinton, the move is part of an effort to paint Trump as fundamentally unsuited to lead the world s most powerful military as she hopes to pivot away from the extended Democratic primary and toward a general election match-up with the presumptive GOP nominee.The attacks on Trump s lack of national security bona fides have increased speculation that he might pick a running mate with more experience in the defense or foreign policy, such as Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker (R-Tenn.). Throughout this campaign, Trump has refused to outline any coherent foreign policy doctrine, failed to demonstrate a basic understanding of world affairs, and repeatedly proven he s temperamentally unfit to serve as our commander in chief,  Clinton s campaign said on Wednesday.Despite his apparent weaknesses, however, Trump benefitted the most when the GOP primary contest took on a national security focus following deadly terror attacks in Paris and San Bernardino last year. Notwithstanding their radical nature, Trump s proposals to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border and temporarily ban foreign Muslims from entering the country have attracted a fair amount of support from fellow Republicans.",0
13779,MUST WATCH VIDEO: Obama Tries To Trash Trump But Turns Into A Babbling Mess [Video],This is too good to miss! Mr. Teleprompter didn t do so well when he went off script during an appearance in Indiana. ,0
13780,SYRIAN REFUGEES Spreading Catastrophic Outbreak Of FLESH EATING DISEASE To Host Nations…Disease Is Difficult To Detect In Refugees Coming To U.S.,"How many times have the press and the Left admonished Trump for saying we need to do a better job of vetting the refugees coming into America? Call me  racist,  but the threat of polio, measles, TB and this horrific flesh eating disease all seem like pretty good reasons to re-evaluated our open borders to Muslim refugees position The Syrian refugee crisis has precipitated a  catastrophic outbreak  of a flesh-eating disease that is spreading across the Middle East and North Africa, according to research published on Thursday in the scientific journal PLOS. Largely missing from news media coverage is that the same news-making scientific report warned the ongoing violence in Syria has  created a setting in which we have seen the re-emergence of polio and measles, as well as tuberculosis, hepatitis A, and other infections in Syria and among displaced Syrian refugees. Indeed, in 2013 the World Health Organization documented new cases of vaccine-preventable diseases such as measles, reporting that year alone the number of confirmed measles cases in Syria reached 139, as compared to no documented cases in 2010 and 2011.The WHO reported that 2013 saw Syria s first outbreak of polio since 1999. According to an April 2015 WHO report, 35 children were subsequently paralysed by polio before the start of a new vaccine campaign.In November, 2014 PLOS documented the spread of measles from among the Syrian refugee population.Regarding the flesh-eating disease, leishmaniasis, PLOP warned in its latest report,  We may be witnessing an epidemic of historic and unprecedented proportions, but it has largely been hidden due to lack of specific information. The PLOP journal reported leishmaniasis is now affecting hundreds of thousands of refugees and has spread to Iraq, Lebanon, Jordan, Libya and Yemen. In Yemen alone, 10,000 new cases have been reported annually, the journal reported. Additionally, the number of cases of CL (cutaneous leishmaniasis) has most likely been severely underreported  due in part to constraints on collecting data from violence-torn regions, PLOP warned. Few countries have mandated reporting of CL and the resultant weak reporting system promotes a lack of disease awareness and public policies for treatment and prevention,  the report added. Due to the violence, Syrians have been forced to flee from their homes and seek refuge across the Middle East, North Africa, and, more recently, Europe,  the journal documented.Volcano-like ulcersLeishmaniasis, meanwhile, is a disease caused by protozoan parasites. It is spread almost entirely by sandflies, including those present in the U.S.There are three main types of the disease: cutaneous, mucocutaneous, and visceral leishmaniasis.Cutaneous is the most common form among Syrians. It manifests in skin sores that typically develop within a few weeks or months from a sand fly bite. The sores can initially appear as bumps or nodules and may evolve into volcano-like ulcers.Mucocutaneous leishmaniasis causes skin ulcers like the cutaneous form, as well as mucosal ulcers that usually damage the nose and mouth.Visceral leishmaniasis, which has also been found among Syrian refugees, is the most serious form and can be fatal. It damages internal organs, usually the spleen and liver, and also affects bone marrow.Threat to U.S.?Refugees who enter the U.S. must undergo medical screening according to protocols established by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or CDC. Each refugee must submit to a physical examination, including a skin test and possibly a chest x-ray to check for tuberculosis,as well as a blood test for syphilis.The blood tests do not currently look for leishmaniasis. Clearly, an attending doctor could easily spot a patient with obvious skin ulcers. However, leishmaniasis cannot be detected upon physical examination if the patient is asymptomatic, as can be the case for years.In December, Dr. Heather Burke, an epidemiologist from the CDC s Immigrant, Refugee, and Migrant Health Branch, explained to Breitbart Jerusalem that there is generally a window of three to six months from the initial physical examination until a refugee departs for the U.S.She said a medical examination is valid for six months, and explained that patients undergo a second examination just prior to departure   a quicker  fitness to fly  screening. While she conceded that this final examination is not thorough, she said it would pick up any visible skin lesions. Burke told Breitbart Jerusalem that she is not aware of a single case of leishmaniasis entering the U.S. via Syrian refugees.Dr. Jane Orient, executive director of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons, warned that  most doctors in the U.S. know nothing about leishmaniasis. We d all need to refer patients to tropical diseases specialists,  she told Breitbart Jerusalem in December.  The treatments are toxic and expensive, and some are not widely available. For Orient, the only sensible public health policy is  for all refugees to pass through a quarantined place like Ellis Island. Officials need to know where they ve been and what diseases occur there. We need sophisticated, reliable screening methods and excellent vector control in any areas where refugees stay. For entire story: Breitbart News",0
13781,One Person MURDERED Every 14 Hours In Obama’s GUN-FREE Hometown…Black Chicago Residents Speak Out: “My Life Has Been Hurt By Democrats” [VIDEO],"69 people were shot in gun-free Chicago over this past Memorial Day weekend. Meanwhile Barack Obama is busy working with Black Lives Matter terror groups to point fingers at law enforcement and white people for the crisis majority black neighborhoods are facing in their communities. When will the media start exposing the truth about gun-free zones in America? It should be clear to every American that violent gun related crimes don t stop because you put up a gun-free zone sign in a neighborhood filled with bad guys.Instead of focusing on broken families, elected Democrats have been ignoring these communities for decades in favor of kickbacks and favors from vendors and contractors and in many cases, outright theft from money that was designated for local schools or community improvement projects. Unless and until someone gets serious about finding jobs for blacks and cutting off welfare funding as a reward for teenage and single moms to have multiple children, this problem will only get worse. Children need a father in the home period.Here are a few crime statistics that prove most of the crime victims in the gun-free city of Chicago are black males. Black on black crimes are the biggest issue these communities face, yet Obama and race baiters for hire across America have magically turned the argument around and are blaming Whites and cops for the huge uptick in violence in these mostly black neighborhoods.Sadly, a large number of the crimes have gone unsolved, as people who live in these neighborhoods don t want to rat out the killers. (Note the number of shootings where police were involved vs. the number of shootings between citizens HELLO Black Lives Matter!)Here s what black Chicago residents really think of their Democrat leaders, including the former Chicago community organizer/hustler, Barack Hussein Obama. They explain how Democrats are really the people responsible for perpetuating black on black crime:BLOODY MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND:Just after midnight, in one of the last shootings of the Memorial Day weekend, two people pulled out guns and started firing in East Garfield Park.The first call to police early Tuesday was for one person shot on Homan Avenue. Then a second victim. Then a third. Then someone walked into a hospital a few minutes later.In all, 27 of the 69 people hit by gunfire over the weekend were shot in or near the Harrison District, one of the city s most violent and one of the most heavily patrolled by police.So many people were shot there that Deputy Superintendent John Escalante promised Sunday to beef up patrols. Nine more people were shot there by early Tuesday.The breakdown from the weekend is: Three people killed and 12 people wounded Friday afternoon through early Saturday; one person killed and 24 people wounded Saturday evening through early Sunday; 13 people wounded Sunday afternoon through early Monday; and 16 people shot Monday into early Tuesday, two of them fatally.Here s a SHOCKING 30 DAY Stupidity Trend from HeyJackass.comThe holiday weekend was police Superintendent Eddie Johnson s first since Mayor Rahm Emanuel picked the veteran cop to lead the embattled department in late March. The department sought volunteers to work overtime over the weekend, although police spokesman Anthony Guglielmi did not release figures on how many officers worked. Instead of hiring more cops during a city budget crunch, Emanuel instead has relied heavily on overtime to try to tamp down violence. Via: Chicago TribuneWith the constant bashing of law enforcement by Black Lives Matter terrorists, coupled with the desire by Barack Obama and AG Loretta Lynch to tie the hands of cops across America, it should come as no surprise that cops are no longer willing to go the extra mile to protect those who would like to see them harmed.Question: How much on average does it cost for each gunshot victim in Chicago in 2016?Answer: An ASTOUNDING $68,683* per person*Costs assume the following:$55,000: Average gunshot victim ER and hospital expenses. $1000: Average CFD ambulance ride, only applicable to 80% of victims, rest self-transport. $800: Homicide-related autopsies. Doesn t include hospice care or ongoing rehabilitation. Cost estimates provided by Chicago Killings Cost $2.5 Billion. ",0
13782,THICK AS THIEVES: TRUMP UNIVERSITY Lawsuit Brought By Firm Who Paid Big Bucks To Clintons,"Well, well, well the truth comes out but not from the main stream media. The law firm that brought the lawsuit against Trump is thick as thieves with the Clintons. The Clintons received payment for speeches and lawyers in the firm maxed out on donations to the Clintons. Research by Lawnewz has discovered the legal firm behind the Trump civil action lawsuit paid Bill and Hillary Clinton massive amounts of money for speeches and advocacy during and after Hillary Clinton s tenure as Secretary of State:Donald Trump has undoubtedly made the class action lawsuit against Trump University a prime campaign issue. For the last several days, he has been on a tear against federal Judge Gonzolo Curiel who is overseeing one of the class action lawsuits against Trump University. In the lawsuit, former students claim that the University and Trump violated federal law by luring them to sign up with false promises and then defrauded them once they handed over their checks.LawNewz.com discovered that when it comes to politics, Robbins Gellar Rudman & Dowd, the law firm behind the class action lawsuit, is not exactly neutral either. Our analysis, using data compiled by The Washington Post, found that Robbins Gellar Rudman & Dowd paid the Clintons a total of $675,000 in fees for speeches since 2009. Hillary Clinton gave a speech for the law firm as recently as September 4, 2014.Bill Clinton also gave a speech for the same fee back in 2014, and another one in 2009 before the firm had been renamed (they used to be called Coughlin Stoia Geller Rudman & Robbins LLP). In fact, of the five law firms that paid for Clintons to speak in the last few years, Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd paid out the most money.Read more: conservative treehouse ",0
13783,Benghazi Survivor On Hillary Clinton: “I Don’t Think She Has A Soul”,"#FeelTheBern of incompetence A survivor of the 2012 Benghazi siege that claimed the lives of four Americans and subject of the movie  13 Hours  repudiated Hillary Clinton Thursday night in Connecticut s largest Democratic stronghold.Kris  Tanto  Paronto, a military contractor and former Army Ranger, said Clinton failed as secretary of state to send in adequate reinforcements when the U.S. mission in Libya was under terrorist attack.Part of the security team that tried to defend the compound, Paronto headlined the annual Lincoln Day fundraising dinner of Bridgeport Republicans, who make up less than 10 percent of the city s electorate.Paronto stopped short of endorsing the GOP s presumptive presidential nominee, Donald Trump, but said he will work with Republicans to shine a light on what happened in the confusion of the attack that killed U.S. ambassador to Libya J. Christopher Stevens on Sept. 11, 2012. I don t think she has a soul,  Paronto said of Clinton during an interview with Hearst Connecticut Media.  I hope it haunts her. I don t think it will. A spokesman for Clinton, who campaigned in Bridgeport ahead of her primary victory last month in Connecticut, declined to comment.Paronto said he has no doubt that there is a nexus between the Benghazi attack and the email scandal that has dogged Clinton, who has been criticized for using a personal server to send and receive classified material when she was secretary of state. He repeated accusations that Clinton misled the victims  families over what incited the attack. She lied to the family members, period,  Paronto said.  People are believing her over the family members of teammates that I lost. Clinton has denied telling the victims  families that an anti-Islam video was to blame for sparking the attack.Andy Wainwright, a Republican State Central Committee member from Stamford, said he recently saw  13 Hours  and was mesmerized. It was not a political movie,  he said.  There was no finger-pointing. It highlights the bureaucracy and a lot of times the military being handcuffed. For entire story: CT Post",0
13784,KING OBAMA Just Proclaimed The Month Of June Will Be Dedicated To Celebrating Homosexuality,"So let it be said so let it be done.I don t remember anyone asking if Americans were okay with the month of June being dedicated to homosexuality. How quickly we mere citizens have morphed into nothing more than serfs in King Hussein-Obama s kingdom LESBIAN, GAY, BISEXUAL, AND TRANSGENDER PRIDE MONTH, 2016BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICAA PROCLAMATIONSince our founding, America has advanced on an unending path toward becoming a more perfect Union. This journey, led by forward-thinking individuals who have set their sights on reaching for a brighter tomorrow, has never been easy or smooth. The fight for dignity and equality for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people is reflected in the tireless dedication of advocates and allies who strive to forge a more inclusive society. They have spurred sweeping progress by changing hearts and minds and by demanding equal treatment   under our laws, from our courts, and in our politics. This month, we recognize all they have done to bring us to this point, and we recommit to bending the arc of our Nation toward justice.Last year s landmark Supreme Court decision guaranteeing marriage equality in all 50 States was a historic victory for LGBT Americans, ensuring dignity for same-sex couples and greater equality across State lines. For every partnership that was not previously recognized under the law and for every American who was denied their basic civil rights, this monumental ruling instilled newfound hope, affirming the belief that we are all more free when we are treated as equals. [ ]NOW, THEREFORE, I, BARACK OBAMA, President of the United States of America, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the Constitution and the laws of the United States, do hereby proclaim June 2016 as Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Pride Month. I call upon the people of the United States to eliminate prejudice everywhere it exists, and to celebrate the great diversity of the American people.IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this thirty-first day of May, in the year of our Lord two thousand sixteen, and of the Independence of the United States of America the two hundred and fortieth.Via: WhiteHouse.gov",0
13785,REMAKING CHRISTIAN NATIONS WITH “REFUGEES”: “It’s Unbearable!” [VIDEO],"An anonymous post translated into English has touched a nerve in Germany. A 50-year old woman describes her life with the flood of  refugees  and how she cannot trust her government anymore. Note the many similarities with America under Obama. (R sum  of a German woman)I am almost 50 years old, I have a University degree, and was   out of love for nature   always a trusted voter for the Green Party. I never felt much interest for politics. In Germany everything seemed to always go its natural regular course. I had trusted our parliamentary democracy, I thought our administration would hardly make mistakes, because it is controlled by the opposition. Never, absolutely never did I think that I would lose all my trust in the State. It s unbearable that I am afraid of the future. Preferably I d just like to leave. But I feel to old to leave Europe.What country would even take me anymore? I am not a shameless African that just seats himself in a refugee boat. I would properly apply to the respective immigration authority. But my chances are close to zero. I am   like most Europeans   damned to impotence as I see this invasion happen.When, about ten years ago, a friend of mine emigrated to Australia, I felt sorry for her. How could one leave our beautiful Europe? A continent with such wonderful nature and culture. I would ve never even thought of this. Today I know: She did the right thing.I am becoming depressed in Europe. Our defenselessness shocks me. The failure to act by our politicians drowns my mind in a fog of powerlessness. I have not read any of Sarrazin s books, so as not to upset myself even more. Everything I read, in just our daily newspapers, is enough for me already.The Euro is a complete nightmare. The illegal immigration is a complete nightmare. But the single largest outrage is the political correctness which disables us from criticizing these immense breaches of law.We, that is us adult and mature citizens, who are in this way disenfranchised. When I went to school, I was taught critical thinking. What good is that to me now?Meanwhile I hate the Green party. They are asinine and dopey, and they are shameless. Just like the SPD and the CDU. They expect that we get up at 6 AM in the morning and encourage our children to succeed, just so that they will wear themselves out like us in order to be able to keep on financing this daily madness. And soon until we re 73 years old. [Translator: Germany plans to raise retirement age to 73]. But a State that provides no more stability, can no more expect of its citizens to function at full capacity. With each pot hole I drive through, with each African that I see loitering around, my motivation tanks more.What does our Politics even still have to offer to us? Legalization of hemp   probably so that we can withstand daily life in this insane country! Other than that there is nothing innovative on the program. I have looked at it all. Because I am looking for a new party that I can vote for.I want the Deutsche Mark back and that the outer borders of the EU are being protected. I don t want more than that. Is that too much to ask for?Also, a video below shows a trend of Germans moving to Hungary to escape the refugees. Note how the people who ve moved are made out to be the ones in the wrong for being fearful. The leftist media does the same thing in America.  This despicable leftist media hit piece still shows, despite itself, how bad it is in Germany if nice, hard working Germans are ready to leave everything familiar and move to Hungary.This is an important news piece for a couple of reasons.The obvious is that large numbers of established Germans are moving from the comfort of their own culture, friends and family to Hungary, which says a lot about the pressure they feel at home.The second is the German media s attempt to make them appear not as they are, victims of Merkel s insane policies, but as somehow villains for making those policies look bad by leaving. ",0
13786,DEMOCRATS EAT THEIR OWN: Secret Service Protect Angry Bernie As Leftist Protesters Rush Stage [VIDEO],"It s really quite ironic that the guy who has paid and non-paid protesters inciting violence and riots at virtually every Trump rally across America is being attacked by leftists on him home turf. Seriously though   Bernie Sanders is as far left as a politician can go without becoming a declared Communist. What bone could a leftist protester possibly have to pick with Bernie? The guy is like Santa Claus, but with other people s money. He s promising to punish every rich person in American while rewarding the lazy. What more do these freaks want?  At least four people at a Bernie Sanders rally in Oakland rushed the stage Monday evening, spurring Secret Service agents to jump onto the raised platform and protect him.The Democratic presidential candidate was uninjured and continued speaking, but not before several agents hugged him and pushed him away from the microphone. The identities of the individuals, who yelled as they approached the stage, were not immediately known. They were apprehended and led away by Secret Service from the podium at the Frank Ogawa Plaza, where the rally was being held. After the events of Monday night in Northern California, Sanders spokesman Michael Briggs said,  It was handled professionally by the Secret Service. Watch here:The Vermont senator began receiving Secret Service protection in early February during the early part of the presidential primary season, in his challenge to Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton.  Via: CNN",0
13787,WATCH: Hispanic Parents Make Shocking Video Teaching 3 Yr Old To Say “WE HAVE TO KILL DONALD TRUMP”,"This video exposes the underbelly of the illegal alien community and the hate they have for anyone who would enforce the rule of law in America. Based on the conversation these irresponsible parents are having with their 3 year old child in the video, these parents appear to be concerned about being deported if Trump becomes our next President. It s hard to distinguish the difference between Islamic radical parents who teach their young children that killing innocent Americans is okay as long as it fulfills an obligation to Islam, and Mexican illegals living in America who are teaching their kids the same kind of hate and violent behavior.America is a melting pot. We welcome vetted immigrants from all over the world with open arms who want to become citizens of our great country. Becoming an American does not mean you live here, but are separate from our culture and traditions. It s clear by this video that these parents have an  us against them  mentality. This is NOT assimilation and these are NOT the kind of people we want living in America!WHAT THESE YOUNG ILLEGAL  DREAMERS  Do To Trump Supporters Will Make Your Blood Boil [Video]We posted a story a few months ago that featured young Hispanic kids screaming expletives at Trump supporters as they drove by en route to a Trump rally. Are these the kind of children we want to see growing up to become violent adults in our nation, all because their parents were fortunate enough to illegally cross our borders and give birth to them?https://youtu.be/zjHb3XkPuK0There was also  this professionally made video that was used as a tool to dissuade Hispanics from voting for Trump. Whoever thought this making video was a good idea is a first rate idiot. The only thing this video will do is make Americans want to start deporting more stupid people who think they re above the law Any parent who allowed their child to appear in this vile video should be up on child abuse charges! ***Serious Language WARNING**** ",0
13788,WOW! NH LAWMAKER AND VET Rips Into Liberal Media At Trump Press Event: “Stop making political pawns out of veterans” [Video],"Donald Trump held a press conference today to clarify every since bit of accusations made that he pocketed over six million dollars meant for veterans. Basically, Trump shut the liberal media down. It was awesome! What was even better was watching a New Hampshire lawmaker rip into the liberal press like I ve never seen! ",0
13789,CAUGHT ON VIDEO! Violent Anti-Trump Thugs Pelt Eggs At Trump Supporters,When will the media report on this nice group of illegal aliens and racist American thugs ,0
13790,WHOA! Mainstream Media Has Officially DECLARED WAR On Crooked Hillary: “Far and away the most devastating 10 minutes on Hillary Clinton you will EVER see” [VIDEO],"Even the most militant supporters of Crooked Hillary are (reluctantly) exposing the truth about her. Fake black guy,  journalist  and Black Lives Matter terror group activist, Shaun King tweeted a scathing video exposing Hillary and the lies she can t escape Leftist Chuck Todd begrudgingly admits,  Because of this breach, for instance, I don t think she could be confirmed for instance, as Attorney General. The best part of the video is when Mika asks looney leftist Andrea Mitchell, who has been carrying the Clinton s water for decades,  I really, don t want to be the one delivering this, but, I gotta tell ya it s really hard to believe. It feels like she s lying straight up. Andrea Mitchell is she [Hillary] lying?  Andrea panics then responds, I can t say that uh I would let the viewer, I would let the voter uh make those determinations. The libs are in panic mode, as they should be. Hillary cannot lie her way out of this and these leftist  journalists  are running out of options to cover for her.https://twitter.com/ShaunKing/status/736067250105372673And finally Chuck Todd has this to say about Crooked Hillary and her crooked husband,  Like so many of these Clinton scandals, it s impossible to imagine that this wasn t going to surface. ",0
13791,"ESPN SENIOR WRITER Says COPS, SOLDIERS Singing At Ballparks Is Racist Show Of Power…Says 9/11 Police Officers Aren’t Heroes [VIDEO]","What happens when a black police officer sings the national anthem at a ball park? Is that racist as well? When will Disney owned ESPN figure out their fans aren t watching for their ignorant, racist commentary? ESPN Magazine  senior writer Howard Bryant argued in has latest column that police officers and military personnel should not sing the national anthem before sporting events.But it s not because he thinks they have bad voices   but rather because it amounts to a display of  staged patriotism  signaling an  authoritarian shift at the ballpark. Why don t more athletes speak out on behalf of their communities?  Bryant wrote.  Perhaps more of them would if there wasn t a chilling force looming over them. Bryant s column became a subject on a  Fox and Friends Weekend  segment, and the gang totally disagreed with him.Anna Kooiman noted that Bryant had written similar columns, in which he took the exception to  doing the flyovers and singing the national anthem and  God Bless America. In today s political climate, where kids in some district can t recite the Pledge of Allegiance, she asked  What is the problem here with expressing some patriotism? It s not forced patriotism! Peter Doocy said that, according to Bryant, these displays are  feeding into the 9/11 hero narrative,  which butts heads with the Black Lives Matter movement.He does not believe that police officers on 9/11 were heroes,  he said, and then wondered why a sporting magazine was opining about politics in the first place. Via: BizPac Review ",0
13792,COMMUNIST VIETNAMESE LEADER THANKS U.S. Anti-War Activists For Helping With Their Victory Only Days Before Obama’s Visit,"Obama s historic Embracing the Communists Tour wouldn t be complete without a stop in Vietnam All on the American taxpayers dime, of course In the weeks leading up to Memorial Day and President Barack Obama s scheduled trip to Vietnam, a prominent Vietcong communist leader privately thanked American anti-war activists for helping defeat the U.S.-allied government in Vietnam in the 1970s, saying protest demonstrations throughout the United States were  extremely important in contributing to Vietnam s victory. For Vietnamese guerrilla leader Madam Nguyen Thi Binh, who sent the private letter from Hanoi dated April 20,  victory  meant the communist takeover of South Vietnam. The letter addressed veteran American anti-war activists who gathered in Washington, D.C., at a May 3 reunion of radical  May Day  anti-war leaders.The Daily Caller News Foundation obtained a copy of the letter at the meeting.Binh, now age 90, originally served as the highest ranking Vietnamese delegate to the Paris Peace Talks that imposed a ceasefire in the country in 1973.The  Vietcong  was a ragtag group of communist guerrillas who were allied with the official communist government in North Vietnam. The country was cut in two in 1954, with the south seeking to build a democratic state allied to the West.Binh s frank admission highlights a secret side of the communist s effective lobbying influence in the United States. Rather than live in the southern part of the country, which for decades she represented as a diplomat, it appears after the war Binh was living in Hanoi, the original capital of North Vietnam.In her letter, she extolled the American anti-war movement, saying it was  a key component  that advanced the communist takeover of South Vietnam. The Vietnamese people have great appreciation for the peace and antiwar movements in the United States and view those movements  contribution as important in shortening the war,  she wrote and which was read to an assembled group of  May Day  anti-war activists in Washington, D.C.The  May Day tribe  consisted of thousands of radical anti-war protesters bent on shutting down Washington, D.C., in May 1971 through three days of massive civil disobedience. More than 12,000 protesters were arrested, for filling the streets to block feds from getting to work.The Nixon administration was so fearful of violence against federal employees, it deployed 5,000 paratroopers from the 82nd Airborne Division and thousands more from the Marine Corps barracks to protect the 14th Street Bridge, a major thoroughfare into the nation s capital from Virginia.The protesters rallying cry was,  if the government won t stop the war, we ll stop the government. The war temporarily ended in 1973 when the Paris Peace Treaty was signed that imposed a ceasefire on all parties.That ceasefire was abruptly broken in 1975, however, when the North Vietnamese forces launched a surprise  Spring Offensive. Leading the offensive were hundreds of T-54 and T-55 heavy Russian tanks that left secret sanctuaries in neighboring Cambodia and flooded into South Vietnam. Regular North Vietnamese troops spearheaded the offensive, along with guerrillas tied to the Vietcong, which also called themselves the National Liberation Front of Vietnam.By the time the Russian tanks were about to drive into Saigon, a liberal Congress filled with anti-war lawmakers already had hamstrung their South Vietnamese allies. Congress cut military aid to Saigon by 50 percent and handcuffed the South Vietnamese military facing the communist onslaught by barring any U.S. air support or other meaningful military assistance to the government.The offensive was relatively quick, trapping hundreds of thousands of pro-American Vietnamese troops and millions of civilians who had trusted Washington and openly supported the United States.The lasting images of those dark, chaotic days were captured by American news networks, which showed the panic in the capital city.Harrowing pictures depicted U.S. helicopters frantically trying to ferry thousands of panic-stricken Vietnamese citizens and U.S. officials off the roof of the American Embassy. The videos depicted Vietnamese clinging from helicopters in a desperate effort to escape the onrushing communist army.The defeat ultimately triggered an international humanitarian crisis where at least 800,000 Vietnamese  boat people  fled their communist conquerors. Many bravely undertook perilous journeys in small boats across the Gulf of Thailand to escape the new communist warlords. An unknown number of refugees drowned in the exodus.After the communists defeated the South Vietnamese army, more than 1 million South Vietnamese citizens who had supported the United States were left behind and imprisoned in  re-education camps.  About 100,000 faced summary execution by the communist victors.Bill Cowan, who was a Purple Heart Marine platoon leader in Vietnam, told TheDCNF that U.S. troops were demoralized when the U.S. media only highlighted anti-war protesters and not the heroism of many of the Vietnamese who were trying to keep their country free. The media fueled the anti-war movement, empowering the protestors, the North Vietnamese, and the Vietcong,  he told TheDCNF. It was rare to have a  good news  story about what was happening there,  Cowan said. I recall a reporter coming to interview me at the village I was living at and apologizing after she was done by saying,  You know, this story will probably never see the light of day. My editors will quash it because it has too many good things in here about what you guys are doing.  Cowan told TheDCNF.Fred Rustmann, a former Central Intelligence Agency officer who was deployed in Vietnam for two years and later assigned to cover the Paris Peace Talks where Binh was the chief Vietcong delegate, called her  a great propagandist. She was really the propaganda arm of the Vietcong. And she was very effective. She was living in a villa in Paris in the southern suburbs, which was a very communist, socialist neighborhood,  Rustmann told TheDCNF in an interview. He said ironically Binh spent more time in Paris than in Vietnam.In Paris,  she was regularly interviewing with leftist news organization. She had these leftist kids and try to influence them. I believe she met several times with Jane Fonda. Binh actually recalled in her latest letter many meetings she had with American anti-war activists. She wrote,  The first time I met representatives of the American anti-war movement was at a week-long conference held in Bratislava in 1967, with the attendees of about forty Americans. Before parting, we were shaking hands, holding hands,  she recalled in her letter, adding,  During the war years, I also met many other Americans in different places organized by U.S. citizen groups opposed to the war. Obama visited Vietnam last week for a three-day trip, and hailed its communist leadership and downplayed the human rights problems that persist.Hours before Air Force One touched down, Vietnam had scheduled national  elections  for its one-party National Assembly. Reminiscent of previous old communist regimes from the Soviet Union days, the state-run press reported that 98.77 percent of the public  voted  in the election.Only one sentence in Obama s main speech to the Vietnamese public made any reference to human rights problems in the country.Vietnamese government officials also blocked dissidents from meeting with Obama or his advisers when the American delegation arrived in Ho Chi Minh City, formerly Saigon. White House Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes said it shows the meeting was  the source of significant discomfort  for Vietnam s rulers. Via: Daily Caller",0
13793,WHOA! HISPANIC TRUMP SUPPORTERS Scream At Anti-Trump Thugs: “GO BACK TO MEXICO!” [VIDEO],"A first hand look at the lie the media continue to perpetuate that all Hispanics are against Trump. WOW! HISPANIC TRUMP SUPPORTERS Scream at Anti-Trump Mob:  Go Back to Mexico!  #RollingThunderhttps://t.co/50evxarkt2    Cris   (@ThePatriot143) May 29, 2016",0
13794,DONALD TRUMP’S Touching Gesture After Rally Caught On Video,"The Americans who ve lost a loved one to an illegal alien are all but forgotten. You hear nothing from the main stream media about all of the crimes committed by people who come to America illegally.  Donald Trump has taken a special interest in the Americans who re part of The Remembrance Project. It s a group dedicated to remembering their lost loved ones by doing what they can to prevent anyone else from having to go through what they have. We ve had this group on our radar for some time now and highly recommend whatever support you could give them. Can you imagine knowing your loved one would be alive had it not been for our lax border controls? Well, Donald Trump recognizes this and knows we need to do whatever we can to stop this. Cell phone footage captured at Wednesday s campaign rally shows Donald Trump s touching and spontaneous interaction with a group of mothers who attended the rally and who lost their children to illegal alien violence.The footage shows Trump kissing and signing posters of the mothers  deceased children after his rally in Anaheim, California. The footage also revealed the pandemonium after a Trump rally with fans reaching over and around each other as Secret Service desperately tries to maintain control of the chaotic situation. It is in this context that Trump, despite the pressure to continue moving forward, stopped and interacted with the families.The affectionate gesture draws a sharp contrast with the growing chaos outside the arena where protesters were waving foreign flags, chanting obscenities, and violently confronting law enforcement. The irony is that these children are dead specifically because law enforcement was not allowed to do its job. He s our last hope for our country to ever recover,  Durden said of Trump s candidacy. Read more: Breitbart",0
13795,IT BEGINS….OBAMA APPOINTED JUDGE Rules Trump University Records Must Be Released,"Chicago style politics buckle up America Barry s just getting warmed up A federal judge has ordered the release of internal Trump University documents in an ongoing lawsuit against the company, including  playbooks  that advised sales personnel how to market high-priced courses on getting rich through real estate.The Friday ruling, in which Judge Gonzalo Curiel cited heightened public interest in presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, was issued in response to a request by The Washington Post. The ruling was a setback for Trump, whose attorneys argued that the documents contained trade secrets.Curiel s order came the same day that Trump railed against the judge at a boisterous San Diego rally for his handling of the case, in which students have alleged they were misled and defrauded. The trial is set for November.Trump, who previously questioned whether Curiel s Hispanic heritage made him biased due to Trump s support for building a wall on the Mexican border, said Friday that Curiel  happens to be, we believe, Mexican.  Trump called the judge a  hater of Donald Trump  who had  railroaded  him in the case. I think Judge Curiel should be ashamed of himself. I think it s a disgrace that he is doing this,   Trump said.Trump University was started in 2004 to offer courses in entrepreneurship under the Trump brand. Trump gave his blessing, according to court documents reported previously by The Post, becoming a 93 percent owner of the new enterprise.For entire story: The State.com ",0
13796,UNREAL! BLACK TRUMP SUPPORTER Threatened And Abused For Being Pro-Trump [Video],This guy is awesome! He is so right and so on point about his assessment of Trump. ,0
13797,FLASHBACK MEMORIAL DAY 2016: Donald Trump Speech With Rolling Thunder: “We’re gonna knock the h*ll out of ISIS!” [Video],"Donald Trump addressed thousands of motorcyclists, many of them military veterans, attending the annual Rolling Thunder gathering to honor the nation s soldier missing-in-action. The bikers have been great supporters of Trump as he mentioned last week:  I am doing it in honor of the great bikers who have been totally supportive of my campaign and now I want to be supportive of them. I look forward to it! GREAT! WE MADE THE RIGHT CHOICE AMERICA!",0
13798,CAUGHT ON CAMERA! ANTI-TRUMP THUGS Stoop To New Low But Challenge Cameraman When Questioned [Video],The anti-Trump protesters stoop to a new low and when challenged by the cameraman they verbally abuse him. These people need a big reality check! Thank goodness for the Rebel Pundit cameraman who caught this on video. ,0
13799,FLASHBACK: EVIDENCE SHOWS “CROOKED” HILLARY Has Been Burying E-mails Since She Was First Lady,"If anyone were to tell you 20 years ago that a career criminal, habitual liar and an enabler of husband who is a serial sexual offender was going to be a frontrunner for President of The United States in two decades simply because of her genitalia, would you have believed them?While the State Department s own internal probe found former Secretary Hillary Clinton violated federal recordkeeping laws, it s not the first time she and her top aides shielded her e-mail from public disclosure while serving in a government position.As first lady, Hillary was embroiled in another scheme to bury sensitive White House e-mails, known internally as  Project X. In 1999, as investigators looked into Whitewater, Travelgate, Filegate and other scandals involving the then-first lady, it was discovered that more than 1 million subpoenaed e-mails were mysteriously  lost  due to a  glitch  in a West Wing computer server.The massive hole in White House archives covered a critical two-year period   1996 to 1998   when Republicans and special prosecutor Ken Starr were subpoenaing White House e-mails.Despite separate congressional investigations and a federal lawsuit over Project X, high-level e-mails dealing with several scandals were never turned over. And the full scope of Bill and Hillary Clintons  culpability in the parade of scandals was never known.To those well-versed in Clinton shenanigans, this all sounds distressingly familiar. Thanks to another server-related problem, Clinton so far has gotten away with withholding more than 30,000 e-mails from congressional committees investigating the Benghazi terrorism cover-up, Clinton Foundation foreign-influence peddling and other scandals. This Clinton e-mail scandal is nothing new,  Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton told me.  There were previous efforts to hide e-mails in the Clinton White House. His Washington watchdog group filed a lawsuit to recover the missing White House e-mails back then, just as it has against the State Department now, though it has had better luck in this case.The parallels don t end there.During the Project X e-mail scandal, career White House staffers and contractors found that someone close to the first lady had basically turned off the White House s automated e-mail-archiving system. They fingered White House  special assistant  Laura Crabtree Callahan, who was overseeing the computer contractors despite obtaining computer-science degrees from diploma mills.Read more: NYP",0
13800,RONALD REAGAN: Remembering Our Heroes [Video],"This speech, delivered by President Ronald Reagan on Memorial Day, epitomizes our debt of gratitude to those who died in battle serving the cause of liberty here in the United States and around the world. We will never forget you! ",0
13801,Anti-Trump Protester’s X-Rated Comment Angers MSNBC Anchor: “Grow The Hell Up!”,This is rich! A live feed from MSNBC was trying to show how great the anti-Trump protesters were behaving but all of a sudden a guy yells out a disgusting sexual phrase. Fair warning! ,0
13802,BEST EVER CROOKED HILLARY Collection Of Lies And Flip Flops [Video],Hillary Clinton has had a loooong career at lying at twisting things. Here s a great video to share with everyone you know! ,0
13803,Anti-Trump Protester Surrounded By Mexican Flags In CA: “If Trump Wins He’ll Be Dead Within A Week…Cartel Won’t Have His Bullsh*t” [VIDEO],"It was actually refreshing to see the cops fighting back against an unruly mob of Mexican flag carrying rioters in San Diego (Watch video HERE). It s interesting to see how little coverage the threats against Donald Trump s life are getting by the press. Could you imagine a LEGAL American Tea Party member threatening the life of Hillary? Do you think you d have to scour conservative news sources to find that story? No need to answer that Hundreds of protesters gathered outside a Donald Trump rally on Friday, chanting  f**k Donald Trump  and holding obscene signs   including one that included a death threat against Trump should he win the presidency in November.The young protester held up a sign that read:  If TRUMP wins He ll be DEAD with in A week The Cartel wont have his Bullsh*t. Protester outside Trump San Diego rally threatens Trump with death by cartel if @realDonaldTrump is elected pic.twitter.com/khqIm8Ro4h  Michelle Moons (@MichelleDiana) May 27, 2016Mexican flags waved as the crowd flooded the street in front of the San Diego Convention Center, where Trump was speaking.Arrests were also made at the anti-Trump riots. Most of them appeared to be Hispanic. Will the media ever disclose how many of the people who were arrested are illegal aliens.Protester handcuffed outside Trump San Diego rally pic.twitter.com/qpMR3Jbskt  Michelle Moons (@MichelleDiana) May 28, 2016At one point bottles were thrown at police, and in the course of the protests, several people were detained. Several pi atas depicted Trump, including one whose head had been severed in the street, with the rest just a crumpled bit of papier-m ch .Via: Breitbart NewsWhat you didn t see reported by the mainstream media was the ENORMOUS crowd of supporters inside the San Diego venue where Trump was announced to thunderous applause. It s no wonder the Left is freaking out about Trump. He is drawing tens of thousands of supporters in the bluest of blue states and they re coming because they believe in him. They re not coming because of the color of his skin or his promise to fundamentally destroy our nation, they re coming because they want to see America return to her greatness and they believe Trump has the ability to actually make that happen. What America didn't see much of! @realDonaldTrump's rally in Fresno, CA. w/ the MOVEMENT! AKA, #TrumpTrain  pic.twitter.com/oETrL6M4A5  Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) May 28, 2016",0
13804,RUSSIAN ROULETTE FOR LAW ENFORCEMENT: Border Patrol Agents Given Awards For Putting Lives Of Armed Illegal Aliens Before Their Own,"Mind blowing incompetence and reckless disregard for the lives of these brave men and women by politically appointed leftists A new service award recently created by U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) for Border Patrol agents could actually put their lives at risk. The award recognizes an agent who does not use deadly force in a situation where they are confronted by an armed assailant.  They want us to put ourselves in a bad tactical situation,  National Border Patrol Council Vice President Shawn Moran told Breitbart Texas in an interview Friday evening.  This could lead to one of our agents getting killed. The award is defined by the CBP as:The Use of Deadly Force Encounter Averted award is to recognize and employee who demonstrated clear situational awareness and courage while disarming a suspect using contact controls and verbal commands before the situation escalated to the use of deadly force. The act must demonstrate courage in the face of an armed suspect and result in no injury in accordance with agencies use of force policy. At first, I thought this was a joke,  Moran told Breitbart Texas. But Border Patrol Agent Chris Cabrera contacted officials in the awards section of CBP and they confirmed it is true, he said. In addition to his Border Patrol duties Cabrera also serves as vice president of NBPC Local 3307 and as NBPC deputy spokesperson. This is a true indication about how the politically appointed leaders of the CBP truly feel about our agents,  he said.Moran said he had not heard about the award before Cabrera brought it to his attention.  I can t recall any official discussions between the union and the department over this,  he explained.  This is typical pandering by our executives to organizations like the ACLU and illegal alien advocates. The exacerbated leader of the NBPC which represents more than 18,000 men and women who protect our nation s borders said,  They are more concerned about placating these groups than protecting Border Patrol agents. He said this is also typical for them to roll something like this out on the day before a big holiday weekend hoping no one will notice.The policy appears to put just one more thing an agent must think about when faced with a life threatening situation.The NBPC posted a copy of the award definition on its Facebook page earlier on Friday evening. Commenting on the award, the organization posted,  This type of thinking will get Border Patrol agents killed. If that happens we will hold the creators of this award accountable. This is despicable. The CBP seems to be following the lead of the Los Angeles Police Department who rolled out a  Preservation of Life Award.  The policy was designed to recognize officers who hold their fire to avoid using deadly force, Breitbart News  William Bigelow reported in November 2015.The Los Angeles Police Protective League had a similar reaction to that of the NBPC. The local police union responded that the award prioritizes the lives of suspected criminals over the lives of officers.NATO forces in Europe considered a similar idea but never implemented it, Bigelow reported. Via: Breitbart News ",0
13805,ANTI-AMERICAN DEM REP: The Declaration Of Independence Is Racist And A Lie! [Video],"You will NOT believe this woman! Barbara Norton claims in the video below that the Declaration of Independence is a lie and is racist. Who elected this loony lady? Louisiana State Rep Barbara Norton says that not all men are created equal from the House Floor, challenging a bill that would have school children recite an excerpt from the Declaration each morning, along with the Pledge of Allegiance. ",0
13806,THIS ONE PICTURE Tells You Just How Delusional Hillary Has Become About The Trouble She’s In,"As much as Hillary Clinton wants to spin the definition of the trouble she s in, it won t matter. The FBI Director James Comey isn t playing around and won t put up with the spin from Hillary. ",0
13807,THAT’S GONNA LEAVE A MARK…Anti-Trump Punks Attack CA Police…Get BIG Surprise When Cops Hit Back! [VIDEO],"Are police officers finally getting sick and tired of walking around on eggshells while being disrespected and abused by the Obama-Soros F*ck The Police crowds?  It s good to see our law enforcement officers actually doing what they re paid to do without coddling Bernie and Hillary s basement dwellers Watch: Protesters outside Trump rally start to attack SD police officers, who hit back. pic.twitter.com/4bSZHVQAck  Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) May 27, 2016Here s a video of a F*ck Trump sign carrier who was pepper sprayed by police. Watch the black man near the end of the video ask her,  Was it worth it? Watch: Protester tries to recover after she is pepper sprayed in the face by a SWAT officer. pic.twitter.com/9nocgenykr  Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) May 28, 2016Here is a great time lapse video of thousands of Trump fans lined up to get into his San Diego, CA rally. It s interesting how there doesn t appear to be a single act of violence anywhere in this video:Time-lapse: Thousands of Trump supporters still in line for SD rally nearly five hours after doors opened. pic.twitter.com/fzcSpZAWV8  Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) May 27, 2016Here are some of the responses to the YUGE San Diego Trump rally line by Twitter users:For the record and your future reporting: San Diego is NOT a big GOP area. Obama won SD County 55-44% in '08, 51.5-46.4% in '12!  George Biagi (@hoyageorge) May 27, 2016https://twitter.com/nancyporras13/status/736351982521192448Here is a tweet from leftist San Diego councilman encouraging anti-Trump protesters. Saying San Diego will #StopTrump :This lady refuses to let go of the Trump pi ata. Says she will carry it until the end. San Diego will #StopTrump pic.twitter.com/BwTPqcGoq2  David Alvarez (@AlvarezSD) May 27, 2016https://twitter.com/realHJTrinity/status/736335102376955904 ",0
13808,BREAKING VIDEO: TRUMP MOTORCADE BLASTS THROUGH Police Barricade After Angry Anti-Trump Protesters Lob Projectiles At Him,"Are these protesters at the Trump rally in Fresno, CA illegal aliens? If they re not illegal aliens, why are the people who are most angry about the potential of a Trump presidency so loyal to the Mexican flag?Secret Service agents directing the motorcade carrying presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump apparently took evasive action after objects were thrown at the SUV carrying Trump as he departed the Selland Arena in Fresno, California on Friday. Video and online reporting posted by a local TV station shows the Trump motorcade barreling through a police barricade at such a high rate of speed that a shocked reporter said  hundreds could have been killed or injured  by the maneuver.Video by ABC30 reporter Veronica Miracle shows objects being thrown by protesters hitting the Trump motorcade as the convoy departs Selland Arena.Moments later fellow ABC30 reporter Jessica Peres posted her shocked reaction to Twitter as Trump s motorcade apparently took evasive action: Insane! Trump s vehicles RAM through police barricade at high speed and speed out of downtown @ABC30 #TrumpFresno #ABC30Insider Really Jessica Peres? Did you miss the objects that were being LAUNCHED at the Trump motorcade by protesters? Are you aware that the Secret Service has an obligation to protect Trump from harm by these pathetic basement dwellers? How is the Secret Service supposed to determine if the flying objects being lobbed at the motorcade are Starbucks cups from the anti-capitalists punk protestors molotov cocktails? Here is the video footage of Trump s motorcade barreling through the police barricade:It appears there was a security failure by allowing a horde of anti-Trump protesters with a history of violence across the state and nation to gather en masse within feet of Trump s departing motorcade at a vulnerable point as it crept out of the service entrance for the arena and had to make a hard turn off a driveway exit ramp. The apparent high-speed detour through the police line moments later seems to have been a corrective action.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
13809,EPIC! KRAUTHAMMER Nails Obama For Hiroshima Visit: “Dishonored Our Nation”,"We couldn t have said it better! The brilliant Krauthammer rips into Obama for his visit to Hiroshima EPIC! Krauthammer: Obama closed the apology tour today in Hiroshima. And to say it wasn t a form of apology, of course he wasn t going to use the word. And yes he did speak in the abstract but he did it in Hiroshima  Look, this is a visit he should have made next year as a private citizen. In which case he could speak like a naive private citizen about escaping the logic of fear  And the president speaking as president, representing the United States, I thought it was embarrassing utopianism and the implicit apology dishonored our nation. ",0
13810,JIMMY KIMMEL READS His Second Book To Donald Trump: Winners Still Aren’t Losers [Video],Jimmy Kimmel writes a second book for Trump pretty GREAT! ,0
13811,"WATCH: TRUMP PUTS TOGETHER HILARIOUS Montage Of Democrats, RINO’s And Talking Heads Saying He’d NEVER Get 1237 Delegates","So much for the wisdom of Obama, the know-it-all RINO s, Democrats and political pundits Enjoy:A video posted by Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on May 26, 2016 at 3:55pm PDTHere s another montage of #NeverTrump losers:",0
13812,OBAMA USES HIROSHIMA VISIT To Blame Religion For Wars…Doesn’t Mention Pearl Harbor [VIDEO],"What a unique way for a President of the United States to spend his Memorial Day weekend apologizing to a nation who wanted to destroy us, but were defeated because of  those brave men who gave all to defend our nation against evil Every visit our repulsive apologist  President  makes to a foreign country is calculated. It s hard to imagine any reason other than campaigning for UN Secretary General for his visits, as he makes his way around to communist and former enemy nations apologizing for America s  transgressions . Will America survive the 7 months that still remain in this traitor s term? President Barack Obama delivered a pious anti-war address in Hiroshima highlighting  humanity s core contradiction  of war, lamenting that humanity tried to justify war because of religion.  How easily we learn to justify violence in the name of some higher cause,  he said.  Every great religion promises a pathway to love and peace and righteousness, and yet no religion has been spared from believers that have claimed their faith has a license to kill. Obama blamed  religious zeal  or  nationalist fervor  for inspiring humankind to war throughout history, but urged the world to seek a future filled with peace.Watch here at the 7:50 mark:https://youtu.be/ikI0F7wVomoThe president did not explicitly apologize for America using the nuclear bomb to end World War II but rhetorically painted a vivid scene of the bomb that wasted the entire city. Death fell from the sky and the world was changed,  he said, pointing to the  wall of fire  that ended the lives of thousands of people. Their souls speak to us, they ask us to look inward, to take stock of who we are and what we might become,  he said.The president delivered his speech at the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park in Hiroshima after he laid a wreath of memorial at the and met with survivors of the nuclear attack.Obama wrestled with mankind history of using science and technological innovation to destroy each other, asserted that the nuclear bombs that ended World War II proved the horror that  mankind possessed the means to destroy itself. Yet, in the image of a mushroom cloud that rose into these skies we are most starkly reminded of humanity s core contradiction,  he said.He argued that it was time for the United States and other countries with nuclear weapons to disarm their stockpiles. We must have the courage to escape the logic of fear and pursue a world without them,  he said. Via: Breitbart News ",0
13813,INCONVENIENT TRUTH Of Obama’s Drug Abuse Brought Up At Vietnam Press Event…Did He Or Didn’t He?,"Ever the politician and excellent liar, Obama was asked about smoking pot during a press event in Vietnam. He must have smoked lots of pot because he forgot about the FACT that he said he indeed did smoke pot. He also must have forgotten that he wrote about it in his book. Remember Choom Gang? We re not condemning him for the pot smoking as much as we re calling him out for blatantly lying in his book or to the questioner in Vietnam. So which is it? Here s our president totally trying to pull a fast one in an obvious lie at a press event in a foreign country. Nice job Obama making America look foolish on a national stage is REALLY what you re best at.Obama and his Choom Gang must have been smoking strong stuff. Now he can t even remember if he smoked it at all. From his recent trip to Vietnam:When a Vietnamese attendee at a town hall asked Pres. Obama about his weed-smoking past, the U.S. president replied that he  didn t know  if reports of his marijuana use were true.The exchange:Q:  Thank you. I m a filmmaker, so I m very interested in personal stories. And you said before, when you are young you re like fooling around. And I read on Internet   I m not sure if it s true or not   that you also like smoking weed and things like that. OBAMA:  I don t know if that s true. If he really doesn t remember, he ought to refresh his memory by reading his own book:In his 1995 memoir  Dreams of My Father,  Obama writes about smoking pot almost like Dr. Seuss wrote about eating green eggs and ham. As a high school kid, Obama wrote, he would smoke  in a white classmate s sparkling new van,  he would smoke  in the dorm room of some brother  and he would smoke  on the beach with a couple of Hawaiian kids. He would smoke it here and there. He would smoke it anywhere.Maybe Obama killed too many brain cells and all of a sudden he can t remember how convenient!Read more: moonbattery",0
13814,HERE ARE THE FIVE State Department Rules That Hillary Violated [Video],"While Hillary doubles down on her false claim that the rules were clarified AFTER she left the State Department, we ve got the 5 top rules she broke. But first we need to listen to the masterful liar herself:Hillary Clinton doubles down on defending her email practices:  Rules were not clarified until after I had left. https://t.co/ggH7XtU5Qo  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) May 26, 2016 That investigation is ongoing, but the report identifies five other laws or regulations that Clinton circumvented or failed to follow. They contradict the Clinton campaign s repeated claims that Clinton s email practices at the State Department complied with all relevant rules regarding federal records and information security.Retaining agency records after leaving  Departing officials and employees [may] not remove Federal records from agency custody   36 C.F.R.   1222.24Clinton s personal email address, which she used exclusively as secretary of state, was housed on a private email server in her Chappaqua, N.Y. home. That meant her emails, which are considered federal records, were never in federal custody while she served as secretary. She didn t just retain records after leaving the State Department; those records were never in the department s possession in the first place.Properly archiving agency records  Agencies that allow employees to send and receive official electronic mail messages using a system not operated by the agency must ensure that Federal records sent or received on such systems are preserved in the appropriate agency recordkeeping system.   36 C.F.R.   1236.22(b)Clinton claims that the fact she was sending emails to federal employees using official email accounts meant that those emails were being archived properly. The IG rejected that explanation and concluded that Clinton had violated rules on the preservation of federal records. Secretary Clinton should have preserved any Federal records she created and received on her personal account by printing and filing those records with the related files in the Office of the Secretary,  the IG wrote.Preserving federal records from loss or destruction  All Department employees are   required by law to preserve documentary materials meeting the definition of a record under the Federal Records Act [and are] responsible for creating, using, maintaining, preserving, and disposing of the Department s information and records.   State Department Foreign Affairs ManualClinton has said that she deleted roughly 30,000 emails stored on her server that she deemed of a personal and non-official nature. Neither the State Department nor the records agency has ever seen those emails. We now know that they included messages that were official in nature.The IG report identified a number of such emails to Gen. David Petraeus.  The Department of Defense provided to OIG in September 2015 copies of 19 emails between Secretary Clinton and General David Petraeus on his official Department of Defense email account.  None of those 19 emails were turned over to the State Department.Other deleted Clinton emails included dispatches about the Libyan civil war and the Sept. 11, 2012, terrorist attacks on U.S. diplomatic facilities in the country.Use of department-approved computing devices  It is the Department s general policy that normal day-to-day operations be conducted on an authorized AIS, which has the proper level of security control to provide nonrepudiation, authentication and encryption, to ensure confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the resident information.   State Department Foreign Affairs ManualAccording to the inspector general, Clinton never received department approval to conduct official agency business on her private email server. She never consulted with the proper authorities before doing so. If she had, her email arrangement would have been rejected. According to the current CIO and Assistant Secretary for Diplomatic Security, Secretary Clinton had an obligation to discuss using her personal email account to conduct official business with their offices, who in turn would have attempted to provide her with approved and secured means that met her business needs,  stated the IG report. However, according to these officials, DS and IRM did not and would not approve her exclusive reliance on a personal email account to conduct Department business, because of the restrictions in the FAM and the security risks in doing so. Handling of sensitive-but-unclassified (SBU) information  Where warranted by the nature of the information, employees who will be transmitting SBU information outside of the Department network on a regular basis to the same official and/or most personal addresses, must contact the [information security officials] for guidance in implementing a secure technical solution for those transmissions.   State Department Foreign Affairs Manual Emails exchanged on [Clinton s] personal account regularly contained information marked as SBU,  but she never obtained the required approval for the handling of such information on a personal computing device. Because a security review never occurred,  Secretary Clinton never demonstrated   that her private server or mobile device met minimum information security requirements. Information security officials from Clinton s time at the agency told the IG  that they were not asked to approve or otherwise review the use of Secretary Clinton s server and that they had no knowledge of approval or review by other Department staff. These officials also stated that they were unaware of the scope or extent of Secretary Clinton s use of a personal email account, though many of them sent emails to the Secretary on this account. Read more: WFB",0
13815,GREAT NEWS! Thanks To New York’s Socialist Mayor And Leftist City Council…You Can Now Pee In The Streets!,"The social rot continues in a city that was miraculously cleaned up on Mayor Giuliani s watch. All of the hard work Rudy did to fight crime and make tourists as well as residents feel safe again will all be undone by one Socialist mayor Scofflaws of New York, rejoice   the City Council has cleared the way for you to litter, loiter and pee in the street to your heart s content.Watch here:New legislation dubbed the  Criminal Justice Reform Act  was passed by lawmakers Wednesday, giving miscreants a get-out-of-jail-free card by eliminating the criminal penalties on a raft of quality-of-life crimes.The disgusting and disturbing acts that the council voted to decriminalize include drinking alcohol out of a paper bag, lurking in parks after hours, urinating in the street and making enough of a racket to violate the noise code.Under the legislation, which Mayor Bill de Blasio is expected to sign, offenders will face only civil summonses instead of criminal citations.The main part of the  reform  act sponsored by Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito deals with reducing the penalty for public urination and other quality-of-life offenses. It passed by a 40-9 vote in the liberal-leaning council.It aims to keep offenders from getting a permanent criminal record and requires the NYPD to  develop guidance  for cops on when to issue criminal instead of civil summonses.",0
13816,ANGRY BERNIE REFUSES To Respond When TV Host Asks About Collapse Of Socialist Latin American Countries [VIDEO],"#FeelTheBernOfSocialismUnivision host Leon Krauze asked avowed Socialist Bernie Sanders about the collapse of several Latin American countries due to their failed socialist policies. Angry Bernie responded with well, anger.WATCH:",0
13817,WOW! TEXAS IMAM Agrees With Trump About Shutting Down Muslim Immigration: “Peace comes before religion”,"A Texas Imam agrees with Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump s controversial suggestion that America set-up a  total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States  until further investigation can be done. The Imam also said there should be a ban of Syrian refugees of any religion.The Imam, Nidal Alsayyed, who leads a Beaumont, Texas, mosque agrees with both Donald Trump and Texas Governor Greg Abbott.Governor Abbott called for a halt to relocation of Syrian refugees into Texas after the Paris terrorist attacks. He also called upon President Obama to stop the importation of these refugees into the U.S., as reported by Breitbart Texas  Bob Price.12 News On Monday Trump called for  a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country s representatives can figure out what is going on,  as reported by Breitbart News.Trump said,  our country cannot be the victims of horrendous attacks by people that believe only in Jihad, and have no sense of reason or respect for human life. Trump issued a statement saying that Americans need to understand radicals within Islam before the government authorizes them to come into the country, as reported by Breitbart News.Alsayyed, the Imam from east Texas told his local television station,  I certainly see it to be wise [to] stop temporarily accepting any new Muslim immigrants [refugees and non-refugees] into the United States. Alsayyed leads the Islamic Center of Triplex. He said the halt applies to new refugees of any religion and he does not believe that taking this action is unconstitutional. The Muslim religious leader said these actions are acceptable  when it comes to peace and safety.  He also added,  This should not prevent the United States to fulfill its duties towards international partners. The Texas Imam said,  It does not matter whether Trump said it or anyone else   American Muslims need to say we are with this country.  He also said they should raise the American flag in support of the nation. He continued,  We American Muslims need to be sincere in our religion and to the country we are living in. Peace comes before religion. We need to be truthful and transparent when we express a viewpoint or feedback. It does not matter whether Trump said it or anyone else,  he said.When challenged on his comments the Imam responded in a comment via Facebook saying:I only said what I believe is right. Trump is not against American Muslims; He is against any new Muslim immigrants (refugees and non-refugees)! There is a big difference here! We cannot be emotional.I believe there is a great confusion and lack of understating nationally and among Muslim themselves for what Mr. Trump is calling for. Refugees in general have no clear identity or belief. They are seeking shelter and opportunity; but America cannot take this risk NOW!My advice to trump to stop differentiating among Christian vs. Muslim refugees; only because he may get surprised to see all refugees claiming to be Christians!The east Texas imam made local headlines last December when he denounces ISIS and their ruthless conduct. 12NewsNow anchor Kevin Steele asked Alsayyed if he would denounce ISIS. He strongly replied, Come on, no human being would accept this type of animal behavior. This is like, this is completely, it doesn t belong to any religion this ISIS. In Trump s statement on Monday, he noted a Center for Security Policy poll showing there are segments of the Muslim population that hate U.S. citizens. The poll showed that 25 percent of the Muslims polled  agreed that violence against Americans here in the United States is justified as part of the global jihad.  Fifty-one percent of those polled  agreed that Muslims in America should have the choice of being governed by Shariah. Breitbart News has also reported that The Economist/You Gov poll published in late November shows that Americans strongly oppose Muslim immigration into America. The poll showed that of those likely to vote in a primary election, approximately 30 percent believe that all, most, or more than half of Muslims worldwide support the Islamic State (ISIS).An Ipsos poll in mid-September revealed that even before the Paris terrorist attacks, public support for allowing more Middle East refugees into the country crashed once Americans understood the enormous numbers of refugees, as reported by Breitbart News.Before the San Bernardino, California, attacks, a full 61 percent opposed Obama s refugee program, as reported by Breitbart News  John Nolte. Via: Breitbart News",0
13818,DEVASTATING 30 SECOND Commercial Shows Scary Truth About TARGET’S Dangerous Open Door Bathroom Policy [VIDEO],"First it was the FLUSH TARGET  campaign, where a truck will travel to every store in MN delivering a serious message to Target management:  I don t feel safe at Target  Click HERE for [VIDEO]Now a new campaign has been launched with an ad  targeted  at Target shoppers. The ad was produced by Minnesota-based activist group  Flush Target . It s a simple ad with a powerful message.WATCH:",0
13819,THIRD GRADE BOYS COMPLAIN About 9 Year Old Girl Using Boys’ Bathroom…Boys Told To Stand Closer To Urinals,"Girls aren t the only gender who will suffer embarrassment, humiliation and even the prospect of sexual predators in their bathrooms and locker rooms. Shame on American parents for not making more of a fuss about this horrendous decree by a dictator with only seven months left in his final term A Southwest Elementary School parent said he s keeping his three sons out of school until the Howell, MI Public Schools Board of Education explains why a girl is using the boys  bathroom.Matt Stewart said his 9-year-old son informed him Friday that  there was a girl in the bathroom  and the girl was told  to look at the wall  while boys were told to stand closer to the urinals. He said his son indicated the information came from a school staff member. I have three children in Southwest Elementary School and they are being humiliated and intimidated,  Stewart said Wednesday.  Our kids are absent from school until there s a policy in place that keeps them from being humiliated or intimidated.  The bottom line: A 9-year-old girl is in the boys  bathroom with my son,  the father said, adding there is no precaution to keep the girl from walking out of a stall and seeing a male classmate urinating.Messages to Southwest Principal Jennifer Goodwin and district Superintendent Erin MacGregor as well as public information officer Tom Gould were not returned late Wednesday.School board President Michael Yenshaw said the matter  is not one that has reached the board  at this time, and Vice President Stacy Pasini said she preferred  to have no comment. It does not pertain to an immediate threat to the public safety of the district,  Yenshaw s written reply stated.  It may also involve FERPA (Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act) issues, which limit the content of information that the district is permitted to release.FERPA is a federal law that protects the privacy of student education records.Stewart said he spoke with the school principal and MacGregor, both of who would not confirm if the third-grade female student is transgender due to privacy issues.Stewart sought an approved policy through the Freedom Of Information Act, but was told there is no districtwide policy in place on the issue of transgender bathroom use. He said MacGregor  took ownership  for  the final decision on this matter   allowing students to use the bathroom of their choosing. This was (decided) quietly, behind closed doors,  Stewart said.The issue of transgender usage of bathrooms exploded nationally after the passage of House Bill 2 in North Carolina, which became law March 23. It bans transgender people from using bathrooms that don t match the gender on their birth certificate.Via: Livingston Daily",0
13820,FRIGHTENING Observations By A 75 Year Old American…All Of A Sudden America’s Becoming An Islamic State,"These are shocking revelations that have essentially taken place while America and our elected representatives slept.ALL Of A Sudden Before Obama there was virtually no outlandish presence of Islam in America. Only 7 years later, here are some observations made by a 75 year old American:1. All of a sudden, Islam is taught in schools. Christianity and the bible are banned in schools and in our military.2. All of a sudden we must allow prayer rugs everywhere and allow for Islamic prayer in schools, airports and businesses.3. All of a sudden we must stop serving pork in prisons.4. All of a sudden we are inundated with law suits by Muslims who are offended by American culture.5. All of a sudden we must allow burkas to be worn everywhere even though you have no idea who or what is covered up under them.6. All of a sudden Muslims are suing employers and refusing to do their jobs if they personally deem it conflicts with Sharia Law.7. All of a sudden the Attorney General of the United States vows to prosecute anyone who engages in  anti-Muslim speech .8. All of a sudden, Jihadists who engage in terrorism and openly admit they acted in the name of Islam and ISIS, are emphatically declared they are NOT Islamic by our leaders and/or their actions are determined NOT to be terrorism, but other nebulous terms like  workplace Violence. 9. All of a sudden, it becomes policy that Secular Middle East dictators that were benign or friendly to the West, must be replaced by Islamists and the Muslim Brotherhood.10. All of a sudden our troops are withdrawn from Iraq and the Middle East, giving rise to ISIS.11. All of a sudden, America has reduced its nuclear stockpiles to 1950 levels, as Obama s stated goal of a nuke-free America by the time he leaves office continues uninterrupted.12. All of a sudden, a deal with Iran must be made at any cost, with a pathway to nuclear weapons and HUNDREDS of BILLIONS of dollars handed over to fund their programs.13. All of a sudden America APOLOGIZES to Muslim states and sponsors of terror worldwide for acts of aggression, war and sabotage THEY perpetrate against our soldiers.14. All of a sudden, the American Navy is diminished to 1917 Pre-World War I levels of only 300 ships. The Army is at pre-1940 levels. The Air Force scraps 500 planes and planned to retire the use of the A-10 Thunderbolt close air support fighter. A further draw down of another 40,000 military personnel is in progress.15. All of a sudden half of our aircraft carriers are recalled for maintenance by Obama rendering the Atlantic unguarded, NONE are in the Middle East.16. All of a sudden Obama has to empty Guantanamo Bay of captured Jihadists and let them loose in Jihad-friendly Islamic states. He demands to close the facility.17. All of a sudden America will negotiate with terrorists and trade FIVE Taliban commanders for a deserter and Jihad sympathizer.18. All of a sudden there is no money for American poor, disabled veterans, jobless Americans, hungry Americans, or displaced Americans but there is endless money for Obama s  Syrian Refugee  Resettlement programs.19. All of sudden there is an ammunition shortage in the USA.20. All of a sudden, the most important thing for Obama to do after a mass shooting by two Jihadists, is disarm American Citizens.21. All of a sudden, the President of the United States cannot attend the Christian funerals of a Supreme Court Justice and a former First Lady because of previous (seemingly unimportant) commitments.Finally And all of a sudden, I m sick to my stomach. I m not sure the majority of Americans recognize the seriousness of the situation and how much  progress  has been made by Islam these last 7 years, a very brief time compared to a 75 year lifetime!This was sent to 100% FED UP! by a fan of our Facebook page.",0
13821,BEAUTIFUL! TRUMP Hits Liz Warren And HuffPo With Great Zingers! [Video],"One thing we re discovering is that Trump has a way with one-liners that are hysterical! He s asked about Liz Warren and HuffPo in a press conference. Here s Trump s funny retort:So, #Pocahontas is ""Very Offensive"" to ONE reporter. WATCH how Trump handles her? I LAUGHED? & LAUGHED? & LAUGHED!?https://t.co/afQTTealrB  Boston Bobblehead (@DBloom451) May 26, 2016   I Think She s as Native American as I Am  Does the Huffington Post report politics? ",0
13822,UNREAL! OBAMA SAYS HIROSHIMA TOUR to Honor “All” WWII Dead [Video],"Barack Obama s historic visit to Hiroshima this week  will honour all those who were lost in World War II  the US president said Wednesday, hours after arriving in Japan for a Group of Seven summit. ",0
13823,WATCH: ANTI-GUN CRUSADER KATIE COURIC Intentionally Edits “Under The Gun” Documentary To Make Gun Rights Supporters Look Stupid,"We ve said it before, Katie Couric is a wolf in sheep s clothing. Katie has been practicing the promotion of deceitful, leftist propaganda for decades. Don t let the  Little Miss Sunshine  act fool you. This woman is especially dangerous, because so many people think of her as a sweet little benign morning talk show host, and that her anti-gun crusade must be for the good of the country. The makers of a new Katie Couric documentary on gun violence deceptively edited an interview between Couric and a group of gun rights activists in an apparent attempt to embarrass the activists, an audio recording of the full interview shows.At the 21:48 mark of Under the Gun a scene of Katie Couric interviewing members of the Virginia Citizens Defense League, a gun rights organization, is shown.Couric can be heard in the interview asking activists from the group,  If there are no background checks for gun purchasers, how do you prevent felons or terrorists from purchasing a gun? The documentary then shows the activists sitting silently for nine awkward seconds, unable to provide an answer. It then cuts to the next scene. The moment can be watched here:However, raw audio of the interview between Katie Couric and the activists provided to the Washington Free Beacon shows the scene was deceptively edited. Instead of silence, Couric s question is met immediately with answers from the activists. A back and forth between a number of the league s members and Couric over the issue of background checks proceeds for more than four minutes after the original question is asked.Listen here: John Lott, Jr. explains to The Blaze s Dana Loesch how this  documentary  was rigged from the outset:Under the Gun bills itself as a documentary that  examines the events and people who have kept the gun debate fierce and the progress slow, even as gun deaths and mass shootings continue to increase. It follows a number of gun violence victims and those who have lost family members to gun violence as they advocate for stricter gun control laws. The 1 hour and 45 minute film was executive produced and narrated by Katie Couric.Under the Gun has been labeled  dishonest politicking in the guise of media coverage,   loose with the facts,  and  a full-length assault on guns and the Second Amendment  by those in the gun community since its debut on May 15.The Virginia Citizens Defense League labeled the deceptively edited segment featured in the film  unbelievable and extremely unprofessional.  Philip Van Cleave, the organization s president, said the editing was done deliberately to make it appear that league members didn t have a response to Couric s question. Katie Couric asked a key question during an interview of some members of our organization,  he said.  She then intentionally removed their answers and spliced in nine seconds of some prior video of our members sitting quietly and not responding. Viewers are left with the misunderstanding that the members had no answer to her question. Nora Ryan, the chief of staff for EPIX, the cable channel that is airing the documentary, told the Free Beacon in an email,  Under the Gun is a critically-acclaimed documentary that looks at the polarizing and politicized issue of gun violence, a subject that elicits strong reactions from people on both sides. EPIX stands behind Katie Couric, director Stephanie Soechtig, and their creative and editorial judgment. We encourage people to watch the film and decide for themselves.  Via: WFB",0
13824,BIG TRUMP CAMPAIGN NEWS That Just Changed The Whole Ballgame!,GREAT NEWS! TURMP REACHED THE MAGIC NUMBER!Presidential candidate Donald Trump now has 1238 delegates that puts him over the magic number of 1237!,0
13825,"STUNNING BETRAYAL! 43 REPUBLICANS, In Dark Of Night Vote To Approve Obama’s Transgender Bathroom Decree","Who knew a President could do so much damage in one year? Who knew he would have the support of so many Republicans we fought so hard to elect, as our last hope to stop Obama s fundamental transformation of America Many are asking what Republicans plan to do to stop Obama s executive war on culture and religious liberty in pursuit of cultural Marxism. Now we know that not only will this party do nothing to stop Obama, they will use their control of Congress to codify Obama s agenda into law.Late Wednesday night, Republicans allowed a vote on an amendment from Rep. Sean Maloney (D-NY), which codified Obama s executive order 13672 making transgenderism the law of the land. Obama s executive order, promulgated in July 2014, instructed bureaucrats to sever contracts with companies that don t follow the Obama mandated sexual identity agenda. This could include companies that don t allow men into female bathrooms in their private corporate offices. The Maloney amendment to the $37.4 billion FY 2017 Energy &Water Appropriations Bill (H.R. 5055) codified that unilateral act into law.The amendment passed 223-195 with 43 Republicans supporting it. The GOP House just supported arguably the most radical Democrat agenda item in the dead of night.Enshrining Obama s specific edict into law and then passing vanity language reaffirming the general importance of religious liberty is like doing CPR on a dead body. GOP leaders are always twisting arms to get conservative members to vote for bad bills. Somehow we are to believe they were impotent in ensuring  moderate  members (what is moderate about transgenderism?) adhere to the party s platform?The reality is that Paul Ryan has long been a supporter of ENDA (Employment Non Discrimination Act), the legislative vehicle for enshrining transgenderism into law and mandating adherence to its dogma on private businesses. That is why he s been absent in this fight. Moreover, Republicans have failed to allow a single anti-religious bigotry bill to the floor since the illegal gay marriage decision was issued by the Supreme Court, despite the ubiquitous threats against private businesses, states, and private property.Clearly, whipping against this vote was not a priority.Once the Maloney amendment passed with GOP votes, Republicans proceeded to do what they always do so well. They offered side-by-side amendments in an attempt to cover up the damage.They passed the  Pitts amendment  as a second-degree by voice vote to affirm the constitutional importance of religious liberty. Then they passed the Byrne Amendments to reaffirm that RFRA is still in place and the government cannot discriminate against religious individuals. Well, as we all know, the Constitution and RFRA (Religious Freedom Restoration Act) have been in place for the entire Obama administration, yet he is still able to get away with anti-religious bigotry edicts by claiming they don t interfere with religious beliefs.To begin with, this entire spending bill was something that should never have come to the floor. It increased spending and retained a number of green energy programs for a department that shouldn t even exist.Now that leadership has loaded this already sub-par spending bill with transgenderism, conservatives should vote against final passage on Thursday. It s bad enough that a Republican House cannot be used as a tool to go on offense against cultural Marxism and anti-religious-liberty initiatives. To pass a bill placing an exclamation mark on that agenda is unforgivable.Via: Conservative ReviewHere is the list of Republicans who voted to assist Obama in his fundamental transformation of America:Amash (MI)Brooks (IN) Coffman (CO) Costello (PA) Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney (IL) Denham (CA) Dent (PA) Diaz-Balara (FL) Dold (IL)Donovan (NY) Emmer (MN) Fitzpatrick (PA)Frelinghuysen (NJ) Gibson (NY) Heck (NV) Hurd (TX) Issa (CA)Jolly (FL)Katko (NY) Kinzinger (IL)Lance( NJ) LoBiondo (NJ)MacArthur (NJ)McSally (AZ) Meehan (PA) Messer (IN) Paulsen (MN) Poliquin (ME) Reed (NY) Reichert (WA) Renacci (OH) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen (FL) Shims (IL) Stefanik (NY) Upton (MI) Valadao (CA) Walden (OR) Walters, Mimi (CA)Young (IA) Young (IN) Zelda (NY)Via: Conservative Review",0
13826,HUGE HYPOCRITE ELIZABETH WARREN Exposed As “Capitalist Pig”,"Well, well, well Elizabeth Warren went on a Twitter rant about what a  capitalist pig  Donald Trump is and now it turns out she also took advantage of the crash by flipping houses! This is awesome! She s being exposed as a huge hypocrite!Before the crash that she blamed on speculators, Senator Elizabeth Warren made a bundle by flipping houses.Nearly two years after Veo Vessels died, her daughter, 70-year-old Mary Frances Hickman, decided to sell the home her mother had left to her. A sprawling brick house in Oklahoma City s historic Highland Park neighborhood, it was built in 1924, just a year after Mary s birth.Decades later, one of Vessels  great-grandchildren fondly recalls the wood and tile floors, the fish pond, the butler s quarters, and the multi-car garage where children played house. It was really, really nice,  says Hickman s granddaughter, Andrea Martin. That s part of the reason she s so surprised her grandmother sold the home in 1993 for a mere $30,000. Despite a debilitating stroke, Martin says Hickman remained sharp, and she had always been business-savvy. As an Avon saleswoman, she had at times ranked among the top ten in the country.  So I don t know why,  Martin says.  Maybe she just wanted out from underneath it, but to sell it for such a low number   I don t know. Maybe she got bad advice, maybe she was just tired. The home s new owner: Elizabeth Warren, today a Massachusetts senator who has built a political career on denouncing the sort of banking titans and financial sophisticates who make a buck off the little guy. Five months after purchasing Veo Vessels  old home, Warren flipped the property, selling it for $115,000 more than she d paid, according to Oklahoma County Property Assessor records.Warren rose to political prominence in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis as a crusader against big banks and a dispenser of common-sense economic advice. She campaigned for the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, intended to shield people from the predations of the mortgage and credit-card industries, among others. In her 2006 book All Your Worth, co-authored with her daughter, Amelia, Warren lists as a top myth the idea that  you can make big money buying houses and flipping them quickly.  She has made a career out of telling people how to behave in financially responsible ways, and out of creating laws that will make it illegal for them to do otherwise.Five months after purchasing Veo Vessels  old home, Warren flipped the property, selling it for $115,000 more than she d paid. But Warren bought and sold at least five properties for profit at a different time in her life, before the cratering economy and a political career made her a star. Her life story has been the subject of much interest, and her 2014 memoir, A Fighting Chance, chronicled her rise from humble beginnings in small-town Oklahoma and her struggle to make ends meet. It didn t much mention, though, the early 1990s, years when her children were teenagers and she was once again happily married. These are years when she wasn t yet the multimillionaire she is today, and, she has said, she was voting Republican.Read more: National Review",0
13827,OBAMA IS FUNDING Nuclear Weapons That Will Be Used Against U.S…Retired Air Force General Exposes DANGER Obama Poses To Security Of U.S. [VIDEO],"Meanwhile, Obama has brilliantly distracted America from his dangerous deals with Iran with White House sanctioned Black Lives Matter terrorists and a manufactured gender identity/inequality crisis Russian and Chinese militaries are increasingly trying to bully American forces because they are  taking advantage of our weakness  and  publicly humiliating us,  according to a respected retired Air Force general and Fox News military analyst. It s a slap in the face  to the United States, Retired General Tom McInerney says, and President Barack Obama  should not accept that kind of behavior. The president  unilaterally disarmed America,  adding  we have all these social experiments,  according to McInerney s 18-minute exclusive video interview for The Daily Caller News Foundation. By transforming America s foreign policy, Mcinnerney says Obama s America is known as a nation that will  protect your enemies and deny your allies support.Retired Air Force General: Obama  Unilaterally Disarmed America  [VIDEO]For entire story: Ginni Thomas, Daily Caller",0
13828,GREAT! See What Trump Did When He Was Told There Was No Time To Sing The National Anthem [Video],"I saw this live today and it was fantastic! This is the difference in the  special   moments with Donald vs the manufactured moments with Hillary. It s the real deal! Guess what, we re gonna do the National Anthem, OK,  Donald Trump told the raucous crowd.Speaking at a rally in Anaheim, California, Wednesday, Trump said he was informed that there was not enough time for the National Anthem to be performed   something that usually occurs before the presumptive Republican nominee takes the stage    because of the television cameras. I got here, and they all said,  We have a great crowd. We don t have time for the National Anthem,  Trump recalled.  I said,  Yes we do   we have time for the National Anthem, right? The billionaire businessman then introduced a woman, identified as Sherry Wilkins, who was at the rally and apparently slated to perform the National Anthem but was cut due to time constraints.After Wilkins completed the song, Trump thanked the singer, telling her she had a  great voice.  At that, the New York real estate developer continued with the rest of his speech, going to great measures to prove to the crowd that he has great support among women.  I m telling you women do like me, I m telling you,  Trump told the cheering crowd as he welcomed a group of women who support his campaign onto the stage.When the group joined Trump on stage, one woman said into the microphone,  Thank you, God, for sending us Donald J. Trump to be our next president of the United States of America. ",0
13829,NOT KIDDING: DEMOCRATS Are Calling For Obama To Be Hillary’s Running Mate…But Is That Legal?,"Not that the word  legal  means anything to either one of them Because Hillary Clinton is white and no longer young, a strain of political thought holds that she might lack Barack Obama s inherent appeal to new and minority voters and thus that she won t be able to ride the Democratic party s demographic advantages to easy victory in 2016.Writing for the Washington Examiner, Philip Klein ably sketches the nightmare scenario for liberals.  If Hillary s performance among black voters retreats to more typical Democratic levels,  he writes,  it will hinder her efforts in swing states such as Ohio and Florida, where Democrats need to rack up huge margins in urban areas to make up for their weaknesses in other parts of the states.   It s questionable that young voters will flock to vote at historically high levels for a 69-year-old white woman who has been a national political figure since before many of them were born. The nightmare for conservatives is a complementary scenario in which Clinton holds the Obama coalition together without issue and simultaneously increases Democratic margins among women and whites. In that world, she defeats her opponent by greater margins than Obama defeated John McCain and Mitt Romney. But there s no reason to assume that outcome is any more likely than the one Klein alluded to. And there s also no reason Democrats should tinker with a winning formula. If Clinton can turn out Obama s voters, she will win.The challenge, then, is to make sure Clinton s age and ethnicity don t discourage Obama s youthful, diverse supporters from turning out in November 2016. Fortunately, there s an easy way to make sure that doesn t happen. Clinton simply has to select Barack Obama as her running mate.LOL, you might be thinking. Obama can t be the vice president. That would place him at the top of the line of succession, and the Constitution limits him to two terms. Clinton would end up in court before she ended up in the White House if she pulled something like that.I ll grant that if Democrats nominate Barack Obama to be their vice presidential candidate next year, it would be somewhat controversial. But here Democrats can borrow tactically from the literal-minded conservatives who have seized on syntactic oddities to unravel Obama s domestic agenda. As a purely textual matter, the Constitution merely prohibits Obama from being elected to a third term. It doesn t necessarily prohibit him from actually being president again, should Hillary Clinton no longer be able to serve. And were he on the ticket, Clinton s potential liabilities with Obama loyalists would disappear.As hot takes go, this one is significantly more piping than, say, the idea that Al Gore should challenge Hillary for the nomination. My guru for this argument is Cornell University law professor Michael Dorf, though others have examined the issue, as well.There are three sections of the Constitution that prescribe limits on who can be president and vice president: Article II, the Twelfth Amendment and the Twenty-Second Amendment. While the former two limit who is  eligible  to serve natural born citizens, 35 or older the Twenty-Second Amendment begins  No person shall be elected to the office of the President more than twice. Whether its adopters intended it or not, the plain language of the Twenty-Second amendment doesn t prohibit a former two-term president from succeeding a sitting president and serving out the remainder of her term. It merely prohibits him from running for a third. By using the term  elected  instead of  eligible,  its authors created a loophole large enough for a Clinton-Obama ticket to coast to victory through. Via: New Republic ",0
13830,SORRY HILLARY…We Already Had A Female President And Her Name Is “Nightstalker” [Video],"This will make you sick Valerie Jarrett is as much a liar as Obama.In her  60 Minutes  interview, Valerie Jarrett partially reveals the sway and power she possesses in the Obama White House. The full disclosure of her power must wait for another time, perhaps in a  tell all  book, post Obama administration. It is clear she is very proud of her effect on the Obama presidency, its decisions, its attitudes, and its resultant force upon Constitutional boundaries and the racial injustices she perceives in America.In a surprisingly blunt  60 Minutes  interview, CBS s  This Morning  co-host Norah O Donnell took Ms. Jarrett to task on several issues. Much was revealed, much unspoken yet suggested.Ms. O Donnell opens, Rarely does one person in the White House have the influence that Valerie Jarrett has had. She holds the job title of senior advisor, but she is more than that. Now there is an understatement. Ms O Donnell continues; Jarrett has said she is involved in nearly every decision that is made including who should be Chief of Staff or who should sit on the Supreme Court. It is reasonable to add other considerations such as Attorney General appointments, Iran Nuclear deals, and transgender issues.Ms. O Donnell notes that Valerie Jarrett has at least three formal job titles, including senior advisor and best friend. Jarrett has clashed with Robert Gibbs, Rahm Emanuel, Bill Daley,  in all five chiefs of staff but only one Valerie Jarrett  remains. She has also made a commitment to push the issues she cares about. She is at the center of the administrations efforts to raise the minimum wage around the country and to expand paid parental leave. She has also pushed criminal justice reform. Jarrett offers this snippet, a peek inside the two person think tank that is Valerie and Barack. They share, a world view shaped by childhoods spent abroad. Obama s four years in Indonesia and the fact that she was born in Iran and spent five years there.She says in the interview,  That bond we had from having lived in cultures very different than our own, and how that shaped our view of the world, was a bond we had that day. One may conclude that Valerie Jarrett enjoys a unique and intrinsic input into the Obama administration s policies and actions. ",0
13831,ANTI-TRUMP THUGS Get Crazy But Anaheim Police Mean Business,"THE ANTI-TRUMP THUGS ARE OUT IN FULL FORCE TODAY BUT THE ANAHEIM POLICE AREN T PLAYING AROUND: Anaheim California Riot Police VS Protesters at Trump Rally AMERICAN CITIZENS SHOULD NOT HAVE TO WALK THROUGH THIS!No American should have to walk a gauntlet of people holding foreign flags cursing in their face#Anaheimhttps://t.co/dotg0sC4pM  Jared Wyand (@JaredWyand) May 25, 2016  ANAHEIM, Calif.   A few dozen people protested outside a Donald Trump appearance Wednesday, one day after a demonstration outside a New Mexico event exploded in chaos as protesters trampled barricades, hurled bottles and burned Trump gear. PROTESTER BEING TAKEN DOWN BY ANAHEIM POLICE   GREAT JOB! Police on horses, cars and motorcycles were in force to prevent against riots in Anaheim, where protesters brought a pi ata in Trump s likeness and smashed it while chanting anti-Trump profanity. YOU RE NOT A CITIZEN..YOU HAVE TO LEAVE:Borders, #Language #Culture define a country. If U here #illegally U gotta go! #MAGA #DC #NYC #brexit #Anaheim #vid https://t.co/bspGAaxNHO  Bruce Porter, Jr. (@NetworksManager) May 25, 2016 Pro-Trump supporters were also on hand, but seemingly out-flanked by the opposition, as most were inside the convention center to hear the presidential candidate speak. CROWD CHANTING  BUILD THE WALL A parking garage full of white nationalists chanting ""build the wall""  charming #TrumpOC #Racism #Anaheim pic.twitter.com/pEUzEPhq37  Gabriel San Rom n (@gsanroman2) May 25, 2016  No official estimates were given to the size of the crowd, but it was easily 300-400 people.Anaheim Police Chief Raul Quezada earlier promised  swift and decisive action  if violence flared outside the Anaheim Convention Center ",0
13832,BLACK CONSERVATIVE Student DESTROYS Black Lives Crybabies: “I Am Katie Danforth And I Am Working My A*S Off To Become Something” [VIDEO],"If you have the time, you should watch every minute of this video. If you can t watch it all, go to the 56 minute mark and watch DePaul University Junior, Katie Danforth give the Black Lives Matter Crybabies get an earful: ",0
13833,OBAMA’S GO BIG: Post White House Mansion Details,"The Obama s know how to go big and their post-White House adobe is no exception! It s a HUGE (8,000 sq ft) mansion worth over $6 million! Of course, Obama made millions during his 8 years as president so it comes as now surprise that he ll be hanging around to make more in DC According to Market Watch, this move is raising some eyebrows:Already, some observers have criticized the 44th president s choice of Kalorama.  As far as legacies go, the thought of our President of Hope and Change moving to one of the oldest, most established, filthy-richest neighborhoods in the city just doesn t jibe,  sniffed Washingtonian magazine real estate columnist Hillary Kelly in a May 24 post.  It s hard to imagine the Obama of eight years ago deciding to forgo the potential to move to a revitalizing area, or just a slightly less hoity one, in favor of a zip code where the blood runs royal blue and the servants  stairs are still used by the help,  she wrote.THE OBAMAS MOVE TO  HOITY TOWN :By now you ve probably heard that Barack and Michelle Obama plan to relocate from the White House to a home in the upper-upper scale Sheridan-Kalorama neighborhood in northwest Washington.Like many Baby Boomers, they are downsizing   from the 55,000-square-foot White House to a home of 8,000 square feet. Its interior is contemporary, and exterior inviting.The Obamas own a home in Chicago, so word about town is that they will be leasing the Kalorama home until both first daughters are finished with high school and in college.Kate Bennett of Independent Journal Review unloads lots of details on the nine-bedroom, eight-bathroom house:1) The house, located off Massachusetts Avenue NW, is owned by former White House press chief Joe Lockhart. It was purchased for $5.295 million in May 2014 and now has a current estimated value of $6.35 million, according to Redfin.2) The house is situated off Massachusetts Avenue NW and adjacent to Rock Creek Park.3)  The Obamas, according to anonymous sources, worked privately with the Lockharts to reach a lease agreement for their bright and airy house, which features a large back patio, parking for up to 10 cars, and a full in-law suite (perfect for Michelle Obama s mother, Marian Robinson, who has since 2009 lived with the family in the White House),  Ms. Bennett writes.Read more: WT",0
13834,ILLEGAL ALIENS Sent To States With Lax Voter ID Laws: Told To VOTE Democrat Or Be DEPORTED,"DEMOCRATS Making free and fair elections impossible in America. Hmmm I wonder why Obama, Hillary and Bernie are fighting so hard to keep our borders open? According to a new report from The Extract, illegal immigrants in the United States in 2012 were sent to states with lax voter identification laws and told that they would be deported if they didn t vote Democrat.From the report:Report: Illegals Told to Vote Democrat or Face DeportationDocumentarian Jo Anne Livingston has been working with her husband, Luke, to take a comprehensive look at the ongoing border crisis as experienced by the illegals themselves. After numerous interviews, she recently reported a number of astounding revelations that only confirm some long-held suspicions among conservatives.Most notably, she indicated that  witness after witness after witness  asserted that they were given voter registrations prior to the 2012 election and sent to states without voter identification laws.Upon receiving the instruction, Livingston explained, they were informed that unless they  show up and vote the democratic [sic] ticket, they would be arrested and deported. Another shocking allegation revolves around proposed legislation she reportedly accessed during research for the documentary. If passed, she noted that immigration judges would have their hands effectively tied when addressing the overwhelming problem of illegals skipping their court date. Via: Progressives Today",0
13835,BREAKING! INVESTIGATION: Hillary Clinton Did NOT Comply With Records Rules," Was Hillary Clinton negligent or was she doing this on purpose? Either way, it s a really bad situation and gives more fodder for the Trump campaign. Keep at it!The State Department inspector general concluded that Hillary Clinton did not comply with the agency s policies on records, according to a report released to lawmakers on Wednesday that also revealed that Clinton and her top aides chose not to cooperate with the review.The agency on Wednesday released the long-awaited report to Capitol Hill, copy of which was obtained by POLITICO, providing just the latest turn in the headache-inducing saga that has dogged Clinton s campaign.While the report concludes that the agency suffers from  longstanding, systemic weaknesses  with records that  go well beyond the tenure of any one Secretary of State,  it specifically dings Clinton for her exclusive use of private email.The watchdog s findings could exact further damage to Clinton s campaign, and they provide fresh fodder for Trump, who has already said he will go after Clinton for the email scandal  bigly.  The Democratic frontrunner s bid for the White House has already been hindered by high unfavorability ratings, with people saying they don t trust her. The report represents the latest pushback   in this case by a nonpartisan government entity   against her campaign s claim that she did not break any rules and that her use of a private server was completely allowed. The report also details how some technology staff said they were instructed to not talk of Clinton s email set-up after they raised concerns about the unusual arrangement. It also includes conflicting information about whether the private email server had been approved by the State Department s legal staff. Read more: POLITICO",0
13836,"DEMOCRAT UNDERBELLY EXPOSED: Out-Of-Control Violence Erupts…Anti-Trump Rioters Deliver On Threat To Turn Up Heat, Shut Down Free Speech [VIDEO]","Donald Trump on Wednesday slammed what he described as  thugs  and  criminals  who clashed with police outside an Albuquerque campaign event, just hours after police in riot gear and mounted patrol units faced off against the violent crowd.The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 25, 2016Watch here:The clashes erupted overnight, after Trump and some 4,000 of his supporters left the Albuquerque Convention Center. Approximately 100 demonstrators remained in downtown.Smoke grenades were used in an effort to disperse the crowd, while protesters threw rocks, plastic bottles, burning T-shirts and other items at officers. Albuquerque police said on Twitter late Tuesday that  several  officers were being treated for injuries as a result of being hit by rocks. At least one person was arrested.Inside the Trump rally, demonstrators shouted, held up banners and resisted removal by security officers. The banners included the messages  Trump is Fascist  and  We ve heard enough. Trump s supporters responded with chants of  Build that wall!  At one point, a female protester was physically dragged from the stands by security. Other protesters scuffled with security as they resisted removal from the convention center. The altercations left a glass door at the entrance of the convention center smashed. During the rally, protesters outside overran barricades and clashed with police in riot gear. They also burned T-shirts and other items labeled with Trump s catchphrase,  Make America Great Again. Trump supporters at the rally said they appreciated his stance on boosting border security and stemming the flow of people crossing the border illegally, but some said they were frightened by the violent protests outside. Albuquerque attorney Doug Antoon said rocks were flying through the convention center windows as he was leaving Tuesday night. Glass was breaking and landing near his feet.  This was not a protest, this was a riot. These are hate groups,  he said of the demonstrators. Via: FOX NewsWho are these domestic terrorist hell bent on shutting down free speech, and who is organizing these violent riots? What exactly is their end goal?An article published by Breitbart News in 2010 provides us with some pretty good clues:The radical Progressive wing of the Democrat party, through people like Lisa Fithian, has been in direct coordination with the very Anarchy protesters who trashed St. Paul, Minnesota, in 2008 during the Republican National Convention. They would have done much more damage had they not been thwarted by a former radical-turned FBI informant.How do we know this? Because they wrote about it. Why don t you know about it? Because the media in this country never bothered to look into whom the people were who organized the marches which repeatedly led to violence and arrests.If any of the mainstream press had been the slightest bit curious (and why would they be? It was just politically organized rioting on the streets of our country), they could have performed some cursory Google searches that return ample circumstantial evidence of direct coordinating efforts between the clean, presentable, mainstream face of the Progressive-Democrat movement, and the dark underbelly of the Anarchy movement in this country. *How does this relationship work? It s simple(ish). Let s start with the clean face of the Progressive-Democrats: the Congressional Progressive Caucus. This entity was founded and organized by self-described Socialist U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders, and by an organization called the Democratic Socialists of America (DSA).The DSA was founded and supported by many of the same people active in the 1960s radical movement, known widely as Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) and their domestic terrorist wing, the Weather Underground Organization (WUO).Key members of the Democratic Socialists of America are principal organizers of two current groups called  Progressives for Obama  and the reconstituted  Movement for a Democratic Society  (MDS).Progressives for Obama is where the straight face of Progressive unions, non-profits, and educational institutions organized their efforts to elect then Senator Obama to the presidency.The reconstituted MDS is the tip of the nose of America s ugly radical Progressive face. The MDS made it its mission to restart the SDS. They succeeded, and one of the first tasks of the reconstituted SDS was to begin forging a relationship with Anarchists and to participate in what they call  Direct Action  protests. They succeeded, and the synthesis of the Progressive Democrat movement with the Anarchists manifests itself in the self-described Socialist Anarchy movement called the Direct Action Tendency (DAT). The DAT, along with Lisa Fithian s United For Justice and Peace, represents the very ugly face of the Progressive-Democrat movement, where they coordinate with street thugs, Che/Castro worshiping Socialists, and islamists.**What is a  Direct Action?  A direct action typically (but not exclusively) consists of staging a protest with the predetermined goal of causing a direct confrontation with the police.While covering the Democrat convention in Denver, and subsequently the Republican convention in Minneapolis/St. Paul, it became clear that there was a distinct and organized pattern at work.Organizers would stage a rally and/or a concert. These events were planned and permitted through the local municipalities. The goal was almost always the same. Eventually the organizers would breach the boundaries of the permit, and force a confrontation with the authorities. This frequently resulted in extensive damage to property, as well as added expense in resources devoted to dealing with the Anarchists.What s the point? It s three-fold. 1) These events present successful organizing opportunities to collect names and contact info of participants, thus growing the movement. 2) These events radicalize the members, making them more devoted to the cause. 3) Propaganda is produced that depicts the  evil police  being brutal to otherwise seemingly peaceful protesters.What s their goal? To end Capitalism, with which they equate racism, sexism, exploitation, terrorism, and murder.These Direct Action Tendency and United For Justice linked events, (like the RNC Welcoming Committee) represent a modern day Progressive-Anarchy Tea Party. One main difference of course between the Conservative/Libertarian Tea Parties, and the Progressive-Anarchy Tea Parties is the premeditated tactic of breaking the law and getting arrested. Conservatives and Libertarians don t tend to do that. Progressive-Anarchists have mastered it as a form of political art.This all begs the question, if a group of Conservative/Libertarian Tea Partiers engaged in an attack on an urban infrastructure with the premeditated goal of shutting down a Democrat political event, would they face charges for federal civil rights violations? Perhaps that would depend on whether or not America is a land where people are guaranteed the right to political expression and peaceable assembly.",0
13837,DESPERATION OR STUPIDITY? GERMAN State Recruits REFUGEES With No Passports For Police Officer Jobs,"It s too late for these countries who ve been invaded by mostly young Muslim male refugees to turn back the clock. Bavaria is now being forced to do whatever they can to fight back against terrorism in their own backyards. You can t allow millions of unchecked Muslim men to invade your sovereignty without paying an enormous price. Asking refugees to police refugees is like asking prisoners in a jail to police themselves. When mostly Muslim men have invaded a majority Catholic state, and are now being asked to police its citizens, what could possible go wrong?Migrants will be increasingly recruited as police officers   those with and without German passports. Interior Minister Herrmann hopes this will produce a greater clear-up rate and a de-escalation of violence. The failures in the investigations of the NSU terror group have increased these efforts.Bavaria will increasingly employ police officers with foreign roots. Experience has shown that they have a  more direct line  to people of immigrant origin, as they speak their language and know their mentality better, said Interior Minister Joachim Herrmann (CSU) on Monday in Nuremberg.  I hope this will help police achieve better clear-up rates and conflict resolution.  Via: Merkur.deThis is insane. I can see many Europeans rightly refusing to acknowledge the authority of police officers who are foreigners and don t even have citizenship.RT  In October, 2015, Bavarian Interior Minister threatened to file a constitutional complaint against the federal government unless it would implement efficient measures to curb the influx of refugees.The Bavarian government stepped up pressure on Angela Merkel s  cabinet, demanding that the German government drop its policy of welcoming an unlimited number of refugees.If  effective measures  are not taken to deal with the crisis, Bavaria will take the matter to the Constitutional Court and charge the German government with endangering  the legal capacity of the German states to act independently,  Bavarian Interior Minister Joachim Herrmann announced after an emergency meeting of the Bavarian government on Friday. One [the German government] does not comply with the law and the other [Bavaria] wants the law to be complied with,  Bavarian Prime Minister Horst Seehofer said, commenting on the decision at the press conference following the meeting.Listen here:",0
13838,WATCH: Black Lives Matter Terrorists CRASH Stage At Conservative College Event…Black Church Minister Threatens Speaker…Female Thug Grabs Microphone…GAY CONSERVATIVE SPEAKER Gives Best Response Ever!,"It s hard to tell what these Black Lives Matter crybabies hate more gays with a different opinion than them or free speech Meanwhile, security guards that were hired and paid by the speaker stood by passively as they threatened and berated the guys who were paying them Milo Yiannopoulos  event at DePaul University had to be cut short Tuesday night after protesters stormed the stage, blew whistles, grabbed the microphone out of the interviewer s hand, and threatened to punch Yiannopoulos in the face.Yiannopoulos attempted to continue the event, but protesters refused to leave the stage and the group of security guards (which DePaul forced both the organisers and Breitbart to pay for) refused to intervene.The male ringleader continued to pace along the stage with his whistle, refusing to let Yiannopoulos speak for extended amounts of time, while the female ringleader forcibly snatched the microphone from the interviewer s hand and shouted at Yiannopoulos just inches away from his face.It turns out the male who threatened Milo is a minister at a local church:https://twitter.com/Nero/status/735325590438481920The good  Minister  following in the foot prints of  Reverend  Al Sharpton tried the same tactics at a Donald Trump and bragged about it on Twitter:The guy that tried to silence @Nero tonight did the same to @realDonaldTrump I hope Soros got his money's worth. pic.twitter.com/Tsv3rpi3DG  Sherry (@NHLaVa) May 25, 2016The male ringleader screamed  Feel the Bern  and chanted against Donald Trump, whilst the female ringleader chanted  Black Lives Matter .The female ringleader also claimed that she had been silenced  for 200 years , prompting Yiannopoulos to question how the supposed 200 year-old protester looked so young.After an extended period of time, the crowd started to chant  Do your job  at security, who remained at the back of the venue for the entire event. When security refused to intervene, Yiannopoulos posed for pictures with fans in the audience, and ordered the crowd to follow him to the college president s office..@nero brought the party outside after inaction from spineless cops pic.twitter.com/0ZjljPHAp8  Furby.jpg (@duckspeakeasy) May 24, 2016Responding to the amount of black female protesters who had turned up, Yiannopoulos hypothesized that it was because he had sex with their brothers. I give it 20 minutes , announced Yiannopoulos.  The black incarceration rates are about to go up . Via: Breitbart News",0
13839,WHOA! CLINTON GRIFTERS BAGGED $100 Million From “Blood Minerals” Firm,"The Clinton grifters have been at this scam for so long that it s hard to keep up with all the money. In 2007, they bagged a HUGE donation for $100 million from a firm with a very shady reputation:When the Vancouver, Canada-based Lundin Group gave its $100 million commitment to the  Clinton Giustra Sustainable Growth Initiative,  the company had long been cutting deals with warlords, Marxist rebels, military strongmen and dictatorships in the war-torn African countries of Congo, Sudan and Ethiopia.A little known Swedish-Canadian oil and mining conglomerate human rights groups have repeatedly charged produces  blood minerals  is among the Clinton Foundation s biggest donors, thanks to a $100 million pledge in 2007, a Daily Caller News Foundation investigation has found. Blood minerals  are related to  blood diamonds,  which are allegedly mined in war zones or sold as commodities to help finance political insurgencies or despotic warlords.When the Vancouver, Canada-based Lundin Group gave its $100 million commitment to the  Clinton Giustra Sustainable Growth Initiative,  the company had long been cutting deals with warlords, Marxist rebels, military strongmen and dictatorships in the war-torn African countries of Congo, Sudan and Ethiopia.Lundin promoted its reputation as a fierce, hard-driving company. Adolf Lundin, who founded the company, audaciously traveled to the French home of Congo dictator Mobutu Sese Seko in 1996 to secure mining rights for his company. A few years later, Lundin admitted he had offered a  donation  to Mobutu s  elections campaign,  but later said he never gave the funds.Read more: Daily Caller",0
13840,HYSTERICAL! MSNBC Host Gets Rapists confused…Calls Bill Cosby “Bill Clinton” [VIDEO],It seems like a pretty easy mistake. After all he could easily have called Hillary  Obama ,0
13841,“THE WORST OF THE WORST” GITMO Terrorists To Be Released By Obama,"Obama does it again he put his potical agenda before the American people! He s determined to fulfill his promise to close GITMO by releasing  the worst of the worst  of the terrorists currently jailed.The Obama administration has quietly seeded the diplomatic bed for its next push to transfer detainees out of Guant namo Bay, the Guardian has learned, as Barack Obama aims to reduce the prison s population before leaving office.According to US officials, the administration has deals in place to send approximately two dozen longtime Guant namo detainees to about half a dozen countries.While it is unclear if the transfers will occur in one wave, as with the April transfer of nine detainees to Saudi Arabia, there is an expectation that the departure of 22 or 23 men will occur by the end of July. There are currently 80 men detained at Guant namo, the lowest number since the US opened the wartime prison in 2002.All the detainees for whom US diplomats have secured arrangements to leave Guant namo have been officially approved for transfer, either by a 2010 internal review process or through quasi-parole hearings known as Periodic Review Boards.The US holds 28 detainees approved for transfer, so the men s departure would nearly empty Guant namo of such designated detainees, substantially clearing a backlog that has lasted years.Officials spoke to the Guardian on condition of anonymity, as not all of the foreign destination countries are ready to be identified. Furthermore, some of the transfer approvals have yet to receive certification by Ashton Carter, the defense secretary, as required by law, ahead of a notification to Congress.The State Department s envoy for closing Guant namo, Lee Wolosky, pledged in January after a transfer of 10 detainees to Oman that the US would finish emptying Guant namo of transfer-eligible detainees  by this summer .If the current deals go through, the US would be left with 57 or 58 Guant namo detainees, the vast majority of whom are either involved in the military tribunals process or subject to insufficient untainted evidence to charge, while thought too dangerous to release.Read more: The Guardian",0
13842,DUCK DYNASTY’S PHIL ROBERTSON Weighs In On Trump’s Border Wall And Muslim Ban,Phil Robertson of Duck Dynasty has endorsed Donald Trump and weighs in on the two hottest topics on Trump: ,0
13843,BAHAHA! DONALD TRUMP SIGN-STEALER Gets A Verbal Beatdown [Video],A Trump sign-stealer gets a verbal beatdown and discovers he s actually a Trump supporter! Bahaha! ,0
13844,WATCH: THE 2006 CHILD MOLESTER AD Bernie Sanders Doesn’t Want Voters To See,"We all know the defense of children comes dead last when it comes to the Left. It s interesting how Hillary helped to get a child rapist off (before she still had her law license taken away) and now nearly a decade later, this news about Bernie s support for child molesters and his non-support for the Amber Alert by way of his  NO  vote What s happened to Bernie-  2006 anti-Bernie  by DailyPolitics Back in 2006, when Sanders was running for the Senate, Republican Richard Tarrant pointed out some things about the socialist s voting record he probably doesn t want his liberal flock to know.For example, Sanders voted AGAINST the Amber Alert system and refused to endorse a bill that would lock away child molesters for life.Via: DownTrend",0
13845,"WATCH: How TRUMP Is Brilliantly CRUSHING HILLARY’S Phony Woman Card, Exposing BERNIE’S Socialist Agenda And Embarrassing Anti-Trump #AngerBabies","As the #NeverTrump movement has become officially irrelevant, our hilarious friend Joe Dan Gorman of Intellectual Froglegs puts the state of Trump s winning campaign into perspective for Americans #NeverTrump is fading into the sunset  now relegated to a few tassel loafered pockets of resistance .and social media trollers. The Anger babies, if you will (a phrase coined by my friend Anthony Adams, I liked it so I stole it). These folks like Ben Shapiro, Bill Kristol, Paul Ryan, etc  believe themselves to be intellectually superior to all of us. They represent purist of the pure  the self-appointed guardians of conservatism, who for the most part are the biggest hypocrites on the planet.First.. where was their little #NeverRomney when we were forced to vote for the Grandfather of Obamacare? Or #NeverMcCain?Apparently McCain-Feingold didn t infringe on our first amendment TOO much. Via- Intellectual FroglegsThe Trump Train has officially left the station. Get on or get out of the way. Trump is winning. It s all he knows how to do. Either America accepts Hillary and Bernie s radical agenda for America, which includes gun control, as well as the loss of our First, and several other precious Amendments, or we support a man who is passionate about saving our nation from the evils of globalism and Socialism.#NeverHillary#NeverBernieIf you like  LOVE Intellectual Froglegs videos as much as we do, consider giving Joe Dan Gorman (the guy who s in the video and works so hard to create these great illustrations that capture the true state of our nation) a donation HERE.",0
13846,HERE’S WHY TRUMP’S Muslim Ban Is Absolutely Necessary,"The biggest thing a president can do for the people is to protect them from an enemy. If you refuse to define the enemy then you really can t fight it correctly. Obama and Hillary Clinton have both repeatedly denied that we re at war with Islam and refused to name it ISLAMIC EXTREMISM. On the other hand, Donald Trump has defined the enemy and is ready to defend Americans from it by banning Muslims until we can  figure out what s going on . Our own FBI and DHS have stated that WE CANNOT PROPERLY VET THE REFUGEES COMING TO AMERICA. Yes, you would think Obama would be cautious like Jimmy Carter and other past Presidents have and ban Muslims. Noooo .Obama is doing just the opposite! He s flooding towns across America with Muslims!A Muslim ban is necessary and needs to happen ASAP!Gen. David Petraeus is now auditioning to become Hillary Clinton s vice presidential pick. There s really no other way to interpret his recent column in The Washington Post, slamming Donald Trump for proposing a temporary ban on Muslim immigration.Calling Mr. Trump s statements  hate speech,  Gen. Petraeus essentially argues that anyone who dares to tell the truth about Islamic terrorism will only incite more Muslims to become Islamic terrorists,  by telling Muslims that the United States is at war with them and their religion. That statement assumes that the overwhelming majority of Muslims from Dearborn, Mich., to Kuala Lumpur are illiterate, stupid and blind.Practicing Muslims understand their religion far better than we do in the West. They understand that no one has  hijacked  Islam, as the apologists would have it; but that groups of Islamists, from al Qaeda to the Nusra front to the Islamic State, are seeking to apply Islamic doctrine   Shariah law   in its entirety.You can t win a war if you don t know the enemy. Our enemy today is Islamic supremacism, those who seek to establish an Islamic caliphate with the ultimate goal of replacing our Constitution with Shariah law.Rather than sweep that reality under the table, Mr. Trump has recognized that we simply have no tools at present to deal with this threat, and that the first responsibility of the president is to protect the security of Americans.Just days after the San Bernardino shootings last December, we learned that the Department of Homeland Security had shut down an intelligence-based screening program that had identified the mosque that shooter Syed Farook attended as a recruitment center for jihadis.Screening programs like the one whistleblower Phil Haney had devised are precisely what we need. We also need better screening at airports and U.S. consulates around the world. But programs like this take time to devise and put in place.Critics often mistakenly accuse Mr. Trump of imposing a permanent ban on all Muslims because of their religion. But he understands that any screening program that profiles individuals because of their religion, ethnicity or nationality will overwhelm our national security system with masses of individuals who pose no threat to us at all.A better approach is the one adopted by Israel at Ben Gurion Airport, where Israeli screeners attempt to identify actual threats by focusing on behavior and activity, not religion or ethnicity.Ever wonder why the Israeli college kids doing the screening ask you where you were staying in Israel and what you were doing? Because they know all the hotels and how far they are from just about everything. If you say you were staying in a Tel Aviv beach hotel and were visiting family in Ramallah, they probably would ask you why you didn t stay in Jerusalem, which is much closer.How did you get back in forth? Did you know a taxi driver? What was his name? If you rented a car in Tel Aviv, which check point did you drive through to get into the West Bank? Did somebody tell you to go to a particular check point? And on and on.Even good legends eventually break down. And while this intense questioning at the airport is time-consuming and often annoying, the Israelis understand that if they make a mistake, people will die.I don t know what type of system our national security establishment will ultimately propose we put in place. But until we have one, we in the United States are ill-equipped at present to distinguish between a nonpracticing Muslim, or a Muslim who does not accept the supremacist doctrines of Shariah law, and one who does.The former pose no threat and are potential allies in the war against the Islamists. The latter pose an existential threat to America and must be utterly defeated.Read more: WT",0
13847,TRUMP COMES OUT SWINGING: New Ad Features One Of Bill’s Rape Victims…With Surprise Ending [VIDEO],"Bill s gonna wish his corrupt wife never ran for President by the time Trump is finished exposing this family of grifters. This is more than just about Trump winning, it s about Trump doing the job the media should have been doing to expose Hillary Clinton as an accomplice to her perverted husband for decades Fresh from using the  R  word during a recent sit-down with Sean Hannity, Donald Trump on Monday released on Instagram a new campaign ad against Hillary Clinton featuring the voice of Bill Clinton s rape accuser, Juanita Broaddrick. He starts to bite on my top lip and I try to pull away from him,  Broaddrick is heard saying in the brief ad. Bill Clinton can be seen in the background with a cigar in his mouth.Watch here:Is Hillary really protecting women?A video posted by Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on May 23, 2016 at 8:27am PDTYou gotta love the cackle at the end The Broaddrick audio comes from an emotional interview that she gave to NBC s Dateline in 1999 describing the alleged rape.Broaddrick says Clinton raped her at a hotel when she was a nursing home administrator volunteering for then-Arkansas Attorney General Bill Clinton s 1978 gubernatorial bid.She told NBC s Dateline that she resisted when Clinton suddenly kissed her:Then he tries to kiss me again. And the second time he tries to kiss me he starts biting my lip   He starts to, um, bite on my top lip and I tried to pull away from him. And then he forces me down on the bed. And I just was very frightened, and I tried to get away from him and I told him  No,  that I didn t want this to happen but he wouldn t listen to me.   It was a real panicky, panicky situation. I was even to the point where I was getting very noisy, you know, yelling to  Please stop.  And that s when he pressed down on my right shoulder and he would bite my lip.   When everything was over with, he got up and straightened himself, and I was crying at the moment and he walks to the door, and calmly puts on his sunglasses. And before he goes out the door he says  You better get some ice on that.  And he turned and went out the door. In an interview with this reporter last week, Broaddrick was asked to comment on the statements made by Trump at a campaign stop earlier this month, where the presidential candidate slammed Hillary Clinton as  unbelievably nasty, mean enabler  who  destroyed  the lives of her husband s mistresses and alleged victims.Broaddrick replied:  I feel like she has been the enabler behind him in allowing him to continue on the same path that he did back in the  70s and  80s and  90s. He has absolutely no morals when it comes to women. Via: Breitbart News",0
13848,BREAKING: FBI INVESTIGATING Clinton Crony Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe,"It s no secret that Terry McAuliffe is closely connected to the Clintons. Right before the election for governor of Virginia, a small scandal arose involving Hillary Clinton s brother and a Chinese company. It s another pay to play where a visa was given for a donation. Well, Terry McAuliffe was involved in this scandal but the press did a great job of covering it up. Now it seems that the FBI might have a hand in digging up this information that we tried to call attention to. Remember that part of the effort to get McAuliffe into office was for the Virginia governor to deliver the state for Hillary in 2016. Well, fast forward and McAuliffe is trying to return voting rights to felons. The GOP is suing to void McAuliffe s order.  Good timing, huh!Virginia Democratic Gov. Terry McAuliffe is the subject of an ongoing investigation by the FBI and prosecutors from the Justice Department s public integrity unit, U.S. officials briefed on the probe say.The investigation dates to at least last year and has focused, at least in part, on whether donations to his gubernatorial campaign violated the law, the officials said. McAuliffe wasn t notified by investigators that he is a target of the probe, according to the officials.  The Governor will certainly cooperate with the government if he is contacted about it,  said Marc Elias, attorney for McAuliffe campaign, in a statement to CNN. As part of the probe, the officials said, investigators have scrutinized McAuliffe s time as a board member of the Clinton Global Initiative, a vehicle of the charitable foundation set up by former President Bill Clinton.There s no allegation that the foundation did anything improper; the probe has focused on McAuliffe and the electoral campaign donations, the officials said. Spokespeople for the Justice Department and the FBI declined to comment.Read more: CNN",0
13849,VIETNAM RELEASES Catholic Priest Just Days Before Obama Lifts Arms Ban… Just One Prisoner?,"Vietnam has supposedly made modest gains in reducing human rights abuses BUT a Catholic priest was just released after TWO DECADES in a Vietnam prison. What on earth did this priest do? Well, he fought for religious freedom Yes, Vietnam is still holding others in situations just like this. Soooo Vietnam throws us a bone and releases just one prisoner as a gesture so Obama will lift the arms ban? WHY NOT HOLD OUT FOR ALL POLITICAL PRISONERS?Vietnam has freed one of its longest-serving political prisoners, just a few days before a visit by Barack Obama in which human rights is expected to be a key talking point.Nguyen Van Ly, a Catholic priest who has spent most of the past two decades in detention due to his relentless pursuit of democracy and religious freedom, was released from a prison in central Hue province after his fourth stint behind bars. They released him in a special amnesty by Vietnam s president before the Obama trip,  Catholic priest Phan Van Loi told Reuters by phone.The communist country s state-controlled media has made no mention of Ly s release, which comes as Obama weighs whether to lift an arms embargo on Vietnam, a decision Washington has long said would hinge on human rights progress.Loi said that he met Ly after his release and that although he appeared weak, he was in high spirits.The US embassy in Hanoi welcomed the release of Ly but said other dissidents should be freed too. We call on the government to release unconditionally all prisoners of conscience and allow all Vietnamese to express their political views peacefully without fear of retribution,  an embassy spokesman said.During Ly s long periods of incarceration, sometimes in solitary confinement, he suffered numerous health problems, including strokes and partial paralysis.Ly s release on Friday was three months before the end of an eight-year prison sentence for  anti-state propaganda , which comes under a section of the criminal code that rights groups say is vaguely worded and used to punish outspoken critics.The priest has been on the receiving end of some of the country s harshest verdicts, stemming from his opposition to the political monopoly of the Communist party. He set up a pro-democracy movement and was behind several banned publications.Human rights is a thorny issue for Vietnam that has created dilemmas for western governments keen to engage with one of Asia s fastest-growing economies but alarmed by the arrests, harassment and jailing of its detractors.Via: The Guardian",0
13850,THE UNSTOPPABLE RISE OF COMMON SENSE: “The Left can’t stand it but all over Europe and America politicians are on the rise who put their own countries and culture first”,"For the first time since World War Two, the two centrist parties in Austria have lost and The Freedom Party, led by Norbert Hofer, looks set to win.Austria could be the first European country to be led by the populist right. It is a momentous day. Right-thinking  commenters and the European elite are aghast. But I couldn t be happier.In Austria, European governments see a mirror of their own future.Look long and hard my friends, because this is coming your way. A new populist politics is back in the ascendant, defending national identity and protecting the rights of true nationals from the drain of immigration. And this is just the start of things to come.Make no mistake: the author of this Europe-wide phenomenon is Merkel.She has penned a new era in history, in which Europe rejects an open-door policy to immigration which would lead to our women being the target of archaic cultures and religions, and rape being a helpless man s only response to the provocative sight of an unveiled woman.But this is more than a rejection of European immigration policy. This is individual nations asserting their right to self-govern. Peoples voting to protect their sense of self and reassert sovereignty.These nations do not want to be part of some amorphous whole, a blancmange of nonsense led by a German. And they are fighting back in city squares chanting  never again .Hofer says:  To those in Austria who go to war for Islamic State or rape women, I say to those people:  This is not your home.  I have a strong sense many of you would vote for a British leader with precisely these views.And Hofer is not alone.The Danish People s Party has 21 per cent of the vote and publicised its policy of removing valuables over the value of  1,045 from immigrants to pay for their welfare. It also placed adverts in Lebanese newspapers warning against migration to Denmark.The UK, on the other hand, advertises its benefits and accommodates migrants in hotels.In Finland the populist Right argues that true Finns take priority in social and healthcare spending.The UK prioritises immigrants for school places and council homes and gives away healthcare for free.Marine Le Pen s National Front (FN) is the biggest nationalist challenge to Europe s liberal democratic traditions. She has modernised the party and mobilised support in the face of terror attacks.It suits the Left to throw out insults and put lazy labels on these political parties, seeking to marginalise or discredit them In Germany, Greece, Italy, Hungary, Switzerland   parties which espouse the same views are also on the rise.Questioning immigration, the EU and the establishment, while promoting a strong sense of nationalist sentiment, is now entirely  salonfaehig , as German-speakers would say.Their ugly word for  passable in your living room    or, as we would say, socially acceptable.Merkel, for the record, is not salonfaehig in my home.The Swiss even use controversial black-sheep posters to make their point about immigration.But it suits the Left to throw out insults and put lazy labels on these political parties, seeking to marginalise or discredit them despite their obvious electoral success and democratic support. It calls these parties the Far Right, hoping you will close your eyes, picture a skinhead with a beer belly and an England flag tattooed on his forehead, and snigger.But remember, this breed of lazy socialists also mocked Donald Trump, and will continue to do so as he ascends the steps to the White House.They smirk, cocooned in their London bubble as will no doubt still be listening to the BBC still calling Donald Trump a buffoon even as he descend the stairs from Air Force One.Meanwhile Americans want him to speak up on their behalf. To be the voice of the people, to Make America Great Again, to halt immigration, protect their cultural identity and reassert their right to look after their own culture first.It s no coincidence Hofer and Trump both use the same slogan: America/Austria First!And these words are being echoed all around Europe. Restrict immigration, self-govern, reassert the right to put your own people first.And as I look west towards Trump in the White House, east to Hofer in Austria and Le Penn resurgent in France, north towards the Danish People s Party with the toughest immigration rules in Europe, and south to the stronghold of the Swiss People s Party   I see a political compass whose true direction is set on national identity and sovereignty.This movement is supported by people living in their cultural homeland, working hard, paying taxes, looking for someone, anyone, to speak up for their rights, their country, their future.And if Merkel continues the madness of trying to fast-track Turkey into the EU, millions more will join them.Just as if Britain has the guts to vote to leave the EU, I have no doubt citizens all over Europe will start demanding that they too get a vote.All over the Western world, multiculturalism is being rejected in favour of national identity. The surge of populist politics of the Right reflects a deeper will of the people to take back power from those who believe we are all equal. We all have rights.We are not. We do not.If you come to our country and fight for Islamic State, rape our women, and then ask Europe to defend your human rights, this is not your home.Our NHS, our schools, our local doctors  surgeries   they are not yours to monopolise either. Our children should come first.The balance of power is shifting. Raising the specter of fascism is just lazy labelling.Via: Katie Hopkins  Daily Mail ",0
13851,NATIONAL SECURITY FOR SALE: UNIVISION Chair Gives Hillary $7 Million To Keep Borders Open,"Trump has the Left scrambling to figure out how they re going to stop the flow of illegal immigrants future Democrat voters into America. The possibility that he will defeat Hillary in a landslide election is becoming more and more real every day The chairman of the huge media company Univision has coughed up $7 million to support Hillary Clinton, according to a report on the biggest donors to her presidential campaign.Haim Saban and his wife, described as  liberal mega  donors, are the Democratic front-runner s top donors, according to the campaign database OpenSecrets.org and its reporter Will Tucker.Saban is notable inside the Donald Trump campaign for canceling coverage of Trump s Miss USA pageant on the Spanish-language network after the Republican proposed a wall between the countries.Tucker revealed the information on Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson, which will air Sunday on Sinclair stations and online.By comparison, Trump s top donor gave $150,000, said the report.From the show s transcript, provided in advance to Secrets:Attkisson:  Would people be surprised to know what s really going on behind some of these campaigns? Tucker:  I think they would. And I think the data that we work with every day reflects kind of what people fear about the political system. It reflects that very few people have an outside influence over the federal political system in the United States. Tucker also found that Wall Street is Clinton s top donor.Below is the information and fuller transcript provided by Attkisson s show:Sharyl Attkisson:  Who are Hillary Clinton s biggest industries and individuals giving to her or her Super PACs? Will Tucker, Open Secrets:  If you look at her campaign, what you ll see is very traditional Democratic sources of campaign funds: Education as an industry and lawyers and law firms, to be specific. But if you factor in her Super PACs that are supporting her, securities and investment, what we consider to be Wall Street jumps up the list. It is her number one donor industry. Haim Sabin is one of the biggest supporters of Hillary Clinton s  Priorities U.S.A. Action  Super PAC.Sharyl:  Who s Haim Saban? Tucker:  Haim Saban is the Chairman of a big media group. He is a liberal mega donor, and has been for several years. He s a very plugged in donor with the Clinton coalition. Saban and his wife have supported Hillary Clinton to the tune of $7 million dollars. Their giant media investment firm owns Univision. That s the Spanish language TV network that cancelled plans to air Trump s Miss U.S.A. pageant after he said he d build a wall on Mexico s border and crack down on illegal immigration. Sharyl:  Would people be surprised to know what s really going on behind some of these campaigns? Tucker:  I think they would. And I think the data that we work with every day reflects kind of what people fear about the political system.  For entire story: Washington Examiner",0
13852,EPIC! COMMIE OBAMA PICTURED With Vietnam President In Front Of This!,"Wow! What a commie putz! After lifting the arms restrictions on Vietnam, Obama gleefully gets a photo right in front of the bust of Ho Chi Minh. That s some rich symbolism right there!",0
13853,END OF THE ROAD FOR AMERICA’S CORPORATE DARLING? Hillary’s Shocking “Take” Of $21 MILLION Over 2 Year Period From Corporate Trough Is Revealed,"Thank goodness for  mandatory financial disclosures otherwise we d never know what complete GRIFTERS the Clintons are! Every American should read this list! It s a complete sellout for millions! There have been cries for transcripts of the speeches to be released but the more concerning thing is the simple fact that the Clintons have taken money from horrible dictators and from all the huge banks and businesses you could possibly think of. Also, does anyone remember Hillary s  dead broke  comment? When you look at the list below, you ll know it was just another lie from CROOKED HILLARY!Mandatory financial disclosures released this month show that, in just the two years from April 2013 to March 2015, the former first lady, senator and secretary of state collected $21,667,000 in  speaking fees,  not to mention the cool $5 mil she corralled as an advance for her 2014 flop book,  Hard Choices. Throw in the additional $26,630,000 her ex-president husband hoovered up in personal-appearance  honoraria,  and the nation can breathe a collective sigh of relief that the former first couple   who, according to Hillary, were  dead broke  when they left the White House in 2001 with some of the furniture in tow   can finally make ends meet.No wonder Donald Trump calls her  crooked Hillary.  A look at Mrs. Clinton s speaking venues and the whopping sums she s received since she left State gives us an indication who s desperate for a place at the trough   and whom another Clinton administration might favor.First off, there s Wall Street and the financial-services industry. Democratic champions of the Little Guy are always in bed with the Street   they don t call Barack Obama  President Goldman Sachs  for nothing, but Mrs. Clinton has room for Bob and Carol and Ted and Alice and their 10 best friends. Multiple trips to Goldman Sachs. Morgan Stanley. Deutsche Bank. Kohlberg Kravis Roberts. UBS Wealth Management.As the character of Che Guevara sings in  Evita :  And the money kept rolling in.  And all at the bargain price of $225,000 a pop . . . to say what? We don t know, because Hillary won t release the transcripts.Read more: NYP",0
13854,JUDGE JEANINE PIRRO Rips Into Hillary Clinton On Her History Handling Terrorism [Video],Judge Jeanine rips into Hillary Clinton on her lame handling of just about everything to do with terrorism. She goes through several of Hillary s pitfalls and gaffes making the point that it s Hillary who s ill prepared to fight terrorism. ,0
13855,DOJ Funneled Housing Crisis Money To Immigrant Activist Groups Like La Raza,"Our DOJ and other government agencies are doing whatever they want to do with YOUR money! Congress is investigating the funneling of money to radical open borders groups: The use of these settlements to create incentives for shaping broader housing policy shows a disregard for separation of powers considerations inherent in the U.S. Constitution. Lawlessness rules the day in the Obama administration Unreal!Justice Department officials used unusual bank settlements to fund liberal activist groups without the consent of Congress, rather than help the victims of the housing crisis, according to congressional investigators. Instead of trying to help more people who were harmed by the downturn, they instead decided to line the pockets of third-party groups,  House Financial Services oversight subcommittee Chairman Sean Duffy, R-Wis., told reporters Friday morning in a call hosted by Cause of Action.The DOJ bank settlements have attracted suspicion in both chambers of Congress, where Republicans have practical concerns about where the money went, as well as constitutional problems with how the Justice Department came up with a plan to extract money from banks that it could use without having to go through a congressional appropriations process.Senate investigators are especially frustrated with how the Justice Department circumvented Congress and the law.  The DOJ used the threat of litigation   and the corresponding financial and reputational costs   to cause the banks to take actions that a court would not have ordered them to do,  according to a report issued late Thursday by Senate Homeland Security Committee Chairman Ron Johnson, R-Wis.  The use of these settlements to create incentives for shaping broader housing policy shows a disregard for separation of powers considerations inherent in the U.S. Constitution. Read more: WE",0
13856,WHOA! Brand New Poll Finds Trump Taking YUGE Lead Over Crooked Hillary,"Trump landslide in 5 4 3 2 1A new poll shows that Donald Trump has vastly improved his support among voters since becoming the presumptive Republican nominee. The Washington Post/ABC poll released Saturday night shows that Trump is now favored by 46 percent among registered voters, with Clinton at 44 percent.That marks an eleven-point shift towards Trump since the same poll conducted in March. Clinton is down five points among registered voters while Trump is up six.Forty-four percent of voters said they wanted a third-party candidate to run, but 51 percent said they were satisfied with the current field.When asked to pick Clinton, Trump, or Romney, only 22 percent of voters chose the former failed Republican nominee, while 37 percent chose Clinton and 35 percent chose Trump.The poll was conducted May 16-19 of 1,005 adults (829 registered voters) with a margin of error of plus or minus 3.5 percentage points. Via: Breitbart News",0
13857,GOLF’S JACK NICKLAUS Weighs In On What Donald Trump Is Doing To America [Video],"What s not to love about this? One of the greatest pro golfers ever is on the Trump Train! Jack Nicklaus knows Donald Trump and had this to say about him:  Actually, Donald s terrific  isn t it so true that the greatest Americans have come out in support of Donald Trump? Doesn t that tell you so much about him? If people like Jack Nicklaus are vouching for Trump then who cares about RINO Paul Ryan s endorsement?In an interview with Jim Axelrod scheduled to air Sunday at 9 a.m. on CBS Sunday Morning, eighteen-time major winner Jack Nicklaus said he is supporting Donald Trump for President. Actually, Donald s terrific,  Nicklaus said.  I ve done several things with Donald. Golf courses. And he has absolutely treated me great. DISREGARD THE MESSAGE OR BLACK SCREEN AND JUST CLICK ON THE SCREEN   THE VIDEO WILL PLAY",0
13858,THE MOST CORRUPT WOMAN IN POLITICS Calls Trumps Success “Pretend” [VIDEO]," Says the women whose whole life has been a series of lies.Hillary Clinton on Sunday effectively dismissed her two remaining White House rivals, suggesting that she s better  vetted and tested  than Democratic primary opponent Sen. Bernie Sanders and that presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is only  pretend  successful. I have been vetted and tested,  the Democratic front-runner and former secretary of state said on NBC s  Meet the Press. Clinton also suggested that the Vermont senator has not had a negative ad against him during the primary and said,  I am going to be the nominee.   I m in a much stronger position, and voters who have given me 3 million more votes think that as well. Clinton repeated what she has said in recent days,  We re stronger together,  a likely reference to the acrimony between the Clinton and Sanders  campaigns and supporters, as Sanders keeps alive his longshot White House bid.Recalling how she stayed late into her failed 2008 primary race against now-President Obama, Clinton said that Sanders, campaigning hard this weekend in California ahead of the state s June 7 primary, has  every right to finish off his campaign however he chooses. She also appeared to dismiss Trump s business success, the centerpiece of which is his real estate holdings, in an apparent attempt to get him to release his tax returns. She compared him to  business people who are really successful, instead of pretend successful.  Via: FOX News",0
13859,PITTSBURGH POLICE OFFICERS Boycotting Race Baiting Diva Beyoncé’s Concert May Be FORCED To Work,"The worst thing is the number of white people and people with ties to law enforcement officers will pay to see one of the most influential, openly anti-white, anti-cop entertainers in America There are reportedly several Pittsburgh police officers refusing to work security for Beyonc s May 31 concert at Heinz Field, due to what they call the singer s anti-police lyrics in her latest Black Lives Matter-themed album,  Lemonade.  But city officials may force those officers to provide security for the show. There are police officers that have expressed that they do not want to support an artist that they don t like what she has to say,  said Robert Swartzwelder, president of the Fraternal Order of the Police Lodge No. 1.  It s up to them what they want to do with their off-duty time. Concert venues, like Heinz Field, usually ask city officials to provide off-duty police officers to work security or direct traffic at an event. The choice to work these events is usually each police officer s to make.However, a memorandum to officers from the City of Pittsburgh Bureau of Police says the city may appoint between 29 to 35 officers to work at the concert if they don t recruit enough volunteers.Click HERE for Beyonc s racist, cop-hating video.Swartzwelder said the city s plan would be in direct breach of the contract agreement between the city of Pittsburgh and the police department. Such a move would force the Fraternal Order of the Police to file an unfair labor practice complaint on behalf of its member officers.Last February, the Miami Fraternal Order of Police announced a boycott of Beyonc s concert where her  Formation  world tour would be kicking off. Similar calls to boycott Beyonc  were lodged from Tampa, Florida to Texas.Earlier this month, members from several police organizations, including the Pasadena Police Department and the Coalition for Police and Sheriffs, held a protest near Beyonc s concert in Houston, Texas.Already aware of the criticisms of her music, Beyonc  upped the ante last month and decided to sell  Boycott Beyonc  merchandise, including T-shirts, cellphone cases, and hats.Via: Breitbart News ",0
13860,OBAMA’S WORLD APOLOGY TOUR To Begin With Vietnam and Japan,"It s been said that all Presidents get the itch to travel in the last year of their term. Obama s even said the plane is his numero uno favorite thing about being preezy. He gets to fly around on YOUR dime. If that s not bad enough, Obama plans on visiting the site of Hiroshima to stick his thumb in the eye of America. HANOI, Vietnam   As the candidates vying to replace him get increasingly aggressive, President Barack Obama is embarking on a sort of farewell tour to the world.His visit this week to Vietnam and Japan   he arrives Monday Vietnam time   is one of at least seven treks abroad this year. It s a schedule that will take him out of the country almost once a month from March through November, when voters will pick his replacement, and it is not unusual for presidents on their way out the door.In March, he became the first U.S. president in more than 80 years to visit Cuba, and he went on to Argentina on the same trip.In April, Air Force One was bound for Saudi Arabia, the United Kingdom and Germany. In the U.K., his trip took on a wistful tone as he dined with the queen   his only British queen; her 12th U.S. president   toured the Globe Theatre and watched part of  Hamlet.  He also made headlines for his impromptu play date with 2-year-old Prince George   along with a business visit with the prime minister.This week, it s Vietnam   his first visit there   and Japan. After a summit meeting in Japan, he ll become the first sitting U.S. president to visit Hiroshima and the site of the world s first atomic bombing.In June, it s Canada for the pomp and pageantry of a state visit, as well as meetings with the prime minister of Canada and the president of Mexico.In July   as the Democratic and Republicans nominees for president prepare for their national conventions   Obama heads to Poland for a NATO summit. Read more: McClatchy",0
13861,FORMER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE GATES RIPS INTO OBAMA For Putting Politics Over Our Troops [Video],"Former CIA Director Robert Gates rips into Obama for his refusal to say the troops are in a combat role in the Middle East. Obama s doing a great disservice to our troops! Ever since American forces have been deployed to fight ISIS, the White House has said that they are not there in a combat capacity, even though three Americans have been killed fighting the terror group. ",0
13862,BUMBLING BILL CLINTON Manages To Insult Poland And Hungary [Video],"The Clinton Campaign just managed to commit the biggest blunder of the presidential race yet! Bill needs a hobby! He s not helping Hillary on the campaign trail. He had a finger wagging moment with some Black Lives Matter folks and now this!The media are protecting the Clinton campaign, as usual. According to the mainstream narrative, voters are supposed to believe that Donald Trump presents a mortal danger to American foreign policy because of a penchant to say stupid and reckless things. Yet it is the Clinton campaign that has said something so outrageous that the prime minister of a faithful ally is demanding an apology, as is the foreign minister of another, and two domestic ethnic voting blocs are up in arms.It all began a week ago yesterday, when Bill Clinton said something outrageous at a Clinton campaign rally in New Jersey:Former US President Bill Clinton said that Poland and Hungary  have now decided Democracy is too much trouble, therefore  they want Putin-like leadership. The former US President was speaking about the Central European countries to offer some comparison to Republican candidate and Hillary s potential rival Donald Trump.  Just give me an authoritarian dictatorship and keep the foreigners out, sound familiar? , Clinton said. Hungary and Poland would not be free today without the United States and the long cold war, he insisted. ",0
13863,"LOCAL ANCHOR GETS REAL: Clinton Presidency ‘Should Freak People Out’, Will Hurt North Dakota Economy",We ve heard from this local anchor before. He s unafraid to get real with Americans about what s going on in the world. This is great! ,0
13864,LOL! OPEN BORDERS SEAN PENN Responds After New PRO-REFUGEE Movie Gets DESTROYED By Critics At Cannes,"Is it possible the French have lost their appetite for our pro-open borders Hollywood liberals misrepresenting the truth about the inundation of Muslim men into their towns and communities? CANNES   Another day, another dud. In its early days, the 69th Cannes Film Festival was one of pleasant surprises, including a three-hour German-language art-house comedy, Toni Erdmann, that had critics applauding during as well as after the film. Then there was Paterson, a Jim Jarmusch creation starring Adam Driver as a bus driver who writes poetry. The well-received film plays out like something of a poem itself. And even if it doesn t win any official prizes, it has already captured the  Palme Dog  for best canine performance, by a bulldog named Nellie.But many of cinema s big names have proven less reliable. Woody Allen s Caf  Society and Stephen Spielberg s The BFG, both opening out of competition, were solid but hardly the directors  best work. A Thursday night screening of The Neon Demon, written and directed by Nicolas Winding Refn and starring Elle Fanning, drew jeers for its lurid, over-the-top stew of vampirism, cannibalism and a touch of necrophilia.That was followed the next morning by The Last Face, Sean Penn s fifth film as a director and his first since 2007 s Into the Wild. It s a story of refugee crises and humanitarian aid (subjects with which the activist Penn is intimately familiar) but also, as an opening text explains with a thud:  about the love (pause)   between a man (pause)   and a woman.  You could hear the groans from the crowd.Charlize Theron and Javier Bardem lead an international cast that includes Britain s Jared Harris and French star Jean Reno. They are aid workers whose tumultuous love affair plays out over a decade and many explosions   and, lest we doubt their passion, through a variety of slow-motion scenes, soft-focus lenses and choral music.Penn had little to say about the negative reaction to The Last Face.  I ve finished the film so it s not a discussion that I feel I can be of any value to,  he said.  I stand behind the film as it is, and everybody is going to be well entitled to their response. Via: National Post ",0
13865,RELIGION OF PROGRESSIVISM: Meet Obama’s NEW Transgender Leader For FAITH-BASED Neighborhood Partnerships,"The religion of Progressivism is working overtime to erase and replace Christianity in the lives of Americans. God is nothing more than a nuisance. He only gets in the way of a more  accepting  religion the Left has been cultivating for decades, where the rules are morals are determined by a select group of people in our government and in specially appointed positions within our government. You know kinda like Communism The Obama administration has appointed a transgender individual to the President s Advisory Council on Faith-based Neighborhood Partnerships, selecting Barbara Satin for a post along with two representatives of minority faiths.Satin, who was born a man but identifies as a woman, is an Air Force veteran, a member of the United Church of Christ and currently works with the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force, according to CBN News. Given the current political climate, I believe it s important that a voice of faith representing the transgender and gender non-conforming community   as well as a person of my years, nearly 82   be present and heard in these vital conversations,  Satin said in a statement published through the United Church of Christ.   The Blazeh/t Weasel Zippers",0
13866,QUID PRO QUO? NEW QUESTIONS Raised Over Obama Foundation,"THE CLINTON GRIFTERS WERE FANTASTIC MENTORS TO THE OBAMAS Each donation of $100,000 got you a visit with Obama at the White House. Quid Pro Quo for sure!We may not need to elect Hillary Clinton to return to the days when Travelocity could have listed the Lincoln Bedroom as a tourist destination.According to a new review of White House visitor logs and the list of big-ticket donors to the Obama Foundation conducted by MapLight, every single six-figure benefactor got a meeting with the President   mostly through events conveniently left off the official schedule:Every donor whose family or foundation had given more than $100,000 met with Obama at the White House, according to the review by MapLight, a non-profit research organization that tracks money in politics. The group looked at White House visitor records, the foundation s website and its tax returns.No matter how one cuts it, granting special access to campaign donors is corrupt, even if it s not technically illegal and even if  everyone does it.  Selling access to boost a personal foundation is arguably worse.Obama has no job-related reason to start a non-profit foundation, however, and using public facilities to benefit his private endeavor constitutes at least a conflict of interest.The timing of these invitations suggests a quid pro quo, too.Looks like the Obamas learned a few lessons about building foundations from the Clintons, eh?Read more: Hot Air",0
13867,WATCH: THINGS GET UGLY WHEN Canada’s Self-Proclaimed “FEMINIST” Prime Minister ELBOWS Woman From Conservative Party On House Of Commons Floor,"The self proclaimed  feminist  apparently has no problem with using physical force against a woman who is part of a party that opposes his radical ideology Apparently, he forgot about his  softer side  when he elbowed NDP MP Ruth Ellen Brousseau in the chest Following the fracas on the floor of the House of Commons Wednesday night, opposition members of Parliament have taken turns scolding Justin Trudeau for his behaviour, with some even suggesting that the prime minister might be guilty of a crime.Justin Trudeau elbows his way into a bad dayJustin Trudeau apologizes for  failing to live up to a higher standard NDP MP Niki Ashton said that  physical violence  had taken place in the House and that  people would call what happened here assault.  Conservative MP and deputy justice critic Michael Cooper suggested that Trudeau s physical encounters with two MPs could be defined as  criminal assault.  And Tory MP Mark Warawa tweeted that Trudeau was guilty of  physical assault.  And technically speaking, they might have a point.Ahead of a vote to limit debate on the government s doctor-assisted dying bill, Trudeau walked across the aisle and took Conservative Party whip Gord Brown by the arm while inadvertently elbowing NDP MP Ruth Ellen Brosseau in the chest. Trudeau has apologized repeatedly for the incident and said his behaviour was  unacceptable. Assault definition is broadBut the act of taking Brown by the arm and ushering him to his seat,  in the most technical sense   probably meets all the requirements for assault,  said Toronto lawyer Daniel Lerner, who was a former Ontario Crown prosecutor. The basic definition of an assault is if a person intentionally uses force on another person without their consent. (Brown said he told the prime minister to let go of him.)But that definition is broad and  can capture quite a lot,  Lerner said.Via: CBC ",0
13868,TOP OBAMA OFFICIAL: We Find Illegal Aliens But Here’s Why We Don’t Deport Them [Video],"THIS IS MADDENING! We have a president and congress who do nothing but promote illegal entry into America TREASON! The Obama Administration has been releasing thousands of criminal illegal aliens onto our streets. In just the last three years, ICE released 86,288 criminal aliens.    Senator Jeff SessionsSenator Jeff Sessions questioning Thomas Homan, the Executive Associate Director, Enforcement And Removal Operations of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, U.S. Department of Homeland Security. Homan admits they find illegal aliens but cannot deport them because of President Obama, whose policies protect whole classes of illegal aliens.SESSIONS DELIVERS OPENING STATEMENT ON DECLINING DEPORTATIONS AND INCREASING CRIMINAL ALIEN RELEASES WASHINGTON U.S. Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL), Chairman of the Subcommittee on Immigration and The National Interest, delivered the following statement on the Administration s actions that have resulted in a dramatic decrease in the number of aliens removed from the United States over recent years, and thousands of otherwise removable aliens being released from custody: Thank you to everyone for being here today, and thank you to Senator Blumenthal for serving as ranking member.First I d like to extend my condolences to the Director of ICE, Sarah Salda a, and her family on their recent, tragic loss. Our thoughts and prayers go out to them during this difficult time.Throughout its tenure, the Obama Administration has made numerous public statements, issued multiple memoranda, and represented in testimony before Congress that it has limited resources and therefore can remove only a certain number and category of illegal aliens. Specifically, the Administration repeatedly claimed that U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement had the resources to deport only approximately 400,000 illegal aliens from the United States each year.So, their reasoning went, they were compelled to focus on criminal illegal aliens and other aliens who pose threats to the country s security. Because of this focus, the President argued he had no choice but to grant executive amnesty to millions of illegal aliens   which would allow them to stay in the country and obtain work permits and other federal benefits.Yet, as we will examine in today s hearing, rather than truly prioritizing the removal of certain types of illegal aliens over others, the Obama Administration has simply refused to execute the laws passed by Congress and signed into law.It has ordered immigration law enforcement officers to ignore plain law and acquiesce to the presence of millions of illegal aliens in the United States, including criminals and those who have already been ordered deported to leave the country.If the Obama Administration was truly prioritizing the removal of certain illegal aliens over others, it would be reasonable to assume that with the same or more resources, the number of deportations would remain relatively steady each year.However, the simple fact is that since these policies were implemented, deportations have plummeted  particularly deportations from the interior of the country as opposed to the border   and most sharply under guidelines issued by Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson in November 2014.As this dramatic decline has occurred, Congress has increased funding each year for the purpose of immigration enforcement.This is not prioritization and this is not prosecutorial discretion. This is a total refusal to carry out the laws passed by Congress that the Constitution obliges the President to faithfully execute.Meanwhile, the Obama Administration has been releasing thousands of criminal illegal aliens onto our streets. In just the last three years, ICE released 86,288 criminal aliens.At the same time, the Administration touts the decrease in the number of apprehensions at the border as a sign of border security. But as we will hear in testimony today, we simply do not apprehend every illegal alien who crosses the southern border. Not even close. Moreover, we are seeing near-record levels of certain categories of aliens   unaccompanied alien minors and family units   who face no chance of actually being deported under this Administration. This simply sends a message that anybody, anywhere in the world, if they can get into the United States across our southern border, for example, they will be allowed to stay in the country. Other than Mexico, they re allowed to stay in the country. And that is why so many are coming. It s not the law that s on the books, but the policies that are being carried out at our border. This is not how the immigration system was intended to work, it s not how the immigration system must work, this is a lawless policy and it has to be ended.So today s hearing will focus on a central claim the Obama Administration makes to excuse its lawless immigration policies   namely that limited resources compelled the implementation of its lawless immigration policies. We will also assess the impact of this lawlessness on the integrity, the very moral foundation of our immigration system. If it s not properly executed and carried out, it has no integrity and it lacks morality.This Administration for too long has been trying to hide from the American people the true nature of what it has been doing. Today, we will set the record straight. Efficiency, effectiveness, and productivity are essential in this government. The taxpayers don t spend money for ICE and the border patrol to have supervisors somehow keep the officers from doing their duty. Accountability is critical. Congress has a duty to ensure accountability of the agencies it supervises, and that is what we will do today. ",0
13869,WEDDING CRASHERS: Hillary Tries To Explain Why She And Bill Attended Trump Wedding And Proves They Are First Class Grifters,"Who goes to a wedding and doesn t bring a gift? Who brags about going to a wedding and not bringing a gift?  Hillary admits she and Bill thought the wedding would be  fun .Grifters Opportunists The Clinton s That s who When Hillary Clinton and husband Bill attended Donald Trump s 2005 wedding, their presence was their present.Asked at a Monday night forum in Iowa what she got Trump for his wedding, Clinton responded with a slight smile,  Nothing. Nothing. He used to   he was basically a Democrat before he was a Republican,  she continued,  and he was, you know, somebody that we all knew in New York. And he was supportive of Democrats. He was supportive of a lot of the causes that I cared about and that people I knew cared about. Now he seems to have taken another road,  she concluded.At the GOP debate in Cleveland, Trump claimed Clinton had  no choice  but to attend his wedding. Trump married Melania Knauss, his third wife, at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach.In August, Clinton offered a different explanation for attending. I didn t know him that well. I mean I knew him, and I happened to be in Florida, and I thought it was going to be fun to go to this wedding, because it s always entertaining,  she said last year. It s all entertainment. I think he s having the time of his life, saying what he wants to say getting people excited both for and against him. It is generally accepted that guests invited to a wedding bring a gift, even when the groom is a real estate mogul.Advice columnist Miss Manners wrote in 2013,  You should not be attending a wedding if you do not care about the couple (either truly, or because they are relatives and you are supposed to care), and therefore wedding guests give wedding presents. Via: NYP",0
13870,WATCH: TRANSEXUAL MICHELLE OBAMA LOOK-ALIKE Kicked Out Of Girls Bathroom By Security Guard…Presses Charges,"So it begins the suing of Americans who don t agree with Obama s dangerous decree that allows men to use the little girl s room at will. Will the first little girl who is raped in the Target bathroom receive the same media attention and compassion as this MAN will get from leftist LGBT agitators and progressive pigs of America? D.C. police have charged a security guard at a Giant grocery store with simple assault after a transgender woman said the guard forced her out of the women s restroom. Ebony Belcher, 32, said she went to the Giant in northeast D.C. with a friend to pick up a delivery from the Western Union.While at the Giant, she asked a store employee to point her to the restroom and passed a female security officer standing in the hallway. The officer came into the restroom and told her to get out, according to Belcher. Via: NBCWashingtonAlmost as disturbing as the transvestite who is eagerly using the little girls room (even though his genitals clearly show he is a male and should be using the bathroom with urinals), is Jackie Bensen, the woman reporting for News 4. Instead of reporting about a man who was invading the private space of women, she instead, chooses to behave as though she s just been exposed to a gruesome murder scene.We agree with the brilliant commentary on this issue by Rick Wells:Did the whole US sign up for some kind of voluntary brainwashing or mind control exercise without inviting me? As a similarly perplexed comedic genius once put it satirically,  What in the wide wide world of sports is a goin on here?  Now life has become stranger than fiction.The reporting and hand wringing would and should be laughable if it weren t so seriously deranged. Words have meaning and pronouns are words   he is for boys, those with  outie plumbing;  she is for girls, the ones with  innie plumbing.  It s no more complicated than that or at least there s no reason for it to be. Despite claims to the contrary, clothes do not make the man or the woman. The female reporter joins in, describing the bathroom user as a  transgender woman,  and using the female pronouns for the man. You mean the mentally unstable man dressed up as a woman who is lurking in about in the ladies  room, don t you, Miss liberal news reader? And aren t you being quite disingenuous? Wouldn t you want a pervert lurking around as you were taking care of your own private business to be redirected if you had been in that situation?According to the on the scene reporter, rather than thanking the security officer for protecting the space and the privacy of the real women from perverts pretending to be women, possible  hate crime  charges are being considered. That s good, make an example of this hero who stood up to the liberal bullying and turn women s rooms across America into pervert lounges. That s what the Marxists want, along with the complete emasculation of the American male population and manning-up of the girls.The reporter calls the pervert a  transgender woman  multiple times, misreporting the events. She says it was a  deeply humiliating  experience for the dude looks like a lady, which it should have been. Anywhere that man goes dressed up like a girl he should be embarrassed, it s abnormal.Even more embarrassing should be the fact that when he s dressed up like a girl he looks like a clone of another suspected transsexual, Michelle Obama. He s the spitting image right down to the overabundant teeth in his mouth and the freshly weed-whacked hairdo.His friend, identified as Earline  Bud  in the report, is another of the men parading as a woman though his size clearly restricts him to the handicapped stall of any facility he uses. He claims he couldn t believe that his friend was told he had to go to the proper restroom. Yeah, pretty unbelievable isn t it?For entire commentary click here: Rick Wells GIANT store s response: ",0
13871,MAN THREATENS TO KILL TRUMP: Afraid Food Stamps Will Be Taken Away,"The Baton Rouge, Louisiana resident  Maine Musik  says he s going to go to war with Trump with his arsenal of guns and hand grenades if Trump becomes president and takes away his mom s food stamps. MARK DICE NARRATES AND TRANSLATES THIS CRAZY RANT: ",0
13872,FURIOUS CUSTOMERS RESPOND To Home Depot Cashier’s “AMERICA WAS NEVER GREAT” Anti-Trump Hat [VIDEO],"The people who are angry about her wearing this hat should also be angry at the  hate America  indoctrination our children are getting at school, and from our Community Organizer In Chief who s made it cool to hate America and it s racist, homophobic, greedy citizens The decision by Home Depot cashier to wear a white baseball cap carrying the slogan  America Was Never Great  has caused a social media storm.A photo of Staten Island Home Depot employee Krystal Lake wearing the anti-Trump hat went viral Sunday. The reaction from Facebook and Twitter users skewed negative, with some promising to never shop at Home Depot again.According to this black @HomeDepot employee, ""America was never great"" pic.twitter.com/AO9p39TJCk  Dr. White (@RealDoctorWhite) May 18, 2016Hey @HomeDepot you are OK with this?  What an insult to #Vets and ALL Americans #Vets4Trump #Trump2016 pic.twitter.com/BjM835m4rH  District fCriminals (@DistOfCriminals) May 18, 2016To be sure, Lake, 22, admits that wearing the  America Was Never Great  hat was her way of making a broader statement about U.S. history. The point of the hat was to say America needs changing and improvement,  Lake told the Staten Island Advance.  I don t think it s a positive message to say,  Let s look to the past. The lifelong New Yorker said she was surprised when she awoke Wednesday morning to see a tsunami of calls and texts messages from friends and co-workers asking if she had noticed the firestorm her hat had created. Everyone kept asking me if I was on Facebook or Twitter, which I hadn t been,  she said,  and then I saw how many people were sharing [the picture] and that it was going viral. I was honestly shocked   I didn t expect any of this to happen,  Lake added.Interestingly, Republican presidential candidate and New York real estate mogul Donald Trump won the April 19 primary contest in a landslide, securing over 80% support in Staten Island.For its part, Home Depot didn t waste time responding to critics on Twitter and Facebook. The Atlanta Georgia-based home improvement retailer called Lake s hat inappropriate.It is against Home Depot policy for employees to wear apparel that reflects political statements, company spokesman Stephen Holmes said.Via: Breitbart News",0
13873,BLACK LIVES MATTER ACTIVIST Obama Invited To White House Charged With PIMPING Teenage Girl…Blames Conservatives “Trolls”,"Just another upstanding citizen who s been invited to the White House by our Community Organizer In Chief Birds of a feather Who can forget when Obama s speech about  child safety  was interrupted by a rapper who was wearing an ankle bracelet for KIDNAPPING went off?And then there was the rapper Tef Poe, who met with Obama in  our White House to  strategize , who tweeted this threat:  Dear white people if Trump wins young niggas such as myself are fully hell bent on inciting riots everywhere we go A Black Lives Matter activist who operates a social justice charity was arrested last month on charges of sex trafficking a 17-year-old girl.Charles Wade co-founded Operation Help or Hush in the aftermath of the August 2014 police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo. The group claims it helps raise funds for the needy and provide food and shelter for activists.But according to a police report obtained by TheDC, the 33-year-old Wade was raising money in more explicit ways.He was arrested on April 25 at a motel where he resided in College Park, Md. Police say he was using the motel room to pimp a 17-year-old girl.He s charged with seven counts, including felonies for human trafficking. The charges carry sentences of up to 25 years in prison and a $15,000 fine. Wade posted $25,000 bond and left jail on April 27.Wade denied the allegations in an email to The Daily Caller. Formerly a stylist for Solange Knowles, the sister of Beyonce, Wade has been featured in numerous news articles about the Black Lives Matter movement. He was also invited by the White House earlier this week to a movie screening with other Black Lives Matter activists. Wade says he did not attend the function, which was on Tuesday.Last year, a team of Washington Post reporters, including Pulitzer Prize-winner Wesley Lowery, included Wade in a profile of Black Lives Matter activists who protested after the August 2014 shooting of Michael Brown by Ferguson, Mo. police officer Darren Wilson. According to the police report, an undercover officer with the vice intelligence unit responded to an ad on backpage.com, a website frequently used by sex traffickers and prostitutes. Holla at me. Quick stay specials tonight and tomorrow. Independent. Fun and sexy. Text me to set up an appointment???????  reads the ad, which listed the age of the poster as 23.The undercover detective contacted the poster to set up a meeting. The respondent informed him that the cost of services would be $100 for a half-hour and provided an address, which turned out to be a Howard Johnson Inn in College Park. A room number was also provided.When the undercover john arrived, a white female wearing only a towel answered the door and let him inside the room. After she attempted to initiate contact with the detective he informed her he was a police officer, and she ran out of the room. Members of the Vice Intelligence Unit described a male that was watching the Undercover Detective as he entered [room 412],  the report reads.Investigators reported that the teenager, who gave her age as 17, said that Wade was her  manager.  She called him  CJ. Wade, who used a passport to rent the Howard Johnson Inn room, was arrested and charged with sex trafficking. Police recovered three cell phones from him.The alleged victim told investigators that Wade knew she was a minor. She said that he told her he was not concerned about her age because  you only have 5 months left until you re 18 so I m not worried. She also told investigators that she provided all the money she was paid to Wade.In response to TheDC s request for comment, Wade claimed that a tenant at a temporary housing facility he was running as part of his charity  was involved in activities  that he did not know about. As this is a legal matter, I m not going into serious detail with you,  he said.He did claim, however, that he was unfairly arrested because he was  too trusting. Despite those claims, the police report suggests that there is evidence that Wade was the person who communicated with the undercover detective by text message.Wade issued a statement on Twitter after being contacted by TheDC in which he blamed conservative  trolls  for focusing on the case. He also said  I am confident that I will be cleared of the charges I am currently facing. I was forced to make this statement before I was ready to because of ongoing efforts by Twitter  trolls  to stop my work and the work of my organization,  he wrote. For the past two to three days,  trolls  have been actively baiting conservative news outlets to report on my arrest, amongst other vindictive things that they are actively working on. Wade also stated that the recent arrest is the second time he has been arrested after  helping someone else.  He did not provide details of the case, but a review of criminal databases shows he was charged with 3rd degree grand theft in Miami in January. Wade says he was not convicted in the case nor did he take a plea deal. Records show that the case was closed in February.Wade was also arrested in August 2014 in Travis County, Tex. and charged with making false statements.For entire story: Daily Caller ",0
13874,HOW TRUMP RESPONDED WHEN 200 Gulf War Marines Were Stranded And Needed A Ride Home,"The story you ll never see in the mainstream media..When Corporal Ryan Stickney and 200 of his fellow Marines prepared to return to their families after Operation Desert Storm in 1991, a logistics error forced them to turn to a surprising source for a ride home: Donald J. Trump.Today, Stickney would like to say  thank you. Stickney (left), was a squad leader in a TOW company of a Marine reserve unit based in Miami, FL and spent approximately six months in Saudi Arabia during the Gulf War between 1990 and 1991.Upon his unit s return to the United States, the former Marine says the group spent several weeks decompressing at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina before heading back to Miami.Stickney recalls being told that a mistake had been made within the logistics unit and that an aircraft wasn t available to take the Marines home on their scheduled departure date.This according to Stickney is where Donald Trump comes in. The way the story was told to us was that Mr. Trump found out about it and sent the airline down to take care of us. And that s all we knew .I remember asking  Who is Donald Trump?  I truly didn t know anything about him,  the former Marine said.Corporal Stickney snapped a photo to remember the day by:The Trump campaign has confirmed to Hannity.com that Mr. Trump did indeed send his plane to make two trips from North Carolina to Miami, Florida to transport over 200 Gulf War Marines back home. No further details were provided.The Marine says he and his family are to this day grateful for Trump s kind gesture.  It may not seem like much to most people, but it was very important to a bunch of jar heads and more importantly their families waiting for them on the hot tarmac. Stickney says that his father a Korean War veteran and former Eastern Airlines captain claimed to have never seen a 727 turn around and refuel so quickly. His father was so appreciative of Mr. Trump s help; he said he would fly for Trump for free to thank him for what he did.Sticky says that in his 28 years of public service, he has yet to see this kind of support for the troops from any of the other candidates running for president:  I have not seen a Clinton or Sanders plane, or anything else for that matter, sent to support the troops.  Via: hannity.com",0
13875,LEADING N. CAROLINA NEWSPAPER: Girls Need To Attempt “Overcoming Discomfort” At Sight Of “Male Genitalia” In Locker Rooms,"The Leftist agenda in action blurring the lines of sexuality, while stripping humanity of any sense of individuality or morality A leading North Carolina newspaper issued an editorial last week telling girls to attempt  overcoming discomfort  at the sight of  male genitalia,  should transgender bathroom laws be enacted.In a defense of President Obama s order compelling schools to allow access to restrooms on the basis of gender identity, the Charlotte Observer editorial board compared the discomfort of school-aged girls seeing male genitalia in locker rooms to the discomfort of white people being around black people in post-segregation America. This is what the Obama administration nudged the rest of the country toward Friday,  the editorial said.  Yes, the thought of male genitalia in girls  locker rooms   and vice versa   might be distressing to some. But the battle for equality has always been in part about overcoming discomfort   with blacks sharing facilities, with gays sharing marriage   then realizing it was not nearly so awful as some people imagined. While admitting that exposure to male genitalia is a possible outcome of transgender bathroom laws, the editorial said the notion that such laws constitute a threat to the privacy and safety of women and children is a  political fiction  pushed by Republicans. Those safety issues are political fiction   non-transgender men wouldn t have been allowed in women s bathrooms under the Charlotte ordinance that HB 2 killed, and the 200 or so cities with similar ordinances have had no incidents involving bathroom predators,  the editorial said.  Via: Washington Times",0
13876,WATCH: FOX Host DESTROY Race Enthusiast Juan Williams After He Attempts To Race Shame Her…,"Watch Juan Williams make several attempts to shame Fox Five host, Kimberly Guilfoyle for speaking out against Obama s Black Lives Matter race war in America. Once he realizes he s losing the argument, he attempts to berate her, telling her she is  uncomfortable  about being a racist. His horrible accusation is followed up brilliantly when Guilfoyle responds by asking,  Why would I be uncomfortable about it [racism] as a Puerto Rican woman? A heated exchange on the subject of identity politics took place on The Five between, Kim Guilfoyle accused co-host Juan Williams of  becoming infamous and also ridiculous because you put words in people s mouths. Guilfoyle, praising a commencement speech by Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, said,  I like his emphasis on faith and belief. Because in my personal opinion, the past eight years, we have seen under the Obama administration, they have used class warfare and race and envy to divide the nation. They have, and communities when you see Ferguson and other places Oh, I see. President Obama did Ferguson?  Williams interjected.https://youtu.be/3bRrDyacnP0 Their exchange continued:KG: I didn t say that, Juan. And you re really become infamous and also ridiculous because you JW: Because that was a ridiculous statement.KG: You put words in people s mouth and you paraphrase JW: I didn t say  You said  President Obama, Ferguson .KG: I didn t say that. I said the administration.JW: OkayKG: And it s true. Under Eric Holder and the Injustice Department.JW: Whoo.KG: This is part and parcel for what happened across this country. We did not come closer together as a country. We became more divided. And there was more loss of life and destruction of property from that race and identity politicsJW: I see, because people speak out against injustice, you don t like it and it makes you uncomfortable.KG: Well, it s   no it doesn t make me uncomfortable.JW: You have to deal with reality.KG: No. I do deal with reality. The bottom line is they fostered an environment that was violence and that was not something that brought people together. Instead of using the opportunity as president to bring people together and blur race and gender lines   it was more about divisiveness  JW: Oh, I see you want to blur race and gender when it makes you uncomfortable, KimberlyKG: I m not uncomfortable by it at all. I m not uncomfortable by it at all.JW: People in this country who have to live with police aggression KG: Why would I be uncomfortable with that as a Puerto Rican woman? The only way to blur race and gender is with alcohol!  Greg Gutfeld burst in, bringing the heated exchange to a landing.  Everybody just go out and get drunk. Via: Mediatate YouTube",0
13877,ARTIST OF OBAMA HOPE POSTER Weighs In On Obama’s Presidency,"Remember the HOPE poster that became a huge hit? Well, the artist responsible for it is speaking out on the past two Obama presidencies. Some might say that Shepard Fairey is partly responsible for the election of Obama. Who DIDN T want some hope and change in 2008? Now we know the rest of the story we got no hope and the change is a disaster! So you would think that Shepard Fairey has seen the light and is voting like many Democrats are for Trump. No, he hasn t learned anything after all. As much as he says Obama s agenda was a disaster, he s going to vote for Bernie. Liberal lunacy for sure!Shepard Fairey, who s now a Bernie Sanders supporter, says that after Obama won the presidency, he went  quiet on a lot of things  he promised while running for office. I think history will be fairly kind of his presidency but I want things to move further in the direction that he promised as a campaigner,  he said.  He s been more outspoken in the last 18 months. I think he s going out having done some good things and said some good things, but there were about six years there where I think he could have done more. Fairey said he had  high hopes  for Obama and that the president couldn t blame his failures entirely on congressional gridlock. If he had been as outspoken as he was as a campaigner, I would give him a pass on not being able to push through some of the progressive things I hoped he would, but he was quiet on a lot of things,  he added.  That to me was unfortunate. Similarly, German journalist Klaus Faissner pointed out that Obama transformed from an  electrifying candidate  into a  Bush on steroids  who promoted drone strikes, mass surveillance, and a totalitarian relationship with the media. Obama signed more orders for drone assaults than Bush Jr. had done in the entire eight years of his presidency,  he said.  These were drone strikes which caused catastrophic levels of non-combatant casualties, which America simply wrote-off under the euphemism of  collateral damage.  Via: Progressives Today",0
13878,A YOUNG FATHER EXPLAINS SOCIALISM To His 10 Year Old Son…A MUST Read For Every American,"The discussion Bret Stephens had with his 10 year old son, is one every parent should be having with the very generation who has the most to lose if socialism really is implemented in America. As parents, we re asked countless times by our children to explain ghosts, scary shadows on the walls, or some other imagined childhood fear. How many times however, do our children ask us to explain something that every American should truly fear? How many times do we have the opportunity to explain the reality of Socialism to our children?  We Applaud Bret Stephens of the Wall Street Journal for the brilliant way he explained Socialism to his son. We thank him for sharing it with his readers.Noah, my 10-year-old son, was reading over my shoulder a powerful story about the state of medicine in Venezuela by Nick Casey in Sunday s New York Times. We scrolled through images of filthy operating rooms, broken incubators and desperate patients lying in pools of blood, dying for lack of such basics as antibiotics. Dad, why are the hospitals like this? Socialism. What s socialism? I told him it s an economic system in which the government seizes and runs industries, sets prices for goods, and otherwise dictates what you can and cannot do with your money, and therefore your life. He received my answer with the abstracted interest you d expect if I had been describing atmospheric conditions on Uranus.Here s what I wish I had said: Socialism is a mental poison that leads to human misery of the sort you see in these wrenching pictures.The lesson seems all the more necessary when discredited ideologies are finding new champions in high places. When Venezuelan President Hugo Ch vez died in 2013, an obscure U.K. parliamentarian tweeted,  Thanks Hugo Chavez for showing that the poor matter and wealth can be shared. He made massive contributions to Venezuela & a very wide world. The parliamentarian was Jeremy Corbyn, now leader of the Labour Party.Up north, Naomi Klein, Canada s second-most unpleasant export, treated Ch vez as heroically leading the resistance to the forces of dreaded neoliberalism. Jimmy Carter mourned Ch vez for  his bold assertion of autonomy and independence for Latin American governments and for his formidable communication skills and personal connection with supporters in his country and abroad to whom he gave hope and empowerment. There are lesser names to add to this roll call of dishonor  Michael Moore, Sean Penn but you get the point:  Democratic socialism  had no shortage of prominent Western cheerleaders as it set Venezuela on its road to hyperinflation, hyper-criminality, water shortages, beer shortages, electricity blackouts, political repression and national collapse. Ch vez and his successor, Nicol s Maduro, gained prestige and legitimacy from these paladins of the left. They are complicit in Venezuela s agony.And so to the U.S. election, specifically the resolutely undead presidential candidacy of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders. The Sanders campaign is no stranger to accusations that its brand of leftism is cut from the same cloth that produced Chavismo. Yesterday, one of Hillary Clinton s most prominent Super PACs attacked our campaign pretty viciously,  Mr. Sanders complained in September, noting that they  tried to link me to a dead communist dictator. The senator protests too much. As mayor of Burlington, Vt., in the 1980s, he boasted of conducting his own foreign policy, including sister-city relations with Puerto Cabezas in Nicaragua and Yaroslavl in the Soviet Union. On a 1985 trip to Nicaragua, he lavished praise on Daniel Ortega s communist regime Chavismo s older cousin. In terms of health care, in terms of education, in terms of land reform . . . nobody denies they [the Sandinistas] are making significant progress in those areas,  then-Mayor Sanders told one interviewer in 1985.  And I think people understand that and I think the people of Nicaragua, the poor people, respect that. If Mr. Sanders ever rethought or recanted those views, I m not aware of it.But the point isn t what Mr. Sanders may have thought of the Sandinistas in the 1980s or the Chavistas in the past decade. It s that the type of socialism that the senator espouses $18 trillion in additional government spending over the next decade, accusations that Wall Street is a criminal enterprise and the continuous demonization of  millionaires and billionaires is not all that different from its South American cousins.Democratic socialism whether Chavez s or Sanders s is legalized theft in the name of the people against the vilified few. It is a battle against income inequality by means of collective immiseration. It is the subjugation of private enterprise and personal autonomy to government power. Mr. Sanders promises to pursue his aims on the Scandinavian model, as if that was a success, and as if Americans are Scandinavians. It wasn t. We aren t. Bernie s Way paves the same road to serfdom that socialism does everywhere.That s a fact Americans might have learned after the Berlin Wall fell in 1989. We didn t. Take the time to tell your kids what socialism is, and does, before they too feel the Bern.Via: Wall Street Journal",0
13879,MOTHER OF 12 GOES ON RANT IN TARGET STORE: “Mothers…Get your children out of this store!” [Viral VIDEO],"Perhaps a few random flash mobs protesting Target s decision to put the feelings of .01% of our population before the safety of our women and children are in order?Video showing a woman protesting the bathroom policy at Target has gone viral. A video posted on YouTube shows the woman, who says she s a mother of 12, carrying a Bible through the store and yelling,  America, when are you going to wake up? It s time to take a stand and have a voice.  She calls the store s bathroom policy a  wicked practice  and says she wouldn t spend a penny there.You can see other people with her in the video, which lasts less than two minutes, and then shows them walking out.https://youtu.be/TCIYsXhR1D0Target has said that in its stores, transgender people are free to use whichever restroom they feel comfortable with. Via: Fox 8",0
13880,CLINTON PAL AND FORMER GOVERNOR: Ugly Women Won’t Vote For Trump…“There are probably more ugly women in America than attractive women”,"The Democrat s war on mostly  ugly women Former Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell believes that Donald Trump will ultimately lose the support of women because of his past comments, arguing that there are  more ugly women  in the United States than attractive women.Rendell, a former two-term governor in the Keystone State, made the remarks to the Washington Post in a piece on Trump s attempt to make inroads with suburban voters, particularly in the Philadelphia suburbs. He told the Post s Dave Weigel that for every woman he wins, he ll lose 1 1/2 or two GOP women voters. Will he have some appeal to working-class Dems in Levittown or Bristol? Sure,  Rendell told the Post.  For every one he ll lose 1 1/2 , two Republican women. Trump s comments like  You can t be a 10 if you re flat-chested,  that ll come back to haunt him. There are probably more ugly women in America than attractive women,  Rendell added.  People take that stuff personally. Wendell, also a former Democratic National Committee chairman, has long been a top surrogate for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, having supported her in her 2008 bid for the White House. Via: Washington Examiner",0
13881,TWO RICH WHITE GUYS Who Made A Fortune Selling Ice Cream To Rich People Introduce NEW FLAVOR To Highlight BLACK VOTER SUPPRESSION,"Two white guys living in a state where 96% of its residents are white, and who have become extremely wealthy by selling ice cream to the rich, want everyone to know how much they support diversity by marketing over-priced ice cream with diverse labels to more rich people Ben & Jerry s announced Tuesday that proceeds from its newest flavor of ice cream,  Empower Mint,  will help benefit the North Carolina NAACP s campaign to repeal the state s voter ID law. Ben Cohen, Jerry Greenfield and North Carolina NAACP President Rev. William Barber kicked off a voter registration drive at North Carolina Central University in Durham on Tuesday to help marshal support against a new North Carolina law requiring voters to present a photo ID before they vote.Proceeds from the sale of the new flavor will also go toward the organization s effort to get  big money donations from corporations and wealthy elites  out of politics. This flavor will benefit the North Carolina NAACP, an organization dedicated to ensuring the political, educational, social and economic equality of rights of all persons and eliminating racial hatred and discrimination,  the ice cream company wrote in a statement on its website. It just felt really good to be working with all these people here in North Carolina, who ve been struggling to get back their right to vote for them and other people of color,  said Ben Cohen.Campaigning against voter suppression is  not something we get to do in Vermont, because they re so white,  he added, chuckling. This flavor,  Jerry Greenfield said,  helps us connect with Ben & Jerry s fans  as we  work nationally on trying to help reauthorize the voting rights act. Right now we have a government that represents rich white people,  Cohen added.  That s not what s it s about. We ve got to overturn these laws. Ben & Jerry s Ice Cream was founded in 1978. Cohen and Greenfield sold the company they co-founded to British-Dutch corporation Unilever for $326 million in 2000. Via: Breitbart News",0
13882,TEXAS GOVERNOR FOR VP! Abbott Pushes Back On Obama’s Agenda Like No One Else [Video],This is a great interview with Greta on FOX! Why isn t Trump vetting Texas Governor Greg Abbott for Vice President? Listen to this strong willed conservative on how he ll push back on Obama s crooked Iran Deal We say BRAVO! ,0
13883,BEST REASONS TRUMP Is More Qualified Than Any Presidential Candidate We’ve Had In Decades,"Obama is against Trump  Check The Media are against Trump  Check The establishment Democrats are against Trump  Check The establishment Republicans are against Trump  CheckThe UN is against Trump  Check The EU is against Trump  Check China is against Trump  Check Mexico is against Trump Soros is against Trump  Check Black Lives Matter is against Trump  Check Move On is against Trump  Check Koch Brothers are against Trump  Check Bushes are against Trump   CheckPlanned Parenthood is against Trump .Check Hillary & Sanders are both against Trump   Check Illegal aliens are against Trump   Check Islam is against Trump   Check Kasich & Cruz are against Trump   Check Hateful, racist, violent Liberals are against Trump.. CheckTHAT BEING SAID It seems to us, Trump MUST BE the best candidate America has had in a very long time! If you have so many political insiders and left wing NUT CASES who are SCARED TO DEATH of Trump, how can that be a bad thing?Most of all, Trump is the People s Choice Whoopi says she will leave the country  Rosie says she will leave the country  Sharpton says he will leave the country  Gov. Brown says California will build a wall  Cher says she will leave the country  Cyrus says she will leave the country  The Constitution and the Bill of Rights will prevail . Hillary will go to jail .. The budget will be balanced in 8 years . Americans will have first choice at jobs .. You will not be able to marry your pet . You will be able to keep your gun(s) if you qualify  (Not a criminal, etc.) Only Live Human American Registered Citizens can vote . You can have and keep your own Doctor .. You can say what you want without being called a racist .Trump will make AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! After all we have no place to go, but UPThese comments were sent to us by a 100% FED Up follower. ",0
13884,HILLARY KEEPS LOSING So Why Is She Still Winning?,"If you re wondering about what s happening with the Democrats, here the lowdown. What s helping Hillary win the nomination in 2016 is exactly what helped Barack Obama beat Hillary for the nomination in 2008. Ironic, huh? The Democrats are pretty worried about what will happen at the convention when you have a fired up and pissed off group of rabid Bernie fans in one place. Riot anyone? Yes, the Dem convention could turn out to be a RIOT Hillary Clinton is not winning because of a conspiracy or wrinkle in the time-space continuum. Rather, she benefits from the rules Democrats play by. Bernie Sanders is on a roll. He s won the last two Democratic primaries and stands a good chance Tuesday of adding Oregon and perhaps Kentucky to his pile of victories.Yet Hillary Clinton is likely to continue her seemingly unstoppable march to the party s presidential nomination.How can that be?It s not a conspiracy, as some angry Sanders backers suggest, a result of dark magic or a wrinkle in the time-space continuum. Rather, it s the rules that Democrats play by   rules that now work to Clinton s advantage, even as they thwarted her candidacy eight years ago, when she lost a nominating fight to then-Sen. Barack Obama. Where do things stand in the Democratic race?It takes 2,383 delegates to win the nomination at the party s national convention this summer in Philadelphia. Entering Tuesday s contests, former Secretary of State Clinton has 2,240 delegates to Vermont Sen. Sanders  1,473.Who s won the most votes?Clinton also leads Sanders in that category. She has received more than 12.5 million votes, compared with 9.4 million for Sanders. That s a lead of more than 3 million votes, according to calculations by the website Real Clear Politics.Hillary Clinton is not winning because of a conspiracy or wrinkle in the time-space continuum. Rather, she benefits from the rules Democrats play by. With 10 contests left, is it possible for Sanders to overtake Clinton in the delegate count to win the nomination?It is theoretically possible, just as it is theoretically possible to drive from Los Angeles to San Francisco in less than two hours  provided you go 200 mph the entire way.Come again?Sanders must win close to 90% of remaining delegates to overtake Clinton. It s mathematically possible, but not realistic, given that Democrats award delegates on a proportional, rather than winner-take-all, basis. So even when a candidate   in this case Clinton   loses a contest, she won t walk away empty-handed.How does that work?Take last week s West Virginia primary. Sanders clobbered Clinton, 51% to 36%. But when delegates were divvied up, Sanders won 18 and Clinton 11. Adding in superdelegates, the results were much closer: Sanders walked away with 19 delegates and Clinton claimed 18. That means Sanders  landslide victory cut into Clinton s overall delegate lead by precisely one.What makes someone a superdelegate?They re not faster than a speeding bullet or able to leap tall buildings in a single bound. Superdelegates are those who automatically get a seat at the Philadelphia convention and have the liberty to vote for whomever they please. The overwhelming majority are supporting Clinton.Who gets to be a superdelegate?Superdelegates are elected officials and other party leaders and activists. They include sitting Democratic governors and members of Congress, past presidents and vice presidents and former chairmen of the Democratic National Committee.Why does the party have superdelegates?Because Democrats have two competing impulses. On the one hand, they fancy their party a model of inclusiveness and egalitarianism. On the other, they want to win elections.What does that have to do with superdelegates?After the party was torn asunder by the Vietnam War   some Democrats believing Vice President Hubert Humphrey had been forced down their throats as the 1968 nominee   leaders changed the nominating system to give more say to voters at the grass-roots level. But after the landslide defeat of George McGovern in 1972 and Jimmy Carter in 1980, the feeling was some recalibration was needed, leavening the will of the people with the presumed wisdom of political insiders. Hence the birth of superdelegates.How many superdelegates are there versus plain old garden-variety delegates?About 15% of Democrats are free to back whomever they wish. Clinton leads Sanders among superdelegates 524 to 40.If you subtracted superdelegates, would Sanders overtake Clinton in the delegate count?No. She would still be ahead, 1,716 to 1,433.Read more: LA Times",0
13885,“MAKE AMERICA MEXICO AGAIN”…The Movement Is Real And Organized,"There are people within the Obama administration and within the Mexican government who are fans of the movement to make America and Mexico a fluid nation. After you read the information below, we hope you ll ask your congressman why the heck we re even giving money to LaRaza! THE WHITE HOUSE TRIPLED FUNDING TO LARAZA! Cecilia Munoz is Obama s director of Domestic Policy Council. She is married to a human rights attorney, who is a  former counselor to George Soros  Open Society Institute,  which spends billions to make open borders a reality. She is a former chair of the Center for Community Change, another Soros-funded activist group. The short story is that Munoz moved to the White House from her position as a vice president at La Raza. Once she made the move, taxpayer funding of La Raza soared doubled almost tripled.It s a movement that s real and organized:A number of observers have commented on the proliferation of Mexican flags at rallies in favor of amnesty and open borders, as well as at anti-Trump demonstrations.They ve also noticed the  Make America Mexico Again  slogan showing up on signs, hats, and hashtags   supposedly as a humorous meme, but almost certainly one that exhibits more than a grain of serious intent behind it, even though such an intent would be ironic in the extreme. OBAMA GIVES $30 MILLION TO LA RAZA AFFILIATE Radical Hispanic organization known as  The Race Victor Davis Hanson, a Hoover Institution fellow, as well as a writer, historian, and keen observer of current events, put it best when he noted that,  Disrupters at a Trump rally in California likewise jumped the shark when some waved the flag of Mexico or bore placards with slogans such as  Make America Mexico Again.  If the protest was directed against Trump s pledges to deport undocumented immigrants to Mexico, then it made little sense to celebrate the country to which protesters did not wish immigrants to return, or to suggest that immigrants  new home should become identical to the old home that they had chosen to leave.  But, of course, he s being logical, and logic often has little to do with such matters.Even so, it is sobering to realize that there are organized efforts on the part of overt open borders advocates to recruit as many aliens as possible to naturalize in these last months leading up to the election, with the sole purpose of attempting to steer the election away from presumptive Republican nominee Trump and into the Democratic camp.More disturbing is that the federal government may be lending itself to this effort. It would not be the first time that a Democratic administration has used the organs of government to try to skew voter rolls by adding to them in egregious numbers before an election, and in the process steamrolling proper vetting procedures to be sure it gets done.Most disturbing of all is that the Mexican government itself has now leaped onto this same stage in a shameless attempt at interfering in an American domestic political matter of the first consequence: the election of our next leader (see here and here). If the United States were to attempt to do this in a Mexican election, we would be condemned globally in all quarters, and shouts of  !Fuera Yanquis!  (Yankees Out!) would resound from the voices of thousands of demonstrators on the streets of Mexico City.Read more: CIS",0
13886,"PUTIN Threatens To Release 20,000 “Top Secret” Emails From Hillary…Why Judge Napolitano Says This Is Very Bad News For Hillary [VIDEO]","Putin may be the one person Obama has absolutely no influence over. With Obama unable to use his Chicago thug-like political tactics on Putin, could this finally be the end of Hillary Clinton s career in politics? Hillary Clinton sits at the center of a raging firestorm concerning her arrangement of a private email account and server set up in her home   from which top secret information may have been deleted. But despite Bernie Sanders  apparent annoyance with the  damn emails,  the scandal just exponentially intensified, when Judge Andrew Napolitano revealed on Monday that Russia has possession of around 20,000 of Clinton s emails   leaving open the possibility her deletions might not have been permanent after all. There s a debate going on in the Kremlin between the Foreign Ministry and the Intelligence Services about whether they should release the 20,000 of Mrs. Clinton s emails that they have hacked into,  Napolitano told Fox News  Megyn Kelly in an interview for The Kelly File.https://youtu.be/oounggTI-jkWith Clinton s repeated claims she employed the personal email server only for mundane communications and non-sensitive State matters having been proven outright lies, the deletions of 31,830 emails   in the new context of Napolitano s statement   have suddenly become remarkably relevant.As the FBI investigation of Hillary Clinton s questionable email practices deepens, the question of who had access to what information previously located on the former secretary of state s server is now more critical than ever.One such individual, Romanian hacker Guccifer, who was abruptly extradited to the United States, revealed he had easily and repeatedly accessed Clinton s personal server   and he wasn t the only one. For me, it was easy,  the hacker, whose given name is Marcel Lehel Lazar, exclusively told Fox News;  easy for me, for everybody. If Guccifer and Napolitano are right, Russia may, indeed, have possession of highly-sensitive information courtesy of Clinton s arrogant failure to adhere to the obligation to use a government email account during her tenure as secretary   a situation worsened by the now-mendacious claim no sensitive information had been sent through the personal account.In fact, if Guccifer is to be believed   as his extradition by the U.S. indicates   news of the Kremlin having obtained potentially top-secret material may be the tip of a gargantuan iceberg. Using a readily available program, the Romanian hacker also claimed he observed  up to 10, like, IPs from other parts of the world  during sessions on Clinton s personal server. If just one of those unknown parties was connected to Russia, who the other nine might be could be central to the FBI s decision whether or not to charge Clinton for mishandling classified information.Adding yet another nail in the coffin case against Hillary on Thursday, the Hill reported conservative watchdog Judicial Watch revealed, pursuant to a Freedom of Information Act request, frustration with technical difficulties in obtaining a secure phone line led the secretary to direct a top aide to abandon the effort and call her without the necessary security in place. I give up. Call me on my home [number],  Clinton wrote in a February 2009 email from the newly-released batch   on the also notoriously unsecured server   to then-chief of staff, Cheryl Mills.Via: Zero Hedge",0
13887,SPOT ON! MARK STEYN Delivers A Dire Warning To The Never Trump Folks," Hillary is the embodiment of corruption and therefore the death of the republic  said author and political commentator Mark SteynThe brilliant Mark Steyn is always spot on in his commentary. He s one of our favorite political commentators. He sent a message to anyone even remotely considering voting for Hillary and it s a perfect assessment of what will happen if Hillary becomes president. Author and political commentator Mark Steyn is warning that a Hillary Clinton presidency would mark the beginning of the end of the republic. This is insane,  Steyn said Monday.  The Hillary Rodham Clinton presidency will be the death of the republic and the complete descent into banana republic status. His remarks came as he sat in for talk radio host Rush Limbaugh. He started first by excoriating the Clinton Foundation, which he said is a none-too-subtle slush fund by which the wealthy can access power and exert their influence. It s corrupt. It s stingily corrupt, it s obviously corrupt,  he said.  Hillary is the embodiment of corruption and therefore the death of the republic.  To decide someone on the take from Saudi princes, someone s whose managed to deliver 20 percent of U.S. uranium into control of the Russians, someone whose husband has been credibly accused of rape and flies around with a known pedophile, and yet Hillary to these guys is who they re going to be supporting in November,  he added.He also criticized conservatives, including P.J. O Rourke, who ve said they would likely vote for Clinton over presumed GOP nominee Donald Trump.Via: WE",0
13888,RUBIO Sides With Democrats On Giving A Whopping $2 Billion For Zika Virus Prevention,"Democrats want to spend a whopping $2 billion on zika virus prevention. Republicans are demanding more controls so Rubio is calling them stingy with federal dollars. Is this guy really a Republican? Just two months after running as one of the conservative candidates in the GOP presidential race, Sen. Marco Rubio is now embracing Democrats  calls to open the federal checkbook and dole out billions of dollars in money to combat the Zika virus   and tacking it onto the debt.Mr. Rubio, whose home state of Florida is at risk of a serious outbreak, is co-sponsoring legislation to fully fund President Obama s nearly $2 billion emergency spending request, and blasted his fellow Republicans for being too stingy by demanding more proof and more controls.And Mr. Rubio, who is finishing out his first term then ditching the Senate at the end of this year, said if the new spending can be offset, that s fine. But he s also fine with tacking it onto the debt and leaving it for others to pay for.  In times of public health emergencies, just like natural disasters, we shouldn t delay acting while we figure out and try to agree on what we re going to cut from other parts of the budget,  he said in a floor speech last week.Mr. Rubio gives Democrats political cover as Congress prepares to fight this week over the mosquito-borne Zika virus, which health experts say hasn t had a breakout in the U.S. yet, but fear one is looming as the summer heats up.The House GOP released its own plan Monday that would allocate $622 million toward Zika, taking the money from existing Ebola money and elsewhere.Read more: WT",0
13889,WATCH HILLARY CLINTON’S LONG LOST Cringe Inducing Spoof Of Forrest Gump [Video],"IN 1995, HILLARY CLINTON ASSUMED HER COMEDY WAS PRETTY HILARIOUS IT WASN T: ",0
13890,AMERICA’S WORST FEAR: How Our Punishing President Will Harm America In His Final Months If Trump Wins,"This nightmare could have all been prevented if America was able to look past their unwarranted white guilt  for one second, and realize they were electing a second rate community agitator, with sealed records and a questionable birth certificate If Donald Trump wins the Republican nomination and defeats likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in November, President Obama will sabotage the economy in his final months in office, predicts talk-radio host Michael Savage. If Trump wins   and I think he will   there will be an economic crash,  Savage told listeners of his nationally syndicated show,  The Savage Nation,  Monday. The reason I say that is not because of his policies, but because of what Obama will do on the way out the door. Savage said that if anyone thinks that a President Trump will be able to easily  turn this huge ship around, you don t know much about navigation in turbulent waters. Wait until you see what happens in the last few months if Trump wins,  Savage said. Wait until you see what that nice guy in the White House does. (Federal Reserve Chairman Janet) Yellen ups interest rates, Obama and his band of unmerry pranksters   Sharpton and company  unleash the mobs,  Savage said.  (George) Soros makes a last-ditch effort to distract Trump and the new Justice Department from currency manipulation and other financial games he may have been playing. Spends tens of millions on social agitation. Obama floods the U.S. with Central Americans, Syrians and Africans, mainly Muslim, mainly young males, and grants pardons to 10,000 more Central American drug dealers,  Savage continued. Let s see what else might these decent Americans do? Release a few more billion pork barrel  green  projects? You can guess! Prior to his remarks about Obama s final days in office, Savage told his listeners he believed Trump would defeat Clinton in a landslide, describing the former secretary of state, senator and first lady as  Fidel Castro in a dress. Savage cited the new Rasmussen poll of likely voters showing Trump with a 41-39 lead over Clinton nationally. And this is only an early poll,  Savage noted on his show Monday.  I said a long time ago that when it comes down to Trump vs. Clinton, he would win by a landslide, 60-40, 59-41, something like that. No matter how many illegal aliens Obama tried to flood into this country, Trump will win by a landslide,  he said.In February, Savage warned that the banking deregulation under the Bill Clinton administration that led to the 2008 recession appears to be on the verge of impacting the economy again. We re being set up for an economic meltdown similar to the one that triggered the Great Depression,  he said.This time, however, Savage continued,  it s going to occur on a global scale, and it s unlikely that we ll be able to recover within even the next several decades, once it happens. For entire story: WND ",0
13891,WATCH: FORMER TRUMP GIRLFRIEND Sets The Record Straight After NYT’s TWISTS Her Remarks To Make Trump Appear Disrespectful To Women,"It s interesting how much vitriol some women harbor for successful men who date beautiful women, as though it s somehow evil  and mysoginist to date beautiful women. If Trump only dated unattractive women would that somehow make him a better candidate? One of the women quoted in a New York Times article headlined  Crossing the Line: How Donald Trump Behaved With Women in Private  is pushing back Monday and saying that she was taken out of context and Trump never made her feel uncomfortable.The piece   which was published Saturday   begins with the line  Donald J. Trump had barely met Rowanne Brewer Lane when he asked her to change out of her clothes. It then continues with a scene illustrated by Brewer Lane about a 1990 pool party at Trump s Florida beach club. He suddenly took me by the hand, and he started to show me around the mansion. He asked me if I had a swimsuit with me. I said no. I hadn t intended to swim. He took me into a room and opened drawers and asked me to put on a swimsuit. But Brewer Lane disputed the way she is portrayed Monday in an interview with Fox & Friends. The New York Times told us several times that they would make sure my story that I was telling came across, they promised several times that they would do it accurately, they told me several times and my manager several times that it would not be a hit piece and that my story would come across the way that I was telling it and honestly and it absolutely was not,  Brewer Lane said.  They did take quotes from what I said and they put a negative connotation on it. They spun it to where it appeared negative. I did not have a negative experience with Donald Trump. Brewer Lane dated Trump and said that the presumptive Republican nominee  never made me feel like I was being demeaned in any way, he never offended me in any way. WATCH HERE:  Obviously they feel like they need to do something to make him look bad or go along with their article,  Brewer Lane said. Why do you think the left   the mainstream media   is so obsessed with just creating this headline about how Donald Trump treats women?  host Ainsley Earhardt asked. I don t know. I think that they re just reaching for straws,  Brewer Lane said, adding that her manager has reached out to the reporter to say they would be telling her side of the story. Via: USA TodayHere is Trump s reply to the New York Times  hit piece :Everyone is laughing at the @nytimes for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 15, 2016Trump also replied to Brewer on Twitter, thanking her for letting the public know the truth, and about how the NYT s twisted her:That was an amazing interview on @foxandfriends   I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the @nytimes is!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 16, 2016 ",0
13892,LOL! UN Refugee Spokes-Celebrity ANGELINA JOLIE Admonishes U.S. For “Undermining International Law” By Resisting Flow Of Muslim Refugees,"Great advice from a woman who has 24-7 security and lives in an imaginary world. Her life and the life of her children will likely never be affected by a  rapefugee  or terrorist who is greeted with open arms by naive leftists Angelina Jolie Pitt, the UN refugee agency s special envoy, has warned that the international humanitarian system for refugees is breaking down.Ms Jolie Pitt has been speaking as part of the BBC s World on the Move day of coverage of global migration issues.She warned against a  fear of migration  and a  race to the bottom  as countries competed to be the toughest to protect themselves.Earlier, the UNHCR s head said the refugee crisis was now a global issue.UN High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi told the BBC that simply turning migrants away  won t work .She warned that amid a  fear of uncontrolled migration  there was a  risk of a race to the bottom, with countries competing to be the toughest, in the hope of protecting themselves whatever the cost or challenge to their neighbours, and despite their international responsibilities .Isolationism was not the answer, she said, adding:  If your neighbor s house is on fire you are not safe if you lock your doors. Strength lies in being unafraid. Such policies would lead to an even greater set of problems, she said. It would amount to the worst of both worlds: failing to tackle the issue and undermining international law and our values in the process. Urging the world to rally together, she said:  Whether we succeed will help define this century  the alternative is chaos. Click here for entire story and video : BBC",0
13893,SINS OF SOCIALISM…Doctors Pumping Air Into Infants Lungs By Hand…No Antibiotics…Children Die In Filthy Venezuelan Hospitals,"Only the strongest will survive in the dog-eat-dog world of Socialism. This is the result of a society that believed the government is more capable of running their lives than they are. This is Bernie s world. This is the reality of the utopia Bernie has been promising his supporters. These are the same policies Hillary is promising she ll support if she s able to escape federal prosecution before the election. By morning, three newborns were already dead.The day had begun with the usual hazards: chronic shortages of antibiotics, intravenous solutions, even food. Then a blackout swept over the city, shutting down the respirators in the maternity ward.Doctors kept ailing infants alive by pumping air into their lungs by hand for hours. By nightfall, four more newborns had died. The death of a baby is our daily bread,  said Dr. Osleidy Camejo, a surgeon in the nation s capital, Caracas, referring to the toll from Venezuela s collapsing hospitals.The economic crisis in this country has exploded into a public health emergency, claiming the lives of untold numbers of Venezuelans. It is just part of a larger unraveling here that has become so severe it has prompted President Nicol s Maduro to impose a state of emergency and has raised fears of a government collapse.Hospital wards have become crucibles where the forces tearing Venezuela apart have converged. Gloves and soap have vanished from some hospitals. Often, cancer medicines are found only on the black market. There is so little electricity that the government works only two days a week to save what energy is left.At the University of the Andes Hospital in the mountain city of M rida, there was not enough water to wash blood from the operating table. Doctors preparing for surgery cleaned their hands with bottles of seltzer water. It is like something from the 19th century,  said Dr. Christian Pino, a surgeon at the hospital.The figures are devastating. The rate of death among babies under a month old increased more than a hundredfold in public hospitals run by the Health Ministry, to just over 2 percent in 2015 from 0.02 percent in 2012, according to a government report provided by lawmakers.The rate of death among new mothers in those hospitals increased by almost five times in the same period, according to the report.This nation has the largest oil reserves in the world, yet the government saved little money for hard times when oil prices were high. Now that prices have collapsed   they are around a third what they were in 2014   the consequences are casting a destructive shadow across the country. Lines for food, long a feature of life in Venezuela, now erupt into looting. The bol var, the country s currency, is nearly worthless.The crisis is aggravated by a political feud between Venezuela s leftists, who control the presidency, and their rivals in congress. The president s opponents declared a humanitarian crisis in January, and this month passed a law that would allow Venezuela to accept international aid to prop up the health care system. This is criminal that we can sit in a country with this much oil, and people are dying for lack of antibiotics,  says Oneida Guaipe, a lawmaker and former hospital union leader.But Mr. Maduro, who succeeded Hugo Ch vez, went on television and rejected the effort, describing the move as a bid to undermine him and privatize the hospital system. I doubt that anywhere in the world, except in Cuba, there exists a better health system than this one,  Mr. Maduro said.For entire story: NYT sMuch like the drooling college students who are turning out by the tens of thousands to  Bernie Sanders rally s in the United States, the citizens of Venezuela elected the controversial Nicolas Maduro as their president, and now they are paying a very heavy price.  BBC  While he lacks the magnetism followers of Mr Chavez attributed to the late president, he is a commanding figure in Venezuela, and not just because of his stature of (6ft 3in).Derided as a poor copy of his mentor, Mr Maduro has not been ousted by the opposition or by rivals in his own party, as some had predicted when he was elected in April 2013.However, he has failed to win over the opposition after sticking very closely to the fiery rhetoric of Mr Chavez.Tough stance His government s tough approach to mass anti-government protests in the first half of 2014 and the jailing of thousands of demonstrators prompted criticism from human rights groups and sanctions from the United States.His opponents paint him as a ruthless despot who detains his political rivals on overly harsh charges pressed by a judiciary under his party s control, while his followers say he is protecting the country from another coup.But with oil prices plummeting below $50 ( 33) a barrel, Mr Maduro s approval rating has been falling, too.Venezuela s economy is almost entirely reliant on its oil exports and the president is facing a severe economic crisis as well as a hostile opposition.And with financing for the government s generous social programs in jeopardy, some are questioning how committed those who voted for Mr Maduro really are to the socialist cause and their leader. ",0
13894,"CITY OF CHICAGO Forcing Out Homeless Veterans Group To Make Space For Restaurants, Shops Around New “Obama Presidential Center”","There is no reason to believe the welfare of our veterans would be a priority for Obama after he leaves office, considering they were never a priority for the 8 years he occupied the White House.A charity group that helps homeless military veterans on Chicago s South Side says the city is trying to take control of the meager facility to make way for the restaurants, shops and other commercial venues that would complement the proposed Obama presidential library and museum.Group leaders said the RTW Veterans Center is the last privately-owned property on a stretch of S. King Boulevard near the proposed Washington Park site for the Barack Obama Presidential Center and that city building inspectors unexpectedly arrived last April to find an overwhelming 32 code violations at the facility. We don t appreciate being muscled out and put in the situation of having to negotiate from a position of despair,  facility center Director Jah Ranu Menab told FoxNews.com on Saturday.Menab thinks the University of Chicago, which is working with the Obama Foundation to bring the presidential center to the South Side, is also part of an apparent effort to ultimately force the facility into receivership.The fate of the veterans  facility   which officials say serves more than 3,000 meals monthly   may well be decided Tuesday, when officials return to Cook County Circuit Court for a hearing on the efforts to fix the building s problems.Menab admits that the facility is in disrepair, with some violations related to a fire hazard, rats  nests and raw sewage flowing onto the basement floor.However, he says the situation, which includes fines of $16,000 daily, looks like an attempted  land grab  and that the prestigious university, where Obama was a law professor,  exerts a tremendous amount of influence  over the city and its future.The university strongly denies any involvement in the city s dealings with the center and its building and on Friday issued the following statement: The mission of providing support for veterans is extremely important, and numerous University of Chicago community members have volunteered their time at the RTW Veterans Center. The university is not engaged in discussions regarding the center s property and has no plans to purchase it. Veterans  center co-founder Daniel  Doc  Habeel, a Vietnam War veteran, acknowledged Saturday that people associated with the university have indeed volunteered time. But he also expressed uncertainty about the university s involvement. The not-for-profit facility, which receives no government funding, cited in a press release Wednesday a history of building inspectors in other places forcing a worn-out building into receivership so a prospective developer is  eventually able to acquire the property without having to negotiate. The city says the fines are not being enforced and that the case landed in court because numerous 311 calls led inspectors to visit the facility, where they learned about the severity of the problems, including a structurally unsafe porch. Via: FOX News ",0
13895,ALL OUT BRAWL! BERNIE/HILLARY DELEGATES GO AT IT: ‘We need a medic!’ [Video],"WOW! IT WAS AN ALL OUT BRAWL AT THE NV DEM CONVENTION: The Hill Reported: Tensions were high at the Democratic convention in Nevada Saturday, with Bernie Sanders supporters demanding delegate recounts, booing Sen. Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.) and causing other disruptions, according to local media reports. Keep on booing and boo yourself out of this election .we had our Nevada caucus and Hillary Clinton won,    BarbaraBoxer Sanders supporters were angry over a voice vote that adopted a set of temporary convention rules as the permanent rules, according to the Las Vegas Sun.And supporters also reacted angrily to the count of delegates attending the convention, which put Hillary Clinton at an advantage. Final numbers announced later in the day showed 1,695 Clinton supporters in attendance to Sanders s 1,662. The focus has been all on the Trump/Third Party situation but the Bernie/Hillary situation is what the press might want to focus on an all out brawl happened at the NV Dem Convention. Here s a little sample of just how ugly it got: FIGHT BREAKS OUT - CALL A MEDIC!  Fight just broke out. Someone got their credentials snatched pic.twitter.com/RnDSMxaiI4  Laura Martin (@LauraKMM) May 14, 2016 ",0
13896,"Oscar Winning Actress JENNIFER LAWRENCE Recalls Attending Same Concert As Trump: “I was adamant on finding him and then making a video of me going, ‘Hey Trump, f*ck you!’” [VIDEO]","These leftist actors are so darn funny. You know what isn t funny? They never mention the 4 Americans Hillary left to die in Benghazi. They never mention that she has put our nation and the national security of our nation at risk with her personal unsecured email server. You know what else isn t funny? That they never mention the person they re supporting, because she has a vagina and a  D  after her name, has been under criminal investigation for most of her adult life. But let s hear how funny it is that some nit-wit actress who is supported by the general public (not just Democrats) wanted to track down Trump to make a video attempting to humiliate him. I m actually sorry she never found him, it would ve been an amazing career ending move. The 25-year-old Oscar-winning actress joined fellow actors Johnny Depp and James McAvoy on the Graham Norton Show Friday night, where she revealed that she once attended a concert at which the Republican presidential frontrunner was also present. I was at a concert that I heard he was attending, so I had my full security, I was like,  Find Donald Trump,  Lawrence told Norton.  Because I was adamant on finding him and then making a video of me going,  Hey Trump, f*ck you! I wouldn t rest until he was found,  the actress continued over the audience s enthusiastic applause.  He knew I was looking for him. WATCH:Meanwhile, Depp told Norton about his experience playing Trump in left-wing comedy website Funny or Die s Art of the Deal movie in February, and even offered up some on-the-spot impressions of the GOP candidate. Both Lawrence and Depp have predicted apocalyptic disaster if the Republican presidential hopeful were to win in November.During a red carpet appearance at the premiere of his latest film Alice Through the Looking Glass earlier this week, Depp said that a President Trump would be America s  last president. If Donald Trump is elected president of the United States of America, in a kind of historical way it s exciting,  Depp said,  because we will see the actual last president of the United States. Via: Breitbart News",0
13897,CAN SOMEONE PLEASE EXPLAIN How This Fairly Accurate Cartoon Is “Racist”?,"Perhaps a little  trigger warning  therapy is in order?A cartoonist has been accused of racism after he portrayed Michelle Obama as masculine and butch next to a pageant-ready Melania Trump in a controversial drawing.#InTrumpsAmerica The #FirstLady will be Great Again! #Trump2016 https://t.co/2FGmMQ1bBo pic.twitter.com/g2SOBjFXSI  BenGarrison Cartoons (@GrrrGraphics) May 13, 2016The cartoon   which has been branded  racist and misogynistic    shows a muscular Mrs Obama wearing a green dress with a bulge in the groin area.Stood next to her is a feminine, smiling Melania Trump in a pink dress and holding a Trump sign.  DMHere are some of the reactions to the CARTOON on Twitter:The artist Ben Garrison tweeted the picture on Friday with the caption:  #InTrumpsAmerica The #FirstLady will be Great Again! #Trump2016. the zombies are calling it ""racist"" and ""body shaming""! hahah you triggered them good!!!  Mark Dice (@MarkDice) May 15, 2016And finally, here is artist Ben Garrison s awesome response to trigger warning, safe space, racist social media warriors:It's called satire folks-American politicalcartoons have a long tradition of lampooning those in office #DealWithIt pic.twitter.com/oyC2K6T7RZ  BenGarrison Cartoons (@GrrrGraphics) May 14, 2016And finally, he created this epic cartoon in response to the anger he inspired from Leftists on Twitter:Thank U to all the many,many new followers-0 unfollows! Here's a #cartoon for the triggered #crybullies #DealWithIt pic.twitter.com/MoCaMD30l0  BenGarrison Cartoons (@GrrrGraphics) May 14, 2016 ",0
13898,"OBAMA INVITES David Letterman, Will Ferrell And Other Leftist Celebrities To Extravagant Nordic State Dinner For Purpose Of Sending “Strong Message” To Putin","In typical Obama fashion, the extravagant tax-payer funded Nordic state dinner looked more like an after-party for the Academy Awards than a state function. How is anyone supposed to take this ass-clown seriously when he has turned our White House into a playground for the  who s who  in the Hollywood Communist party? But then again, nothing Obama does is for the good of our country, it always has been, and will continue to be, all about him until he and his sorry excuse for a family exit the White House. I m sure the sight of pop singer Demi Lovato and comedian Aziz Ansar with Nordic leaders at the White House left Putin shaking in his boots President Obama and the First Lady have welcomed five Nordic leaders to the White House for a lavish state dinner after earlier putting on a show of unity against Vladimir Putin s recent military aggression in the Baltics.The Obamas first welcomed Icelandic Prime Minister Sigurdur Ingi Johannsson   who has only been in charge of his country for a month   and his wife Ingibjorg Elsa Ingjaldsdottir as they arrived at the North Portico of the White House.They were swiftly followed by the prime ministers of Sweden, Finland, Denmark and Norway, who were also invited to the unusual   if a little crowded   meeting.The dinner will send a strong statement to Russia, who the five heads of state earlier slammed for its military buildup   including the buzzing of a U.S. warship near Kaliningrad   as they called for economic sanctions against Moscow to be maintained.Here s a peak into the Academy Awards after party Nordic State dinner. True to our divisive President s nature, there wasn t a single Republican invited to the affair.More than 300 guests   including actor Will Ferrell, David Letterman and former NBA star Alonzo Mourning   were invited to the dinner.Ferrell, who attended the dinner with his Swedish wife, Vivica Paulin, said it was his first time at the White House.  I hope we don t do anything wrong,  he joked.Also expected are Girls actress Allison Williams, Scandal star Bellamy Young, singer Janelle Monae and former Victoria s Secret model Miranda Kerr, as well as a smattering of Nordic celebrities. Several Democratic lawmakers were on the guest list, but no Republicans   a possible sign that Obama s efforts to win over his political rivals are waning as the end of his presidency nears.Via: Daily Mail",0
13899,A MUST WATCH! “HILLARY’S AMERICA” – TRAILER,WOW! What are the Democrats hiding? Watch the just-released trailer for  Hillary s America: The Secret History Of The Democratic Party.  ,0
13900,WHOA! Why Is Our Classless President Following Porn Sites On Twitter?,"Just another classless act in the life of  President  Barack Obama President Obama s Twitter account, which is run by his  Organizing for Action  staff, follows 636,000 accounts. Many of them you might expect: Michelle Obama, Joe Biden, John Kerry. Even Mariah Carey and Snoop Dogg don t really raise an eyebrow. But several accounts on the presidential follow list fit a different theme: Asa Akira, a porn star who has 653,000 followers and, in her Twitter bio, states  I have an award-winning asshole.  Joanna Angel (390,000 followers), who describes herself as a  multiple award winning punk porno princess;  Penthouse Pet Of The Year Nikki Benz (808,000 followers); and Ashley Steel (138,000 followers), who writes that she is a  Porn Star, Doggy mama, Happiness Junkie, XXX Model, Buddhist, & Total nerd. So why is the official Twitter account for the president of the United States publicly following adult movie stars? Of course, American porn stars are just as American (and just as worthy of the President s ear) as anyone else, but this interaction is nonetheless an unusual move for an elected official s campaign-managed social media account.Neither the Organizing for Action campaign nor the White House immediately responded to a request for comment. A spokesperson for Joe Rospars, Obama s principal digital strategist for both presidential campaigns, said that he was not available to comment.The current presidential candidates seemed to have been more intentional about their follow lists, if for no other reason than that Twitter had blocked auto-following before the start of their 2016 campaigns. Nikki Benz, Penthouse s 2011  Pet Of The Year,  has followed Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton, and Donald Trump. None of them have followed back. Via: Fast Company ",0
13901,SNEAK PEEK: Donald Trump Sits Down With Megyn Kelly: “You know it’s not a cocktail party” [Video],Megyn Kelly is her usual Trump bashing self in this Sneak Peek of her interview with The Donald: ,0
13902,"BAHAHA! HILLARY SAYS She Wants A Border Fence, But Not A Wall [Video]",Hillary Clinton thinks as most  progressives  do if you change the name of something then it s not so bad. Like commie was changed to progressive LOL! This video is hysterical because it s of Jorge Ramos trying to nail Hillary on the FACT that she voted for a border fence. She s so damn delusional that she actually thinks by changing the term that she can lie her way out of this sticky question. This is a classic! ,0
13903,WOLF IN SHEEP’S CLOTHING: Katie Couric Would Like Americans To Know That Gun Owners Actually WANT Gun Control,"Beware of morning talk show hosts turned  news  personalities. The Katie Couric s and Matt Lauer s of the world are some of the most radical and dangerous propagandists in the media today. We are unknowingly  being fed gun control with a cherry on top, while most Americans don t even realize the leftist drivel they re being fed During a May 13 appearance on NBC s Today, Katie Couric previewed her upcoming gun control documentary by claiming a  silent majority  of gun owners want more gun control.Couric said these things during an interview conducted by Matt Lauer, who began the interview by countering FBI statistics and claiming mass shootings are on the rise. In September 2014, the FBI released a highly politicized study claiming a rise in mass shootings, only to have the authors of the study recant months later and admit they created data to make the study outcome fit a preconceived conclusion.Yet Lauer claimed mass shootings are on the rise, and Couric played along without hesitation. In fact, she built on Lauer s mass shootings comment to suggest more gun control is needed, and a  silent majority  of gun owners support it.Couric said:Ninety percent of the public really favors universal background checks. And after Sandy Hook, everyone thought this was a watershed moment, something would be done. And then when Manchin/Toomey died in the Senate, I couldn t understand the disconnect between public opinion and our elected officials.So Couric undertook a gun control documentary,  Under the Gun,  and says that in interviewing people for the film, she came to the conclusion that the NRA really does not speak for the majority of gun owners. She said,  The NRA only represents five percent of gun owners, so there s this huge silent majority, and they represent common ground. For entire story: Breitbart News ",0
13904,UPDATE: 12 STATES NOW Giving Obama Middle Finger On UNLAWFUL Transgender Bathroom Decree,"Only 38 states to go. Obama is going to do more damage to the fabric of America in his final 7 months in office than any other President in history The ink was barely dry on President Obama s guidance regarding gender-neutral bathrooms   the administration told U.S. public schools on Friday to let transgender students use bathrooms and locker rooms according to gender identity   when opposing voices started shouting.And at least 7 of those voices in 6 states so far belonged to high-ranking state officials, beginning with North Carolina, where HB2 brought the controversy to the forefront:North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory (R)   Says the U.S. Justice Department is displaying  overreach  by warning legal action and withholding federal funds unless HB2 which limits bathroom/locker room use to the gender on an individual s birth certificate is scrapped.Texas Governor Greg Abbott (R)   Has declared that he will be working closely with North Carolina s governor in opposing the federal guideline.I announced today that Texas is fighting this. Obama can't rewrite the Civil Rights Act. He's not a King. #tcot https://t.co/vDgfQPZXjR  Greg Abbott (@GregAbbott_TX) May 13, 2016Texas Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick (R)   Has stated that Texas does not want any  dirty money  tied to policies that amount to extortion:Texas Lt. Gov. @DanPatrick on Obama administration guidance on transgender bathrooms: ""We will not be blackmailed"" https://t.co/28tFsicoo8  CNN Newsroom (@CNNnewsroom) May 13, 2016Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson (R)   Advised schools in his state to ignore the guidance:As Gov., I recommend that school districts disregard @POTUS's  guidance  on gender identification in schools. >> https://t.co/mFxgtOcbml  Gov. Asa Hutchinson (@AsaHutchinson) May 13, 2016Alabama Attorney General Luther Strange (R)   Says the issue should be decided by parents, teachers, and principals not by federal bureaucrats.Alabama AG Luther Strange vows to fight 'absurd' Obama order on transgender school bathrooms https://t.co/VnCUcZ6jSz  AL.com (@aldotcom) May 13, 2016Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin (R)   Released a statement saying that the federal government had no authority to interfere in local school districts  bathroom policies.Our statement regarding Obama's proposed bathroom rules for public schools: https://t.co/50Zg6PqXOY  Matt Bevin (@MattBevin) May 13, 2016Missouri Lieutenant Governor Peter Kinder (R)   Released a statement saying that Obama was abusing his power, and that America needs guidance and prayer.Via: Independent JournalUPDATE: Six more states have joined in protest against Obama s unlawful transgender bathroom decree, they are: West Virginia, Arizona, Kansas, Nebraska, Utah, and Maine. The number of states who will fight back will certainly increase, as the public becomes more and more active, contacting their legislators and governors, demanding they stand up to King Obama. ",0
13905,HILLARY APPROVED? BILL CLINTON Ditched Secret Service On Several Trips To Exotic Locations On PEDOPHILE PLANE,"We all know Bill Clinton is a sexual predator. The big question now is, how much Hillary knew about his disgusting sexual trysts with his good buddy, Jeffrey Epstein who apparently had a thing for underage girls? Bill Clinton spent enough time aboard disgraced Wall Street mogul Jeffrey Epstein s  Lolita Express  airplane that he should be eligible for frequent flyer miles, according to a shocking new report that reveals how often the former U.S. president road along with with the convicted sex offender.Flight logs reviewed by Fox News show Clinton took 26 trips aboard Epstein s Boeing 727 jet, more than double the 11 flights previously known. Epstein s jet was reportedly set up with a bed where guests had group sex with young girls. One of them, Virginia Giuffre, has claimed she was lured into joining Epstein s harem when she was just 15 years old and was then known as Virginia Roberts. The former teen prostitute has said she was used as a  sex slave. Roberts, 32, has claimed she saw Clinton in 2002 on an Epstein junket to St. Thomas in the U.S. Virgin Islands.But according to Fox, flight logs don t show the former president aboard a flight headed there. St. Thomas has a landing strip long enough to accommodate the jet. The logs do show the former president jetting to such exotic locales as Brunei, Norway, Russia, Singapore, Hong Kong, Japan, the Azores, Africa, Belgium, China, New York, and Belgium   all on Epstein s plane. Traveling with Epstein was New York socialite Ghislaine Maxwell, whom Roberts has accused of pimping her out. If nothing else, Clinton brought protection. Flight logs filed with the Federal Aviation Administration show Clinton brought as many as 10 U.S. Secret Service agents along with him on some trips. But a journey to Asia in 2002 didn t list any Secret Service protection. As a former president, Clinton still gets a taxpayer-funded security detail for life. The cable network reported that Clinton would have been required to file an official form to leave his protective forces behind, although the Secret Service hasn t responded to formal document requests. Epstein pleaded guilty to soliciting a minor for prostitution in 2008, and served just 18 months in jail for the offense despite outrage from victims advocates.The Palm Beach, Florida police and the FBI both investigated charges that Epstein consorted with underage girls used for prostitution. Court documents show that police found a  clear indication that Epstein s staff was frequently working to schedule multiple young girls between the ages of 12 and 16 years old literally every day, often two or three times per day.  One victim said under oath that Epstein molested her at least 50 times, beginning when she was 13. She said she and other girls were lured to Epstein s home with promises of hundreds of dollars for modeling or for massaging him.Read more: Daily Mail",0
13906,"BREAKING BOMBSHELL: Blonde Clinton Neighbor, Dubbed The “Energizer” Gets $2 MILLION From Clinton “Charity”","Here s how Donald Trump reacted Donald Trump reacted Friday to a report that the Clinton Global Foundation provided millions to a power company partly owned by a rich, blond divorcee by saying that people have been whispering about her possible romantic ties to Bill Clinton for a long time.The  commitment  to Julie Tauber McMahon s firm from the Clinton Global Initiative was placed on its 2010 conference agenda at Clinton s urging, the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday.The initiative  commits $2 million to support the work of Energy Pioneer Solutions, a company founded to deliver energy savings to communities in rural America,  said a 2010 statement from the charity. People have been talking about this for years. I have no idea what went on. I certainly don t,  the presumptive GOP presidential nominee said on  Fox & Friends. According to a report in The Wall Street Journal, the Clinton Global Initiative doled out $2 million to Energy Pioneer Solutions, which is partly owned by Julie Tauber McMahon.The fit, blond mother of three, who lives just minutes from Bill and Hillary Clinton s home in Chappaqua, West chester, is the daughter of Joel Tauber, a millionaire donor to the Democratic Party.McMahon, 54, is rumored to be the woman dubbed  Energizer  by the Secret Service at the Clinton home because of her frequent visits, according to RadarOnline.Secret Service agents were even given special instructions to abandon usual protocol when the woman came by, according to journalist Ronald Kessler s tell-all book,  The First Family Detail. You don t stop her, you don t approach her, you just let her go in,  says the book, based on agents  accounts. Energizer  is described in the book as a charming visitor who sometimes brought cookies to the agents.The book describes one sun-drenched afternoon when agents took notice of the woman s revealing attire. It was a warm day, and she was wearing a low-cut tank top, and as she leaned over, her breasts were very exposed,  an agent is quoted in the book as saying. Energizer  reportedly timed her arrivals and departures around Hillary Clinton s schedule.When asked about whether there should be a probe into money directed from the foundation   a charity   to the company, Trump said:  Well, I assume you put the word  charity  in quotes. The interviewer, who cited the New York Post s cover story, told Trump that Clinton helped steer an $812,000 federal grant to the company through then-Energy Secretary Steven Chu.The interviewer also pointed out that  nonprofits are not supposed to act in anyone s private interests. For entire story: NYP ",0
13907,POLICE CALLED TO GRISLY MURDER SCENE: Find Decapitated Blow Up Sex Doll In City Overrun By Muslim Immigrants,"Better a blow-up doll than an actual citizen, in the city of L beck, Germany where the Muslim migrant population has exploded.Police were called out on Wednesday to the scene of what seemed to be a grisly murder. But they were soon able to put the finder s mind to rest.It must have been quite the shock.A street cleaner in the picturesque town of L beck near Germany s Baltic coast called police early on Wednesday morning to tell them he had found a female corpse lying on the street next to a paper recycling container.The lifeless body was wrapped in a blanket with a foot jutting out of one end.Officers from L beck s 2nd police district jumped into action, rushing to the scene as fast as they could. After more exact criminal observation, it was ascertained that we were dealing with a so-called sex toy which had no head,  the police report reveals. Via: Local de",0
13908,[Video] DUMB AND DUMBER Star BASHES TRUMP…Use Worst Examples Of Female Leaders To PROMOTE Hillary,"Jeff Daniels channels his role as ACN s  Will McAvoy  from HBO s  The Newsroom  to respond to question about Trump vs Hillary. The only problem with Daniels answer is, he s using two embarrassingly incompetent female leaders in current times to support his belief that America is  ready  for a woman (Hillary) President.In the video, actor Jeff Daniels mentions German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Germany has lost their patience with  open borders  Merkel, as she continues to put citizens of Germany at risk by allowing over 1 million mostly male, Muslim refugees to flood the nation of Germany. A poll published on Tuesday shows that just under two-thirds of Germans do not want Merkel to run for office again in elections next year.  He also references Brazil s female President Dilma Rousseff as a  success  story that America should look at when considering electing a female President. Here s the latest breaking story on Brazil s female President: Brazil s once-lauded model of leftist government appeared to come to an abrupt end Thursday, when lawmakers suspended President Dilma Rousseff in an extraordinary repudiation of her administration and the Workers  Party that has ruled the country for 13 years.Vice President Michel Temer quickly assumed control of Latin America s largest country, signaling that he will take Brazil in a more free-market-friendly direction in an attempt to shore up its sagging economy and win over a skeptical public. A member of the centrist PMDB party, Temer introduced a conservative-leaning, all-male cabinet Thursday that swings Brazil toward the right.Hey Jeff, thanks for proving to your fans that you re really not acting in your  Dumb and Dumber  movies:For anyone who thinks Jeff Daniels is just  acting  in the video above, watch Daniels share his views on our Second Amendment with over-the-top gun-control advocate Piers Morgan here:",0
13909,"BLACK LIVES MATTER ACTIVIST, Erica Garner Makes Campaign Ad For SANDERS [VIDEO]…OOPS! Bernie’s Support For INSANE TAXES Killed Her Dad","TAXES really do kill people. Eric Garner is a perfect example. This tragedy happened on Donald Trump s home turf, if his campaign was on top of their game, they d be all over this Ahead of the Pennsylvania primary Bernie Sanders was asked about Philadelphia s proposed soda tax during a recent interview with  Meet The Press . Hillary Clinton favors the tax but Bernie opposes it because he says it taxes the poor who are already struggling enough. Chuck Todd didn t buy that answer and pressed Sanders to explain why he opposes the soda tax but favors cigarette taxes (which are much, much higher). Bernie explained that he thinks  cigarettes are different than soda  and that  there s almost a question as to why [cigarettes]remain a legal product in this country . Apparently, Bernie Sanders doesn t realize that the cigarette taxes he favors are what got Eric Garner killed.Unfortunately, Chuck Todd didn t catch that statement and moved on to other topics. He should have jumped on it given that it s quite the hypocritical line coming from someone trying to gain the support of the Black Lives Matter movement. Bernie Sanders even has the support of Eric Garner s own daughter who starred in a three minute campaign ad just a couple months previous.One wonders whether or not Erica Garner approves of Bernie Sanders  support of the cigarette taxes that killed her father.Recall that Eric Garner was accused of selling un-taxed cigarettes in New York City. The Federal government already imposes a $1.01 tax, which the New York state government adds a $4.35 tax to, and the New York City government tacked another $1.50 onto. That brings the total cigarette tax in New York City to more than $6.85 cents which is more than the cost of the cigarettes themselves. These excessively high taxes that Bernie Sanders supports double the price of pack of cigarettes and creates a black market for un-taxed cigarettes.It was this black market that Eric Garner was accused of taking part in. Un-taxed cigarettes are a lucrative business in New York City and account for tens of millions of dollars in sales. Many people try to make a living selling these un-taxed cigarettes as Eric Garner was allegedly doing when he was stopped by the police.Situations like this are the inevitable result of high taxes. If people refuse to pay taxes this is how they will be enforced. People with guns will show up. People will die.Via: A Libertarian Future ",0
13910,BOYCOTT! AMAZON’S JEFF BEZOS Hires 20 To Take Down Trump…Trump Fires Back! [Video],"Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos is using the Washington Post and a team of 20  diggers  to take down Donald Trump. Bezos bought the Washington Post and is using it to dig up dirt on Trump to prevent him from being president. Trump responds in the video below:  He s using the Washington Post for power so that politicians in Washington don t tax Amazon like they should be taxed  He s using that for political power against me and against other people. And I tell you what, we can t let him get away with it  What he s doing is wrong.   Donald Trump  ",0
13911,CONGRESSMAN WRITES TELL-ALL BOOK: “I seldom read any bills I vote on.”,"A Congressman decided to come clean about what really goes on in DC and it s not pretty. For one thing, he never read anything he voted on A new book threatens to blow the lid off of Congress as a federal legislator s tell-all book lays out the worst parts of serving in the House of Representatives   saying that his main job is to raise money for re-election and that leaves little time for reading the bills he votes on.Mill City Press, a small Minnesota-based  vanity press  publisher describes  The Confessions of Congressman X  as  a devastating inside look at the dark side of Congress as revealed by one of its own.   No wonder Congressman X wants to remain anonymous for fear of retribution. His admissions are deeply disturbing.  The 84-page expos  is due in bookstores in two weeks, and Washington is abuzz with speculation about who may be behind it. The book, a copy of which DailyMail.com has seen, discloses that the congressman is a Democrat   but not much else. The anonymous spleen-venter has had a lot to say about his constituents, however. Robert Atkinson, a former chief of staff and press secretary for two congressional Democrats, took notes on a series of informal talks with him   whoever he is   and is now publishing them with his permission. Voters claim they want substance and detailed position papers, but what they really crave are cutesy cat videos, celebrity gossip, top 10 lists, reality TV shows, tabloid tripe, and the next f***ing Twitter message,  the congressman gripes in the book. I worry about our country s future when critical issues take a backseat to the inane utterings of illiterate athletes and celebrity twits. Much of what s in the book will come as little surprise to Americans who are cynical about the political process.  Fundraising is so time-consuming I seldom read any bills I vote on,  the anonymous legislator admits.  I don t even know how they ll be implemented or what they ll cost.   My staff gives me a last-minute briefing before I go to the floor and tells me whether to vote yea or nay. How bad is that?  And on controversial bills, he says,  I sometimes vote  yes  on a motion and  no  on an amendment so I can claim I m on either side of an issue.   It s the old shell game: if you can t convince  em, confuse  em.  Read more: Daily Mail ",0
13912,HILLARY’S TOP AIDE Is About To See Her Husband’s Scandalous Life Played Out On Big Screen: “WEINER” Debuts In May [WATCH TRAILER],"Dinesh D Souza s  Hillary s America  will debut in theaters in July.  Clinton Cash  is a documentary that investigates donations made to the Clinton Foundation by foreign entities, paid speeches made by Bill and Hillary Clinton, and the Clintons  personal enrichment since leaving the White House in 2001. It also debuts this summer. And now,  Weiner  exploring the life of a world class narcissist who just happens to be married to Hillary s top aide and special friend who is also tied to Hillary s email scandal investigation, Huma Abedin. With so many scandalous movies surrounding the life of Corrupt Hillary debuting this spring and summer, it s hard to know what to see first. We only have one question. Did filmmaker, Mr. Kriegman credit Andrew Breitbart for  exposing  (pun intended) the truth about Anthony Weiner?Mr. Kriegman s careful chronicling of Mr. Weiner s campaign is poised to prompt a much broader reassessment of a tabloid-tarred politician.  Weiner,  a feature-length documentary by Mr. Kriegman and Elyse Steinberg, will be released on May 20, amid one of the most contentious presidential elections in memory, and it may be the most intimate and provocative portrait of a political race since  The War Room. Mr. Weiner   whose moth-to-the-flame instinct toward exposure led in part to his resignation from Congress in 2011 after admitting he had lied about online liaisons with women   granted extraordinary access to Mr. Kriegman, in exchange for the occasional use of his footage during the campaign. The filmmaker agreed to step out of the room whenever Mr. Weiner asked.And yet there is Mr. Kriegman in the back of a sport utility vehicle, filming as Mr. Weiner tries to persuade his wife, Huma Abedin, to appear at a primary-night party where Sydney Leathers, Mr. Weiner s erstwhile sexting partner, is lurking outside. Mr. Kriegman is inside the couple s apartment at breakfast time as Ms. Abedin, a frozen smile on her face, confides to the camera that she is  living a nightmare. There are startling moments of Mr. Weiner analyzing his own transgressions (he calls them  the things ) and facing teary-eyed staff members. Hours after Mr. Weiner s campaign is stricken by revelations of new online infidelities, the film finds husband and wife alone in a conference room, staring at each other for what may be the longest and most painful onscreen marital silence this side of an Ingmar Bergman film. The door closes, and I m filming, and I m riveted by what s happening,  Mr. Kriegman recalled in an interview last month.  But I m definitely thinking to myself:  I can t believe I m standing here right now. He almost never got the chance. Mr. Kriegman had known Mr. Weiner for years, serving as chief of staff in his district office. After a decade in politics, he began pursuing a film career, earning credits on MTV and PBS. He and Ms. Steinberg, who are both 36, and previously collaborated on a documentary about prison reform, came to view Mr. Weiner as an ideal subject.Via: NYT s ",0
13913,UPDATE: TRANSGENDER TARGET BOYCOTT Reaches Boiling Point…Loses $4 BILLION In 30 Days…CEO Defends Dangerous Bathroom Position,"Note to Target CEO: When you endanger the safety of little girls and women in your stores, you re giving  placing a  target  on your back  a whole new meaning. Only two days ago in women s bathroom in Chicago, an 8 year old girl was choked by a man until she was unconscious. He proceeded to drag into a bathroom stall. Fortunately, her mother overheard her screams and was able to come to her rescue. Is this really the kind of America we want? Is Target ready to accept responsibility for crimes against women and children in their bathrooms and changing rooms?UPDATE: Target is facing a nationwide backlash for its support of transgender rights.More than 1.2 million people have signed a pledge to boycott the retailer after it announced last month that it would welcome transgender customers to use any bathroom or fitting room that matches their gender identity.Critics have been holding protests and demonstrations at stores across the country, and they are showing no signs of dying down.Many are demanding access to bathrooms of the opposite sex to support claims that  perverts  can now prey on children and women as a result of the policy.The boycotters  goal is to force Target to reverse its policy, or at least make the retailer suffer for it by spending their money elsewhere.  Breitbart NewsThe CEO of retail giant Target is zig-zagging between the many customers who are angered by his decision to open single-sex bathrooms to the other sex, the gender-identity progressives who pushed for the disastrous transgender policy, and the Wall Street stock-pickers who have chopped roughly $4.5 billion off the company s value. We re going to continue to embrace our belief in diversity and inclusion, just how important that is to our company, CEO Brian Cornell said in a May 11 appearance on CNBC s  Squawk Box  business show.  But we re also going to make sure our focus on safety is unwavering,  he added.To mollify the public angered by his removal of single-sex restrooms and changing rooms, the company will add family bathrooms to all of its stores, he said.We re committed over the next few months, to make sure every one of our stores has that option, because we want to make sure that our guests be welcomed in our stores. But if there s a question of safety, I can tell you and others, our focus on safety is unwavering, and we want to make sure we provide a welcoming environment for all our guests, one that s safe, one that s comfortable.But Cornell did not offer to return single-sex changing rooms, which is likely the most unnerving element in the company s new open-door, pro-transgender agenda.The company can t easily add family changing-rooms without using up scarce space in their retail stores   and can t reestablish single-sex changing-rooms without angering many progressive professionals in the media and fashion industries. Those progressives professionals would likely claim the company is unfairly  gender policing  its customers, even though transgender advocates say only 1 in every 300 Americans are transgender. Other estimates say the ratio is only 1 transgender for every 2,400 Americans.So Cornell tried to reassure and flatter progressives about the justice of his company s brand-damaging, revenue-reducing April 19 decision.  We took a stance,  Cornell said, as he suggested that single-sex bathrooms are just like a racist refusal to use African-Americans in commercial advertising in the 1960s.We ve had a long history embracing diversity and inclusion. A couple weeks ago, one of our team members sent me a note reminding me that if we went back to the mid-60s, our company was one of the very first to use African-American models in their advertising, and back then, it wasn t well received.In the company s initial April 19 statement, the store said,  we welcome transgender team members and [customer] guests to use the restroom or fitting room facility that corresponds with their gender identity. The statement came as Americans were recognizing and rejecting the revolutionary political agenda behind the push for transgender status.Since April 19,  We had a lot of tough feedback. But sitting here today, we know we made the right decision,  Cornell insisted.That tough feedback includes a consumer boycott that now has 1.2 million supporters, much damage to the company s brand, and a massive sell-off on Wall Street that has chopped the company s share price from almost $84 on April 19 to $75.70 on May 11.That s a loss of $8.30 per share, or 10 percent, or almost $5 billion since April 19. Of course, some part of that loss is due to President Barack Obama s weak economy   but no company is helped by many management decisions that anger so many customers. Via: Breitbart News",0
13914,Does The $100 Million Given To Clintons By Gulf Sheikhs Disqualify Hillary For Candidacy?,"DOESN T THIS COMPROMISE HER ABILITY TO BE OBJECTIVE?Bill and Hillary Clinton received at least $100 million from autocratic Persian Gulf states and their leaders, potentially undermining Democratic presidential candidate Hillary s claim she can carry out independent Middle East policies.As a presidential candidate, the amount of foreign cash the Clintons have amassed from the Persian Gulf states is  simply unprecedented,  says national security analyst Patrick Poole.  These regimes are buying access. You ve got the Saudis. You ve got the Kuwaitis, Oman, Qatar and the UAE. There are massive conflicts of interest. It s beyond comprehension,  Poole told TheDCNF in an interview. Overall, the Clinton Foundation has received upwards of $85 million in donations from five Persian Gulf states and their monarchs, according to the foundation s website.Activist groups have charged the five states   Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman and the United Arab Emirates (UAE)   committed numerous human rights abuses.For years, the accusations have centered on the Persian Gulf practice of importing hundreds of thousands of poor foreign laborers who work for low wages, including hundreds of thousands of female  domestic workers  who have no labor rights and often face exploitation and sexual abuse.The ongoing Clinton financial relationship with despotic Persian Gulf states could hurt Hillary as a supporter of labor rights and tarnish her image as a vigorous supporter of women.Yet as secretary of state, Clinton consciously and actively sought to legitimize the sheikdoms through many new Department of State programs.Read more: Daily Caller",0
13915,TRUMP INSIDER REVEALS Donald’s Top Pick For VP: Wants Someone He “can live with for eight years” [VIDEO],"We wholeheartedly approve Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich is now the leading candidate to be tapped by Donald Trump as his running mate, a close confidante of Trump tells Newsmax.On Tuesday, Trump told the AP that he has whittled down his choices to 5 or 6 names. I have a list of people that I would like,  Trump revealed in his interview Tuesday.But the name that keeps cropping up as his favorite is Gingrich, a Trump confidante tells Newsmax.Trump has tapped former presidential contender Ben Carson to help pick his running mate. Carson said Tuesday that he is stepping down from that post to focus on the Thursday meeting between Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan. Trump also announced this week that New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie will head his transition team.Trump is said to favor Gingrich for several reasons.First, Trump recognizes he is a Washington neophyte and sees in Gingrich someone who can school him in the legislative process and  make nice  with Capitol Hill.Trump admitted to the AP he wants a running mate who can help him  with legislation, getting things through. As Speaker, Gingrich successfully got Bill Clinton to sign legislation abolishing welfare, while agreeing to budget constraints that led to the first balanced budgets in a generation.Trump has other reasons he is leaning toward Gingrich. He is said to personally like him. Rubio, Newsmax reported, has already been eliminated though he lobbied through surrogates for the job. Rubio has denied doing so.Trump also finds Ohio Gov. John Kasich  kind of quirky  and not someone he resonates with, the confidante said.Trump is apparently discarding the traditional approach of picking a running mate to provide geographic or ideological balance to his ticket. Instead he wants someone he  can live with for eight years,  the Trump source said.This concept of a  simpatico ticket,  while rare, occurred when then-Gov. Bill Clinton of Arkansas turned to then-Sen. Al Gore of nearby Tennessee to run with him in his successful 1992 bid for president.The Fox News commentator was an early defender of Trump in the GOP primary.Here is Newt Gingrich endorsing Donald J. Trump only yesterday: Donald values loyalty,  the source said, and Gingrich has been loyal.Trump told the AP that he also is looking for a candidate who has held office and been under the public microscope. For the most part, they ve been vetted over the last 20 years,  he explained to the AP.Gingrich has had such vetting, and survived a bitter, though unsuccessful run for president in 2012 against Mitt Romney.Gingrich is also considered one of the best communicators in the party, and Trump is placing great emphasis on who can go toe-to-toe against Hillary Clinton s running mate in upcoming debates.Via: NewsMax ",0
13916,OBAMA FAN CLUB PRESIDENT GEORGE CLOONEY Tells France: “There’s Not Going To Be A President Trump” [VIDEO],"There s nothing quite like an arrogant actor who lives in Europe, supports Hillary, blames the press for making Trump popular, and for not properly vetting him, while hanging out at the White House with the least vetted President in American history.George Clooney is making his disdain for Donald Trump known not just here in the United States but also overseas.The actor was interviewed by members of the international press at the Cannes Film Festival on Thursday afternoon, and took some time to share with them his opinion of Trump. There s not going to be a President Donald Trump,  said Clooney, who held a fundraiser for Hillary Clinton last month in Los Angeles where tickets reportedly went for $353,400 per couple. That s not going to happen. Fear is not going to be something that drives our country. We re not going to be scared of Muslims or immigrants or women. We re not actually afraid of anything. That whole  We re not afraid of Muslims  thing ought to go over pretty well with the victims and families of victims who have been attacked in Paris twice over the past couple of years. Tell that to French residents who live in or near  no-go-zones  George. Of course, you wouldn t know, because you have the best security detail money can buy hypocrite!Clooney, who was on the Croisette to promote his film Money Monster, went on to say;  Trump is actually a result in many ways of the fact that much of the news programs didn t follow up and ask tough questions. Via: Daily Mail ",0
13917,CONSERVATIVE LEADER Sends Stern Message To Mitt Romney: Go Home And Be Quiet! [Video],"Matt Schlapp, the leader of the American Conservative Union, slammed Mitt Romney for his continued attacks on GOP nominee Donald Trump. ",0
13918,WATCH: NEW MOVIE Black Lives Matter Terrorists DON’T Want You To See…What REALLY Happened In FERGUSON Courtroom,"We ve written about the amazing filmmaker, playwright and journalist, Phelim MacAleer and his fearless wife Ann McElhinney several times over the past couple of years. They ve brilliantly exposed the Left  and their outrageous lies countless times. They are currently making a movie called  Gosnell  that will tell the truth the media hid about the crimes committed by serial killer,  Dr.  Kermit Gosnell. This husband and wife team are doing the work honest journalists, if they were being true to their profession, SHOULD be doing. Phelim s play  Ferguson,  that is now a movie, (see full-length version below) has completely dismantled the  hands up don t shoot  lie that was coordinated by the White House and professional race agitators.  This lie of course, was perpetrated by a willing media. MacAleer does a brilliant job of dispelling these lies by simply using the actual testimony from the case.From Phelim MacAleer:These are professional actors reading the actual words of eyewitnesses detailing minute by minute what happened in the run up to the shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri. FERGUSON the play consists of unaltered witness testimony, exactly as the Ferguson grand jury heard it. It includes forensic and medical examiner evidence that proves the truth and debunks the liars.You probably haven t missed the many and loud claims that the entertainment industry is racist and not diverse. It seems that  everyone who matters  agrees that diversity is a problem. Or at least that s what they say.But the reality is very different as I found when I wrote a play that offered ten roles for black men and women and even three significant roles for black women over 40   which everyone agrees can be a career death zone for women (of all races).And as a  diversity bonus  the play was going to be about an issue that of huge significance to the black community   it was called FERGUSON and was about the shooting of Michael Brown, a young black man by a white police officer in Ferguson, Missouri.And this was to be no whitesplaining of the issue. I wrote, or rather curated, the play only using actual Grand Jury testimony of witnesses (most of them black). I didn t change their testimony at all. Not a paragraph, word or comma was added. It was to be a minute by minute account by multiple eyewitnesses of the last hours of Michael Brown s life. I decided to have a staged reading of the script over four nights at the Odyssey Theater in Santa Monica. It would be a great way for people to finally hear the truth about Ferguson   in the words of the people who witnessed the whole incident.The cast were enthusiastic at the auditions   there was a huge interest in the play   at last the truth about Ferguson and the shooting of Michael Brown would come out. Their enthusiasm lasted until the end of the first rehearsal. According to an LA Times reporter who was present many of the actors were aghast that the truth from eyewitnesses and forensic experts didn t match their idea of what really happened or what they read in the media. It was clear from the eyewitness testimony that Michael Brown didn t have his hands up surrendering as activists claimed. It was also clear, again from black eyewitnesses, that police officer Darren Wilson had no choice but to shoot Brown who was on a mini-crime rampage that morning.These facts did not please the actors who wanted to tell a different story. However this was Verbatim Theater   the story could only be told in the words of the witnesses. But the actors did not want to hear the genuine voices   even if they were black and under oath. Nine of the original 13 actors walked out. Most of them were black. Then a few of the white cast walked out in sympathy   one just 24 hours before the performance opened.Their walkout made a mockery of claims that there is a need for more diverse roles in the entertainment industry. This was a predominantly black cast in a play about a topic that was about an issue   police shootings of black men   that was of enormous interest to the black community.In reality what activists obviously meant was that they wanted black roles that pushed a left/liberal agenda. They may have wanted the actors faces to be a diverse color but they so did not want diversity of thought or ideas to be presented on the stage. No   those ideas had to be shut down. And it s not as if those ideas don t get a lot of interest. The staged reading of Ferguson   over a four night run   in a 99-seat theater was one of the most talked about plays of the year in Los Angeles. As a writer for liberal LA Weekly put it FERGUSON achieved something  almost unheard of in L.A. s stage community   it moved theater from the arts section to the front page. Despite the walkout I was determined the Show Would Go On. Eventually we hired replacement cast for all the actors and the play was staged for its planned four night run. It was an enormous success.LA Weekly said Ferguson was  divisive, but riveting  and  an incendiary night of theatre . It was covered by a huge range of media outlets including NPR, The Hollywood Reporter and Rush Limbaugh.Now that is true diversity!To ensure the truth about Ferguson reaches as big an audience as possible I have now filmed the staged reading.Please enjoy it. The truth is compelling.  Phelim MacAleer",0
13919,ROMNEY REFUSED TO INSIST OBAMA Expose His Sealed Records…CAUTIONS Voters Trump Is Hiding Bombshell In THESE Documents,"Wouldn t it have been great to see Mitt fight as hard to reveal the TRUTH about Barack Hussein Obama, aka Barry Soetoro in 2012, as he is trying to find some  bombshell revelation about Trump?Sorry Mitt, but you forfeited your opportunity to save America when you cowered to political correctness. Cue the Trump Train Wednesday in a Facebook post, 2012 Republican presidential nominee and vocal Donald Trump critic Mitt Romney said,  It is disqualifying for a modern day presidential nominee to refuse to release tax returns to the voters. Romney added,  There is only one logical explanation for Mr. Trump s refusal to release his returns: there is a bombshell in them. Given Mr. Trump s equanimity with other flaws in his history, we can only assume it s a bombshell of unusual size. In an interview on Tuesday with The Associated Press, Trump said,  There s nothing to learn from them. On Wednesday, Trump clarified by tweeting:In interview I told @AP that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 11, 2016Via: Breitbart News",0
13920,BREAKING: ANGRY BLACK LIVES MATTER Activist ADMITS To Starting MASSIVE LA Apartment Complex Fire As Pay Back For Death Of THUG Michael Brown,"Obama inspired hate...The Latest on a man charged with setting a massive fire that destroyed an unfinished Los Angeles apartment complex (all times local):3:10 p.m.A man has been ordered to stand trial for arson over a fire that incinerated a Los Angeles apartment building and caused $100 million in damage.Fifty-seven-year-old Dawud Abdulwali appeared in court Wednesday. He earlier pleaded not guilty.Prosecutors say Abdulwali set fire to the unfinished De Vinci complex downtown in December 2014. The seven-story complex was completely destroyed and the heat blew out windows at nearby office towers.At Wednesday s hearing, a witness testified that Abdulwali bragged at a party about burning the building and said he did it because he was angry about the police killing of an unarmed black man in Missouri.Via: Houston ChronicleThe witness, Popaul Tshimanga, said he and Abdulwali attended a party a week later. Tshimanga said Abdulwali ranted about the August 2014 killing of Michael Brown, an unarmed black man, by a white police officer in Ferguson, Missouri. He was mad,  Tshimanga said, adding that the defendant said  he burned the building  near a freeway and  didn t like the way the cops were killing black people. Abdulwali s former roommate, Edwyn Gomez, has told investigators that Abdulwali spoke passionately about the protests in Ferguson after Brown s shooting and about wanting vengeance. Cops kill my people,  Gomez recalled Abdulwali saying.  We should go do this, we should go burn some (expletive) down.   We should go break some windows.  Houston ChronicleWatch incredible footage of firefighters risking their lives to put out this massive arson fire:",0
13921,AIR FORCE Whistleblower Makes EXPLOSIVE Claim About Benghazi That Could DESTROY Hillary: ‘We could have been there’ [Video],"A United States Air Force squadron leader whistleblower is speaking out and telling the truth about how they could have reached Benghazi to help on the night of the attack that killed four Americans. Unfortunately, he s been afraid of being  screwed over,  so he s kept his mouth shut until now.An Air Force whistleblower says his team could have provided reinforcements to the Americans under attack in Benghazi in September 2012, contrary to the Obama administration s claims that the military provided the maximum possible support for the embattled diplomatic staff. I definitely believe that our aircraft could have taken off and got there in a timely manner, maybe three hours at the most, in order to basically at least stop that second mortar attack and have those guys running for the hills,  a man purportedly stationed at Aviano Air Force base in Italy told Fox News on the condition of anonymity.That s a particularly explosive claim, given that two of the four Americans who died in the attacks were killed in the second wave of attacks, which targeted a CIA annex the morning of Sept. 12. But the whistleblower has not spoken to Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., who is chairman of the select committee investigating the attacks, because  there are so many ways you can get screwed over  for cooperating with lawmakers.That frustrates Gowdy, who accused the Obama administration of preventing him from talking to all the relevant witnesses.  As a former federal prosecutor, I find it deeply troubling there are individuals who would like to share their stories, but have not because they are afraid of retaliation from their superiors,  he said in a Wednesday evening response to the Fox report.  No one should be afraid of talking to their elected representatives in Congress.  Via: Washington ExaminerWatch: ",0
13922,THE TRUTH ABOUT Phony Global Warming: Why Our Snake-Oil-Salesman-In-Chief Is So Desperate To Sell Americans On This LIE," No challenge  poses a greater threat to future generations than climate change.    Obama State Of The Union speech, 2015There is a very good reason why the Left is now SHAMING anyone who doesn t believe in the phony  science  of global warming. In what amounts to essentially a money laundering scheme, the campaigns of some of the most dishonest politicians in Washington are being funded by the business owners who are hand-selected by those crooked politicians to receive billions for  global climate change  initiatives.The liberal media machine has spent decades bulldozing anyone who tells you global warming is a sham.They even came up with a clever little title    deniers. Every time a heat wave hits, every time a picture of a lone polar bear gets taken . . . the left pounds the table for environmental reform, more policy, more money to combat climate change. But how much has the world really warmed?Their message is simple: Get on the man-made global warming bandwagon . . . or you re just ignorant.But how much has the world really warmed?It s an important question, considering the U.S. government spends $22 billion a year to fight the global warming crisis (twice as much as it spends protecting our border).To put that in perspective, that is $41,856 every minute going to global warming initiatives.But that s just the tip of a gargantuan iceberg.According to Forbes columnist Larry Bell, the ripple effect of global warming initiatives actually costs Americans $1.75 trillion . . . every year.That s three times larger than the entire U.S. federal budget deficit.So, has anyone stopped to ask . . . how much has the globe actually warmed?Well, we asked, and what we found was striking.According to NASA s own data via Remote Sensing Systems(RSS), the world has warmed a mere .36 degrees Fahrenheit over the last 35 years (they started measuring the data in 1979).Hardly anything to panic about; however, that does mean the world is warmer, right?The problem with that argument is that we experienced the bulk of that warming between 1979 and 1998 . . . since then, we ve actually had temperatures DROPPING!As can be seen in this chart, we haven t seen any global warming for 17 years.Weakening the global warming argument is data showing that the North Polar ice cap is increasing in size. Recent satellite images from NASA actually reflect an increase of 43% to 63%.This is quite the opposite of what the global warming faction warned us.In 2007, while accepting his Nobel Prize for his global warming initiative, Al Gore made this striking prediction,  The North Polar ice cap is falling off a cliff. It could be completely gone in summer in as little as seven years. Seven years from now. Al Gore could not have been more wrong.However, despite this clear evidence that the temperatures are not increasing, the global warming hysteria only seems to be increasing.For example: President Obama himself tweeted on May 16, 2014:  97% of scientists agree: climate change is real, man-made and dangerous.  John Kerry, Al Gore, and a host of others have championed this statistic.Since then, it has become clear that this statistic was inaccurate.The Wall Street Journal went as far as to say,  The assertion that 97% of scientists believe that climate change is a man-made, urgent problem is a fiction.  Forbes headlined  Global Warming Alarmists Caught Doctoring  97% Consensus  Claims. Come to find out, the study President Obama was citing was botched from the start.A host of other problems for the global warming crowd are emerging, such as . . .Leaked emails from global warming scientists state that the Earth is not warming, such as this one from Kevin Trenberth that states,  The fact is that we can t account for the lack of warming at the moment and it is a travesty we can t. Claude Allegre, the founding father of the man-made global warming ethos, recently renounced his position that man has caused warming.Proof is emerging that Al Gore and even President Obama have financially benefited from fueling the global warming hysteria (click here for an internal report on this).It is becoming harder and harder for the global warming community to ignore some of the scientific data that show the Earth is not getting warmer . . . instead, the world is getting cooler.Which makes one wonder   why are we still spending $22 billion a year on global warming initiatives, and where is the money going? Global warming  has been kept on life support for another crucial reason: It has been a practical ATM for every in-the-know political figure.Al Gore, for example, has been one of the most vocally aggressive crusaders for  global warming. In 2001, before leaving office as vice president, Gore was worth less than $2 million. Since then, he has grown his wealth to $100 million . . . almost entirely by investing in a handful of  green-tech  companies . . . 14 of which received more than $2.5 billion in loans, grants, tax breaks, and more from the Obama administration.The Telegraph reports Al Gore could become the  world s first carbon billionaire  thanks to his investments in green companies . . . all of which benefit from tax dollars and government loans to  prevent global warming. And he s not alone.You are likely familiar with the story of the failed Solyndra green energy initiative, which cost taxpayers $500 million; President Obama took a lot of flak for that.But here s a little-known side of the Solyndra story I bet you haven t heard: Obama, in essence, used taxpayer money to finance his re-election campaign . . . by funneling it through Solyndra.You see, when Solyndra fell on hard times, it passed into the hands of two large private equity investors . . . Goldman Sachs and George Kaiser. When $500 million in taxpayer money was given to Solyndra, both Goldman Sachs and George Kaiser benefited. Coincidentally, both have made contributions to Obama s election campaigns adding up to roughly $1.25 million.It doesn t stop there.In 2010, another federal loan of $400 million went Abound Solar. That resulted in a bankruptcy as well. But investors in Abound Solar seemed to do just fine . . . investors like billionaire heiress Patricia Stryker. Stryker has famously contributed $500,000 to the Coalition for Progress while throwing $85,000 toward Obama s inaugural committee. It s just a coincidence that the government handed a company she invested in $400 million just before bankruptcy . . . right?There s also A123 Systems, which paid one lobbying firm $970,000 to secure money from the government   and received $279 million in federal assistance. The CEO of A123 Systems went on to fund multiple Democratic senators and contributed to Obama s campaign.First Solar received $646 million in government loan guarantees, and has since contributed more than $180,000 to Democratic campaigns.GE is notorious for spending tens of millions of dollars a year to  buy  green energy credits for its wind turbines and other green technologies   credits which helped the firm pay ZERO taxes in 2011.There are a host of other examples of liberals getting wealthy off  global warming  initiatives just like these.You can see why green energy is such a profitable business   CEOs and executives get to rake in millions of dollars, while politicians get lucrative donations for their campaigns . . . and scientists get all the funding they need to keep them going . . . all on your dime.But here s the cherry on top . . .While $22 billion of our money is being redistributed every year to greedy scientists, politicians, and corporations . . .$22 billion is just what is spent on these  global warming  initiatives.The reality is, these initiatives have ripple effects . . . mainly the regulations (from government agencies like the Environmental Protection Agency) that shackle free enterprise and force us to rely on foreign energy.According to Forbes, the total cost of these ripple effects is a staggering $1.75 trillion annually.I want you to really think about that for a moment.We re watching $1.75 trillion per year . . . $3,329,528 per minute . . . go to waste.It s worse when you note that the U.S. Energy Information Administration says these regulations could ultimately cause gasoline prices to rise 77% over baseline projections . . . send 3 million Americans to the welfare line . . . and reduce average household income by a whopping $4,000 each year.Washington knows all of this . . . and is still barreling forward with its nonsense policies!They re just letting you foot the bill, while they pocket the benefits. Climate change is no longer some far-off problem; it is happening here, it is happening now.  Fact is, organizations like the Environmental Protection Agency have handcuffed capitalism . . . based on a theory even its staunchest supporters have already renounced.The result: reduced business, higher energy and food costs, higher taxes, lost jobs, and more money going overseas.For entire story: NewsMax ",0
13923,AWESOME! LOU DOBBS Hammers Paul Ryan’s Inability To Support Trump,Lou Dobbs rips into Paul Ryan and it s really awesome! Every word of his commentary is spot on! Bravo! ,0
13924,BOOM! FBI DIRECTOR CALLS HILLARY Out After She LIES About Gravity Of Investigation,"It s not shocking that Hillary s lying again, but it s probably not such a good idea to start out the investigation by lying to the public about it Hillary Clinton is fond of downplaying the gravity of the FBI s investigation into her private email server by calling it a  security review,  but that s a term that has no meaning to FBI director James Comey.Talking to reporters during a meeting at FBI headquarters on Wednesday, Comey said that the term  security inquiry  does not register with him and that agents are conducting an  investigation. It s in our name. I m not familiar with the term  security inquiry,  Comey said, according to Politico s Josh Gerstein.Clinton has refused to use the term  investigation  to describe the probe, which is looking at whether classified information was mishandled on her private email server. She refers to it in interviews as a  security review,  as do her campaign team and surrogates.  Daily Caller ",0
13925,BRAVO! COL RALPH PETERS Hammers Obama On Why His Trip To Hiroshima Is So Offensive [Video],"This is a great clip from Ralph Peters, explaining why Obama taking an apology trip to Hiroshima is so offensiveIt was a great point he made about how the atomic bomb actually saved lives versus how many would have been killed if we had to invade, so that there are veterans still alive today from that fight.And he s right to point out the sheer brutality of the Japanese when they invaded China.Look, there was only one country that we nuked in WWII and we had to do it twice.It wasn t Germany. It wasn t Hitler.It was Imperial Japan.And that right there should tell you something. ",0
13926,WHY OBAMA’S LAWSUIT AGAINST NC Is Really About The Jack-Boot Of Government On America’s Throats,"Obama is clearly attempting to strip Americans of our right to express our opinions on social issues based on our religion or morals. Americans have found themselves in a scary place, where we are remaining silent when we know we should be speaking out, because we re afraid of being shamed by the progressive Left. Meanwhile the Left continues to blur the lines of morality, hoping that they will erase all individual thought and speech.In a communist society, the individual s best interests are indistinguishable from the society s best interest. Thus, the idea of an individual freedom is incompatible with a communist ideology. The only reason to hold individual speech and information rights would be to better the society. Some of us care little about the debate over public bathrooms. We do, however, care about the ongoing destruction of federalism, individual choice, and good-faith debate.One reliable way to quash dissent and force moral codes on others is to liken your cause to that of the civil rights fight. Every liberal issue is situated somewhere on the great historical arc of  equality  and  justice.  If a person stands against even one of these causes which were once great but are increasingly trivial they have, according to the cultural imperialists of the Obama administration, aligned themselves with the Klan. Literally.After U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announced that the Department of Justice had filed a federal lawsuit to stop North Carolina from passing a  controversial law this is the go-to characterization of conservative bills that pass with healthy majorities requiring transgender people to use public bathrooms matching their birth certificate, she had this to say:This is not the first time that we have seen discriminatory responses to historic moments of progress for our nation. We saw it in the Jim Crow laws that followed the Emancipation Proclamation; we saw it in the fierce and widespread resistance to Brown v. Board of Education; and we saw it in the proliferation of state bans on same-sex unions that were intended to stifle any hope that gay and lesbian Americans might one day be afforded the right to marry.Likening a spat over biologically segregated boy/girl bathrooms to the genuine, violent, systematic, state-sponsored, society-wide bigotry that took place in this country for a century is both intellectually and morally corrupt. It s not all a continuum. Yet this administration peddles these kinds of risible comparisons in the cause of self-aggrandizement all the time. Hans Fiene has coined it Selma envy.The present situation is significantly different, and in every possible sense less dire. It is the sort of social problem generally worked out amongst people in this country without unelected civil rights commissions punishing business owners for thought crimes. Under North Carolina s law no one was stopping a private company or coffee shop or big box store from having any kind of bathroom set-up they desire. I m pretty sure most voters don t comprehend this fact when they hear the distorted coverage of these laws in the news.North Carolina and other states have preemptively moved forward with these kinds to bills to head off the state redefining gender. Too late. The fact is that the federal government can simply announce that a man can be a woman and vice versa if they choose. It then compels everyone in country to accept this reality. Yet there is no government definition of what transgendered means, other self-identification, which can mean anything.  Civil Rights  Division Chief Vanita Gupta says:  Transgender men are men.   Transgender women are women.  So sayeth Vanita Gupta, so sayeth we all. Or else. And now 300 million people have adhere to the Obama administration s relativistic notions about nature and gender.Now, from what I can gather the central anxiety of many people is not that the transgendered will take advantage of their children, but that any man can simply declare himself a woman, put on a wig, and go into a public bathroom. Maybe it s an irrational fear, maybe it s not. As a father who s had to send young daughters into busy public bathrooms, I know one thing for sure: I could not care less what Vanita Gupta has to say on the topic.In a broader sense, the suit is symbolic of the federal government s eight-year crusade to decimate any semblance of federalism and streamline progressive morality. The administration ignores state laws that conflict with federal policy when it approves and it sues states when it does not. States that pass law enforcement bills President Obama finds unsatisfactory will see the full force of the Justice Department come down on them. Those with drug legalization laws and immigration laws he does like, even if they conflict with federal law, have nothing to worry about. Whether one agrees in theory with these moves and I am liberal on drug legalization and immigration allowing Washington to selectively enforce law conflicts with the kind of republicanism that allows us to be diverse and deal with unique problems locally.For entire story: The Federalist",0
13927,CLASSLESS HILLARY LAUGHS As Person Announcing Her Leaves Out A Very Important Part of The Pledge Of Allegiance [Video],"A CLINTON SUPPORTER AT CAMDEN COMMUNITY COLLEGE introducing Hillary Clinton caught herself when reciting the Pledge of Allegiance   Yes, she left out  Under God  but didn t the Democrat party vote to leave God out of the convention platform in 2012? ",0
13928,LONDON’S NEW MUSLIM MAYOR Threatens Trump: Allow Muslims Into U.S. Or They Will Attack America,"How very moderate and tolerant of Sadiq Khan, to make one of his first acts as London s new Mayor to threaten the United States. Perhaps someone will explain to London s new Muslim Mayor that after 8 long years of being kicked around, America s about to elect a new leader who won t be entertaining threats or opinions of local Mayor s in foreign countries. A poll in April found that two-thirds of British Muslims would not tell the government if a friend or family member became involved with extremists.The new Muslim mayor of London has issued a warning to Donald Trump: Moderate your stance on Muslims, or they will launch more attacks against America.Trump recently praised Sadiq Khan for winning London s mayoral race, and said he would be willing to create an exception in his policy restricting Muslim entry into the United States in order to allow Khan to visit. But in a statement Tuesday, Khan dismissed Trump s invitation, and also denounced his views on Islam as  ignorant,  suggesting Trump s policies would increase the terrorist threat in both the U.S. and U.K. Donald Trump s ignorant view of Islam could make both of our countries less safe   it risks alienating mainstream Muslims around the world and plays into the hands of extremists,  he said.  Donald Trump and those around him think that Western liberal values are incompatible with mainstream Islam   London has proved him wrong.   For entire story: Daily Caller ",0
13929,A LEGEND IN HIS OWN MIND? Joe Biden Has Regrets About Not Running And You Won’t Believe Why,"Seriously? VP Biden wants us all to know he regrets not running because he  would have been the best president . Yikes!Vice President Joe Biden spoke with GMA in an interview that aired Wednesday morning, where he seemed to show signs of regret that he didn t enter the 2016 race when he had the chance. I planned on running,  Biden said.  I think I would have been the best president, but it was the right thing, not just for my family, for me. No one should ever seek the presidency unless they re able to devote their whole heart and soul and passion and to just do that. I just wasn t ready to be able to do that. Read more: Mediate",0
13930,UNREAL! HILLARY CLINTON Plays Dumb On The High Cost Of Obamacare [Video],"At a campaign event Hillary Clinton talked to a small business owner who has been hit hard by Obamacare. The health insurance for her family has risen dramatically, and after babbling her final thought was  I don t understand.  Seriously, nothing like playing dumb about the biggest, worst piece of legislation unloaded on the American people in decades.  A $400 increase, assuming you didn t have some terrible healthcare event, which it doesn t sound like you did,  Clinton said at a campaign event in Virginia.  I don t understand.  ",0
13931,COMMANDER IN CHIEF APPROVED RACISM? U.S. Military Makes SHOCKING Disciplinary Decision For 16 Black West Point Cadets,"Do we even need to ask how 16 white West Point cadets posing in uniform, with a white power fist before graduation would have been resolved? Never mind the media circus it would have created Sixteen black West Point cadets who posed with raised fists for a pre-graduation picture that sparked debates on race and proper behavior in uniform won t be punished for the gesture, the U.S. Military Academy said Tuesday.The decision, less than two weeks before the 16 female seniors are poised to graduate, found they didn t violate any U.S. Department of Defense rules limiting political activity.An internal inquiry  found that the cadets did not pre-plan or set out to make a political statement,  West Point s superintendent, Lt. Gen. Robert Caslen Jr., said in a letter to the student body.But, he said, they showed  a lapse of awareness in how symbols and gestures can be misinterpreted and cause division  and they will get some instruction on that.The fists-up image, which circulated online, led some observers to question whether the women were expressing support for the Black Lives Matter movement, which grew out of protests over police killings of unarmed black men.But the inquiry found the picture, one of multiple photos the women made in keeping with an informal campus tradition, captured a spur-of-the-moment gesture intended to demonstrate unity and pride in graduating, Caslen wrote. Groups of cadets often take Old Corps pictures in traditional dress uniforms to echo historical portraits.A raised fist has symbolized political resistance for generations, from Nelson Mandela upon his release from prison in 1990 to Democratic Vermont U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders on the presidential campaign trail this year. It was used by black power advocates in the 1960s, including by two American sprinters during a medal ceremony at the 1968 Mexico City Olympic Games, and more recently by activists for the Black Lives Matter movement.Some observers suggested the women were improperly identifying with the movement while in uniform.Defenders said the women were simply celebrating their forthcoming graduation, something closer in spirit to a team lifting helmets to celebrate a win or Beyonce raising her fist at this year s Super Bowl halftime show. Via: Yahoo h/t WZ",0
13932,STATE DEPARTMENT COVERUP: Reporter Questions Missing Video Potentially Showing Iran Deal Deception Was a ‘Glitch’,The deception was really a  Glitch Sure! ,0
13933,FANTASTIC! TRUMP RELEASES ANTI-HILLARY VIDEO: “Bad Judgement”,DONALD TRUMP released a brilliant video with clips from Hillary s lying and heartless treatment of Benghazi victim s families: ,0
13934,GAME CHANGER: HOW TRUMP IS BRINGING BACK The “Missing Voter” The GOP Forgot About,"One of the most interesting and insightful pieces you will read on the reason Americans are drawn to Trump Where did all the Trump voters come from, and where did the Cruz evangelicals go? One of the great mysteries of the 2016 primary is how so many assessments of the Republican electorate turned out to be wrong. The primary electorate that gave us Donald Trump as the presumptive nominee was dramatically different from the one that chose Mitt Romney in 2012.Jeb Bush thought there was a huge, quiescent moderate majority nostalgic for a return to the Bush era, or looking for a doggedly inoffensive candidate like himself, blessed with endorsements from all the right people and a campaign war chest so huge it was supposed to scare other candidates out of the race. Senator Rand Paul thought the GOP s libertarian moment had arrived, driven by young voters who were deeply concerned about privacy issues in the online era and weary of interventionist foreign policy under Bush and Obama alike. Senator Marco Rubio thought he had crossover appeal to every faction of the Republican Party and so much electability that GOP voters would be crazy to turn him down. Governors like Rick Perry and Scott Walker thought voters in other states would be impressed by their successful resumes.Most baffling was the miscalculation of Senator Ted Cruz, who was counting on a Southern conservative and evangelical firewall that should have made him an early front-runner. Cruz had every reason to think those voters were out there and every reason to suppose they would be unwilling to support Donald Trump, on both moral and policy grounds.Instead, Trump cleaned up with evangelicals, and his eventual victory in the primary was heralded by many observers as a death knell for  movement conservatism.  At the very least, we were told, conservatives were in such disarray that they couldn t unite around a candidate who could stop Trump, even though well over half the party didn t want him as the nominee.The alternative theory of Trump s primary victory is that he s bringing new voters into the Republican primaries, and it s clearly not just a few saboteurs looking to set Hillary Clinton up with her preferred GOP opponent.NBC News is the latest outlet to run a story on Trump bringing new voters into the GOP fold, noting that the 2016 Florida primary saw tens of thousands more votes cast than Mitt Romney s take in the 2012 general election, and the lion s share of the new votes went to Trump. In Establishment-friendly Northeastern races, Ohio Governor John Kasich pulled vote totals comparable to Romney s primary vote in 2012, but Trump s new voters swamped him.Sean Trende at RealClearPolitics suggested in January that neglected white working-class voters were coming back to the GOP after taking a pass on Mitt Romney in 2012. Trende described them as  mostly lower-income, blue-collar voters who lived in areas that had also voted for Ross Perot,  who had been turned off by  Mitt Romney s wealth and upper-class demeanor. Missing voter  theories abound after big elections, because so much of the eligible American electorate consistently chooses not to vote. With voter participation well under 60%, even in big presidential elections, the  missing electorate  is big enough to be a theoretical game-changer in virtually every race. It s arresting when a missing electorate returns, as Trende suggests is happening with Trump.Along the way, he makes the point that Ted Cruz was fundamentally wrong about who the missing voters were, as he frequently quoted analysts who misunderstood what Trende was saying in his 2012 election post-mortem.They weren t evangelicals miffed that Mitt Romney was a Mormon, or a moderate. The missing voters weren t mainly conservative Christians at all, since Trende notes that that cohort has always maintained a level of voter participation far above the national average. Many of the missing voters disengaged from politics long before 2012, and it s mostly because they didn t think either party had anything to offer them.The key to understanding this theory is to remember that Ross Perot brought a lot of disengaged working-class people into politics too, and besides his famous disdain for deficit spending, the big planks in his platform were opposition to illegal immigration and criticism of big trade deals, particularly the North American Free Trade Agreement, which both Bill Clinton and George H. W. Bush supported. In the second presidential debate in 1992, Perot famously spoke of  a giant sucking sound going south  to describe the effect NAFTA would have when American jobs went to Mexico.It s no surprise that Donald Trump is talking about NAFTA too, and getting a huge response at his campaign rallies, even as analysts on the Left and Right scratch their heads and wonder why he s talking about a  settled issue  from two decades ago after Bill Clinton signed it into law.To the missing voters, NAFTA has never been a settled issue, or a forgotten one. They re still hurting from the shift of jobs and opportunities out of the country. They were told not to worry about it, because new high-tech jobs with better pay and working conditions would replace the  jobs Americans just won t do  and then those jobs got sent overseas as well, or filled with H1-B visa workers.There is a line of argument from free trade enthusiasts that insists such policies are good for the country overall. We re told that controlling legal immigration, or even cracking down on illegal immigration could significantly damage the U.S. economy. These grand strategies overlook the fact that the people who have been getting clobbered for decades to provide this higher level of national prosperity are tired of being the designated losers. On both the Left and Right, there is anger from people who believe they have been exploited to make others wealthy. That s the fundamental argument of liberal ideology, but Republican leaders really should have noticed when a substantial number of their traditional constituents began feeling that way.These disaffected working-class people are especially weary of master plans that deliberately injure Americans for the benefit of big U.S. investors and foreign interests. That s why a willingness to speak frankly about immigration was such a powerful signal to the missing voters, a sign that Trump was aware of them, in a way that few other Republicans were.The core element of any fair deal for neglected American workers is the acknowledgement that America exists, and its government understands that it has a unique responsibility to American citizens. There is nothing inherently hostile or xenophobic about that understanding. The put-upon citizens of the most open and generous country in the world are tired of being insulted as selfish and hateful for insisting our national priority should be our nation.For decades now, our central government has asserted the wisdom and moral stature to pick  winners and losers.  Those assertions are especially loud from Barack Obama, but he wasn t the first to make them. The people who feel they ve been picked as losers, for generations, are tired of it.Trende talked about the shifting  priorities  of these voters, which could go a long way toward explaining why Cruz didn t get the support he was looking for in the South. It s not so much a question of those voters rejecting Constitutional conservatism, as their political priorities shifting to more immediate concerns.They re under attack by the federal government, and they want relief. Intellectual discourse on the Constitutional basis for freedom of religious expression has less political value when the federal government is sending a battalion of lawyers to escort men into the women s restroom. They still care about our future of unsustainable government debt, but their more immediate concern is getting the economy moving for their regions and income brackets again. Abstract discussion about the proper limits of government gives way to more concrete concerns: What will you do to bring the jobs back, nourish our wages back to health, and make us feel like something more than targets?Some of the blame for those errors is due to the Republican Party at large, which frittered away the Reagan legacy through both Bush presidencies, and allowed the Left to teach the masses what  capitalism  means. Reagan brilliantly redefined the relationship between American citizens and their government, but as soon as he was gone, the GOP allowed that new understanding to be erased, perhaps mistakenly convinced it was unnecessary to defend capitalism from socialism while the Soviet Union was busy collapsing into a pile of ashes.A gulf developed between Republican leadership and the voters they should be able to reach. Until now, they didn t realize how wide that gulf was. They didn t invest nearly enough effort in figuring out who the missing voters were or how to bring them back. On the contrary, the GOP leadership devoted more energy to stamping out the first sign of renewed political life from those disaffected Americans, the Tea Party movement. Instead of understanding who those people were, absorbing their strength into the Republican coalition, or really listening to what they were saying, the GOP Establishment set about marginalizing them. They didn t realize how much damage they were doing to themselves among people who were watching the fate of the Tea Party movement, without being active members of it. Exasperating signals were sent, and received.For entire story: Breitbart News ",0
13935,"BERNIE’S WORLD: SOCIALISM Forces Venezuelans to Eat Dogs, Cats And Birds, “We are hungry”","Take a good hard look America this is Bernie s utopia. The economic climate is so bad in Venezuela today that people are eating cats, dogs and pigeons.The Panama Post reported, via Townhall:Ram n Muchacho, Mayor of Chacao in Caracas, said the streets of the capital of Venezuela are filled with people killing animals for food.Through Twitter, Muchacho reported that in Venezuela, it is a  painful reality  that people  hunt cats, dogs and pigeons  to ease their hunger.People are also reportedly gathering vegetables from the ground and trash to eat as well.The crisis in Venezuela is worsening everyday due in part to shortages reaching 70 percent. This to go along with the world s highest level of inflation.The population s desperation has begun to show, with looting and robberies for food increasing all the time. This Sunday, May 1, six Venezuelan military officials were arrested for stealing goats to ease their hunger, as there was no food at the Fort Manaure military base.I'd like just one, principled ""journalist"" to ask Bernie Sanders ""What went wrong in Venezuela https://t.co/WSbj4g9Uuo @realDonaldTrump   In God I Trust  (@InGodIDoTrust) May 10, 2016The week before, various regions of the country saw widespread looting of shopping malls, pharmacies, supermarkets and food trucks, all while people chanted  we are hungry. Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
13936,FORMER MEXICAN PREZ Sends “Middle Finger” To TRUMP Days Before “Apology”: “Don’t play around with us…We can jump walls…We can swim rivers…And we can defend ourselves”,"Wow these sound exactly like the type of people we want living next door to us. It s not so hard to see why so many Americans are enthusiastic about Trump s promise to build the wall BUILD THE WALL!The Huffington Post has published a photograph (above) of former Mexican president Vicente Fox giving Donald Trump the finger, taken a day before Fox apologized to Trump in an interview with Breitbart News.The photograph was originally shared on social media by Ben Mathis, host of the KickAss Politics podcast, which interviewed Fox last Tuesday. Breitbart News interviewed Fox the following day in Santa Monica, California.Mathis posted the photograph with the message:  Vicente Fox & I have a message for Donald Trump. Listen to a preview of his most controversial interview yet, recorded just one day before his apology to Trump aired on Breitbart. On Twitter, KickAss politics teased the interview as Fox  responding  to Trump   though the two had already responded to each other, with Fox apologizing via Breitbart and Trump accepting the apology the following day.KickAss politics also added the  NeverTrump  hashtag.In most controversial interview yet @VicenteFoxQue responds to @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/9AYIuVmJoo #NeverTrump pic.twitter.com/jFRkw5o8I7  Kickass News (@KickassNewsPod) May 9, 2016According to Huffington Post overnight editor Ed Mazza, Fox told Mathis that Trump is an  ugly American  and  hated gringo,  and reiterated that he would not pay for the  fucking wall  on the border, adding:  And please don t take out the  fucking  full word. Mazza adds:In the Kickass Politics conversation, Fox was anything but apologetic. He called the presumptive Republican presidential nominee  crazy  and a  false prophet,  and compared him to Latin American demagogues who  destroy economies.  He also said some of Trump s proposals could lead to war. Don t play around with us,  Fox said.  We can jump walls. We can swim rivers. And we can defend ourselves. The following day, Fox told Breitbart:  I apologize. Forgiveness is one of the greatest qualities that human beings have, is the quality of a compassionate leader. You have to be humble. You have to be compassionate. You have to love thy neighbor. Update: The Huffington Post has attached its mandatory disclaimer on all Trump stories:Editor s note: Donald Trump regularly incites political violence and is a serial liar, rampant xenophobe, racist, misogynist and birther who has repeatedly pledged to ban all Muslims   1.6 billion members of an entire religion   from entering the U.S.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
13937,UNREAL! OBAMA SPEECH WRITERS Laugh Like Crazy About This One Devastating Lie Told To The American People [Video],Wow! These guys are so proud of their scummy lies to America to get Obamacare through. There s a special place in Hell for these jerks  ,0
13938,DISGRACE: OBAMA Regime Caught WASTING $25 Million US Tax Dollars On Phony CLIMATE CHANGE In Country Where Citizens Are Starving [VIDEO],"It is truly a shame that our nation has $25 MILLION dollars to waste on phony climate change.  That money could  have gone a long way in helping children and adults who are suffering and dying of malnourishment. This President and the Democrats who support his phony war on climate change should be ashamed of themselves. A $25 million U.S.-funded project to help Guatemala combat global warming is being slammed as another taxpayer-backed boondoggle after a new audit highlighted a series of problems   including numerous inaccuracies in the group s work and a failure to produce a required long-term plan.Without the plan, the government audit warned,  the funds   could be wasted. The grant for the Climate, Nature and Communities in Guatemala Program was awarded to the nonprofit Rainforest Alliance in February 2013 by the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) as part of a broader effort to fight climate change abroad.Meanwhile, Guatemala is ranked as the 7th poorest nation in the world. Parentless children like Elvin USAID s Office of Inspector General, which issued the audit last month, said the program was set up to help organizations and small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in Guatemala improve climate-change strategies and strengthen local NGOs so the country s environment could be conserved without future U.S. assistance. The report noted that as of February 2015, $10.5 million had been disbursed so far.The audit acknowledged the program was making  some progress,  but it also alleged a laundry list of violations   including that the reported results were not accurate.The watchdog reported that data-testing revealed 22 errors in the accounting of whether the program was on track.One example given was that the Rainforest Alliance reported 162,356 hectares of land now devoted to timber and nontimber products such as cacao and honey. But a review found the group had counted the same hectares multiple times.The Rainforest Alliance also reported it had created 30,149 part-time and permanent jobs  generated through new sustainable, productive activities undertaken by program-assisted community-based organizations and SMEs.  However, the audit found 23,936 of those  jobs  may have lasted no more than a day.The audit also found that a required comprehensive  sustainability plan  on how the program will continue after USAID s assistance ends was not completed, despite it being required and the project having been underway for two years. Without a sustainability plan, the funds used to help the Guatemalan Government and other partners manage the country s natural resources to mitigate the harmful effects of climate change could be wasted,  the report said.The report was first flagged by Judicial Watch, a conservative watchdog group which called the project an  egregious waste of taxpayer dollars  and  par for the course with virtually all of the Obama administration s  green  ventures, which have largely failed after getting hundreds of millions in federal funds. Among other violations, the audit also found that while the Rainforest Alliance was supposed to contribute at least $3.75 million as a form of cost-sharing, the $1.79 million it reported as having contributed by December 2014 included $26,708 of U.S. funds it received under a separate project.The auditors also found that participants didn t undergo background checks, breaking a government funding rule that background checks must be performed on anyone seeking to participate in USAID-sponsored training.   FOX NewsIf you d like to help one or more of these malnourished children in Guatemala, click HERE to donate.",0
13939,STUDY REVEALS MASSIVE SPENDING: Shocking Welfare Use By Immigrants Cannot Go On!,"THE CENTER FOR IMMIGRATION STUDIES IS AMAZING AT GETTING TO THE FACTS IN THE IMMIGRATION BATTLE: They bring to the table a huge set of figures that should shock every American into action on the state AND federal level. The bottom line is that YOU are paying way too much for legal AND illegal immigrants to come to America and live off of your tax dollars! We cannot and should not go on like this! Please read up and share!A new study on the use of welfare benefits by illegal and legal immigrants in the U.S. finds that households headed by immigrants use an average of $6,200 in benefits annually, fully 41 percent higher than the rate used by native born welfare recipients:This study comes on the heels of another study finding that 51 percent of immigrant households are signed up for at least one welfare program.  Immigrants are such heavy users of welfare not because they don t work, but because, on average, they have little education and thus earn low wages,  said Mark Krikorian, executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies (CIS).  If we continue to permit large numbers of less-educated people to move here from abroad, we have to accept that there will be huge and ongoing costs to taxpayers.  The study, based on the Census Bureau s 2012 Survey of Income and Program Participation (SIPP), notes that the higher use of welfare benefits because by and large the current wave of immigrants are less educated and have fewer needed job skills and are therefore more apt to apply for welfare benefits.The study found the average immigrant household receives 33 percent more cash welfare, 57 percent more food assistance, and 44 percent more Medicaid dollars than the average native-born applicants. Additionally, the highest amount of welfare is taken by immigrants from Central America and Mexico at $8,251 per household, a rate 86 percent higher than native citizens.  The greater consumption of welfare dollars by immigrants can be explained in large part by their lower level of education and larger number of children compared to natives,  CIS said in a press release.  Over 24 percent of immigrant households are headed by a high school dropout, compared to just 8 percent of native households. In addition, 13 percent of immigrant households have three or more children, vs. just 6 percent of native households.   While it is important for Americans to understand the rate of welfare use among immigrants, expressing that use in dollar terms offers a more tangible metric that is tied to current debates over fiscal policy. With the nation facing a long-term budgetary deficit, this study helps illuminate immigration s impact on the problem,  said the report s author, Jason Richwine. Richwine also noted that even as illegal immigrants are supposed to be barred from receiving welfare they receive it anyway by applying for benefits for their American-born children, often called  anchor babies. Via: Breitbart",0
13940,BREAKING: FLINT’S DEMOCRAT MAYOR SUED After Whistleblower Rats Her Out For STEALING DONATIONS Meant For Residents,"Democrats looking for attention and along with every celebrity who has been able to find their way to the burned out city of Flint, MI have all jumped on the  It s all Michigan s Republican Governor Snyder s fault  bandwagon. In reality, there has been plenty of blame to go around. Obama s EPA Director, Gina McCarthy has plenty of culpability when it comes to the involvement of her EPA officials and the cover up of the Flint water crisis. In the end however, it s never about the people of Flint, it s about saving the hides of the inept political officials who allowed this crisis to happen. Flint Lives really don t Matter to greedy politicians like Hillary Clinton, who have used the horrible misfortune of Flint residents to gain trust and votes in the black community.Will anyone remember Hillary s support for black Democrat Mayor Karen Weaver, who is now being accused of STEALING money from charitable donations (that should have been used to support the people who are suffering in the community where she was elected) and putting it into her own campaign fund?The Flint water crisis has triggered yet another lawsuit, this one filed by the city s former administrator, who claims she was wrongfully fired for blowing the whistle on the mayor of Flint for allegedly trying to steer money from a charity for local families into a campaign fund.Former City Administrator Natasha Henderson, 39, who now lives in Muskegon, claims in a lawsuit filed today in U.S. District Court that she was terminated on Feb. 12 for seeking an investigation into allegations of misconduct by Flint Mayor Karen Weaver.Specifically, the suit alleges that Weaver directed a city employee and volunteer to steer donors away from a charity called Safe Water/Safe Homes, and instead give money to the so-called  Karenabout Flint  fund, which was a political action committee or campaign fund created at Weaver s direction.According to the lawsuit, a city employee told Henderson in confidence that she and a volunteer had previously been directing donors to the City of Flint s website, where they could give money to the Safe Water/Safe Homes charity, which helped families affected by the water crisis. But Weaver directed them to steer donors to the  Karenabout Flint  website, which the city council had not approved, the suit claims. A red flag went off when it was an unrecognizable fund,  Henderson s lawyer, Katherine Smith Kennedy, told the Free Press.  She did the right thing. She reported the matter to the city attorney. And for doing the right thing, she was punished. She was fired. The lawsuit names the City of Flint and Weaver as defendants.For entire story: Detroit Free Press",0
13941,WHOA! ROCK LEGEND Roger Daltrey Rips EU For “Raping” Southern European Countries With IMMIGRATION Nightmare,"WHO knew legendary rocker Roger Daltrey was such a patriotic guy? The Who s lead singer, Roger Daltrey feels very strongly about what s happening with the dysfunctional EU and he s making sure everyone knows how he feels about  the leaders who ve pushed immigration at the peril of the citizens.Roger Daltrey wants Britain to quit the  undemocratic, highly dysfunctional  EU which he claims is  raping  southern European countries.The Who frontman backed Brexit in an exclusive interview with The Sun, labelling our membership a  disaster .The legendary rocker said:  The only way we re going to get the Europe that we want is to get rid of this bunch of f***ing useless w***ers that are running it. He said it was  set up by a bunch of crooks , adding:  It s like these things on the internet where they tell you to read the conditions   no one s going to bloody read the conditions! But that s how they did this, we all thought we were voting for a common trade area. Blasting the impact on our own sovereignty he said:  What it s done to our Parliament is put them down to level of Parish Council. Hitting out at the unnecessary layers of Government it has created, he added:  Because there are so many politicians we get so much useless f***ing law. Attacking the way the EU has impacted on people s lives, he said:  That s the biggest issue for me, it s undemocratic, highly dysfunctional, I mean you name me one area of Europe that s functioning really well at the moment. They talk about the immigration thing being the number one issue and I think it is a big issue for our country because we are an island. But no one talks about the other side of that immigration issue   which is the fact that all those southern European countries have been robbed of their youth, the countries have been raped. Their youth have had to leave to get work, so how are they going to rebuild their futures? Read more: The SunWill anyone ever forget the passionate performance   Roger Daltrey gave in NYC at the Garden to show his support for America right after 9/11? His legendary band played for the first responders. Here s a clip from the 9/11 show just in case you didn t see it: PART ONE: ",0
13942,"O’REILLY NAILS IT! OBAMA, TRUMP And The True Meaning Of Fairness And Equality [Video]",I HEARD THIS TONIGHT ALONG WITH THE HORRIBLE SPEECH FROM OBAMA AND THOUGHT IT WAS SPOT ON! O Reilly described the Howard University speech and just how racist it was. He went on to speak of what equality real is great commentary! ,0
13943,POLITICAL HACK LORETTA LYNCH Called Out By Dr. Ben Carson On NC “Bathroom” Law [Video],"DR BEN CARSON gives his take on Loretta Lynch calling the North Carolina bathroom law controversy like Jim Crow:  Everything is like Jim Crow. Everything is like racism and segregation and slavery. What a bunch of crap. You know, they want to do that so that they can always gain the sympathy, but thinking people know better. LORETTA LYNCH ANNOUNCES A LAWSUIT AGAINST NC: ",0
13944,"HYPOCRISY: PAUL RYAN SENDS HIS KIDS TO Private School That Screens Out Muslims, But Demands We Welcome Hundreds Of Thousands Of Muslims To America","Open borders Ryan might be in for a shock when his GOP competitor, businessman Paul Nehlen gives him a run for his money in what should have been a  safe seat  for him in November.  After the Paris terrorist attack, House Speaker Paul Ryan declared that the United States cannot turn away the hundreds of thousands of Islamist migrants now being approved for visas to enter the United States. Ryan declared that it is not  appropriate  to consider the religious attitudes of would-be migrants seeking admission.After the San Bernardino terrorist attack, Ryan echoed President Obama in condemning what was described as Donald Trump s  religious test.  However, a Breitbart News investigation now reveals that while Paul Ryan wants no  religious test  for who gets admitted into America, Ryan sends his children to a private school that uses a  religious test  in its admissions process.Ryan sends his children to a Catholic school connected to the parish where he was an altar boy as a child.Breitbart News reached out to the school as a perspective applicant and obtained a copy of the school s 2015-2016 registration papers and tuition contract. The document inquires specifically into the applicant s religious background   in particular, it asks whether the applicant is a parishioner at the associated Catholic parish. The school recruits through the parish by offering a tuition discount to those who have been baptized and are members of the parish.The registration form defines what qualifies as a parishioner:A  parishioner  as defined for the purposes of this contract and the attached Addendums is a person who:Is officially registered at  [this] Catholic Parish Has had their children baptized; Fulfills the Sunday Mass obligation and other Holy Days of Obligation; Offers consistent financial support (whether weekly, monthly, quarterly, or annually) through the church offertory envelopes or direct deposit for a minimum of $800 per calendar year; Volunteers service to the parish; and Participates in parish ministries when asked, or if they feel called to share their talent of time. Instead of doing an explicit ban on Muslim students, Ryan s school applies a religious tax on non-parishioner students   thereby creating a two-tiered system for students and their families depending upon whether or not they are parishioners. The registration form explains that  the cost to educate a child at [this] School for the 2015-2016 school year is $4,673.00.  The school charges non-parishioner families a rate that is higher than the cost of educating the child:  For families who do not have at least one parent or guardian who is a parishioner, a minimum of 4,900 tuition per child will be expected. By contrast, parishioners pay less than the cost to educate one child   paying only  a minimum of $1900.00 tuition per child  plus an additional parish contribution of $800   i.e. a total of $2,200 less per year than what is owed by non-parishioners. Parishioners even receive the recruitment incentive of free pre-kindergarten.By signing the contract, parents agree that the tuition they pay  is considered an investment in the Catholic education of my child. As the registration forms explain, the school exists for the express purpose of helping to foster Catholic children:[This] school is a Catholic School established and subsidized by the members of [this] Parish, Janesville, Wisconsin for the purpose of assisting Catholic parents in fulfilling the responsibility to raise their children in the Catholic faith.Therefore, as the school s website explains, the  school primarily serves children of parish families  and non-parishioner families are welcome  as space allows. While Muslim students could presumably get into Ryan s school, the school s reliance on the parish as a recruiting center and the above-cost tuition fees would, by definition, function as a mechanism for screening them out. When Breitbart News spoke to a school representative about the school s religious diversity, the representative said that no student currently enrolled wears a headscarf, even as Paul Ryan s migration policies increasingly introduce this new element into other families  schools.Moreover, in addition to the school s religious tax in the form of higher tuition for non-parishioner students, the school also requires a certain degree of assimilation from its non-Catholic students: namely, if a non-Catholic student is admitted, she must participate in the school s religious functions, which include regular faith-based courses.If the U.S. had an immigration policy that resembled the admission policy of Speaker Ryan s school   i.e. it recruited migrants from churches and synagogues overseas and offered discounted migration to people who attended churches and synagogues   although a Muslim migrant could theoretically get in, the effect would be to substantially reduce Muslim migration and increase Christian and Jewish migration relative to it   a policy which Ryan finds reprehensible for the country, but ideal for his kids  school.While Ryan chooses to insulate his children in an academic environment that considers religion in its admissions process, he has been adamant that the American people are not entitled to be similarly selective about who comes into their country to live as their neighbors, receive their tax dollars, fill public university slots, demand affirmative action, or potentially radicalize against their own country.Days ago, Speaker Ryan even announced that he could not yet support Donald Trump against Hillary Clinton, after Trump became the presumptive GOP nominee selected by Republican voters. Several candidates   Lindsey Graham, Jeb Bush, John Kasich, and Marco Rubio   all ran on Ryan s platform and lost by immense margins. Similarly, Mitt Romney also ran on the Ryan platform and lost in a landslide, as did Eric Cantor in his own Congressional District.Reports have previously noted that one of Ryan s central disagreements with Trump stems from Trump s pledge to enact a temporary pause on Muslim migration   a policy Speaker Ryan publicly denounced even though, according to exit polling data, seven in ten GOP Wisconsin voters support Trump s plan.Trump s proposal  is not what this party stands for. And more importantly, it s not what this country stands for,  Ryan said in December.In the next eight months, the U.S. will issue more visas to Muslim migrants than the number of GOP voters in Ryan s district.Yet, not only does Ryan oppose the temporary migration pause, he has pushed to expand Muslim migration. Ryan has a two-decade long history to pushing to expand immigration rates and has championed legislation that expanded Muslim migration. Last December, Ryan ushered his omnibus spending bill through Congress, which funded visa issuances for nearly 300,000 Muslim migrants, temporary and permanent, over a 12-month time span.In an interview with Sean Hannity in November, Ryan said that he does not support any kind of  religious test  for determining who is admitted entrance into the country   even if the would-be migrants believe that  women can t drive [and] can t be seen in public without a male relative. I don t think a religious test is appropriate. That s not who we are,  Ryan said.  I don t think it s the appropriate test. However, as Andrew McCarthy has previously explained, the U.S. law does, in fact, require a religious test when it comes to making considerations about visa issuances.Ryan grounded his attack of Trump s plan to pause the admission of Muslim foreign citizens on the first amendment right of U.S. citizens.  Freedom of religion is a fundamental Constitutional principle. It s a founding principle of this country,  Ryan said.However, as Sen. Jeff Sessions has explained   contrary to a previous declaration Ryan has made   the role of a U.S. lawmaker is to represent U.S. citizens, not foreign nationals living in foreign countries. As such, Sen. Sessions explains that our first amendment protections extend to U.S. citizens, and not to foreign would-be migrants all around the globe. In his remarks arguing against an amendment offered by Sen. Patrick Leahy and supported by Senate Democrats that would move towards creating a global right to migrate, Sessions said:There are 7 billion people in the world. Choosing who can immigrate into the United States is, by definition, an exclusionary process. The goal is to select immigrants for admission based on the benefits they provide to society  In the United States, we have protections against discrimination by religion, age, disability, country of origin, etc. We have freedom of association. Rights of due process. Now imagine extending these as part of our immigration system. The logical extension of this concept results in a legal regime in which the United States cannot deny an alien admission to the United States based upon age, health, skill, family criminal history, country of origin, and so forth  If we say it is improper to consider religion, then that means it is improper for a consular official to even ask about a candidate s religious beliefs when trying to screen an applicant for entry. It would mean that even asking questions of a fianc  seeking a visa about his or her views on any religious matter   say on the idea of pluralism vs. religious supremacy   would be improper, because if it is improper to favor or disfavor a religion, it is improper to favor or disfavor any interpretation of a religion  Are we really prepared to disallow, in the consideration of tens of millions of applications for entry to the United States, any questions about religious views and attitudes? A U.S.-born citizen who subscribes to theocratic Islam has a freedom of speech that allows him to give a sermon denouncing the U.S. constitution or demanding it be changed. But  [by extending these protections to foreign nationals] a foreign religious leader living overseas could demand a tourist visa to deliver that same sermon and claim religious discrimination if it is not approved.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
13945,WOW! OBAMA Manages To Insult Black Graduates During Unreal Grad Speech [Video],Obama spoke to graduates of Howard University and managed to offend and confuse everyone with his jerky speech. He told these grads they re lucky among other things in this rant-filled lecture. No words just shock! ,0
13946,AWESOME! DENNIS MILLER Goes After The #NeverTrumpers,"DENNIS MILLER IS HAS A FANTASTIC WAY OF DRILLING DOWN A TOPIC TO GEWT TO THE HEART OF IT WITH A COMEDIC TWIST Now Actor-comedian Dennis Miller is going after the #NeverTrumpers:Don t kid yourself. At this point, any vote for anyone that is not Donald Trump is a vote for Hillary Clinton. Also, both Presidential boxes left blank is a vote for Hillary Clinton because as mindless as Liberals can be even they don t enter into suicide pacts with that petulant, whiny part of themselves. As that is your wont, fine do it! But don t bullshit yourself. You re electing Hillary Clinton because you want to elect Hillary Clinton.",0
13947,Employees Say FACEBOOK IS SUPPRESSING CONSERVATIVE NEWS…Pushing Black Lives Matter…Artificially Ordering “Trending News”,"We know firsthand what it feels like to be a  victim  of Facebook. Four years ago, we started making a lot of noise about the illegal immigrants crossing our borders. The number of people interacting with our page went from 32 MILLION to 3 million during within a year. The number of  likes  on our page had almost doubled, but the activity levels on our Facebook page had dropped over 90%. We hadn t changed a thing that we were doing during that one year span, we were just no longer showing up in the Facebook newsfeed. We still struggle with the same issue today. Even though we pay to advertise on Facebook, we only show up in the newsfeed between 2-6 times per week. Even after our readers have checked the box to see our stories  first  in their newsfeed on Facebook, they complain we are never there and that they have to physically visit our page in order to see what we re posting. Hmmm On Feb 8, 2013, Breitbart News did a story about Facebook unfairly suspending one of the two mom administrator s on our page:Anonymous sources at Facebook s news team have confirmed to Gizmodo that, in addition to suppressing conservative news sources, the company suppresses stories about itself while artificially promoting stories about the Black Lives Matter movement.This is the latest in the story of Facebook s politically biased  trending  section, which we initially reported on last week. The anonymous source told Gizmodo that stories from conservative news sources like Breitbart were regularly suppressed by the company.New details emerged today, with the anonymous employee revealing to Gizmodo that stories about Mitt Romney, Rand Paul, CPAC, and other conservative topics were prevented from reaching Facebook s  trending  category. Furthermore, stories about progressive movements like Black Lives Matter were artificially promoted by the company.According to Gizmodo, the source kept a list of stories that were  deep sixed,  or prevented from trending on Facebook. They include a laundry list of topics of interest to conservatives.Among the deep-sixed or suppressed topics on the list: former IRS official Lois Lerner, who was accused by Republicans of inappropriately scrutinizing conservative groups; Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker; popular conservative news aggregator the Drudge Report; Chris Kyle, the former Navy SEAL who was murdered in 2013; and former Fox News contributor Steven Crowder.Gizmodo explains that, far from reflecting the interests of the social network s users, the site s  trending  list instead reflects the biases of its news team.In other words, Facebook s news section operates like a traditional newsroom, reflecting the biases of its workers and the institutional imperatives of the corporation. Imposing human editorial values onto the lists of topics an algorithm spits out is by no means a bad thing but it is in stark contrast to the company s claims that the trending module simply lists  topics that have recently become popular on Facebook. In other words, Facebook s role in the dissemination of news is beginning to resemble that of the Old Media gatekeepers the company initially claimed to be  disrupting.  Like MSNBC or CNN, Facebook is going to feed its users information from the top down, mediated by its employees  own political prejudices   just as I predicted it would last month.In addition to suppressing stories, Gizmodo s sources also confirmed that they were also directed to  inject  certain stories into the trending list even if they weren t popular enough to warrant inclusion. Unsurprisingly, these included stories about Black Lives Matter, a movement that Mark Zuckerberg has personally defended from internal critics at the company.Facebook got a lot of pressure about not having a trending topic for Black Lives Matter,  the individual said.  They realized it was a problem, and they boosted it in the ordering. They gave it preference over other topics. When we injected it, everyone started saying,  Yeah, now I m seeing it as number one .  This particular injection is especially noteworthy because the #BlackLivesMatter movement originated on Facebook, and the ensuing media coverage of the movement often noted its powerful social media presence.The company also instructs its curators to avoid promoting stories about Facebook itself   a useful barrier against articles that could make the company look bad. When it was a story about the company, we were told not to touch it,  said one former curator.  It had to be cleared through several channels, even if it was being shared quite a bit. We were told that we should not be putting it on the trending tool. Something tells me this article won t be appearing on Facebook s trending list anytime soon.Despite Facebook curators actively suppressing articles from Breitbart News, it is still the 15th largest publisher in the world for Facebook engagement, #12 in the world for Facebook shares of its stories, and #10 in the world for Facebook comments. It begs the question how much bigger Breitbart News  reach would be if Facebook employees were not intentionally holding back Breitbart s exposure on the social media platform.Breitbart News issued an official statement in reaction to these latest revelations:Breitbart News has remained in the top 25 Facebook publishers for six months in a row, despite the new reports confirming what conservatives have long suspected: Facebook s trending news artificially mutes conservatives and amplifies progressives.Facebook claims its algorithm simply populates  topics that have recently become popular on Facebook  in its trending news section, but now we know that s not true.In a spirit of transparency and community, we invite Mark Zuckerberg to do a Facebook Live interview with Breitbart News Tech Editor Milo Yiannopoulos to explain to the tens of millions of conservatives on Facebook why they re being discriminated against.Breitbart Tech has long warned that despite their outward commitments to political neutrality, hyper-progressive Silicon Valley companies like Facebook would inevitably imprint their own biases on the flow of information. It seems those warnings were not amiss.Via: Breitbart News",0
13948,JUDGE RULES: Obama White House Showed ‘Bad Faith’ In Global-Warming Case,"A judge just told us all what we ve known for 7 years the Obama administration lies like a rug to cover up or to further their agenda. This is the third time a judge has slapped down the Obama White House for their  lack of transparency liars all! The funny thing is that the judge said he s  troubled  by all this lying and  misleading the court yes, we are too ;0The White House showed  bad faith  in how it handled an open-records request for global warming data, a federal court ruled Monday, issuing yet another stinging rebuke to the administration for showing a lack of transparency.For President Obama, who vowed to run the most transparent government in U.S. history, Judge Amit P. Mehta s ruling granting legal  discovery  in an open-records case   the third time this year a judge has ordered discovery   is an embarrassing black eye.In this most recent case, the Competitive Enterprise Institute was trying to force the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy to release documents backing up Director John C. Holdren s finding that global warming was making winters colder   a claim disputed by climate scientists. Mr. Holdren s staffers first claimed they couldn t find many documents, then tried to hide their release, saying they were all internal or were similar to what was already public.But each of those claims turned out not to be true. At some point, the government s inconsistent representations about the scope and completeness of its searches must give way to the truth-seeking function of the adversarial process, including the tools available through discovery. This case has crossed that threshold,  the judge wrote.Discovery is considered exceedingly rare in Freedom of Information Act cases, because the government is given the benefit of the doubt in claiming it tried to search for and release documents. But in three cases so far this year, judges have said called the Obama administration s efforts into question, finding severe oversights that suggest  bad faith. Both of the other cases involve the State Department s handling of former Secretary Hillary Clinton s emails.In the OSTP case, conservative activists were trying to get a look at how the agency director, John P. Holdren came to the conclusion that global warming was causing more severe winters   a finding that scientists generally dispute.The OSTP repeatedly botched its efforts to search for and produce the chain of work for Mr. Holdren s conclusions. Initially the office said it found just 11 pages of documents, none of which included drafts of the director s final conclusions. Later, the office admitted it found 47 pages of drafts, but tried to withhold them, claiming they were protected from release because they were only seen within the administration. Both of those impressions turned out to be mistaken,  Judge Mehta said.OSTP then said there were 52 total pages of drafts, only one person outside the administration saw a draft and that document was similar to what the OSTP had already produced. All three of those impressions also turned out to be mistaken,  Judge Mehta wrote, adding in a footnote that he was  troubled  by the government s statements that misled the court.Read more: WT",0
13949,WHOA! West Virginia Coal Miners Just Made Powerful VIDEO To Make Sure Hillary Is NOT America’s Next President,"The economic devastation is very real in West Virginia. Obama promised to shut down the coal industry as one of his bold campaign promises in 2008. Hillary s plan is to keep the dream of shutting down the coal industry alive long after Obama is out of office. Coal miners are taking and stand and letting America know they are not going to sit back and watch their livelihoods and towns destroyed by a radical leftist President. Watch here:https://youtu.be/Gbj5WwwEkJw Let s put it this way. Hillary Clinton says she s going to shut you down. Bernie Sanders says the same thing. Then you got Donald Trump saying we re going to put you back to work, we re going to save your jobs. I mean, that means a whole lot to us. Whether it s true or not, the man is the first one who says we re going to put you back to work. So I m going to support him. I mean if he goes back on his word, we got another election if four years, we ll vote him out. West Virginia Coal Association VP speaks out against Hillary here: ",0
13950,ADMIRAL JAMES “ACE” LYONS WARNS: What The Joint Chiefs Should Do To Stop The Transformation Of Our Military,"Admiral Ace Lyons has warned us all before in a viral video about Obama and his  transformation  of our military. He s yet another great commentary on what s happened to us and what the Joint Chiefs should do The Joint Chiefs of Staff is the one institution that has the status to sound the alarm to warn the American public to stop the transformation of this great country and our military. Failure to do so would be a dereliction of duty.  Admiral Lyons There is no question that America s worldwide leadership, power and influence have been significantly degraded over the last seven and a half years. The basic reason, regretfully, is that President Obama has been very successful in the implementation of his goal to fundamentally transform America. In so doing, he has undercut the Judeo-Christian foundation of this great country while at the same time promoting the advancement of Islam throughout our society   including the U.S. military. Clearly, any thinking American understands that this transformation, at its core, is anti-American and anti-Western. Yet it is also pro-Islam, pro-Iranianand pro-Muslim Brotherhood. Compounding this travesty is Mr. Obama s decision to embrace our sworn enemies. Unbelievable.When you want to take a country down, first you neutralize its military capability. Craig Luther, who served as a civilian historian with the U.S. Air Force for nearly 30 years, addresses this treasonous situation in unmistakable terms in his April 22, 2016 Front Page magazine article. While he primarily discusses the evisceration of the U.S. Navy by Secretary Ray Mabus, Mr. Luther s article actually applies to all of the services. Mr. Obama s relentless transformation of the military while ignoring the instability and worldwide threats we face has not only been dangerous, it has jeopardized our national security. Our force levels have been diminished to levels not seen since prior to World War II. In the U.S. Navy s case, levels such as these have not been seen since World War I. This unilateral disarmament is being done under the guise of sequestration, an Obama administration initiative. Furthermore, the all-volunteer force is being decimated by forcing out tens of thousands of well-qualified male personnel under the guise of diversity.One of the first  cultural  norms attacked was to destroy the moral underpinnings of the military by the removal of the  Don t Ask   Don t Tell  mandate. This has led to the forced acceptance of open homosexuality. It has had a clear negative impact on unit integrity, cohesiveness and retention. The propaganda statements by Secretary of Defense Ash Carter that this transformation has been a great success are nonsense! In 2014, there were over 10,000  reported  unwarranted male-on-male advances. If the Mr. Carter thinks this is a great success, I d hate to see what he thinks failure looks like.Compounding this travesty is Mr. Carter s decision to allow  transgender  members of the military to serve openly starting this year. This is unconscionable. Dr. Paul McHugh, former head psychiatrist at John Hopkins, stated in a July 12, 2015 Wall Street Journal article that our policymakers are doing a disservice to the public (and certainly to the military) by treating transgender s confusion as a  right  rather than as a  mental disorder  that deserves understanding, treatment and prevention. He went on to state that this disorder should not be treated as a  civil rights  issue. Clearly, the military should not be burdened with this problem. In my view, embracing the  LGBT  agenda is a slow decline toward paganism.Because of Mr. Carter s vast military background obtained at the ivy-covered walls of Yale, he ignored countless studies and personally overruled the U.S. Marine Corps (as did Mr. Mabus), opening all combat roles to women   including infantry, artillery, special forces and Navy Seals. All of these debilitating social engineering directives are being imposed by people who, for the most part, have never served in the military and never will. Furthermore, we don t want them to. This is all being done under the mantel of  diversity.  When you are dealing with the lives of military personnel and the security of the country, we must have the best and brightest. That used to be the standard. Nothing less should be acceptable.The  multicultural  makeover of our military threatens to undermine the very fabric of our military forces, and is being accelerated with no apparent opposition from our military or congressional leaders. This is due in part to the fact that one of the founding principles of the military s culture is that it is subjected to civilian control. This is as it should be. It highlights not only the importance, but the loyalty and high esteem that the military holds for the office of the president of the United States and his role as commander in chief. However, Mr. Obama has used the military s founding principle of civilian control to impose his debilitating directives which are destroying the military s warrior mentality and the  will to win.  As Mr. Luther stated, the objective appears to be that of a complete irreversible cultural transformation of our military.Clearly, when the presidential office has been corrupted by multiple unconstitutional acts and has issued directives that have neutralized our superior military capability (e.g., restrictive Rules of Engagement that have caused the unnecessary loss of thousands of military lives and permanent injuries), then our military leaders must take a position. Silence is acceptance. Those who remain silent are complicit with the transformation and destruction of our military forces. They are violating their oath of office.The Joint Chiefs of Staff is the one institution that has the status to sound the alarm to warn the American public to stop the transformation of this great country and our military. Failure to do so would be a dereliction of duty.  James A. Lyons, a retired U.S. Navy admiral, was commander in chief of the U.S. Pacific Fleet and senior U.S. military representative to the United Nations.Via: WT",0
13951,BLACK FEMALE RAPPER Endorses Trump: “Black Folks Have Been Voting Democrat For Last 70 Years And We Don’t Have Shit To Show For It…Hillary Treats Us Like ‘PETS'”,"We may not agree with MOST of what rapper Azalea Banks has to say, but she is a fierce defender of free speech and as such, has come out with a flurry of in-your-face tweets to the black, typically Democrat voters, announcing her supporting Donald Trump. Donald Trump can add another member of Hollywood to his list of supporters.Azalea Banks offered her support for Donald Trump in a series of tweets that started out with,  I REALLY want Donald Trump to win the election. She went on to say  Trump just wants the U.S. to be lavish for all of us.  Her tweet seems to suggest that Trump wants everyone to have the opportunity to prosper in America. She followed it up by saying,  Hillary talks to black people as if we re children or pets. i can t stand herrrrr. When her followers called her out, suggesting Trump was a  racist  and  symbol of hatred,  Banks replied:Banks defends her right to her opinion against angry Twitter followers over her endorsement of Trump: It wasn t that long ago Azealia Banks called for the gang rape of Sarah Palin. We re not so sure her endorsement is one that Donald Trump will embrace. ",0
13952,CNN’S CUOMO Gets Ripped Apart By Trump…Bravo! [Video],"Donald Trump was on a phone interview with CNN s Chris Cuomo and let him have it! Cuomo started out with a question about Trump attacking Hillary and Trump was livid. It s damn refreshing to see the left wing media get a shove. Bravo Trump!  First of all you should congratulate me for having won the race. I thought, you know, at least there would be a small congratulations, but I m not surprised with CNN, because that s the way they treat Trump. It s the, you know, they call it the Clinton Network and I believe that.  ",0
13953,Swedish Mother KICKS Daughter Out Of Her Room To House Refugee…Refugee Promptly Sexually Assaults 10 Year Old Daughter,"A tale of a mother and the dangerous religion of progressivism Putting her radical liberal ideology before the safety and well-being of her own children A Swedish mother decided it would be a good idea to open up her home to a male refugee from Eritrea, and so she kicked her daughter out of her room to make space. That refugee then decided to sexually assault her 10-year-old daughter.In the summer of 2015, a mother of three children in Sweden brought two third world asylum seekers into her home. To make space, she decided to move her daughter Emma into her own room.On the eve of Aug. 18, 2015, Emma awoke to find Isaac squeezing her chest. She suffered breast pain after the incident and didn t want to tell anyone, as she was afraid her mother would get in trouble. Emma couldn t even look at Isaac because  he looked scary to her. The story came out after Emma finally told a friend of hers, and eventually after several people became aware of the situation, Isaac was confronted.He protested he would never sexually assault Emma, since he has a girlfriend back in Eritrea. But after further questioning, he finally admitted to groping Emma s breasts. When the police questioned him, Isaac changed his testimony and denied he had ever touched her.Isaac meanwhile maintains he s only 15, since he started school in Eritrea when he was 10 and then went to school for an additional seven years. He finished school two years ago, which according to him, makes him only 15.The Lund District Court finds this sort of calculation bizarre, but the judge has decided to move forward with the case under the assumption that he is, in fact, just 15. The judge sentenced Isaac on Friday based on the charge of juvenile sexual assault, which means he ll be sent to counseling.In the counseling process, he ll apparently learn to control his impulses and process through past experiences in his life that may have caused him to act out the way he did.Meanwhile, Emma s brother says he s never seen his sister so distraught. She cries often, even though according to her brother, she s very strong.Yet, despite what Isaac did, he ll be able to stay in Sweden.Via: Daily Caller ",0
13954,OBAMA’S LAST MOVE: Here’s How He’ll Force Suburbs To Become Less White And Less Wealthy,"Obama and HUD want to give one last freebie to the Dem voters this Fall using YOUR tax dollars! This is a last big push to make the suburbs less white and less wealthy. Stanley Kurtz has written a book on this scheme and goes into great detail on the plan by Obama to force a  fundamental change  in how we live. This is evil and doesn t work. It was tried in Dallas with disastrous results! Once again, Obama s agenda comes before the American people. Although HUD s  demonstration project  may have improved the lives of some who moved, it s ended up harming the lives of many of their new neighbors. And now Castro wants to roll it out nationwide. Soon he will give Section 8 recipients money to afford rent wherever they choose   and if they don t want to move, he ll make them an offer they can t refuse. Hillary s rumored running mate, Housing Secretary Julian Castro, is cooking up a scheme to reallocate funding for Section 8 housing to punish suburbs for being too white and too wealthy.The scheme involves super-sizing vouchers to help urban poor afford higher rents in pricey areas, such as Westchester County, while assigning them government real-estate agents called  mobility counselors  to secure housing in the exurbs.Castro plans to launch the Section 8 reboot this fall, even though a similar program tested a few years ago in Dallas has been blamed for shifting violent crime to affluent neighborhoods.It s all part of a grand scheme to forcibly desegregate inner cities and integrate the outer suburbs.Anticipating NIMBY resistance, Castro last month threatened to sue suburban landlords for discrimination if they refuse even Section 8 tenants with criminal records. And last year, he implemented a powerful new regulation    Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing    that pressures all suburban counties taking federal grant money to change local zoning laws to build more low-income housing (landlords of such properties are required to accept Section 8 vouchers).Castro is expected to finalize the new regulation, known as  Small-Area Fair Market Rents  (SAFMR), this October, in the last days of the Obama presidency.It will set voucher rent limits by ZIP code rather than metro area, the current formula, which makes payments relatively small. For example, the fair market rent for a one-bedroom in New York City is about $1,250, which wouldn t cover rentals in leafy areas of Westchester County, such as Mamaroneck, where Castro and his social engineers seek to aggressively resettle Section 8 tenants.[The Section 8 reboot] is all part of a grand scheme to forcibly desegregate inner cities and integrate the outer suburbs. In expensive ZIP codes, Castro s plan   which requires no congressional approval   would more than double the standard subsidy, while also covering utilities. At the same time, he intends to reduce subsidies for those who choose to stay in housing in poor urban areas, such as Brooklyn. So Section 8 tenants won t just be pulled to the suburbs, they ll be pushed there. We want to use our housing-choice vouchers to ensure that we don t have a concentration of poverty and the aggregation of racial minorities in one part of town, the poor part of town,  the HUD chief said recently, adding that he s trying to undo the  result of discriminatory policies and practices in the past, and sometimes even now. A draft of the new HUD rule anticipates more than 350,000 Section 8 voucher holders will initially be resettled under the SAFMR program. Under Obama, the total number of voucher households has grown to more than 2.2 million.The document argues that larger vouchers will allow poor urban families to  move into areas that potentially have better access to jobs, transportation, services and educational opportunities.  In other words, offering them more money to move to more expensive neighborhoods will improve their situation.But HUD s own studies show the theory doesn t match reality. President Bill Clinton started a similar program in 1994 called  Moving to Opportunity Initiative,  which moved thousands of mostly African-American families from government projects to higher quality homes in safer and less racially segregated neighborhoods in several counties across the country.The 15-year experiment bombed.A 2011 study sponsored by HUD found that adults using more generous Section 8 vouchers did not get better jobs or get off welfare. In fact, more went on food stamps. And their children did not do better in their new schools.Worse, crime simply followed them to their safer neighborhoods, ruining the quality of life for existing residents. Males were arrested more often than those in the control group, primarily for property crimes,  the study found.Dubuque, Iowa, for example, received an influx of voucher holders from projects in Chicago   and it s had a problem with crime ever since. A recent study linked Dubuque s crime wave directly to Section 8 housing.Of course, even when reality mugs leftists, they never scrap their social theories. They just double down.The problem, they rationalized, was that the relocation wasn t aggressive enough. They concluded they could get the desired results if they placed urban poor in even more affluent areas.HUD recently tested this new theory in Dallas with disastrous results.Read more: NYP",0
13955,“I Think My Dog’s A Democrat” [VIDEO],A MUST watch video!https://youtu.be/-5Z-jJ2Z4bU,0
13956,PLANNED PARENTHOOD Draws Outrage After Mother’s Day Tweet,"The irony of the Tweet put out on Mother s Day by Planned Parenthood is certainly not lost on us. The cognitive dissonance of a baby killing, baby parts seller promoting motherhood is a nutty comment! Planned Parenthood, the nation s largest abortion provider, on Sunday celebrated Mother s Day with a tweet picturing two mothers holding their children. Planned Parenthood is committed to building a world that values, respects, and supports safe and wanted motherhood,  a caption on the picture reads. Social media users were quick to point out the cognitive dissonance of an abortion provider celebrating mothers. Does anybody else see the irony of abortion provider Planned Parenthood wishing a Happy Mother s Day?  Angel C tweeted. Appalling!  chimed in Jana Allen. But I guess not all unborn babies matter,  another Twitter user said.  The unborn are innocent victims murdered at PP. Via: WT",0
13957,WHY DONALD TRUMP Will Be The Next President…What The Media Doesn’t Want You To See [Video],This is great!  It s refreshing to hear somebody not be a wuss  -best line of the video! ,0
13958,FIVE REASONS You Should Vote For Donald Trump [Video],"(LANGUAGE WARNING:) If you re a Donald Trump supporter like Gavin McInnes, it can be hard dealing with anti-Trump fanatics. He presents great talking points for your next argument! ",0
13959,VIRAL VIDEO: HOW WE CAN WIN In Our Last Stand Against The Progressive Left…THIS IS AWESOME! [VIDEO],"This is it this is our LAST CHANCE to turn the conservative ship around and put America first! Chances are really great that if Hillary is elected in 2016 that she ll spend not 4 but 8 years in the White House. Get ready for 8 more years of the Obama policy. Want gun control? Want soft socialism? If you want these two devastating things then vote Hillary BUT if you don t then you need to back our candidate and fight hard as hell for a win in November. There is no perfect candidate so get over the things that YOU don t find perfect about TRUMP. I honestly had a difficult time at first when I looked into Romney s past political positions but felt he was a bright ray of conservative sunshine compared to Obama. Please listen to the fantastic speech on UNITY given by Andrew Breitbart that ll hit home. If you don t back our candidate then you are giving us liberal Supreme Court Justices, gun control and soft socialism. Please listen and share! ",0
13960,PRO-HILLARY SAUDI PRINCE JUST Gave Americans A Great Reason To Vote For Trump,"It wasn t a direct endorsement of Trump, but when American voters see why Turki al-Faisal is speaking out against Trump, after donating to Hillary s crooked  charitable  foundation, it will make you want to vote for him.A Saudi prince has urged Americans not to vote for Donald Trump in the upcoming general election.Turki al-Faisal, who served as Saudia Arabia s ambassador to the US from 2005 to 2007, spoke against the presumptive Republican nominee during a foreign policy dinner in Washington, DC on Thursday.As Of September 30, 2015, Turki Al Faisal Al Saud Has Donated Between $100,001 And $250,000 To The Clinton Foundation, Including A New Donation In The Third Quarter Of 2015. (Clinton Foundation, Accessed 10/29/15)He blasted Trump s proposal to ban Muslims from entering the US, which the billionaire first formulated in December last year before renewing his vow on Wednesday. For the life of me, I cannot believe that a country like the United States can afford to have someone as president who simply says,  These people are not going to be allowed to come to the United States,  Turki said according to the Huffington Post. It s up to you, it s not up to me,  Turki added.  I just hope you, as American citizens, will make the right choice in November. Turki, who went to Georgetown University in Washington, DC, isn t currently part of Saudia Arabia s government but serves as the chairman of the King Faisal Center for Research and Islamic Studies, a cultural organization that conducts research in politics, sociology and heritage.",0
13961,"GOODBYE, LONDON! Here’s The Lowdown On The Muslim Mayor Who Calls Moderate Muslims “Uncle Toms” [Video]","Paul Weston, chairman of Liberty GB, reacts to the election of Sadiq Khan as Mayor of London. This is a man connected with numerous extremists, and who has an extremely questionable past. Goodbye London!",0
13962,OUCH! BUSH “BESTIE” Goes Against GOP Elites…ENDORSES TRUMP [VIDEO],"That s gonna leave a mark Former Vice President Dick Cheney will support Donald Trump, he told CNN Friday, an important move as the presumptive Republican nominee is encountering intense resistance from senior members of his own party.Cheney told CNN Special Correspondent Jamie Gangel that he has always supported the GOP nominee and will do so this year as well.CNN tried to coerce Cheney into a Trump endorsement only one month ago. Cheney wisely chose to wait and see who the people of America chose to be their nominee. Watch:The announcement makes Cheney one of the few Republican Party elders to announce their support of Trump and comes a day after House Speaker Paul Ryan told CNN he is  just not ready  to back Trump.The father-son duo have endorsed every GOP nominee since each of them left the White House, but it seems they ll draw the line with Trump and his anti-globalist campaign.Dubya is also likely sore with Trump for winning South Carolina after he pointed out the former president not only failed to prevent 9/11, but also accused the Bush administration of duping the public into supporting the 2003 invasion of Iraq.And Trump also called for the release of the missing 28 pages from 9/11 report, which were classified to protect the Bush family s connections with Saudi Arabia, according to those who have read the pages. That s very serious stuff,  Trump told Fox in April.  It s sort of nice to know who your friends are and perhaps who your enemies are. You re going to see some very revealing things released in those papers. It isn t surprising then that the Bushes won t endorse Trump, but that actually benefits the mogul who sealed the GOP nomination by tapping into the vast, anti-establishment sentiment shared by millions of U.S. voters both inside and outside the Republican Party. People in Washington need to recognize the reason that Trump is winning is because they (his supporters) feel like people in Washington have helped them lose and they re sick of it,  Mike Huckabee pointed out.  That s what this election is largely about, it s an overthrow of the government  we ought to be glad that it is a peaceful revolution with ballots rather than one with bullets.   The donor class runs the political environment in this country and people are waking up to that and they are tired of it. The populist movement was already there before Trump announced his candidacy last June; he simply grew into a wildfire powered by the vast winds of dissatisfied, everyday people.And Trump s crossover support which transcends traditional party lines reveals he has completely transformed U.S. politics forever.Via: InfoWars",0
13963,POLL: Who Should Donald Trump Choose For Vice President?, ,0
13964,OOPS! HECKLERS FORCE HILLARY OFF Stage In LA After Only One Minute [VIDEO],"Karma s a bitch or is it the other way around? LA doesn't seem to like Hillary Clinton..her campaign rally today lasted less than a minute. This is over half of it pic.twitter.com/5IwqTTuTqv  Alison Arkin (@Cronikeys) May 7, 2016",0
13965,CROOKED HILLARY LIES AGAIN…This Is Becoming An Everyday Occurrence,"Hillary Clinton was asked a question about the FBI contacting her or her representatives and gave a flat out lie does she not know Americans read and watch the news? This is nutty behavior! Granny needs to get a grip and come clean!Does Hillary Clinton figure she can say whatever she wants as long as it s not exposed as a lie that same day?On Tuesday, MSNBC s Andrea Mitchell asked her outright:  Have you been contacted   or your representatives contacted   by the FBI to set up an interview  over her e-mail mess?Clinton gave a flat  no. Two days later, news broke that the FBI has already interviewed Clinton s closest confidant, Huma Abedin, and other top aides. And officials close to the probe say Hillary s to be interviewed in the next few weeks   which means she s surely been contacted.READ MORE: NYP",0
13966,KRISPY KREME Worker REFUSES To Serve Cop: ” I don’t do the POlice”,"She doesn t  do POlice  until someone threatens to do harm to her or someone she knows Richland County, SC   A Krispy Kreme employee is in hot water after they refused to serve a deputy with the Richland County Sheriff s Department at the Clemson Road location for the sole reasoning being he was a cop.The sheriff s department confirmed the incident and said  the poor actions of one employee does not properly represent the views and values of the community, business, organization as a whole,  read a statement.   WACH-FOX57Don t let this story of one bad employee discourage you from patronizing Krispy Kreme. Here is a great example of Krispy Kreme partnering with local police in Greenville, SC in 2013:Local law enforcement personnel joined forces for the annual  Cops on Top of a Doughnut Shop  fundraiser, benefiting the Special Olympics.  FOX Carolina ",0
13967,WATCH 8TH Grader DESTROY Disgraced Detroit City Council Member And Wife Of US Representative In Debate [VIDEO],"Watching this video will help anyone who is curious about why the city of Detroit continues to be bailed out of trouble like an irresponsible child with a trust fund. This video of Detroit City Council member Monica Conyers (D), wife of US Representative John Conyers helps to explain the type of character Detroit voters have been placing their trust in for decades. This is an older video, but definitely worth sharing.Shortly after this debate with an 8th grader, City Councilwoman Monica Conyers was found guilty of bribery and sent to prison for 3 years.Former Detroit City councilwoman, Monica Conyers was sentenced to more than three years in prison for bribery after a federal judge refused to set aside her guilty plea during a stormy court hearing dominated by a dispute over evidence of other payoffs.As guards cleared the packed courtroom, Monica Conyers yelled that she planned to appeal. The wife of U.S. Rep. John Conyers, D-Mich., wanted to withdraw her guilty plea, suggesting she was the victim of  badgering  last year when she admitted taking cash to support a Houston company s sludge contract with the city.But U.S. District Judge Avern Cohn, reviewing a transcript of the June hearing, said Conyers had denied any coercion and voluntarily pleaded guilty to conspiracy.Conyers, 45, is the biggest catch so far in the FBI s wide-ranging investigation of corruption in Detroit city government. Nine people have pleaded guilty, including two former directors of the downtown convention center, and prosecutors have promised more charges are coming. Bribery is a betrayal of trust,  Cohn told Conyers after announcing a 37-month prison term for her  egregious  crime. She quit the council after pleading guilty in June.Conyers  plea deal was limited to taking bribes to support a contract with Synagro worth $47 million a year. But the recent trial of her former aide, Sam Riddle, exposed a series of alleged schemes involving others making payoffs to do business at city hall.Prosecutors said Riddle and Conyers collected $69,500 by shaking people down and urged Cohn to consider the alleged crimes when sentencing her. Defense lawyer Steve Fishman firmly objected and demanded a separate hearing.Conyers declared,  I m not going to jail for something I didn t do. Before the hearing, Conyers moved around the courtroom like a playful host, blowing kisses to supporters while wearing dark sunglasses. Her husband, who has an office in the federal courthouse, was not in the courtroom. Spokesman Jonathan Godfrey said he didn t know his whereabouts. Via: Huff PostDespite her going to prison, losing her political job and often embarrassing the family with her behavior in City Hall, U.S. Rep. John Conyers does not want a divorce from his feisty wife, Monica Conyers, his lawyer told the Free Press on Monday.The former Detroit city councilwoman filed for divorce last month, claiming the marriage has fallen apart beyond repair. But her 86-year-old husband wants to work things out.  Detroit Free Press",0
13968,"LOL! OBAMA WARNS VOTERS Donald Trump Is Unvetted, Unserious…”This is not a reality show”","Says the guy who was a Jr. Senator and Community Organizer prior to becoming President of the United States.   And who can forget our  selfie  President?And then there s the famous Nelson Mandela funeral selfie:President Obama skewered Donald Trump on Friday, warning that the Republicans  presumptive nominee isn t serious enough for the presidency, his plans aren t plausible, and his ideas haven t been vetted sufficiently.Let s not forget that when Obama was living in his own little narcissistic world and making a contribution to absolutely no-one Trump was busy creating jobs.Obama continued: He has a long record that needs to be examined. And I think it s important for us ot take seriously the statements he s made in the past,  Obama said.  We are in serious times and this is a really serious job. This is not entertainment. This is not a reality show. These were Obama s first extended comments about Trump since the New York mogul cemented his role as the presumptive GOP nominee on Tuesday night. He spoke in the White House briefing room, using remarks on the economy and a crackdown on tax evasion as an opportunity to air his views. It was clear he expected questions about Trump, and intended to use the appearance to discuss the new phase of the election. This is a contest for the presidency of the United States and what that means is that every candidate, every nominee needs to be subject to exacting standards and genuine scrutiny,  he said.Via: Dallas Morning NewsSpeaking of  scrutiny :Here is a Breitbart News top ten list of things that Obama has refused to release (a complete list would fill volumes):10. State senate papers. In the 2008 primary, Obama criticized Hillary Clinton for not releasing papers from her eight years as First Lady but failed to produce any papers from his eight years in Springfield.  They could have been thrown out,  he said.9. Academic transcripts. His supposed academic brilliance was a major selling point, but Obama (by his own admission) was a mediocre student. His GPA at Occidental was a B-plus at best, and his entering class at Columbia was weak. Can he prove his merit?8. Book proposal. Obama s literary agent claimed he was  born in Kenya for sixteen years. His original book proposal exists biographer David Maraniss refers to it and seems to have embellished other key details of his life. Yet it has never been released.7. Medical records. In 2000, and again (briefly) in 2008, GOP presidential candidate Sen. John McCain released thousands of pages of his medical records. Obama, who had abused drugs and continued smoking, merely provided a one-page doctor s note.6. Small-dollar donors. In 2008, the McCain campaign released the names of donors who had contributed less than $200, though it was not required to do so. But the Obama campaign refused, amidst accusations it had accepted illegal foreign contributions.5. The Khalidi tape. In 2003, Obama attended a party for his good friend, the radical Palestinian academic Rashid Khalidi. The event featured incendiary anti-Israel rhetoric. The LA Times broke the story, but has refused to release the tape and so has Obama.4. The real White House guest list. Touting its transparency, the Obama White House released its guest logs but kept many visits secret, and moved meetings with lobbyists off-site. It also refused to confirm the identities of visitors like Bertha Lewis of ACORN.3. Countless FOIA requests. The Obama administration has been described as  the worst  ever in complying with Freedom of Information Act requests for documents. It has also punished whistleblowers like David Walpin, who exposed cronyism in Americorps.2. Health reform negotiations. Candidate Obama promised that health care reform negotiations would be televised on C-SPAN. Instead, there were back-room deals worth millions with lobbyists and legislators the details of which are only beginning to emerge.1. Fast and Furious documents. After months of stonewalling Congress, Attorney General Eric Holder asked President Obama to use executive privilege to conceal thousands of documents related to the deadly scandal and Obama did just that.In addition to the above, Obama and his campaign have lied about many facts about his past his membership in the New Party; his extensive connections with ACORN; and his continued relationship with domestic terrorist Bill Ayers and Jeremiah Wright, among other examples. Obama s own memoir is filled with fabrications. And now he is lying about his opponent s honorable record in business. He and the media have no shame.And oh yeah one more thing that we almost forgot:",0
13969,NOT KIDDING: ARIZONA NEWSPAPER Concerned Border Fence Too High For Illegals To Cross Safely,"When the fence keeps them from making it to the polls, the Democrats start complaining  A mainstream Arizona newspaper is decrying the small section of the Arizona-Mexico border that has a 14-foot-high primary fence because it is too high for illegal immigrants to safely cross. The article,  Border Fence Jumpers Breaking Bones,  includes the claim that sections of the border with a 14-foot-high fence are  as tall as a two or three-story house  and tells the stories of several women who broke bones and were treated extensively to healthcare and surgeries at the expense of U.S. taxpayers. The writer never mentions any lives directly lost as a result of there not being a border fence in most sections, such as when Mexican nationals crossed into the U.S. and murdered father and husband Robert Rosas, a U.S. Border Patrol agent.The article in question was written by Perla Trevizo for the Arizona Daily Star. In the excerpt below, note the section s subtitle and the casual mention that the foreign woman had been deported multiple times prior:A DREAM ENDSFor some, the fence is a last resort.Maria Ibarra, 28 and also from Oaxaca, had tried crossing through Nogales and El Paso in April, but both times she was sent back to Mexico.This time she was determined to get through. She left her 10-year-old son with her parents in Oaxaca. He was born in South Carolina, where she lived for two years before going back to Mexico in 2006 so her parents and siblings could meet her son.Once there, she said, her son started losing his hearing in one ear and having seizures. All I wanted was an opportunity to fight my case,  she said. She hoped her son could join her or maybe she could get a permit to visit the hospitals where he was first treated. But she already had a couple of deportations and a voluntary return to Mexico.Interestingly, the part about the woman hoping her son could join her is errant in not mentioning that once her son does join her in the U.S., the woman and her son would likely be permitted to stay because they would then be an incomplete family unit.The assertion that the border fence is as tall as a two or three-story house came from Fernando Valdez, Mexico s deputy consul general in Nogales, Arizona. He was quoted as stating,  What surprises us is that people continue to jump from heights that can be the equivalent of a two- or even three-story house,  he said.  But we hear they feel pressured to do it because they are holding the line or they start insulting them, telling them to jump. The second part of his statement appears to be directed towards U.S. Border Patrol agents, but the writer left the intended direction of the assertion ambiguous. Of course, if that be the case, the Border Patrol routinely saves illegal immigrants  lives, as the article inadvertently makes clear. Mexican authorities routinely demonize and attack U.S. Border Patrol agents, even in cases where agents have acted in self-defense against the violent narco-traffickers or other violent individuals.Perhaps the most disturbing aspect of the advocacy article is that the writer did not mention why a segmented border security fence exists. The fence, which contrary to left-of-center media assertions does not encompass most of the border, was built largely to stop violent criminals from their routine entering and existing of U.S. communities. Two instances come to mind, though in both cases the  wall  has yet to be built in those specific segments. In 2002, the FBI engaged in a sting operation in Sunland Park, New Mexico along the U.S.-Mexico Border. The effort was spurred by Mexicans routinely crossing the border and robbing trains of cargo. Mexicans would jump the small chain-link fence that served as the area s only border security and rob the train cars. They would then simply jump back across the fence and U.S. authorities were powerless to stop them. Mexican authorities, often corrupted by the criminal organizations behind the robberies and thefts, did nothing to stop the crimes.Two FBI special agents got separated from their group in the sting. One of them was a woman. The two agents were surrounded by dozens of Mexican nationals who beat them unconscious and caused severe injuries, including broken facial bones. A federal agent with knowledge of the incident spoke to Breitbart Texas on the condition of anonymity and said,  There were indicators that the Mexican nationals were trying to drag the unconscious body of the female FBI agent back with them into Mexico. This writer previously covered the issue in 2013 and wrote,  Only a few of the men were eventually prosecuted, as most were deported back to Mexico prior to prosecution. Unless something else happened or they moved, the men are still free and presumably operating in the area. The very nature of a fence is that it poses a difficulty or risk to unauthorized crossings in an area, such as in the recent issue of Barack Obama s White House raising the height of their fence to keep unwanted people from crossing. In Arizona s specific border situation, there exist two border sectors: the Tucson Sector and the Yuma Sector. Though the Yuma Sector is largely locked down with significant coverage of technology and a primary and secondary fence, the Tucson Sector is largely open. Most of the sector has no fence at all and can be freely crossed at the whim of any person in Mexico wishing to enter the United States. The video embedded below shows the reality of most of the Arizona-Mexico border.Via: Breitbart News",0
13970,BREAKING BOMBSHELL: Obama’s Foreign Policy Guru Admits To SHOCKING LIES Obama Told To Sell Americans On IRAN Deal,"As if this news, in and of itself, is not horrific enough Deputy National Security Advisor, Ben Rhodes also reveals that Obama began negotiations with Iran as early as 2008, while radical Muslim hardliner, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was still in power! The Obama administration cooked up a phony story to sell Americans on the Iranian nuke deal, lying that US officials were dealing with  moderates  in the Islamic theocracy who could be trusted to keep their word, it was reported Thursday.In a revealing article posted on the New York Times website, President Obama s foreign-policy guru Ben Rhodes bragged about how he helped create the false narrative because the public would not have accepted the deal had it known that Iranian hard-liners were still calling the shots.The White House line   which Rhodes says he created   was that Obama started negotiations after the supposedly moderate Hassan Rouhani was elected president in 2013.But Obama had set his sights on working out a deal with the mad mullahs as early as 2008, and negotiations actually began when strongman Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was still president.Rhodes, the deputy national security adviser for strategic communications, concedes in the article that the so-called moderate regime is not moderate at all. We re not betting on it,  he said.Despite having little foreign-policy experience, Rhodes, 38, a former aspiring novelist who grew up on the Upper East Side, was in charge of a massive White House  messaging  effort that fed the bogus line to journalists. We created an echo chamber. They were saying things that validated what we had given them to say,  he admitted in the Times interview when asked about the plethora of  experts  praising the deal in the press.The Times article, which will appear in the paper s Sunday magazine, notes Rhodes, who has a writing degree from NYU, was skilled as a  storyteller. He is adept at constructing overarching plotlines with heroes and villains, their conflicts supported by flurries of carefully chosen adjectives, quotations and leaks from named and unnamed senior officials,  reporter David Samuels writes.  He is the master shaper and retailer of Obama s foreign-policy narratives. Asked about his misleading version of the deal, Rhodes said,  In the absence of rational discourse, we are going to discourse the [expletive] out of this. We had test drives to know who was going to be able to carry our message effectively, and how to use outside groups like [the anti-nuke group] Ploughshares, the Iran Project and whomever else. So we knew the tactics that worked. We drove them crazy,  he said of Republicans and others who opposed the deal, including Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.Obama, the article says, misled the public with the idea that negotiations began because of the  moderate  faction s rise in 2013. Today, after two years of negotiations, the United States, together with our international partners, has achieved something that decades of animosity has not,  Obama said last July when announcing the deal.Leon Panetta, then secretary of defense, confirmed in the article that the hard-line regime, and its military arm, was still in charge. There was not much question that the Quds Force and the supreme leader ran that country with a strong arm, and there was not much question that this kind of opposing view could somehow gain any traction,  he said. I think the whole legacy that he [Obama] was working on was,  I m the guy who s going to bring these [Mideast] wars to an end, and the last goddamn thing I need is to start another war. Without naming him, Panetta suggested Rhodes was one of several on Obama s staff who told the president only what he wanted to hear, the article says.Rhodes bashed the media for not properly reporting on foreign affairs and revealed how he fed information to reporters such as Jeffrey Goldberg of The Atlantic, a respected  Beltway insider,  as the Times called him. All these newspapers used to have foreign bureaus,  he said. Now they don t. They call us to explain to them what s happening in Moscow and Cairo. Most of the outlets are reporting on world events from Washington. The average reporter we talk to is 27 years old, and their only reporting experience consists of being around political campaigns. That s a sea change. They literally know nothing. Rhodes  assistant, Ned Price, gave an example of how they would shape the news by feeding a narrative to their  compadres  in the press corps and letting it echo across social media.For entire story: NYP",0
13971,"TRUMP Puts Illegal Aliens, Un-vetted Muslim Immigrants On NOTICE…Drops Names Of Like-Minded Cabinet Members…Liberal Heads EXPLODE!","Trump didn t stop with names of potential cabinet members  he also doubled down on policies designed to make America safer. Voters should be asking why liberals are so offended when Trump suggests putting the national security of America before political correctness?Donald Trump is sticking with two of his most controversial policy proposals now that he has become the Republican Party s presumptive presidential nominee.Trump tells NBC s Lester Holt that he stands by his plan to temporary bar foreign Muslims from entering the country if he s elected president because of the dangers of extremism.He says,  We have to be vigilant. Trump is also standing by his plan to deport all of the estimated 11 million people living in the country illegally.He says,  Yes, they re going to be deported.  He wants to put a system in place that would allow some to return.Donald Trump says he s setting up a vice presidential vetting committee  very soon  that could include some of his former running mates.In an interview with CNN s Wolf Blitzer Wednesday, Trump said that he has yet to begin to seriously consider his potential running mates.He says he may put Ben Carson and Chris Christie on the committee.Donald Trump is revealing some possible Cabinet picks if he s elected president.In an interview with Fox News s  The O Reilly Factor,  the presumptive GOP nominee says he d consider naming former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani secretary of homeland security, Gov. Chris Christie attorney general and Dr. Ben Carson secretary of health and human services.He says he has not made final decisions,  but certainly they would three very wise choices. Trump also said Carson is not interested in being his running mate. Via: AP ",0
13972,SENATE ‘LIFER’ Caught On Tape Complaining About Trump Hurting His Chances For Reelection [Video],Senate  lifer  John McCain was caught on tape complaining about what a Trump candidacy would do to hurt his chances for yet another reelection:,0
13973,GINGRICH RIPS “Open Borders” Paul Ryan For Not Endorsing Trump: “He Has An OBLIGATION To UNIFY The Party” [VIDEO],"Wow! Apparently Paul Ryan forgot that Trump won the nomination because the majority of Americans CHOSE HIM as their candidate. It s not about who the Republican elites choose Paul. Should we just do away with elections altogether and let the establishment Republicans choose our candidate for us? The people of the party he belongs to have chosen a nominee   Thursday on Fox News Channel s  Hannity,  former House Speaker Newt Gingrich criticized current House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) for his lack of endorsement of likely presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump earlier in the day in an interview with CNN.Gingrich told host Sean Hannity it was a  big mistake  and that it sets the wrong tone for the rest of the Republican Party. [I]n the case of Paul Ryan he made a big mistake today and he needs to understand this,  Gingrich said.  He is the Speaker of the House. He has an obligation to unify the party. He has an obligation to reach out. Obviously he and Donald Trump are going to have disagreements. Some of them will work out and some of them they won t. That s fine. Our constitution provides that speakers and presidents can fight, but I think he sends the wrong signal and a signal which I think endangers the House Republicans and endangers the Senate Republicans. I much prefer what Mitch McConnell did, what John McCain did  they both said,  OK game s over, we have a nominee. I m for him,  he continued.  And I think Paul Ryan has some obligation institutionally to be responsive to the fact that the people of the party he belongs to have chosen a nominee. And frankly in the long history of American politics, Donald Trump is not outrageously outside the norm. This kind of vitriol you get does not reflect accurately people who have been nominated for president over the last 200 years. Via: Bretibart News",0
13974,WAS IRANIAN BUSINESSMAN FREED FROM JAIL After HUGE Payoff To Clintons?,"Just before an Iranian-American businessman was freed from jail in Iran in Oct. 2010, his son met with Bill Clinton and also made the first of what would become more than $1 million in donations to the Clinton Foundation.Nima Taghavi, who owns businesses in California, grew impatient in 2010 with negotiations to secure his father Reza s release from an Iranian prison, and so he turned to the former president for help.To arrange the meeting with Clinton, Taghavi first contacted Doug Band, who worked as Clinton s  body man,  has counseled the Clinton Foundation, and co-founded Teneo Holdings, a consulting group that Clinton advised.Taghavi met with the former president in hopes that he would serve as special envoy to Iran, sources told TheDC. And through his personal charity, the Nima Taghavi Foundation, the businessman gave a $5,000 donation to the Clinton Foundation in 2010. He would go on to give more than $1 million over the next several years.The timing of the meeting and the first round of donations raises two questions: whether Clinton promised to help Taghavi in exchange for contributions to his family s organization and whether he violated an agreement not to personally solicit funds for his charity.As part of the deal to bring Hillary Clinton on board as secretary of state, the Clintons signed a memorandum of understanding in Dec. 2008 agreeing to the stipulation that Bill Clinton not raise money.It is unclear if Hillary Clinton knew of her husband s meeting with Taghavi. In an email informing Clinton that an unnamed Iranian-American businessman had been released from an Iran jail Clinton asked her aide Huma Abedin who the prisoner was. Abedin informed her it was Reza Taghavi.In an email with the subject  Why Taghavi was released,  a State Department official wrote  I understand [Clinton] is asking. The theory of a Clinton-related quid pro quo   whether Hillary Clinton knew about it or not   is not unfounded, as it fits a pattern of the former first couple providing favors and access to donors to their charity and to their various political campaigns.Read more: Daily Caller",0
13975,COAL MINERS ENDORSE TRUMP …Crowd Goes Nuts [Video],Donald Trump held a rally in West Virginia and was endorsed by the coal miners well done! ,0
13976,HYSTERICAL! The Guy Who’s Spent Majority Of Both Terms On Golf Courses Makes THIS Insane DEMAND Of Congress,"Of course Obama the putz blames too little government for the poisoned water crisis in Flint OBAMA TO CONGRESS ON FLINT AID: #DOYOURJOBOn a trip focused on letting Flint residents know they have not been forgotten, President Barack Obama put pressure on Congress to move a bill that would bring aid to Flint, Mich. and other communities at risk of lead contamination in their water systems.As Pro s Annie Snider reports, both houses are out of session until next week, but the Senate could, in theory, take up a water infrastructure bill that includes assistance to Flint and other cities with lead-pipe distribution systems. The bill easily passed out of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee 19-1. Obama would like to see that bill move sooner rather than later.  Congress, led by your congressional delegation, needs to act in a bipartisan fashion, do their job, make sure Flint has the necessary resources,  Obama said Wednesday in a speech in Flint.President puns it like ME, calls small-government philosophy  corrosive : The president used the speech to broadly attack the conservative philosophy of less-government-is-good-government, saying an anti-government attitude was at the root of the problems in Flint.  I do think that part of what contributed to this crisis was a broader mindset, a bigger attitude, a corrosive attitude, that exists in our politics and exists in too many levels of our government,  he said.  It s a mindset that believes that less government is the highest good, no matter what. Boos for Snyder, but not from Obama: Gov. Rick Snyder also spoke at the event amid boos from the crowd of over 1,000 people. But Obama held off from attacking the governor, even trying to quiet the boobirds.  No, no,  Obama said.  We re doing some business here. Via: PoliticoHow very big of you Barry...h/t WZ ",0
13977,LOL! HILLARY’S New Anti-Trump Ad Backfires..Ends Up Being AMAZING Pro-Trump Ad [VIDEO],"Hillary has to be one of the worst candidates to ever get this far in a presidential race. She has no idea what the American people truly want. Like every good progressive, she only knows what she believes is good for Americans. And what Hillary believes are Donald s weaknesses with voters, are actually his strengths. Enjoy:Very nice of Hillary Clinton to run a pro-Trump ad, too? https://t.co/lYGCyHb7BA  Mollie (@MZHemingway) May 4, 2016 It isn t so much that liberals are ignorant. It s just that they know so many things that aren t so.  -Ronald Reagan",0
13978,THIS 21 YEAR OLD TEXAN WOMAN GETS IT: “Put Me In Charge!”,"Wow! This 21 year old Texan woman recently penned a letter to the Waco Tribune Herald In Waco, TX. She s been worried about her future with the massive increase in social welfare and government programs, so she thought she d offer some great, common sense solutions. Her ideas were too good to keep to herself, so she decided to send her letter to the local paper. Here it is:PUT ME IN CHARGE:Put me in charge of food stamps. I d get rid of Lone Star cards; no cash for Ding Dongs or Ho Ho s, just money for 50-pound bags of rice and beans, blocks of cheese and all the powdered milk you can haul away. If you want steak and frozen pizza, then get a job.Put me in charge of Medicaid. The first thing I d do is to get women Norplant birth control implants or tubal ligations. Then, we ll test recipients for drugs, alcohol, and nicotine. If you want to reproduce or use drugs, alcohol, or smoke, then get a job.Put me in charge of government housing. Ever live in a military barracks? You will maintain our property in a clean and good state of repair. Your  home  will be subject to inspections anytime and possessions will be inventoried. If you want a plasma TV or Xbox 360, then get a job and your own place.In addition, you will either present a check stub from a job each week or you will report to a  government  job. It may be cleaning the roadways of trash, painting and repairing public housing, whatever we find for you. We will sell your 22-inch rims and low profile tires, your blasting stereo and your speakers. Don t worry, we ll contribute that money toward the  common good. Before you complain that I ve violated someone s rights, realize that all of the above is voluntary. If you want our money, accept our rules. Before you say that this would be  demeaning  and ruin their  self-esteem,  consider that it wasn t that long ago that taking someone else s money for doing absolutely nothing was demeaning and might actually lower the recipient s self-esteem.If we are expected to pay for other people s mistakes we should at least attempt to make them learn from their bad choices. The current system rewards them for continuing to make bad choices. This new and improved system will reward them for making a contribution to society",0
13979,HOUSE SPEAKER PAUL RYAN Puts The Party Before The People…TRUMP Gives Awesome Response!,"HOUSE SPEAKER PAUL RYAN HAS SOUR GRAPES ABOUT TRUMP Isn t this about the will of the people and not the party? Instead of embracing the movement that is so amazing with the Trump campaign, Ryan says he just isn t ready to endorse Trump. This is just ridiculous!TRUMP RESPONDS: Donald Trump responds to Paul Ryan:  I am not ready to support Speaker Ryan s agenda. Perhaps in the future we can work together and come to an agreement about what is best for the American people,  Trump said .  They have been treated so badly for so long that it is about time for politicians to put them first! House Speaker Paul Ryan:  I m just not ready  to support Donald Trump as the GOP nominee https://t.co/xzLaxvkTPe https://t.co/MmTYbECt6N  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) May 5, 2016  I m just not ready to endorse    Paul Ryan ",0
13980,END OF THE GLOBALIST ERA? Bush and Romney Families Make Big Announcement On 2016 Election,"The globalists aren t happy which is a signal that the Republican party chose the right guy. The people spoke and their guy is Trump like it or not.The Bush family just announced they re going to be MIA during the 2016 election and now the Romney family has followed suit.The Republican National Convention in July is going to be missing some of the party s most recognizable faces. All of the living former Republican nominees for president said they are skipping the Cleveland convention with the exception of Bob Dole, the 1996 GOP nominee.An aide to Mitt Romney, the 2012 GOP nominee, confirmed to ABC News that he  has no plans to attend the convention. Romney has been one of Trump s most scathing critics. In March, he gave a speech urging the party to reject the real estate mogul, calling him  a phony, a fraud.  The news that he is not attending this year s convention was first reported by The Washington Post.On Wednesday, the last two Republican presidents, George W. Bush and his father, George H.W. Bush, also said they had no plans to back Donald Trump, the party s presumptive nominee.Read more: ABC",0
13981,BAD ASS BUSINESSMAN Challenges Paul Ryan In New Campaign Ad Like You’ve Never Seen Before [Video],Businessman Paul Nehlen is challenging Paul Ryan for his seat in congress. What do you think of this commercial? ,0
13982,UNREAL! PRO-CUBA TRAVEL AT PBS AND NBC: “Cuba has so much going for it: It’s proudly Communist…” [Video],"BELOW ARE TWO EXAMPLES OF THE PRO-CUBA SENTIMENT BY THE LEFTY MEDIA:Travel to Cuba is the NEWEST thing among the pseudo-cool useful idiots:Sanders noted how many of those on board were eager to get to the island before it was spoiled by capitalism:  The Cuba they will see has many Americans anxious to get here before it all changes.  Passenger Sedrick Tydus quipped:  I want to get there before Burger King shows up.  Sanders laughed and repeated line:  Before Burger King shows up. After the Obama administration granted a full roster of concessions (in exchange for nothing) to the communist regime, we are bombarded with hype on Cuba travel. The Kardashians are even getting into the mix-ugh!Romanticizing the poverty and crumbing architecture of Cuba is pretty sickening to most people. We see past the slick promotions and see the suffering of the people of Cuba first .Chris Tarrant: Extreme Railway Journeys. Episode 4 Slow Train to Guantanamo Bay: The problem with Tarrant s love for commie Cuba is that the railway is broken down and only goes 15 mph.NBC Reporter Giddy With Excitement Aboard Cruise to Cuba:  A Pinch-Me Moment : Not so sure anything will change in Cuba even though the lefty media would like you to think so Sanders noted how many of those on board were eager to get to the island before it was spoiled by capitalism:  The Cuba they will see has many Americans anxious to get here before it all changes.  Passenger Sedrick Tydus quipped:  I want to get there before Burger King shows up.  Sanders laughed and repeated line:  Before Burger King shows up. Via: Faustasblog",0
13983,ROLLING STONES DEMAND TRUMP Stop Using Their Music: “Can you imagine a President Trump?…The worst nightmare”,"As a side note, the last major appearance by the geriatric Rolling Stones band, was a free concert in Havana, Cuba. The aging band appeared there only days after our Commie Sympathizer In Chief  made a high profile visit to Cuba and was followed around by his friends in the mainstream media capturing his  historic  trip to the ballpark with the brutal dictator, Raul Castro.Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was warned Wednesday to stop playing Rolling Stones music on the campaign trail. The Rolling Stones have never given permission to the Trump campaign to use their songs and have requested that they cease all use immediately,  a spokesperson for the band said in a statement, according to Time.Donald Trump delivered a fiery speech to celebrate an impressive primary victory Tuesday in Indiana. While the real estate mogul and his entourage existed the stage, supporters were treated to the Rolling Stones song,  Start Me Up. Other Trump events have featured the group s popular song  You Can t Always Get What You Want. Several other artists have previously asked the Trump campaign not to use their music at official events.Last June, rocker Neil Young requested that then-newly-announced GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump not play his song  Rockin  in the Free World  at campaign events. Young, a devout liberal, did, however, give socialist Democrat White House hopeful Bernie Sanders permission to play his songs.Five months later, Aerosmith frontman Steven Tyler threatened to sue Trump if he did not stop playing the rock band s song  Dream On  on the campaign trail.Trump, a longtime Rolling Stones fan, is not held in high esteem among members of the British rock band. Can you imagine a President Trump?  Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards told Vanity Fair in March.  The worst nightmare. But we can t say that, because it could happen. This is one of the wonders of this country. Who would ve thought Ronald Reagan could be president?  Via: Breitbart News",0
13984,WEST VIRGINIA COAL MINERS Send A Clear Message To Hillary Clinton After She “Stabs Them in The Back” [Video],"West Virginia has been devastated by a loss of 10,000 jobs due to the Obama administration s efforts to shut down the coal industry. If Hillary Clinton is elected, we can see a continuation of job loss there. Here s what she said a few weeks ago about the coal industry: ",0
13985,FORMER MEXICAN PRESIDENT Tries To ‘Make Nice’ With Trump…TRUMP’S Response Is Awesome! [Video],"If this is what s to come, IT S GOING TO BE AWESOME! Vicente Fox apologized to Trump and Trump shot back:  Get your money ready, you re paying for the wall  (Videos below)Former President Of Mexico Vicente Fox was interviewed by Breitbart News exclusively when Fox gave this apology to Donald Trump: I apologize. Forgiveness is one of the greatest qualities that human beings have, is the quality of a compassionate leader. You have to be humble. You have to be compassionate. You have to love thy neighbor,  ",0
13986,POPULAR FOX NEWS REPORTER Busted Having Five Year Affair With Las Vegas Beauty,"This is a shocker! The very dry and serious Chief White House  Correspondent Ed Henry has been caught in a sexual affair with a Vegas beauty. FOX News announced he s taking some time off to  sort things out . A married Fox News host is taking some time off after his mistress did a tell all revealing salacious details of their alleged affair.Natalia Lima spoke with In Touch and shared how her relationship with Fox News chief White House Correspondent Ed Henry, 44, went from innocent banter to something she claims was far more sexual over the course of the past five years. Lima, a Las Vegas hostess, also shared text messages she claims were exchanged between herself and Henry detailing sexual acts they had performed on one another and hoped to perform in the future. Fox News said in a statement shortly after details of the alleged affair were revealed in the magazine;  We recently became aware of Ed s personal issues and he s taking some time off to work things out.  Soon after the story about his affair was released Henry was seen smiling outside his home in his gym gear. He was then seen wearing his wedding ring as he took a walk around his neighborhood in an Under Armour shirt and Brooklyn Dodgers baseball cap.Lima also said that Henry had a thing for bubble baths, and once brought over Mr. Bubble when he visited her at her condo for a hookup.  He never gave me anything, but one time I was really stressed out about money so he did cover my rent,  said Lima.She added that he did not withdraw the money from an ATM however as that would have been a  red flag  to his wife.  One time he said,  It s not like a crazy hookup, it s like you are my girlfriend,  said Lima.  He never really talked about his wife   he mentioned her a couple of times   but I never really asked about her, either.  The relationship soured Lima claims after her Twitter account was hacked earlier this year, after which she said Henry began acting  kinda weird.  Henry deleted all of his tweets prior to January 23 on his Twitter account. They last met up in February and after promising to contact her the next day she did not hear from Henry again.  It s like he used me. But I should ve know better,  said Lima. Prior to their relationship turning sexual Henry shared photos of himself golfing or in front of Air Force One with Lima, but an October exchange is incredibly graphic between the pair.  mmmmm yes bath w you,  writes Henry. Lima responds with three kissing face emojis and then writes;  Why are emojis so big?  Lima followed that with emojis of a bathtub and a kissing couple. Henry then responded by sending his own emojis   three unpeeled bananas and three pairs of female lips. Lima responds with an  Lol  and three female emoji lips. Henry shoots back;  yummy woman,   make me so,  and then once again sends emojis of unpeeled bananas, this time upping the number to four.Read more: Daily Mail ",0
13987,CONSERVATIVE MOM And Cruz Supporter Goes All In For TRUMP…And Here’s Why,"A message from a 100% FED UP mom to her Facebook friends:Dear friends,I donated to two presidential campaigns this year, Dr. Ben Carson and Ted Cruz. I voted for Rand Paul in the straw poll at the Republican convention on Mackinac Island, MI in September. I am proud to say that today, I am 100% behind Donald Trump. I am actually looking forward to watching him CRUSH Hillary in the general election.After watching Barack Hussein Obama serve as our cowardly, racist, incompetent, Divider In Chief for eight long years, I m ready for a President with courage and the ability to make this country truly great again. I want someone who tells the free loaders, drug dealers and gang members from Mexico and Central America they re not welcome here anymore. I want a border that cannot be penetrated, and if it is, I want our Border Patrol agents to be able to do the jobs they were trained to do. I want a President who isn t afraid to say we need to address the issue of unchecked immigration into our country from Muslim majority nations who want to destroy our way of life. I want a President who won t run to the golf course after an innocent American is beheaded or lie to Americans about a video after four brave Americans are killed all because his Secretary of State wouldn t give them what they needed to survive in Benghazi. I want a President who will heal the racial divide our current President instigated with his former DOJ and his inner circle of race baiters for hire. I want a President who will unleash our natural resources so we won t have to be dependent on ISIS, Saudi Arabia and Iran for oil. I want a President who won t visit communist countries and spend the afternoon watching baseball with brutal dictators, behaving as though he was spending the day with the Pope. I want a President who respects the hard work of EVERY man and woman in America, and understands that in order to achieve the American dream, we need to work hard and make a few sacrifices. I want a President who refuses to allow the media to control the narrative. I want a President who has raised a family he can be proud of and for that matter, that America can be proud of. For all those reasons and many, many more, I am excited that Donald J. Trump will be the Republican candidate for President.As a side note, I m also looking to clean up my friends list. If any of my Facebook  friends  feel it is more important to thump their chests and demand that they will never vote for Trump (or in other words, that they will support Hillary) kindly hit the un-friend button at the top of my page. I m on the side of America, and I m choosing to support a man who loves his country so much that he s wiling to walk away from everything he s worked so hard to build in order to save us. Trump didn t ask to walk through barricades to get away from hateful liberals in CA who would like harm him. He didn t ask for Soros funded freaks to follow him wherever he goes, threatening violence against him and his supporters. He could be sitting in Trump Towers working on multimillion dollar deals, but God chose a different path for him and he accepted the challenge. I am grateful to him for the sacrifices he and his family will make, and I will pray that God keeps him safe, healthy and strong. Most of all, I will pray that he brings jobs back to the millions of unemployed Americans who have given up hope on ever finding a job. I will pray that he follows through on his promise to help our veterans to get the best health care America has to offer. And finally, I will pray that he rebuilds our military and gives our soldiers the ability to fight to win, and to keep the greatest nation in the world safe and prosperous for generations to come.There is no time to waste with petty bickering. While I understand there will be a lot of hard feelings amongst Ted, Carly and Marco supporters, it s time to come together now for the good of our country.Bill Clinton is walking around in a state of mostly confusion, while Hillary is traveling with a full-time physician. In addition to being the MOST crooked candidate to ever run for President, she is not well. She will likely chose the old Socialist Bernie Sanders as her running mate to shore up the young voters she cannot persuade to support her campaign. Sadly, Hillary knows she can t win without the  I just want free-shit  vote. Together, they will destroy more businesses, as they increase EPA regulations to fight a phony climate change war. They ll decrease spending for our military in order to reallocate funds to more social programs and programs designed to tighten the screws on our law enforcement, making it nearly impossible for them to do their jobs. The conditions at our VA hospitals will worsen, as our tax dollars will be used to pay for free college for young people who have no clue what it means to selflessly serve their country. There will be a push for gun control like we ve never seen before in America, and we will witness some of the most radical Supreme Court picks who will wholly support their progressive agenda. Meanwhile, people who have the ability to stop another four years of Obama will be proudly tweeting #NeverTrump, as though we should admire them for their courage to stand up for their  principles! I have three young daughters. I won t give up this fight until I know we have a President who takes the threat of Sharia Law in America seriously. For anyone who thinks that can t happen, London is on the verge of electing a radical Muslim as their next Mayor, as I write this rant.When November rolls around, I ll be supporting a candidate who isn t worried about hurting the feelings of a radical Muslim with a suicide vest in his suitcase, as he travels (at the expense of the American taxpayer) to his new taxpayer funded home in my neighborhood. It s time to wise up and start coming together like the Democrats do after each and every primary. It s time to try something new it s called  winning.  #NeverHillary!  Patty100% FED UP! momAndrew Breitbart gave this speech only weeks before he died. His words have never been more relevant than they are today: There are two paths one is America and the other one is  Occupy  (Black Lives Matter). Black, White, gay and straight anyone that s willing to stand next to me to fight the progressive Left, I will be in that bunker. And if you re not in that bunker because you re not satisfied with this candidate  more than shame on you you re on the other side!  -Andrew Breitbart",0
13988,JOHN KASICH Suspends Campaign After Coming In 4th In A Two-Man Race,"Wow! John Kasich finally got the message and is dropping out of the race for president. Can you believe it? Just last night he said he was continuing on to win in a contested convention.  Ohio Gov. John Kasich plans to suspend his run to be the GOP presidential nominee, a senior campaign advisor told NBC News on Wednesday.He had previously cancelled a planned event in order to make a Wednesday night statement in Ohio.Kasich was left the only man standing against Donald Trump in the Republican presidential primary race after Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas suspended his run on Tuesday night.After Cruz exited the race, Kasich released a statement saying,  Tonight s results are not going to alter Gov. Kasich s campaign plans. Our strategy has been and continues to be one that involves winning the nomination at an open convention. Pundits noted that although Kasich was still technically in the race, he had fewer delegates than either Cruz or Sen. Marco Rubio   effectively making him fourth in a two-man race.We think he finally got the message Read more: Mediate",0
13989,TRUMP WINS-CRUZ SUSPENDS-BERNIE BURNS HILLARY: “Make America Great Again”,"Donald Trump won the state of Indiana in a landslide tonight. Ted Cruz suspended his campaign in front of a tearful and shocked room of supporters:.@TedCruz: ""And so with a heavy heart we are suspending our campaign."" #TedCruz #Cruz #INPrimaryhttps://t.co/fTHEIvtyD9  CSPAN (@cspan) May 4, 2016 Donald Trump ran away with the Indiana GOP primary on Tuesday   thumping Ted Cruz for his seventh straight win and moving to within a near-certainty of the Republican presidential nomination.Donald Trump:  We want to bring unity to the Republican Party. We have to bring unity.  https://t.co/9aZuA8xMp6 https://t.co/EC0vDNlmQg  CNN (@CNN) May 4, 2016Fox News and other networks declared the billionaire real-estate tycoon the winner just moments after the polls closed in the western part of the Hoosier State at 7 p.m. New York time.Read more: NYPBUT the shocker of the night is that Bernie Sanders won Indiana! Bernie Sanders just barely eked out a win in the Indiana primary Tuesday evening, in a surprise upset over Hillary Clinton   one that ultimately won t change the landscape of the Democratic race all that much.Sanders won with 53 percent of the vote and 56 percent of precincts reporting, according to the Associated Press. Clinton was favored to win the state in the polls leading up to Tuesday although the matchup remained close until the moment polls closed.Before Tuesday, Clinton had a lead of 808 delegates over Sanders (including super delegates) and was 90 percent of the way to getting the magic number of 2,383 required to clinch the nomination. Indiana allocates delegates proportionally, so even with a 47 percent loss Clinton will be able to keep a sizable advantage over Sanders in the number of delegates.Read more: Vice NewsA great night!",0
13990,SOMEONE CALL THE Waaambulance! Glenn Beck Warns He’ll Be On Suicide Watch If Cruz Loses Indiana…You Better Buckle Up Beck…THE RESULTS ARE IN [VIDEO],"Hey Glenn, suicide is no laughing matter, and you really needs to start ratcheting down your role as America s conservative drama queen. Seriously is America witnessing the melt down of a man who used to be one of the most prominent conservative voices in America? A few days ago, Glenn Beck posted a special video posted to his website, where he addressed news reports of the latest mass layoffs at his troubled media empire. Watch the video HERE. Something is not quite right in the fake oval office. Maybe Beck just needs a long vacation Glenn Beck rolled his face in Cheetos last week   And no one stopped him.Glenn Beck pleaded with Indiana voters on Monday.  If you guys screw this up, I ll be on suicide watch. .@GlennBeck to Hoosiers: ""If you guys screw this up, I'm going to be pissed at you.   I will be suicidal.""  Patrick Svitek (@PatrickSvitek) May 2, 2016But that not have been the craziest thing he said all day.Ouch, Glenn Beck:  Tell me another time in our nation s history that you have witnessed where Indiana matters. Glenn Beck: God Prolonged GOP Primary So Every State Could Choose Between  Good or Evil  https://t.co/eK60lNkIbU pic.twitter.com/ez9moGDOMJ    Cris   (@ThePatriot143) May 3, 2016Well Glenn it s been a tough year, but the results are in and it looks like Trump ran the tables in Indiana:Wins 30 statewide delegates   May win all of the 27 remaining district delegatesVia: Gateway Pundit",0
13991,"SAY GOOD BYE TO LONDON: Radical Muslim WINS London’s Mayoral Election By Over 300,000 Votes","Has the entire world gone mad with political correctness? Is there any chance of saving the UK from itself? UPDATE: Labour Party politician Sadiq Khan has been elected London mayor   the first Muslim to lead Europe s largest city.Election officials say Khan defeated Conservative rival Zac Goldsmith by more than 300,000 votes, after first- and second-preference votes were allocated.The result came early Saturday, more than 24 hours after polls closed.Khan was elected to replace Conservative Mayor Boris Johnson after a campaign marked by U.S.-style negative campaigning.Goldsmith, a wealthy environmentalist, called Khan divisive and accused him of sharing platforms with Islamic extremists.Khan, who calls himself  the British Muslim who will take the fight to the extremists,  accused Goldsmith of trying to scare and divide voters in a proudly multicultural city of 8.6 million people   more than 1 million of them Muslim.Londoners go to the polls on Thursday to choose a replacement for the outgoing Mayor, Boris Johnson MP. Despite the fact the Labour Party is currently mired in an anti-Semitism scandal, if all things remain equal, expect the party s candidate Sadiq Khan MP to be confirmed in the early hours of Friday morning.Mr. Khan, 45, has had a successful career in the Labour Party, being elected to parliament in 2005, becoming a Minister of State in 2008 with a promotion in 2009. He was a Shadow Secretary of State for Justice from 2010-15, and has been running for London Mayor since then.POLLINGIn fact, as I predicted in January, the polls have changed very little since the beginning of the year. This is despite a negative-ad onslaught by the Conservative Party and its candidate Zac Goldsmith   the multi-millionaire son of Eurosceptic royalty Sir James Goldsmith, and brother of socialite and Vanity Fair editor Jemima Khan.Mr. Goldsmith and his  Back Zac  campaign have used the last few months to highlight Sadiq Khan s proximity to Islamic extremists, extremism, and this past weekend, to anti-Semitism.But perhaps it speaks to the mindset of Londoners, and certainly the British capital s demographic shift, that such news has scarcely affected Mr. Khan.In January, a YouGov poll put Mr. Goldsmith on 35 to Mr. Khan s 45 per cent. When you take into account London s supplementary voting system, the numbers after the second preference votes are counted ended up 45-55 to Mr. Khan.Last week, that number stood at 40-6o to Mr. Khan. After second preference votes, the extremist-adjacent candidate has a 20 point poll lead.While last week s events   when one of Mr. Khan s most prominent backers Ken Livingstone was implicated in a Hitler/anti-Semitism scandal   may serve to keep some of Mr. Khan s voters at home, it is hard to imagine the Conservatives overturning such a drastic poll lead.A MUSLIM MAYOR?Polling suggests some people are nervous about having someone like Mr. Khan near an office that wields so much power, responsibility, and cash.Private conversations with Westminster insiders often see Lutfur Rahman   the former Mayor of Tower Hamlets   raised as another example of a prominent Muslim mayor.Mr. Rahman was removed from office, accused by critics of playing sectarian politics with the area s Muslim population, of backing Islamists, and of distributing tax payer cash to his favoured Muslim groups to secure their support.Mr. Rahman was found guilty of  corrupt and illegal practices    and has perhaps set back the plight of the few, integrated British Muslims in elected life. He   alongside politicians like Humza Yousaf, Sayeeda Warsi, Rushanara Ali, Shabana Mahmood, Yasmin Qureshi, Amjad Bashir, Naz Shah, and Tasmina Ahmed-Sheikh   have created a deep distrust between British voters and Muslim politicians.In fact one third of Londoners remain suspicious of having a Muslim Mayor, and the likes of Sajid Javid or Syed Kamall suffer because of their co-religionists  insistence on fellow-travelling with extremists, if not holding extremist views themselves.EXTREMISMAnd Mr. Khan can hardly claim a clean record. Mr. Goldsmith s attacks are not without basis, though they have been shrugged off as  racism  or  Islamophobia  with the assistance of the left s useful idiots like Owen Jones.Apart from his somewhat threatening statements about not voting for him while claiming that  he is the West , Mr. Khan s own track record is perhaps one of the most sour of all Muslim politicians in the Western world.In 2001 he was the lawyer for the Nation of Islam in its successful High Court bid to overturn the 15-year-ban on its leader, Louis Farrakhan.In 2005 and 2006 he visited terror-charged Babar Ahmad in Woodhill Prison. Mr. Ahmed was extradited to the U.S. in 2012, serving time in prison before being returned to the UK in 2015. Mr. Ahmed pleaded guilty to the terrorist offences of conspiracy, and providing material support to the Taliban.And Mr. Khan also campaigned for the release and repatriation of Shaker Aamer, Britain s last Guantanamo detainee, who was returned to the UK in November.Both Messrs Aamer and Ahmed provided Mr. Khan with links to the advocacy group CAGE, which described the Islamic State executioner Mohammed Emwazi as a  beautiful young man , and which has campaigned on behalf of both men. Mr. Khan is reported to have shared a stage with five Islamic extremists, including at sex-segregated events. Even so, his poll numbers remain firm.On Friday morning, Londoners will likely get the news that their mayor for the next four years is a man with the judgement, priorities, and fellow travellers as laid out above. This, combined with an annual  16bn budget, and an army of police, bureaucrats, and officials, would make Mr. Khan one of the most powerful Muslims in the Western world.For entire story: Breitbart News ",0
13992,WATCH: BLACK FEMALE TRUMP EXECUTIVE Reads POWERFUL Letter She Wrote To Dispel LIES Being Told About Trump Family,"The video Hillary and the Left will not want America to see Today, I was compelled to sit down and write this letter. Not to anyone in particular, maybe even just for myself. But as a black, female executive at the Trump Organization, I can no longer remain silent about the repeated and reprehensible attempts to align my boss and his family with racist, hate mongering groups, campaigns and messaging. As the daughter of man born in Birmingham, Alabama, who rose against all odds to become one of the most established and respected doctor s at Yale University, there is no amount to money in the world that could buy my loyalty to a family that subscribed to such intolerant and bigoted ideologies. Here is Lynne Patton reading the powerful letter she penned to dispel the lies about Donald J. Trump, as well as his family:  From LinkedIn:Lynn Patton, Chief of Staff to Eric Trump, Ivanka Trump & Donald Trump Jr. (May 2009   Present): Oversee primary assistants for the Trump adult children & all internal operations for the 25th Floor, Trump Tower. Provide personal assistance to Eric F. Trump, Donald J. Trump, Jr., and Ivanka Trump, including calendar, travel, expenses, purchases, event coordination, contact/engagements, as well as home & business responsibilities, in conjunction with two (2) other primary assistants. Handle celebrity talent acquisition/bookings and work in tandem with the Executive Director of The Eric Trump Foundation to oversee all operations, volunteers, events, outreach, vendors & corporate partnerships; Acquire celebrity donations & experiences for The Eric Trump Foundation On-Line Charity Buzz Auction & The Eric Trump Foundation Annual Golf Invitational Live Auction; Responsible for organizing, executing and overseeing all ETF operations, philanthropic events/golf tournaments, social media & websites; Identify and develop viable partnerships and research projects for ETF in conjunction with the ETF Executive Director and St. Jude Children s Research Hospital.",0
13993,HEARTWARMING: Support For Socialism On College Campuses Much Less Than Media Would Like Americans To Believe,"Proof that sanity still exists on college campuses.Capitalists on campus won t have to stand by any longer while communists and socialists celebrate May Day, as they ve appropriated the holiday. Turning Point USA offered free materials to students with a comprehensive plan for the Socialism Sucks Day of Action.More than 500 campuses are participating in the counter-celebration on Monday.  I want the American Dream. Socialism only takes away my chance to start a multi-billion company in my apartment,  Turning Point USA s Josh Thifault declared.  It s important that we stick to the values that made our country great   capitalism and freedom. Some students have caught on to what Venezuela has learned the hard way. Venezuela s brewing company, responsible for 80 percent of its beer supply, began to shut down its last plant on Friday, according to The Wall Street Journal. In addition to how Venezuelans  like to celebrate,  there is concern because the beer factory also provided jobs. The country has suffered food shortages and power outages, and can no longer afford to print its own money. Venezuelans are also learning that  socialism sucks  and are petitioning to recall President Nicol s Maduro.In stark contrast to the student activities in other parts of America, May Day was celebrated with violence in Seattle. At least nine were arrested for pelting officers with rocks, batons, and molotov cocktails, which injured at least five officers. The violence has been an annual trend in Seattle for May Day, as Yahoo! News reported.Only 33 percent of young people support socialism, according to a recent Harvard IOP poll.Via: Red Alert Politics ",0
13994,COAL WORKER CONFRONTS HILLARY CLINTON On Putting Coal “Out Of Business” [Video],Wow! Hillary Clinton is confronted by a coal worker and then spins her way out of it by lying AGAIN! ,0
13995,UNREAL! THIS ONE PHOTO SUMS UP The Anti-Trump Liberal Wackos,Great parenting huh?,0
13996,YIKES! 30 Years Of HILLARY’S LIES Have Driven This Well-Known DEMOCRAT STRATEGIST To TRUMP [VIDEO],"This is not a fluke. After years of towing the union line, life-long Democrat union members are switching their allegiance to Trump. A recent AFL-CIO poll found that Trump has more support than Hillary and Bernie Sanders combined.",0
13997,PRIORITIES: Obama Puts Illegals Before Social Security Retirees In A BIG Way!,"Anyone who s been paying attention can tell you that Obama s agenda comes before the American people. You could play  Let me count the ways  for days with this president but here s one that s a doozy: President Obama has budgeted $17,613 for each of the estimated 75,000 Central American teens expected to illegally cross into the United States this year, $2,841 more than the average annual Social Security retirement benefit, according to a new report.The total bill to taxpayers: $1.3 billion in benefits to  unaccompanied children,  more than double what the federal government spent in 2010, according to an analysis of the administration s programs for illegal minors from the Center for Immigration Studies. The average Social Security retirement benefit is $14,772.The report notes that the president s budget, facing congressional approval, includes another $2.1 billion for refugees, which can include the illegals from Central America, mostly Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador.What s more, the administration is also spending heavily on a program with the United Nations to help the illegal minors avoid the dangerous trip by declaring them refugees and handing them a plane ticket to the U.S. where, once here, they get special legal status.The report, titled  Welcoming Unaccompanied Alien Children to the United States,  is a deep dive into the administration s evolving efforts to let hundreds of thousands of mostly 16- and 17-year-old males settle in the country.Read more: WT ",0
13998,MAKE IT STOP! Daughter Of Sexual Predator And Habitual Criminal Gets $65K To Speak For 10 Minutes [VIDEO],"Apparently being the daughter of the most corrupt political couple in America comes with some pretty significant financial benefits Politico reported last year:When Hillary Clinton s speaking fees proved too steep for one public university last year, school officials reached for a less expensive alternative: her daughter, Chelsea.According to a report from The Washington Post, representatives from the former secretary of state s office gave officials at the University of Missouri-Kansas City a $275,000 quote for a one-time speaking fee. Yikes!  one official emailed another, according to the report. Rather than paying that much, UMKC opted to pay Chelsea $65,000 for a brief appearance in February 2014. The former first daughter spoke for 10 minutes before participating in a 20-minute Q&A session and posing for pictures. For a sample of what that $65,000 might have bought the university, check out the clip above of Chelsea recently on the campaign trail bashing Trump.At one minute, the former first brat thinks this is worth $6500 of a public s schools money.What s that about wage equality, Clinton spawn?  Politicoh/t DownTrend",0
13999,WATCH: HOME IMPROVEMENT’S TIM ALLEN Reminds Us Of What A “Man’s Bathroom” Should Look Like,"NOTE TO TARGET There Aren t Any Feminine Product Dispensers On The WallRemember when there wasn t any  gray area  when it came to which restroom you would choose in America? For as long as restrooms have existed in the United States, using the proper restroom was as simple as being able to read the labels on the door, or choose picture that matched the gender God assigned to you in the womb.The passage of North Carolina s HB2, Public Facilities Privacy and Security Act, prohibiting men from using a public women s restroom or changing room in their state causing the politically correct Left to go ballistic. Following the passage of that common sense bill, Target stores set off a firestorm when they announced they would be siding with .2% of the transgender community and against 98% of non-transgender Americans by allowing men to use women s bathrooms and dressing rooms. So far, over 1 million people have signed a petition pledging to boycott Target unless and until they reverse their decision to put women and children in danger by allowing men to share their  safe bathroom and dressing room spaces. PayPal decided they weren t going to build a global HQ even though they have HQ s in places like Singapore, which arrest gays on site just for being gay. More hilariously, porn site xhamster.com, has stated that they have blocked service to anyone with a North Carolina IP address due to their passing of the bathroom law. This puts a monumental burden on other porn sites, who now have to get down to the task of figuring out how they could ever thank xhamster enough for the added traffic.The men s professional basketball association, (NBA) decided to do their part by showing support for the demasculinization effort by feminists and the LGBT-XYZ mafia by threatening to pull their all-star game from Charlotte, North Carolina if they don t change their open bathroom law.Here is the list of oh-so tolerant celebrities who have said they won t perform in North Carolina until they allow men to pee in the bathrooms next to your wife, your sister, your mother and your daughters:Bruce Springsteen, Bryan Adams, Jimmy Buffet, Ringo Starr, Cyndi Lauper and Laura Jane Grace (punk rocker). Sharon Stone has also said she ll refuse to",0
14000,WHAT THESE YOUNG ILLEGAL ‘DREAMERS’ Do To Trump Supporters Will Make Your Blood Boil [Video],"What kind of monsters teach their children to behave like this? Young illegal  dreamers  and their parents flip off Trump supporters while yelling expletives you would expect to hear in a prison, and not from young boys who look to be between the ages of 8 and 12. Wearing sombreros and ironically holding signs reading  No hate,  screamed  F*ck you!  These vulgar children give us a little insight into the flagrant disrespect the illegal alien community has for the rule of law in our nation. The Mexican flags add a special touch, reminding us of where these protesters true loyalties lie.One of the most vulgar children in the center of the action could be seen wearing a Bernie Sanders sticker.Hillary Clinton campaign signs could also be seen in the crowd.One sign reads  F*ck You Puto. Puto  means  male prostitute  in Spanish.Obama s America  ",0
14001,WHOA! FORMER DEMOCRAT CONGRESSWOMAN Reveals Hillary’s Criminal Past [VIDEO],"Dr. Cynthia McKinney reveals Hillary s murderous past with Benghazi, and how the globalists will attempt to fuel race wars to further divide americans.Help us spread the word about the liberty movement, we re reaching millions help us reach millions more. Via: InfoWarsDr. Cynthia McKinney has made a career of speaking her mind and challenging authority. With her opinions, actions, and even her sense of style, McKinney has inspired both admiration and controversy.McKinney s political career began unofficially in 1986 when her father, Georgia State Representative Billy McKinney, put her name on the ballot as a write-in. Cynthia McKinney was living in Jamaica at the time and did not take the matter seriously; still, she garnered a large percentage of votes without even trying. Two years later, McKinney ran for and won the seat, creating the first father/daughter combination to serve together in the Georgia State House of Representatives. Cynthia immediately began making her own mark, defying House dress codes for women by wearing trousers instead of dresses. She spoke out against the first Persian Gulf War, and despite being in the House with her father, she often disagreed and voted against him.In 1992, McKinney won a seat in the US House of Representatives in Georgia s newly created 11th district. She was the first African-American woman to represent Georgia in the US Congress. Though a Democrat during President Clinton s tenure, McKinney voted against NAFTA, showing that she was not one to simply follow the Party line. McKinney worked hard in Washington to clean up pollution in her district and improve its rural roads.During her second term, McKinney earned distinctive committee assignments with the National Security Committee and the International Relations Committee s International Operations and Human Rights Subcommittee. A supporter of a Palestinian State in Israel-occupied territory, she sparked controversy by criticizing American policy in the Middle East. After the 9/11 attacks, McKinney suggested the President might have had prior knowledge of 9/11. The criticism she received from this highly controversial idea probably contributed to her defeat in the 2002 election; however, she ran for the seat again and was re-elected in 2004.Between terms in office, McKinney traveled the country and Europe, speaking against the war in Iraq war and also about her 2002 defeat, which she attributed to Republicans being organized to  cross over  to vote against her in the Democratic primaries. Her career, including this episode of her defeat, was made into a documentary film titled American Blackout.Once back in office, she continued her criticism of the Bush administration on the first anniversary of the 9/11 Commission Report by gathering victims  families and intelligence experts together on panels to address the flaws in the report and critique its recommendations regarding foreign and domestic policy. In 2007, McKinney left the Democratic Party to become a Presidential Candidate for the Green Party.",0
14002,"LONG TIME DEMOCRATS, UNION WORKERS Explain Why They’re Voting For Trump [VIDEO]","As millions of dollars of union dues flow into the Democrat coffers, it could be all for naught, as union members plan to cast their votes for Donald Trump Democrats are worried as more and more union members are supporting Donald Trump for president.Is it possible union workers are starting to see that the Democrat party and union bosses really don t have their best interests in mind?Watch Carrier employees tell FOX News who they plan to support for President and why:A recent AFL-CIO poll found that Trump has more support than Hillary and Bernie Sanders combined.",0
14003,BILL CLINTON Appears Bewildered When COAL MINERS BOO Him In West VA: “Mrs. Clinton’s anti-coal messages are the last thing our suffering town needs at this point” [VIDEO]," The difference between us and them is that we listen to them  says the husband of the woman who is hell-bent on  fulfilling Obama s promise to completely shut down the coal industry. Never mind that it has devastated generations of coal workers and entire communities supported by the coal industry. Bill Clinton was repeatedly interrupted by protesters during a rally for Hillary Clinton in Logan, West Virginia Sunday before the state s primary on May 10.The group booed the former president and confronted him about Hillary Clinton s promise to destroy coal jobs, a long-standing staple of West Virginia s economy.During the rally, Clinton recounted that he had asked his wife to send him to  any place in America that feels left out and left behind.  The protesters then began shouting at the former president, to which he reacted with disdain. This is where they start screaming because they don t want to hear this,  Clinton said with his hand raised. The crowd applauded and stood up to face the protesters, who continued booing and were ushered out. The difference between us and them is that we listen to them,  Clinton said.Prior to Clinton s appearance in Logan, city officials emailed Sen. Joe Manchin (D., W. Va.) attempting to prevent his visit, according to WVNS-TV. Bill and Hillary Clinton are simply not welcome in our town,  their email stated.  Mrs. Clinton s anti-coal messages are the last thing our suffering town needs at this point. The policies that have been championed by people like Mrs. Clinton have all but devastated our fair town, and honestly, enough is enough. At the same rally, Clinton was confronted about his wife s March pledge to  put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business. When s she going to lay us all off   and wipe us all out?  the protester said, interrupting Clinton s remarks.Clinton, hard of hearing, asked Manchin what the man said as the room filled with angry murmurs. He s getting laid off and wiped out, what we gonna do about that,  Manchin said. Well, that s good, that s a fair question,  Clinton said.In a letter to Manchin days after her promise to destroy coal jobs, Hillary Clinton admitted that she was  mistaken  and reiterated her commitment to  bringing jobs to Appalachia. Those close to Clinton defended her remarks by saying that she did not communicate her intent clearly.   WFBYeah .right Hillary just misspoke or something like that.",0
14004,WATCH: MEXICAN-AMERICAN TRUMP Supporter DESTROYS Liberal CA City Council Member: “The problem with liberals is they lay claim to helping minorities but rarely help them”," I am deeply offended by your campaign, since you subscribe to the liberal narrative that minorities need to be coddled and protected by the government. As if we are incapable of looking out for ourselves. Watch Mexican Trump supporter destroy Liberal Republican CA city council member Kris Murray:",0
14005,BASKETBALL LEGEND BOBBY KNIGHT Tells Judge Jeanine Why He Endorsed Trump [Video],Judge Jeanine Pirro had Trump supporter Bobby Knight on her show to explain why he endorsed Trump: ,0
14006,MAN BRUTALLY ASSAULTED At CA Trump Rally Tells Horrific Story Of Attack By Domestic Terrorists [VIDEO],"This video would be on a 24/7 mainstream media loop if the man who was brutally attacked by an angry mob was a Bernie Sanders or Hillary supporter. Will we ever see the faces or know the names of the 17 people arrested at this violent anti-Trump riot? When will these people be treated like the domestic terrorists they are? Injured Trump Supporter Cole Bartiromo Tells How He Was Brutally Assaulted by a group of 20-30 Anti-Trump Protestershttps://t.co/8daEcRGW9s  Trump's Got My Vote (@veganvecoh) May 1, 2016 ",0
14007,GLENN BECK’S BIZARRE FAREWELL To 40 Employees From Fake Oval Office [VIDEO],"What the what?  I had to start firing people, people that I counted as my friends, best friends, partners. And the process that I began was the hardest process of my life. Yeah, almost as hard as picking myself up off of that carpet when I was facing suicide, that carpet that smelled like soup. But this time I had something I didn t have before: I had you. I knew you existed. I knew that you believed in the same principles I believe and that we   no, that I had made a promise to you. Our lives, our fortunes, and our sacred honor. In a special video posted to his website today, Glenn Beck addressed news reports of the latest mass layoffs at his troubled media empire.According to a report yesterday in the Daily Beast, Beck laid off 40 employees of his Blaze media organization  in order to satisfy the requirements of a multimillion-dollar bank loan taken out recently to keep Beck s revenue-challenged enterprise running. As the Daily Beast noted,  This latest round of mass firings comes as no surprise to insiders at The Blaze and Mercury Radio Arts, which laid off dozens of employees last May on a day referred to internally as  Black Monday,  around the same time that Beck was purchasing a private jetliner and a $200,000 Maybach sedan. In the video released today, Beck is seen seated at a replica of the Resolute desk in his mock Oval Office set delivering the opening monologue of his radio show. Via: Breitbart News ",0
14008,BRILLIANT! Why “Democratic” Socialism Doesn’t Work [Video],This is Stephen Crowder at his best So smart and so funny! ,0
14009,PERFECT TIMING! New Film Delves Into The Dirt On The Clinton’s Fundraising Scams," A new movie about the Clinton Grifters couldn t be coming-out at a better time the day before the Democratic convention! The book that raked through the complex web of political, campaign fundraising, and political practices of Bill and Hillary Clinton last year and muddied Clinton s presidential campaign launch is coming to the big screen just in time to cause Clinton trouble in the general election. Clinton Cash  is set to premiere the day before the Democratic convention in Philadelphia, and is based on the book by the same title by author Peter Schweizer.Schweizer is joined by fellow producer Stephan K. Bannon of conservative outlet Breitbart news on the project.A trailer for the film, which is directed by M.A. Taylor., features images of blood dripping down piles of cash, Bloomberg News reported.The trailer kicks off with clip of Clinton complimenting foreign governments for  rooting out corruption    even as Schweizer, who is interviewed as part of the film, says the Clintons  created a model for massive self enrichment that allows you to go into so-called pub service but get extremely rich at the same time. The book s release in May prompted a series of investigations by major news outlets into the fundraising practices of the Clinton foundation, which had accepted major contributions from corporations and foreign governments.It also probed hefty speaking fees earned by the Clintons from foreign and domestic corporations after Bill Clinton left the White House, the foundation s charity work, and Clinton s time at the State Department.Read more: Daily Mail",0
14010,AWESOME! Reporter Ruins Trump Protester’s Day With This Shocking News [Video],These Trump protesters are so out of control with their hate and violence yet it s Trump who s being blamed for hateful rhetoric. The truth is that these protesters don t want free speech unless it s theirs. They have no respect for anyone else and certainly not for authority. Reality hit this anti-Trump gal on the head when mid-interview he shocked her when he told her Trump had made it into the building to speak. The look of shock on her face was priceless: ,0
14011,IS HILLARY’S CAMPAIGN In YUGE Trouble? SHOCKING Statistics Show Number Of Votes In 2016 WAY DOWN From Election She LOST In 2008,"Meanwhile Trump is about to make history for claiming the most votes ever in the history of the GOP primaries. What was that the mainstream media keeps saying about Trump not being able to beat Hillary? Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has badly underperformed in 2016 compared with her first run for president in 2008, a new data analysis done exclusively by Breitbart News shows.It s particularly telling that she s gotten fewer votes in 2016 than she did in 2008, especially because of the fact that the 2008 race was a three-way race for some time between Clinton, now President Barack Obama, and ex-Sen. John Edwards. She was, despite being the frontrunner for some time, the ultimate loser of that race and she got more votes that year in a much more competitive primary that she ended up losing than she has this year against a devout, proud socialist in Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) of Vermont.Clinton is widely expected to be the Democratic nominee in 2016, but her poor performance in the primaries which many believe she should have wrapped up long ago may drag her down heading into the general election, as even many Democratic voters seem to distrust her. To win in November, Clinton will need a strong showing from the Democrat base. This data seems to suggest that she has significant problems with her own party s core voters, meaning that if whoever wins the Republican nomination is able to woo these disaffected Democrats into the GOP camp, there could be a blowout in November for the Republican nominee.In 2016, Clinton has received 12,437,734 votes so far. In the states that have already voted this cycle, when she ran and lost back in 2008, Clinton received 12,727,221 votes.Specifically, the data shows, Clinton has seen a decline of 273,321 votes from 2008 to 2016 among states that have already voted this cycle. That 2.15 percent decrease nationally is exacerbated in several key states that Clinton would need to win to secure the presidency in a general election, suggesting that she s extraordinarily weak on the electoral college scale nationally and that whoever wins the GOP nomination will likely be able to thump her in the general in November. Via: Breitbart News",0
14012,DISGUSTING! Hillary Voters Taunt And Abuse Americans In Their Effort To: “Make America Mexico Again” [Video],"Crazy mob vandalizes, threatens, and spits at a couple in a car outside Trump rally. Crowd shouts  Mexico  and waves Mexican flag. Obama s Mexamerica disgusting!DISGUSTING: Angry mob vandalizes, threatens, and spits at a couple in a car outside Trump rally.#Trump2016https://t.co/UE2OWwgpky  Brett MacDonald (@TweetBrettMac) April 29, 2016Wow. Tribal protesters chanting  Mexico!  at the Anti-Trump Rally.Go home. Fix Mexico. Don t ruin the USA. pic.twitter.com/o8xOIyI8lS  Brett MacDonald (@TweetBrettMac) April 29, 2016 THUGS ATTACK TRUMP SUPPORTER:What happens when #DonaldTrump supporter inserts himself in middle of protesters outside #CAGOPConvention pic.twitter.com/UAxYqsS1zV  Bob Redell (@BobNBC) April 29, 2016",0
14013,OVER 100 COLLEGES WILL HOLD SEPARATE GRADUATION Ceremonies For Gays As Part Of A “Cultural Celebration”,"A Bi-Product Of Obama s Divided America The LGBT community has been fighting a decades-long culture war to be included in the fabrics of American society   and it s winning.Yet when it comes to their graduation ceremonies, it seems they d prefer exclusivity.More than 100 colleges and universities this spring will be holding separate graduation ceremonies for the LGBTQ population and their allies, according to the Human Rights Campaign (HRC). This includes Georgetown University, Duke University, Harvard University and Boston College, among others.The graduation ceremony is called the  Lavender Graduation,  signifying  pink triange that gay men were forced to wear in concentration camps and the black triange designating lesbians as political prisoners in Nazi Germany,  according to HRC.The special ceremony was started in 1995 at the University of Michigan by Dr. Ronni Sanlo, a Jewish lesbian, who said she was denied attendance at her children s graduation because of her sexual orientation. These events provide a sense of community for minority students who often experience tremendous culture shock at their impersonalized institutions,  HRC says on its website, explaining the need for such ceremonies.  For many students they are the payoff for staying in school, and friends and families find the smaller, more ethnic ceremonies both meaningful and personal. They deem it a  cultural celebration,  that  recognizes LGBT students of all races and ethnicities  it acknowledges their achievements and contributions to the university as students who  survived the college experience.  Via: Washington Times",0
14014,WHOA! FOX NEWS HOST JUST BLAMED TRUMP For Violence By Domestic Terrorists Against Him And His Supporters [VIDEO],"Domestic terrorists are ramping up the violence against innocent Americans and the Republican Presidential front-runner, and this FOX News host is going to suggest that Trump or his supporters are somehow responsible? Come again?A NEW LOW FOR THE TRUMP HATERS ON FOX NEWS Hundreds of mostly Latino anti-Trump protesters bloodied Donald Trump supporters, threw rocks at cars and smashed windows on vehicles including police cars following a huge campaign rally by the leading Republican presidential candidate in Costa Mesa, California Thursday night.Today on America s Newsroom host Martha MacCallum blamed the Trump supporters for the anti-Trump violence.Seriously?The anti-Trump goons are cracking skulls and Martha is worried about a few Trump supporters screaming   something leftists do at EVERY Trump rally?Wow!Martha MacCallum confronted Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson for the rioting Mexicans outside of the Trump Costa Mesa rally on Thursday night. The open border goons beat Trump supporters bloody and flipped cop cars.Unreal.WATCH HERE:https://youtu.be/hzNMMPvdBUAHere are a few of Martha s outrageous accusations: As Trump supporters and Trump protesters clashed out there  At one point a fight broke out when a Trump supporter tried to get his hat back  There s also a report though where there was one incident where a man who was holding a Mexican flag was surrounded by Trump supporters and they were shouting at this man who was surrounded  Is that something that you condone? And what is the campaign doing to try to lower the temperature a little bit? Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
14015,TRUMP AND SECRET SERVICE FORCED To Take Last Minute Escape Route To Avoid VIOLENT Liberal Thug Protesters [Video],"WATCH: @realDonaldTrump exits his speech in California by climbing over a barricade to avoid protesters.WATCH: @realDonaldTrump exits his speech in California by climbing over a barricade to avoid protesters.https://t.co/xOzgokBc2x  Fox News (@FoxNews) April 29, 2016 The California GOP Convention is going on and it s more of the same thugs who re using violence and violent rhetoric to stop the support of Republican Donald Trump. One of Trump s supporters was harassed and roughed up today in a show of total intolerance by the left.  Here s the moment when anti-#Trump protesters broke through the barricade at #CAGOPConvention @ReutersTV pic.twitter.com/1gyarQYn63  Lily Jamali (@lilyjamali) April 29, 2016 Protesters chanting  Make America Mexico Again  ",0
14016,BREAKING: Watered Down Endorsement From Gov Mike Pence For Ted Cruz “I particularly want to commend Donald Trump”,"Governor Mike Pence just endorsed Ted Cruz but it was at best a lackluster endorsement that smells of back room deals in the Republican establishment. Pence endorsed Cruz but went on to say he would support the eventual nominee  with all my heart .Indiana Gov. Mike Pence commends Donald Trump but endorses Ted Cruz https://t.co/y9exGSXSAk https://t.co/2Ju8tgbeg7  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) April 29, 2016 ",0
14017,AMERICA IS HAMMERING TARGET: #BoycottTarget Petition Swells To Over 1 MILLION Signatures…Company Suffers INSANE Loss In Stock Market,"Did Target really believe that 99.8% of Americans were going to be silent in the face of a decision that puts the safety of our women and children in jeopardy in order to satisfy the desire of a percentage of the .2% of Americans who consider themselves to be transgender? I cancelled my debit card with Target and lodged a complaint with their headquarters in Minneapolis. I would urge anyone who reads this to do the same. Here is the number to their corporate office: I called 612-304-6073 to cancel my #Target debit card.Stand up to companies who put political ideology before customers #targetmissedthemark  100% FED UP! (@100PercFEDUP) April 25, 2016More than 1,000,000 people have signed the boycott pledge against Target, following the secretive decision by executives to open all of their stores  bathrooms and changing rooms to people of both sexes. That s a million families who are going to spread the word about Target, so they may not get those customers back,  or their money, said Tim Wildmon, president of the American Family Association, which has hosted the boycott.Here is the link to sign the AFA petition to Boycott Target: https://www.afa.net/action-alerts/sign-the-boycott-target-pledge/Just reached 1 million signatures! #BoycottTarget pic.twitter.com/V8SZc0hTtR  American Family Assc (@AmericanFamAssc) April 29, 2016Target s  management is just going to have step up here [and] say  We re selling hammers and hats, we re not into social engineering,  he said.The boycott was announced April 20 by the association, one day after Target revealed its decision to favor its few transgender customers and staff over the rest of the population. A study of the 2010 census data suggests that only about 1 in 2,400 adults change their names to match names used by the other sex.#BoycottTarget who discriminates against 99.8% of non-transgender Americans who want safe restrooms 4 women & girls. pic.twitter.com/UKwuVtfCZJ  100% FED UP! (@100PercFEDUP) April 29, 2016Wildmon s association wants to affirm people s privacy in bathrooms and changing rooms, but also to block the progressives  multi-front push to stigmatize and outlaw any recognition of the average differences between women and men, and between boys and girls. The LGBT agenda  is being rammed down people s throats, and people are losing their jobs because of it, and it is becoming so that you can t think differently from these people or you re [called] a hater or a bigot,  he said.Since the decision was announced, numerous comments, articles, and videos protesting the store s one-sided decision have gone viral. Public opinion has moved and hardened in opposition to the previously bizarre notion of dual-sex bathrooms and changing rooms, and Target s brand as a family friendly store has taken a hit, as the online conversation shifted from its claim of  cheap chic  to worries of privacy, sexual predators, and the anger at the company s disregard for the reasoned judgement of its middle-class customers.Target, however, is not responding to customers  opposition.  We certainly respect that there are a wide variety of perspectives and opinions. As a company that firmly stands behind what it means to offer our team an inclusive place to work   and our guests an inclusive place to shop   we continue to believe that this is the right thing for Target, company spokeswoman Molly Snyder said April 25.Amid the turmoil, the company s stock edged down from $83.98 per share on April 19 to roughly $81.33 in April 28.That s a loss of $2.65 per share, which chops the company s stock market value by $1.5 billion, down to $48.8 billion.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
14018,ARE THE ANTI-TRUMP PROTESTS Becoming The New “Ferguson” For Illegals And Democrats? [Video],"A California Donald Trump Rally turned into a violent riot by mostly young Latinos. This is the result of open borders lawlessness and disregard for other people s right to free speech:Hundreds of demonstrators filled the street outside the Orange County amphitheater where Donald Trump held a rally Thursday night, stomping on cars, hurling rocks at motorists and forcefully declaring their opposition to the Republican presidential candidate.Some video I shot of a police car being smashed by a protester: pic.twitter.com/aqHm5jP9y3  Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) April 29, 2016THE ILLEGALS ARE EXPRESSING THEIR FRUSTRATION BY THROWING ROCKS AT PEOPLE AND DESTROYING COP CARS Donald Trump is worthless! There won t be no United States without Mexicans.  -Juan Carlos, 16 I m protesting because I want equal rights for everybody, and I want peaceful protest,  said 19-year-old Daniel Lujan, one of hundreds in a crowd that appeared to be mostly Latinos in their late teens and 20s. This just happen #CostaMesa #DonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/t0hS8EEdIU  Ruben Vives (@LATvives) April 29, 2016 Video footage showed some anti-Trump demonstrators hurling debris at a passing pickup. One group of protesters carried benches and blocked the entrance to the 55 Freeway along Newport Boulevard, with some tossing rocks at motorists near the on-ramp. Costa Mesa police confirmed that a total of 17 people   10 males and 7 females   were arrested on suspicion of unlawful assembly. A MOTORIST GOT OUT OF HIS CAR AFTER BEING BLOCKED AND CONFRONTED THE PROTESTERS:SUV almost ran over protester. Passenger gets out and gets confronted by protesters near 55 Fwy #CostaMesa pic.twitter.com/LLA4K1rzEN  Ruben Vives (@LATvives) April 29, 2016READ MORE: LA TIMES",0
14019,QUESTION: Which Presidential Candidate Spent The Most On Their Campaign So Far? The ANSWER May Surprise You…,"And the winner is the  Anti-Billionaire or the guy who detests rich people or how about the guy who made a LOT of people rich during his campaign, but did absolutely nothing for the less fortunate with his windfall. In fact, we reported about hundreds of homeless people who were kicked out of a venue they used as a warming hut on the coldest night of the year because socialist Bernie Sanders (who cares so much for the poor and underprivileged) was about to host a rally in that venue. Oh well the show must go on who has time for homeless people who likely won t vote .right hypocrite Bernie?The small-dollar fundraising juggernaut that has kept Bernie Sanders s insurgent White House bid afloat far longer than anticipated has generated another unexpected impact: a financial windfall for his team of Washington consultants.As donations surged this year, the Sanders campaign ratcheted up its spending each month, racing through an astounding $45 million in March alone.By the end of March, the self-described democratic socialist senator from Vermont had spent nearly $166 million on his campaign   more than any other 2016 presidential contender, including rival Hillary Clinton. More than $91 million went to a small group of admakers and media buyers who produced a swarm of commercials and placed them on television, radio and online, according to a Washington Post analysis of Federal Election Commission reports.While the vast majority of that money was passed along to television stations and websites to pay for the advertising, millions in fees were kept by the companies, The Post calculated. While it is impossible to determine precisely how much the top consultants have earned, FEC filings indicate the top three media firms have reaped payments of seven figures.Sanders s money blitz, fueled by a $27 average donation that he repeatedly touts, has improbably made the anti-billionaire populist the biggest spender so far in the election cycle. The campaign s wealth has been a surprising boon for vendors across the county who signed on to his long-shot bid.The large profits stem in part from the fact that no one in Sanders s campaign imagined he would generate such enormous financial support. So unlike Clinton, he did not cap how much his consultants could earn in commissions from what was expected to be a bare-bones operation, according to campaign officials.A campaign spokesman declined to comment on whether Sanders feels the high fees earned by his media consultants are appropriate. Via: Washington Post",0
14020,UNREAL! ELDERLY HISPANIC TRUMP SUPPORTER Pepper Sprayed By Liberal Thug [Video],The left keeps talking about how hateful the Trump supporters are but all the vitriol is coming from the commies who keep pepper spraying little kids and old people. Who does this? ,0
14021,MILLENNIAL Drops Awesome TRUTH BOMB On Her Generation: “We idolize people like Kim Kardashian and then we shame people like Tim Tebow” [VIDEO],"One millennial is 100% FED Up! with her generation. It all started when millennial Alexis Bloomer watched an elderly man limping into the post office, and watched two young men walk by him and not even offer to help him. Here s part of what Alexis had to say: We re just existing, we re not really contributing anything to society. Our generation doesn t have the basic manners that include  no mam  and  yes mam . We don t respect our elders. We don t even respect our country. We re stepping on our flag instead of stepping up to volunteer. And we idolize people like Kim Kardashian and then we shame people like Tim Tebow. We re lazy, we re really entitled, and we want to make a lot of money and have free education but we re not really willing to put in the work.  We re more divided as a country than ever before, and I think our generation has a lot to do with it. Everything that used to be frowned upon is now celebrated. Watch Alexis explain her motivation and reason for filming her apology to elders rant:",0
14022,"NOT SO FUNNY GUY, Liberal WILL FERRELL Makes Movie Mocking Ronald Reagan’s Alzheimer’s…Reagan’s Daughter Has A Few Choice Words For Him","What s next Making a comedy at the Humane Society about euthanizing pets?  Patti Davis, daughter of late President Ronald Reagan and Nancy Reagan, penned a moving open letter to actor Will Ferrell on Thursday criticizing his involvement in an upcoming comedic film that will satirize President Reagan s tragic battle with Alzheimer s disease.The film, based on a 2015 Black List script, centers on a fictional story in which President Reagan begins suffering from dementia shortly after a landslide reelection victory in 1984. A young aide must convince Reagan that he is an actor playing the President in a movie.Ferrell is attached to play Reagan in the film and will produce it under his Gary Sanchez Productions banner.Here is the letter Patty Davis penned to Ferrell:Dear Mr. Ferrell,I saw the news bulletin   as did everyone   that you intend to portray my father in the throes of Alzheimer s for a comedy that you are also producing. Perhaps you have managed to retain some ignorance about Alzheimer s and other versions of dementia. Perhaps if you knew more, you would not find the subject humorous.Alzheimer s doesn t care if you are President of the United States or a dockworker. It steals what is most precious to a human being   memories, connections, the familiar landmarks of a lifetime that we all come to rely on to hold our place secure in this world and keep us linked to those we have come to know and love. I watched as fear invaded my father s eyes   this man who was never afraid of anything. I heard his voice tremble as he stood in the living room and said,  I don t know where I am.  I watched helplessly as he reached for memories, for words, that were suddenly out of reach and moving farther away. For ten long years he drifted   past the memories that marked his life, past all that was familiar and mercifully, finally past the fear.There was laughter in those years, but there was never humor.Alzheimer s is the ultimate pirate, pillaging a person s life and leaving an empty landscape behind. It sweeps up entire families, forcing everyone to claw their way through overwhelming grief, confusion, helplessness, and anger. Perhaps for your comedy you would like to visit some dementia facilities. I have   I didn t find anything comedic there, and my hope would be that if you re a decent human being, you wouldn t either.Twice a week I run a support group called Beyond Alzheimer s for caregivers and family members of those with Alzheimer s and dementia. I look into haunted eyes that remind me of my own when my father was ill. I listen to stories of helplessness and loss and am continually moved by the bravery of those who wake up every morning not knowing who their loved one will be that day, or what will be lost. The only certainty with Alzheimer s is that more will be lost and the disease will always win in the end.Perhaps you would like to explain to them how this disease is suitable material for a comedy.",0
14023,"BOOM! SMALL ALABAMA TOWN TAKES ON TARGET: Any Man Using Women’s Restroom, Changing Rooms Will Face Fine Or Jail Time","America is experiencing an overwhelming climate of hostility and bullying by the Left (think Alinsky), as a means to shove their agenda down our throats. This story of courage and conviction by a small town in Alabama who is fighting back, will make you want to stand up and cheer! This is about a city council who is actually putting the safety and well-being of 99.80% of the population before the .2% of transgenders in America.  As expected, the gay mafia descends on Oxford, AL. Please call the Mayor of Oxford, Leon Smith at 256-831-2660 and let him know you support him and the city council s decision to keep our women and children safe.The Oxford City Council on Tuesday made it illegal for anyone to use a public bathroom that doesn t align with the gender they were born with.The new law, approved unanimously by the council s members, restricts a person s use of public bathrooms and changing rooms to the facilities designated for use by those of the gender listed on his or her birth certificate. The law applies within both the city s limits and police jurisdiction.After members approved the new city ordinance, Council President Steven Waits read from a prepared statement.Waits said he and the council sought the law  not out of concerns for the 0.3 percent of the population who identify as transgender,  but  to protect our women and children. He said the measure isn t meant to be discriminatory, and comes in direct response to the bathroom and changing-room usage policy put forth by supermarket chain Target, which has a store at Oxford s Exchange shopping center.The company posted that policy in a blog on its website last week, referencing  recent debate around proposed laws in several states. That debate has been heated in North Carolina, where news outlets report that scores of protesters have been arrested this week while demonstrating for or against a statewide law that extends similar restroom restrictions. We welcome transgender team members and guests to use the restroom or fitting room facility that corresponds with their gender identity,  read the company s post, put online last Tuesday.Waits said he s received an  overwhelming  number of complaints from city residents regarding the company s policy since it was announced.Under the new law, alleged violations must be reported by a witness or committed in front of a police officer to be prosecutable.Those found to have violated the law would be fined $500, or sentenced to six months in jail.There are some exceptions to the new rule, though: Adults are allowed to accompany children under the age of 12 into the restroom. Those who need to do janitorial or maintenance work, to offer emergency medical assistance, or to assist the disabled, likewise are permitted to enter any bathroom.Via: Anniston Star ",0
14024,DEMOCRATS FREAK OUT As Shocking Number Of Union Members Plan To Vote For “Blue-Collar Billionaire” Donald Trump [VIDEO],"As millions of dollars of union dues flow into the Democrat coffers, it could be all for naught, as union members plan to cast their votes for Donald Trump Democrats are worried as more and more union members are supporting Donald Trump for president.A recent AFL-CIO poll found that Trump has more support than Hillary and Bernie Sanders combined.95% of union donations flow to Democratic candidates and causes.  Gateway PunditTrump is resonating with voters who are struggling to make ends meet and who are seeing their friends  jobs shipped abroad, says John Cakmakci, president of United Food and Commercial Workers Union Local 951 in Michigan. And some of those voters are union members. Trump s populist positions on trade and his rejection of Washington politics have earned him votes across the Rust Belt, where several battleground states are key to winning the election in November Donald Trump Jr. explains the  Blue-Collar Billionaire s  appeal with voters: Working America, the political organizing arm of AFL-CIO, wanted to find out whether Trump s  rightwing  message appealed to workers outside Cleveland and Pittsburgh. After interviewing about 1,689 working-class Americans living in households earning less than $75,000, they found out that Trump was in fact the favored candidate. Of the 800 voters who had decided on a candidate at the time of the interview, about 300 favored Trump. Combined, the two Democratic candidates appealed to fewer workers   174 chose Clinton and 95 chose Sanders. While most of Trump s support comes from the staunch Republican base, one in four Democrats who chose a candidate showed a preference for Trump,  said Working America s report.The majority of respondents said they supported the candidate because of his pugnacious personality rather than for, say, his position on trade.On Tuesday, Jared Szczesny, a card-carrying member of the United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America Union (UAW), will cast his vote for Trump in Pennsylvania s primary. In 2008 and 2012, UAW endorsed President Obama. This time UAW has yet to endorse a candidate, but is likely to back a Democrat.Szczesny, 31, has never attended a Trump rally. He works seven days a week and has not been able to find the time. However, back in October, he picked up Trump s book The Art of the Deal. When he finished it, he knew that Trump had his vote.Via: The Guardian",0
14025,"DAUGHTER OF SUNNI MUSLIM, George Clooney Wife, Open Borders Activist And British Citizen Says Trump Doesn’t Represent “U.S. Values”","There s nothing like a Brit telling Americans who we should support for President, or a foreigner suggesting we should open our borders to anyone who cares to cross over  them. It s not exactly like Britain is immune from the violent Muslim invasion taking place across Europe. Telling Americans which of our candidates do, or do not represent US values adds a special touch don t you think?Perhaps Queen Clooney should stick to advising Britain citizens about who they should or shouldn t vote for. Just because you and your ass-clown of a husband raised $15 MILLION for corrupt Hillary, doesn t give you the right to tell Americans who we should vote for. George Clooney is a Clinton supporter   but he agrees with Sanders on at least one point. #Decision2016https://t.co/gQ8X7YR8yA  Meet the Press (@MeetThePress) April 16, 2016Amal Clooney, the British-Lebanese human rights attorney who has been married to Hollywood actor George Clooney since 2014, says populist GOP frontrunner Trump doesn t represent  U.S. values. In a BBC interview Monday evening, the 38-year-old criticized  the leading candidate on the Republican side  for proposing  building walls  and a temporary pause on Muslim immigration into the United States.She then paraphrased Trump and defended Muslims who she says are  not extremist or violent. If you actually look at what [Trump] specifically says in that now infamous speech about Muslims, he kept saying,  They only want jihad; they don t believe in our way of life; they don t respect our system,  she said.She continued:  And when he says  they  And, you know, you watch the media coverage afterwards and people should ve been saying,  Do you mean the 1.5 billion people around the world who fit that description? Do you mean the people who are U.S. citizens, who are members of your military, the vast majority of whom are not extremist or violent in any way?  Her mother is a Sunni Muslim.Amal Clooney added she is  perplexed  by the success of Trump s campaign. If, at the end of all of this, he gets beaten by the person who becomes the first female president of the United States, then I think that would send a very positive message from the electorate back to him as to what they really think of those points of view,  Clooney said.She concluded:  I don t think they are U.S. values. Amal Clooney and her husband George both support Hillary Clinton s White House bid. Mr. Clooney, who has pushed for open borders, recently described Trump as a  xenophobic fascist  who want  ban Muslims from the country  during an interview with The Guardian.As Breitbart News has extensively reported in the past, the Clooneys have taken extensive measures to ensure they have privacy and security at their homes, including their $10 million Lake Como estate in Laglio, Northern Italy.Roberto Pozzi, mayor of Laglio, issued an ordinance in 2015 to protect the solace of the couple and their property. The area surrounding the estate is now off limits to unwanted guests, and anyone who gets too close to the property faces a stiff fine.Via: Breitbart News ",0
14026,WWII VET Asks Basketball Legend Bobby Knight A Question At TRUMP Town Hall…He Gets An Epic Bobby Knight Response! [Video],"A World War II veteran attended the Trump rally today at the Hilbert Circle Theater in Indianapolis. The veteran asked Donald Trump and Bobby Knight to discuss leadership. Here s the great response from Bobby Knight:  That was very nice of you to say that. I appreciate that. But let me tell you another thing about Mr. Trump. And I think we re a little bit alike in that regard. If we re involved in something that we want to win, and particularly something that s necessary. If there s something out there that we need to win, we re going to try and beat your ass every time we can.  ",0
14027,IRS CHIEF: Okay For Illegal Aliens To Use Stolen Social Security Numbers [VIDEO],"It sure would be nice to have a President and Congress who took this whole illegal alien thing seriously IRS Commissioner John Koskinen told a Senate panel on Tuesday that the IRS wants to continue to allow illegal aliens to use stolen social security numbers to file tax returns without allowing the numbers to be used for  bad  reasons. Koskinen said it s in everyone s interest to have illegal aliens paying taxes.Sen. Dan Coats (R-Ind.) asked the Koskinen to explain the policy after revealing that his staff looked into IRS procedures and found that,  the IRS continues to process tax returns with false W-2 information and issue refunds as if they were routine tax returns, and say that s not really our job. What happens in these situations is someone is using a Social Security number to get a job, but they re filing their tax return with their [taxpayer identification number],   Koskinen said.  They are undocumented aliens   . They re paying taxes. It s in everybody s interest to have them pay the taxes they owe. Sen. Coats also revealed that the IRS ignores notifications from the Social Security Administration when a name and SSN does not match and that IRS agents are prohibited from informing the victims of employment-related identity theft even though the agency identified 200,000 new cases last year.Koskinen explained that as long as they were using the stolen SSNs to only illegally obtain a job that they would allow them to continue to use the number in order to file taxes, since the IRS uses the taxpayer identification number (ITIN) to process the tax return. The question is whether the Social Security number they re using to get the job has been stolen. It s not the normal identity theft situation,  Koskinen said.The topic of the hearing was to address the cybersecurity failings of the IRS to protect taxpayer data. In February 2016 about 464,000 of these stolen SSNs were targeted by hackers in a cyber breach. The agency said it wants to differentiate the  bad  misuse of personal data from other uses.  Washington ExaminerVia: Numbers USA",0
