id,title,text,label
2004, Trump Staff Hangs Absurdly Offensive Abraham Lincoln Banner In Mar-A-Lago Dining Room,"A few years ago, teenage pop star Justin Bieber angered many people by commenting that he thought Holocaust victim Anne Frank would have been a  belieber.  Today, the 70-year-old President of the United States and his enablers pulled a similarly bone-headed stunt. Bieber was 19 at the time. What s Trump s excuse?Visitors to Trump s Mar-a-Lago resort were shocked to find that over the weekend, his staff hung banners  honoring  Abraham Lincoln by photoshopping a  Make America Great Again  trucker hat onto the former president s head.This is genuinely hanging in Mar-a-Lago for a dinner honoring Lincoln  pic.twitter.com/sRQLtjwBi4  B (@bXbyrne) March 25, 2017The banner went up in conjunction with a Republican Party of Palm Beach County dinner to celebrate  Lincoln Day.  Honoring Lincoln apparently didn t include celebrating his actual accomplishments, but connecting him to Donald Trump.They were so proud of this feat of egomania that they distributed the picture in the dinner program as well.The cover of the 2017 Lincoln Day Dinner program for Republican Party of Palm Beach County tonight at Mar-a-Lago. @WPTV pic.twitter.com/SJPlB8V6qb  Andrew Lofholm (@AndrewLofholm) March 24, 2017The only person who might find this stunt in good taste is Donald Trump   who recently learned that Abraham Lincoln was a Republican. Great president. Most people don t even know he was a Republican. Right? Does anyone know? A lot of people don t know that. We have to build that up a little more. The Florida Republicans hosting the dinner (which, itself, is probably an ethics violation due to the fact that the current president owns the resort and will profit from it) seemed to take Trump s idea and run with it.That s an awfully big dose of wishful thinking. While it s impossible to know what a man who has been dead for 152 years would make of modern life, the idea that he would enthusiastically endorse a race-baiting grifter like Donald Trump is hard to picture. Trump couldn t even get a single living president to support him. Adding to that, the fact that Lincoln is widely regarded as perhaps America s greatest orator only makes it more unlikely that he would be impressed by a guy who can barely string two sentences together coherently.I mean, seriously  look at this garbage: Look, having nuclear my uncle was a great professor and scientist and engineer, Dr. John Trump at MIT; good genes, very good genes, OK, very smart, the Wharton School of Finance, very good, very smart you know, if you re a conservative Republican, if I were a liberal, if, like, OK, if I ran as a liberal Democrat, they would say I m one of the smartest people anywhere in the world it s true! but when you re a conservative Republican they try oh, do they do a number. It s not exactly  Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal. If Lincoln were alive today, he would probably have a really articulate, beautiful way of saying  Donald Trump, go screw yourself.  I ll have to settle for saying it as plainly as that.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
2005," After His Latest Major F*ck Up, Trump Heads Back To His Golf Club AGAIN","After offering Americans a sh*t sandwich for health care coverage, a plan which was slammed by conservative groups, doctors, hospitals, democrats, and liberals, Trumpcare, the Republicans attempt to repeal and replace Obamacare, failed. Alleged president Donald Trump couldn t even get his own party to back his major campaign promise to eradicate Obamacare and replace it with a viable alternative. Republicans have been promising that for seven long years and the best they could come up with is tax cuts for the wealthy while the middle class and lower income Americans suffer. Naturally, Trump blamed Democrats.So what does an amateur president do after such a stunning defeat? The 70-year-old headed to Trump International Gold Club in Virginia on Saturday, reportedly for meetings, although, who he is meeting with is only open to speculation since it s not clear from pool reports.What is clear is that this marks the former reality show star s 12th visit to a golf course since his inauguration just two months ago. This also marks Trump s eighth weekend in a row making a trip to a Trump-owned property, the latter of which brings up his massive list of conflicts of interests. The former highlights his hypocrisy since he blasted Barack Obama for playing golf while he was in office.This also marks Mr. Trump's 8th consecutive weekend visit to a Trump-owned property (Mar-a-Lago club, FL golf club, VA golf club, DC hotel) https://t.co/uoLa4UvKKO  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) March 25, 2017Trump obviously needs a safe place to go to. The Trump-owned business, though, will profit from his presidency. This has been a reoccurring problem with the alleged billionaire, who, by the way, still refuses to release his tax returns.Each vacation Trump takes is costing the taxpayers dearly. Don t  worry,  though! As Trump put it in a tweet reportedly while he was en route to the golf club,  ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry! ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 25, 2017Trump is literally hoping Obamacare, which provides coverage for millions of Americans, will  explode. How is any of this Making America Great Again? Asking for a friend Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
2006, Fox News FIRES Longtime Executive For Making Racist Remarks To Black Employees,"For years, Fox News hosts have been spewing racist remarks without consequences but apparently, when the racism is directed against their own African-American employees, the conservative network draws a line.Fox has reportedly fired longtime comptroller Judy Slater for making racist comments to black employees after her behavior was brought to the attention of her bosses.According to The Wrap,Slater, who is white and has worked at Fox for 19 years, was accused of asking one African-American employee if all three of her children were fathered by the same man, according to an individual familiar with the matter. She also referred to African American women as  sista  and stereotyped African-American employees  speech, openly complaining that they mispronounced words, the individual said.In a statement, Fox News condemned Slater s  abhorrent behavior  and claimed that such behavior is not tolerated by the network. We take any complaint of this nature very seriously and took the appropriate action in investigating and firing Ms. Slater within two weeks of this being brought to our attention. There is no place for abhorrent behavior like this at Fox News. Of course, if Fox News really takes racism seriously, they would oust personalities like Sean Hannity and Bill O Reilly, who have also made racist remarks over the years.Just last October, Hannity literally offered to send President Obama and his family back to Africa even though President Obama and his family are natural-born citizens of the United States.Nobody would have ever said this to any of our presidents who served before Obama, but Hannity did and he should have been fired on the spot.That same month, Bill O Reilly gave the green light to a segment featuring Jesse Watters mocking Asian-Americans. The segment drew instant outrage and condemnation from multiple Asian-American organizations. However, O Reilly is still on the air and Watters was promoted.O Reilly and Watters have often teamed up to reach new heights of racism, including a segment in 2015 aimed at shaming homeless black people.Fox host Jeanine Pirro should also be fired for taking racism and hate to a new level. Not only did she blame Michelle Obama for all the bad things that have happened in the world in a highly disrespectful rant, she told a black  Hamilton  actor to shut up and stick to hip-hop.So while it s good to see Fox News punishing racists in their ranks, they need to start cleaning house by firing the hosts who spew racism on the air. If Fox News truly takes racism seriously, that s what they need to do.",0
2007, ‘Pizzagate’ Conspiracy Rally Melts Down When Crowd Can’t Agree On Whether To Blame Jews,"A DC rally meant to prove  the existence of the long-debunked conspiracy theory known as  Pizzagate  reached a painfully stupid peak when the crowd couldn t agree on whether or not a secret Jewish cabal was to blame.For those that can t recall this particularly bit of idiocy coming from the right, Pizzagate was a conspiracy floated by right-wing fringe sites that claimed Hillary Clinton and other high-ranking politicians were involved in a child-sex ring in the basement of a pizza restaurant in Washington D.C. The conspiracy had been repeatedly disproven, but the requirement of having at least two brain cells and the ability to use them meant that a vocal group of nutjobs believed a cover-up was at play. It would have been mostly harmless if not for the fact that a believer of the conspiracy brought a rifle into the actual pizza place demanding to see the sex dungeon in the basement. He was arrested, but not before discovering the pizza place has no basement.His arrest did not stop the conspiracy. The remaining fanatics decided to host the DC rally to keep the conspiracy alive. Unfortunately, a gathering of this size of people dumb enough to believe the conspiracy in the first place was bound to have problems. It didn t take long for cracks to emerge. Naturally, xenophobia played a part.Members of the crowd  some of whom carpooled in a giant trailer decorated with Trump decals   grew tense when one speaker defended his personal theory that a Zionist plot was at the heart of Pizzagate. Others said they supported Israel. A fight ensued. Will Sommer of The Hill was there to witness the meltdown in all its glory:Pizzagate rally has switched into high context mode. References to international conspiracies, lines from the Book of Ephesians  Will Sommer (@willsommer) March 25, 2017Pizzagate rally divided over Zionism!  I don t have a problem with the state of Israel  speaker sez. Man in crowd:  Well I do!  Will Sommer (@willsommer) March 25, 2017Speaker has wisely moved on from claim that  pedo-sadism  is inherent to  Zionism.  Organizer defends his right to make claim.  Will Sommer (@willsommer) March 25, 2017Before that debate had been settled, the crowd had moved on. Other unrelated points of contention were brought up.Pizzagate rally going off the rails. Discussions of apocryphal Christian  lesser gods  angels as  God s scientists.  Crowd restless.  Will Sommer (@willsommer) March 25, 2017Pizzagate rally is getting off course. Now talking about father's rights, family court, pro se litigants, American Bar Association. pic.twitter.com/7RJi1AbjWg  Will Sommer (@willsommer) March 25, 2017Meanwhile, this happened This family of 5 wore matching Pizzagate outfits. pic.twitter.com/ADyZhN8MLV  Will Sommer (@willsommer) March 25, 2017But while Pizzagate believers rallied, the perpetrator of the myth, InfoWars, publicly apologized for helping start it. They did this not out of the kindness of their own hearts, but because the owner of Comet Pizza threatened to sue them if they didn t stop lying. Donald Trump recently gave InfoWars a press pass to attend White House press briefings.Featured image via Will Sommer/Twitter",0
2008, The Wall Street Journal HUMILIATES Trump And GOP For Choking On Healthcare Bill,"Donald Trump and his Republican allies are total losers, and even the conservative-leaning Wall Street Journal admits it.The GOP proved that they are totally incapable of governing on Friday as the vote for Trumpcare failed to materialize after Republicans leaders in the House canceled the vote because they could not get the necessary support for it from their own party.It marked the second time in two days that Republicans failed to even bring their healthcare bill to the House floor for a vote.Of course, that s a good thing for the American people because the GOP plan would have gutted the Affordable Care Act, stripped health insurance from over 20 million people and caused premiums to skyrocket to prices unreachable for most Americans.But the failure to pass their own bill despite controlling Congress and the White House demonstrates once and for all that even with absolute power, Republicans are incapable of governing.For seven years, Republicans vowed to repeal the Affordable Care Act. They rehearsed the vote to repeal it over 60 times in order to pander to their rabid base. But when it came down to it, Republicans choked under pressure from millions of Americans who angrily protested their effort to kill healthcare.In an editorial on Friday, the Wall Street Journal humiliated Trump and the GOP for failing to govern. House Republicans pulled their health-care bill shortly before a vote on Friday, and for once the media dirge is right about a GOP defeat. This is a major blow to the Trump Presidency, the GOP majority in Congress, and especially to the cause of reforming and limiting government. Republicans have campaigned for more than seven years on repealing and replacing ObamaCare, and they finally have a President ready to sign it. In the clutch they choked. Indeed, and it goes much deeper than that. For years, Republicans obstructed any and all legislation, including their own bills, all while insisting that they were capable of governing if only they could get a Republican in the White House.In November, they got their wish, but still could not pass their own bill, and the Wall Street Journal predicts that they won t repeal the Affordable Care Act at all. The risk of political suicide is not only too high to ignore, it s clear that there are conservatives who think government works best by failing to do anything. There will be no such repeal in this Congress, and probably not in any other. Republicans run the government and that means they are responsible for what happens in health care  Much of the current conservative establishment profits from fanning resentments, not governing. Legislative compromises don t help Heritage Action raise money for its perpetual outrage machine. An earlier generation of leaders at Heritage understood that the goal of winning elections was to achieve something. The current leaders seem happy with failure. In the end, the Wall Street Journal noted that this legislative failure is an  ominous  sign that Trump s presidency is a failure. Perhaps Mr. Trump and the GOP can recover from this debacle, but as an opening act to a new Presidency the collapse of his first legislative campaign is ominous. And that s particularly embarrassing because Trump has not even completed 100 days yet.Featured image via Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
2009, Republican Has Epiphany: ‘Wracking My Brain To Think Of One [Positive] Thing Our Party Has Done’,"Just a few years after Republicans shut down the government. Then came so close to defaulting on America s debts that the nation s credit rating was reduced. Then nominated a reality television star and serial liar as president. Then elected said reality television star and serial liar to actually be president even after a tape was released where he bragged about sexual assault. Republican Representative Tom Rooney had an epiphany: Maybe  maybe the Republican Party is a joke?It may seem obvious to some, but even Republicans themselves are starting to question whether or not the GOP has a single good idea in years.Rooney s epiphany came after he watched how his party botched a healthcare reform bill that the GOP had spent seven years promising to pass. From start to finish, the effort was a spectacular failure. The bill itself was a rush job and so poorly constructed that an independent assessment of its effects found that it would result in 24 million fewer people having insurance while also not saving the country any money. The bill s popularity hovered around 17%. Then the right-wing section of the Republican Party actually revolted against the bill because it didn t kick more people off of insurance. Then Trump demanded the GOP prove its loyalty to him by passing the bill anyway   and nobody listened. The bill failed before it even got a vote, humiliating both Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan.Republicans, including Rooney, were shook. So much so that Rooney began saying the one thing you as a Republican are never supposed to say aloud.As the prospect of a loss became more real on Friday, the frustrations of GOP lawmakers loyal to the leadership began to boil over.  I ve been in this job eight years, and I m wracking my brain to think of one thing our party has done that s been something positive, that s been something other than stopping something else from happening,  Representative Tom Rooney of Florida said in an interview.  We need to start having victories as a party. And if we can t, then it s hard to justify why we should be back here. Like many Americans, it s slowly dawning on Republicans that they really are the  Party of No.  Obstructionists. Haters. Fanatics. But not lawmakers.And Rooney wasn t the only one. The healthcare bill implosion was so incredible that other conservatives were having similar thoughts:GOP aide on CapHill: ""I'm starting to think that while we're pretty good at winning elections, we're not great at the whole governing thing""  Alex Roarty (@Alex_Roarty) March 24, 2017 Not great at the whole governing thing  could very well be the official Republican motto.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2010, Petty Trump Responds To Trumpcare Failure By Hoping American Healthcare System Falls Apart,"Donald Trump is so petty about not getting his way on healthcare that he is literally hoping that our healthcare system fails.On Friday, House Republicans were forced to cancel a floor vote on their Trumpcare bill for the second time because it was heading for a massive defeat.It was a humiliating blow for a party that controls the House, Senate, and the White House.The Republican healthcare plan would have repealed the Affordable Care Act. Over 20 million Americans would have lost their health insurance and premiums would have skyrocketed.Only 17 percent of Americans supported the bill, which makes it far less popular than the Affordable Care Act.Trump immediately reacted by blaming Democrats, but again, Republicans control Congress so that excuse won t fly.On Saturday morning, Trump reacted again by expressing his hope that the healthcare system will collapse and told everyone not to worry because he will create a plan  for the people,  even though his previous attempt would have hurt millions.ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 25, 2017What you just witnessed is a sitting president literally desiring the failure of our healthcare system. Also, notice that Trump has stopped saying that the Affordable Care Act  is imploding  and is instead now saying that it  will explode.  It sounds like Trump just admitted that the Affordable Care Act was not crumbling as he previously claimed. Now he is just making a prediction.Of course, Twitter users responded by humiliating Trump for failing to gut the Affordable Care Act and torched him for hoping that healthcare fails in America.@realDonaldTrump To be clear: Trump s plan at this point is to try to slowly degrade health care then blame the ACA.  Mikel Jollett (@Mikel_Jollett) March 25, 201724 million people keeping healthcare =  exploding https://t.co/zCnumlKzMx  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) March 25, 2017.@realDonaldTrump gleefully hoping the current health plan explodes shows what a truly heartless, disturbed man you actually are  Roland Scahill (@rolandscahill) March 25, 2017.@realDonaldTrump So, we should not worry, because the health insurance market will collapse ? Great logic.  Simon Hedlin (@simonhedlin) March 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump The only thing exploding is your orange head, after realising you can t always get what you want, as your fave song goes.  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) March 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump Trumpcare exploded first.  Mark Pygas (@MarkPygas) March 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump Maybe make a better plan now and work with both sides? This isn t a reality show, you turd.  Ben Berkon (@BenBerkon) March 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump Great leadership! Hoping a program that insures millions will fail cause you COULDN T CLOSE THE DEAL!  Erich McElroy (@erichmcelroy) March 25, 2017u r a creep @realDonaldTrump  ROSIE (@Rosie) March 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump The fact that you re so gleeful about the possibility of millions of people dying if healthcare does fail, speaks volumes.  Nick Bilton (@nickbilton) March 25, 2017@nickbilton @realDonaldTrump to be clear, it was  imploding  earlier this month. Why the change in talking points?  Ben Fox Rubin (@benfoxrubin) March 25, 2017.@realDonaldTrump so, just to recap, you d like Americans to die from losing health insurance or terrorism just so you can yell  TOLDYA!  Jess Dweck (@TheDweck) March 25, 2017A lot of people will die if Trump s wish comes true and he ll likely try to make it come true by killing regulations and funding in order to sabotage the Affordable Care Act. Trump is not a patriot and he s definitely not a human being. He s a f*cking monster.Featured image via Mario Tama/Getty Images",0
2011, WATCH: Conservative Group BRAINLESSLY Ran These Ads Cheering Trumpcare AFTER It Died,"Trump and the House GOP suffered a stunning defeat on legislation they promised would deliver better healthcare to millions, despite that promise being a lie. They pulled the Trumpcare bill from the floor early Friday afternoon, before getting a vote, because they knew it wouldn t pass. And that was absolutely humiliating for them.But what may be more humiliating is what the American Action Network a conservative PAC did on Friday night   the exact same day the bill failed. During Friday night basketball games, they ran television ads about the triumph of Trumpcare over Obamacare, saying the following: Republicans are keeping their promise with a new plan for better hrealthcare, More choices and lower costs, putting doctors and patients in charge again. No more big government penalties or job killing mandates. They go on to explain that the tax credits contained within Trumpcare would make healthcare more affordable, and that protections for people with pre-existing conditions would remain in place (which wasn t necessarily true).And then they do something truly amazing, given that these ads ran long after all the drama from the bill s death had quieted down. Watch one of these ads below:Why didn t they have these pulled? That just makes them look completely moronic.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
2012, WATCH: Fox Host Declares GOP Trumpcare Failure A Victory For President Obama,"President Obama has finally been vindicated after seven years of Republican attacks on the Affordable Care Act resulted in humiliating failure on Friday.Once again, Republicans were forced to cancel a floor vote for their Trumpcare bill the day after previously pulling it because many Republicans couldn t bring themselves to vote for such a terrible piece of legislation.The bill would have repealed the Affordable Care Act, stripping healthcare from over 20 million Americans and causing healthcare premiums to skyrocket.Donald Trump, of course, immediately blamed Democrats for the defeat even though Republicans control the House, Senate, and the White House.In short, Republicans only have themselves to blame because they are the ones who tried to replace the Affordable Care Act with a plan that was just awful and universally opposed across the country.Adding insult to injury, Fox News anchor Bret Baier forcefully pointed out that while Republicans went down in flames, President Obama won the day. Let me just say one thing, the biggest winner today: President Barack Obama, who came out this week and defended his legacy healthcare law,  Baier began.  It is now clear that Republicans cannot do, at least yet, what they planned on doing in the campaign, after campaign from 2010, 2012, 2014, 2016,  repeal and replace  was the mantra. Indeed, Republicans rehearsed their repeal of the Affordable Care Act incessantly, holding over 60 useless symbolic votes over the years. But when push came to shove, Republicans demonstrated that they are incapable of governing even when they control every branch of government. Barack Obama has the win right now, and it has changed the entire way that we look at healthcare,  Baier continued.  It is now the Democrats  version, the ideology, that government does have a role in providing healthcare in some way shape or form. Thousands of Americans across the country showed up at town halls to confront Republicans in defense of the Affordable Care Act and only 17 percent of Americans approved of their bill.And in the end, not enough Republicans were willing to commit political suicide by supporting the bill and decided to stand against it instead.In conclusion, Baier echoed Fox Business host Stuart Varney by noting that Republicans control Congress and the White House but still could not get anything done. The repeal, drag it up by the root has not worked,  Baier said.  They can t get it through a Republican House, a Republican Senate and a Republican president. Today is a win for President Barack Obama. Here s the video via YouTube.Americans should remain vigilant, however, and continue to watch Republicans closely to make sure they don t try to sneak the bill through. Just like the Affordable Care Act failed a few times before it passed, the GOP could always bring up their terrible bill again for another vote. It will be up to each and every one of us to make sure they fail again. But for now, the Affordable Care Act is the law and Republicans should accept that and get over it.Featured image via Pete Souza",0
2013, RNC Paid TENS of THOUSANDS To Intel Firm With MASSIVE Russian Ties To Dig Up Dirt On Hillary,"During the campaign cycle, payments from the Republican National Committee to this company called the Hamilton Trading Group drew some attention because the RNC said they were payments for an assessment of building security at RNC headquarters in Washington and it looked unusual on a financial disclosure form. That was the RNC s story, as well as that of Hamilton s co-founder, Ben Wickham, and they stuck to it.Until recently. Most of the $41,500 the RNC paid to Hamilton actually went towards intelligence-gathering for the purpose of digging up dirt on Hillary Clinton. Wickham, an ex-CIA officer, insisted at the time that his work was entirely for building security, but now he s saying that he  wasn t totally forthcoming  because the dirt-digging they did was protected under a non-disclosure agreement.The big kicker is that Hamilton has strong connections in Russia. They ve done background checks and provided security services for American companies and officials   work that was done by an ex-KGB agent. According to Wickham, Gennady Vasilenko has  very good contacts in Russia.  However, he also claims never to have had any contact with Donald Trump, Paul Manafort, or any of their people, and that their work has nothing to do with Russia itself.We re pretty sure at this point that Russia hacked the DNC and began releasing batches of documents and emails that were damaging to the DNC for the purpose of helping Trump and harming Hillary. That the RNC worked with a company, which has its own ties to Russia, to build two dossiers on Hillary that supposedly showed she intervened on behalf of energy companies that had donated to the Clinton Foundation in both Israel and Bulgaria just compounds their growing  Russia problem. Trump has people on his team in the White House that have their own ties to Russia. House Intel chair Devin Nunes may have his own ties. Now the RNC itself admits to paying a company with heavy connections to Russia to dig up dirt on Hillary Clinton during the election. This has been out of control for a long time.Featured image by Justin Sullivan via Getty Images",0
2014, Schumer Goes ALL IN On ‘Incompetent’ Trump White House After Healthcare Bill Fails,"The Republican Party and the Trump White House just suffered a humiliating defeat as their signature campaign promise   to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act immediately   couldn t even pass a vote on the House floor with a large GOP majority.Of course, this is a major victory for Democrats, and a political disaster for Republicans. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer wasted no time in blasting the Republicans  inability to govern, and the Trump White House in particular. In a press conference shortly after the bill failed, Schumer said: The TrumpCare bill failed because of two traits that have plagued the Trump presidency since he took office: incompetence and broken promises.  I have never seen an administration as incompetent as the one occupying the White House. Schumer went on to openly mock Trump s own claim to fame   deal-making. He snarked,  so much for the art of the deal,  referencing Trump s famous book. Schumer went on to say that Trumpcare should be abandoned in favor of fixing Obamacare: They should depart the field, cut their losses and abandon their quixotic attempt to pass TrumpCare once and for all. Schumer then reminded Republicans that he is willing to work with them on a fix for Obamacare, but will not be helping them to repeal anything to do with the Affordable Care Act: What we said, we stand by. If they would denounce repeal .then we ll work with them on improving [ObamaCare] and making it better. But they can t continue to want to repeal. Schumer went on to remind everyone of a truth that we see every time Republicans are in power: They are very good at criticizing. They re not very good at governing. Schumer also waved away Trump s pathetic attempt to blame Democrats for the bill s failure, and even went so far as to essentially call him a liar: It s another one of his big tall tales. He couldn t get enough Republican votes, he never tried to reach out to Democrats in any way. So the blame falls with president trump and with the Republicans. Indeed. They know how to be against things, how to try and pass draconian laws that are way outside the mainstream opinion of the American people. But when it comes to actually making lives better and making government work, they haven t a clue.Thanks for your candor, Senator Schumer. We need voices like yours right now.Featured image by Alex Wong via Getty Images",0
2015, Trump Goes Ballistic Following His AHCA Defeat: The REAL Losers ‘Are Pelosi And Schumer!’ (VIDEO),"Donald Trump drew a line in the sand: Pass the Obamacare repeal and replace bill or else.Then it blew up in his face. Republicans created a bill so unpopular that he couldn t even get it to pass the House. Trump told them to pass the bill anyway   and Republicans ignored him. The legendary  dealmaker  failed spectacularly. So  he s blaming Democrats.In a presser held shortly after he and Paul Ryan agreed to pull the bill rather than face a humiliating defeat during voting, Trump said this outcome was actually  better  than passing the bill because now the Affordable Care Act will collapse on its own. If that reeks of desperation, it only got worse from there. Just two minutes in, Trump claimed the failure of this Republican bill made Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer the real  losers. That is an astounding amount of deflection.FULL REMARKS: @POTUS on the GOP health care bill, which has been pulled. https://t.co/XSqXSToBHV pic.twitter.com/RiIhIA7N35  Fox News (@FoxNews) March 24, 2017 Now they own Obamacare. They own it. 100% own it. This is not Republican healthcare. This is not anything but Democrat healthcare. They have Obamacare for a little bit longer until it ceases to exist, which it will at some point in the near future. The fact that Democrats  own  Obamacare isn t exactly breaking news. They ve  owned  it for seven years, and in the meantime, the president whose name is on it was re-elected in a landslide. It seems unlikely that Schumer or Pelosi are particularly worried about the ACA being seen as  Democrat healthcare.  The healthcare bill is currently at its most popular point ever.Despite Republican lawmakers  efforts to dismantle the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, a new survey shows that support for the health care law has reached an all-time high.According to the Pew Research Center which conducted the poll, 54 percent of 1,503 adults surveyed between February 7 and 12 approve of the law while 43 percent disapprove.As ever, Trump is showing the country that he has an inability to accept responsibility for his actions. When he strikes out, he blames everyone but himself. It s the judges. It s the  illegal  voters. It s the media. It s the Democrats. It s never  Donald J. Trump, epic buffoon. Featured image via CNN",0
2016, Authors Of Failed GOP Bill Which Would Have Kicked 24 Million Off Insurance Reportedly ‘Near Tears’,"The authors of the Republican bill that would have caused as many as 24 million people to lose health insurance and bankrupt countless others are reportedly  near tears  and  demoralized  following the bill s failure to make it through the house.Guys who wrote this bill are in shock. A couple darn near tears. They know how bad this is.  Mike DeBonis (@mikedebonis) March 24, 2017Republicans supporting this bill were looking forward to the massive tax cuts it gave to millionaires and the major slashes to things like Medicaid and Planned Parenthood. Paul Ryan, the bill s biggest supporter, remarked that he had been dreaming of gutting health care since he was  drinking at a keg  in college. So close to that goal, he looked tired and defeated at a press conference held immediately after the bill s implosion. He admitted that the Affordable Care Act is likely here to stay.Ryan s bedraggled look led to at least one epic joke at his expense:Texas Republican Jodey Arrington was equally crestfallen.The lone Texas Republican freshman, Rep Jodey Arrington, backed the bill and is incredibly demoralized. Quotes to come  Abby Livingston (@TexasTribAbby) March 24, 2017And Rep Mike Conaway decided the most optimistic thing he could say about the day was that he wasn t dead.Rep Mike Conaway is clearly disappointed but does have this reminder: ""Any time you're on this side of the dirt, it's a good day.""  Abby Livingston (@TexasTribAbby) March 24, 2017Twitter users weren t exactly sympathetic to these heartbroken Republicans. The bill was a complete mess and would have caused immeasurable harm. Trump himself seemed to have absolutely no idea what was in the bill and didn t seem to care. The GOP was poised to pass the bill despite these drawbacks for purely political gamesmanship. Still obsessed with their irrational hatred of Obama, they even scheduled the vote to be on the 7th anniversary of Obamacare.@mikedebonis Imagine being moved to tears that your attempt to kill poor people slowly didn't work out. That's some evil.  Dennis Perkins (@DennisPerkins5) March 24, 2017How exactly does a person become ""darn near tears"" over failing to *kick people off* health insurance? @mikedebonis https://t.co/d3qlGp5V2i  Eric Kleefeld (@EricKleefeld) March 24, 2017@mikedebonis @wpjenna Beats 24 million people crying over something much more serious.  Questions Raised (@RaisesQuestions) March 24, 2017@mikedebonis @marcburleigh If that is best they can write then they deserve to be in tears. Atrocious piece of legislation.  Adin of Crimea (@RealCrimea) March 24, 2017For his part, Trump did what comes naturally to him: He threw a tantrum and blamed Democrats.TRUMP tells me in interview this is now the Democrats' fault, and that he anticipates that when Obama ""explodes"" they will be ready to deal  Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) March 24, 2017The man who wrote  The Art of the Deal  failed while he had a Republican majority in both the House and Senate. Sad! Leadership is perhaps the key to getting any job done.    The Art of The Deal  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 21, 2013Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
2017, Paul Ryan Admits Obamacare Will Be Law ‘For The Foreseeable Future’ After GOP Bill FAILS (VIDEO),"Well, folks, your health care is safe for the  foreseeable future  according to Speaker Paul Ryan. After the GOP abruptly pulled their healthcare bill from consideration Friday, spirits among the worst among us were pretty dim. We just pulled it,  Donald Trump told the Washington Post after the decision to nix the embarrassing disaster of a bill, noting that he doesn t  blame  Ryan for this huge loss. Moving from an opposition party to a governing party comes with growing pains. We re feeling those growing pains today,  Ryan told reporters, noting that  this is a disappointing day  for those whose biggest dream is stripping healthcare from millions and that  doing big things is hard. All of us, all of us   myself included   will need to time to reflect on how we got to this moment,  he added.How we got to this moment is that the Affordable Care Act is immensely popular. While it could use some improvements   like a move toward universal healthcare   the GOP s effort to  repeal and replace  is not as popular with voters as it may have seemed on the campaign trail.But they won t actually reflect on that, will blame Obama, and will present Americans with something equally horrible somewhere down the line.Ryan was forced to utter one of the most beautiful 22 words we have heard since Donald Trump was kinda-sorta elected by less than half of the population: ObamaCare will remain the law of the land until it s replaced. We re going to be living with ObamaCare for the foreseeable future. The president gave his all in this effort. He did everything he possibly could to help people see the opportunity we have with this bill. He really has been fantastic,  Ryan said. Still, we have to do better and we will. This battle is won. The Affordable Care Act is safe for now. But the war is far from over, and all of us must fight each day to oppose the GOP s hateful agenda.The only thing standing between them and the destruction of all we hold dear is us.Watch Ryan s shamed admission below:""Obamacare is the law of the land and it will remain the law of the land until it's replaced,"" Speaker Ryan says: https://t.co/Okz2bwUl4f pic.twitter.com/9F3MnW7oMR  CBS News (@CBSNews) March 24, 2017Featured image via screengrab",0
2018, GOP In CHAOS As Obamacare Vote Goes Down In Flames (DETAILS),"The entire Republican Party spent the 2016 campaign season running on a promise to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, otherwise known as Obamacare. However, now that they have the House, the Senate, and the White House, they re like a dog who caught a car it s been chasing for years, and they can t agree on what to do.This entire week has been spent with party members bickering amongst themselves, and many members of the GOP House Conference in open revolt against Paul Ryan s repeal and replace bill. In fact, the bill was so terrible and would cost so many people their health coverage, that even Donald Trump wouldn t put his name on it. The White House has openly said not to dub the plan  Trumpcare. Well, it seems that for now, there will be no Obamacare repeal. In fact, there won t even be a vote. House Speaker Paul Ryan has pulled the bill because it seems it became clear Friday afternoon that they would not have the votes to get this mess of a healthcare reform bill past the House, much less past the Senate. Of course, this comes just one day after Trump gave House Republicans an ultimatum: Either hold a vote or there will be no Obamacare repeal on his watch, period.That really should come as no surprise, given Trump s low level of patience, short attention span, and penchant for throwing tantrums. He also reportedly said to those voting  No,  on the bill,  I m gonna come after you.  So, who really knows what will come of the relationship between the White House and Congress after this; after all, it was already just a lukewarm marriage of convenience.Well, we ve given the GOP a chance to govern. They have all three branches of the federal government. And they have instead descended into utter chaos in 60 days flat, have been fielding scandal after scandal, and have gotten nothing done. Time to give it back to the Democrats, because it s clear that the Republicans can t handle it.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
2019, Ivanka Trump Gets BURIED By People Calling Her Out For Letting Her Dad Kill Women’s Healthcare,"Ivanka Trump is catching hell right now for being a hypocrite when it comes to women s healthcare.In 2016, Ivanka Trump campaign for her dad by claiming that his administration would support a variety of women s issues including maternity leave.However, Donald Trump s desperate effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act would wipe out maternity care, mammograms, contraception, and would make the cost of healthcare for women skyrocket because insurance companies would be allowed to once again classify being a woman as a pre-existing condition.In short, for all of Ivanka s claims that her dad will be a champion for women, he is proving her to be a total liar. And what s worse is that she is doing nothing to stand up for women.And that s why Planned Parenthood CEO Cecile Richards called out Ivanka on Friday and warned her not to betray women. It s time for Ivanka to   stand for women,  Richards said before calling Ivanak s silence on the bill  deafening. Currently, Ivanka is on a swanky ski trip in Aspen while Republicans prepare to gut healthcare for millions of women across the country. This is going to be a catastrophe for women in this country,  Richards continued.  Any woman who votes for this bill is betraying every woman in America. Women will lose not just their healthcare, but lose their lives over this bill. Here s the video via YouTube.Ivanka s refusal to help women by standing up to her dad has also created a firestorm on her Twitter feed as even more people called her out on social media for being a hypocrite in response to her praise of a paid leave speech delivered by actress Anne Hathaway.@IvankaTrump Now that you ve got an office in the West Wing, how about you stand up for women in the current healthcare discussion?  Ocean Pleasant (@OceanPleasant) March 24, 2017@IvankaTrump Really? Posting this today just as your father is fighting to take away maternity support and coverage from millions of women?  Kyrielle (@TheZenPuppy) March 23, 2017@IvankaTrump if you really cared about women you would speak out against the healthcare bill that takes away maternity care. #complicit  Melissa Joy (@mjkpnp) March 23, 2017@IvankaTrump So glad u r having fun in Aspen as essential health benefits for women are on the line. The cost of 100 Secret Serv. for ur..  Justice Johnson (@ACJJustice) March 24, 2017@IvankaTrump ..1 wk. of fun could pay for 1 yr. healthcare for thousands of ppl in need. Your entire family is the epitome of corruption.  Justice Johnson (@ACJJustice) March 24, 2017@IvankaTrump pic.twitter.com/2Gp8TORTEd  Justice Johnson (@ACJJustice) March 24, 2017@IvankaTrump This is sarcasm for sure! You do not speak for women, most find you to be an enabler of a sexual predator. You re complicit.  Lyndal (@LyndaHalbert) March 23, 2017@IvankaTrump this is confusing to say the least. You can t honor women & simultaneously be complicit in yanking their essential healthcare  Jessica Lyons (@jessglyons) March 24, 2017@IvankaTrump that s just hysterical. Isn t your dad trying to take away maternity?  Linda (@linda_schildman) March 23, 2017@IvankaTrump how can I worry about paid leave when I may not have health insurance?  Christine Fugate (@ChristineFugate) March 24, 2017@IvankaTrump Dont be a hypocrite, Ivanka. Don t pretend to support women while your Father tries to take away maternity care w/ Trumpcare.  Wendy Rosen (@RSVP2Wendy) March 23, 2017.@IvankaTrump COMPLICIT as you sit back & let men take away women s healthcare pic.twitter.com/p0L9qVqLm0  Tracey Kent (@TraceyKent) March 24, 2017Ivanka Trump doesn t give a shit about any woman except herself. She s an enabler and she is complicit in what her dad is doing. Donald Trump s healthcare bill is a death sentence to women and we all need to remember that when the next election in 2018 rolls around.Featured image via Joe Scarnici/Getty Images",0
2020, WATCH: Hell Freezes As Fox News Host Calls Republican Party A ‘Disgrace’ For Being Incapable Of Governing,"Things just went from bad to worse for the Republican Party.Being in charge just isn t what Republicans imagined it would be like.After all, they have majority control of the House and Senate and have the perfect puppet in the White House to rubber stamp their destructive agenda.But millions of angry Americans across the country, including Democrats, Republicans, and independents, have made Republicans in Congress incredibly nervous about the GOP healthcare bill. Nervous enough to actually oppose it.The Trumpcare bill would strip healthcare away from 20 million Americans and cause premiums to skyrocket, both of which Donald Trump promised would not happen. In short, he lied, and many Republicans don t want to commit political suicide with him.The Republican failure to pass their terrible bill is good for the American people, but it s politically harmful to the GOP because their failure to pass their own bill despite having majority control makes them look incompetent of governing.Keep in mind that Republicans have insisted for years that they are more capable of governing the United States than Democrats. But when Americans actually put them in charge of the entire government it turns out Republicans were all talk and no walk.Rather than govern, Republicans have let Trump systematically destroy this country and now they have failed miserably in their first effort to pass a major policy on their agenda.And even Fox News is disgusted by how Republicans have performed.During his show on Fox Business on Friday, stalwart Republican cheerleader Stuart Varney literally called the entire Republican Party a  disgrace  and conceded that  they can t govern,  much to the surprise of Juan Williams. I personally believe at this moment in time, the Republican Party is a disgrace,  Varney declared.  I m serious. I am serious. We elected the Republicans to run the House, the Senate and the White House and the very, very first thing that comes up on the legislative agenda they vote no, they re split. They can t do it. They can t govern. I am really fit to be tied. Varney invited Williams to take shots at him and the GOP but he declined to do so, opting instead to point out that the Republicans who oppose this bill are doing so because it s a bad bill.Here s the video via YouTube:Indeed, the bill is not better than the Affordable Care Act. In fact, it kills all of the good things the Affordable Care Act provides and takes America back to a time when the uninsured rate was shockingly high and people had to choose between paying for healthcare or paying their bills to avoid homelessness and starvation.But Republicans only have themselves to blame what the position they are in right now. Rather than supporting a law that includes many Republican ideas such as an individual mandate, they chose to viciously oppose the law instead and demonize it for political gain. Furthermore, they had seven years to come up with a better healthcare plan and couldn t even do that. More Americans now understand that the Affordable Care Act was not the evil Republicans portrayed it to be and they now want to save it. Americans are learning about all the good things Republicans would be destroying by repealing it.And now even Fox News is having a hard time defending Republicans on this issue. And losing the support of their propaganda machine should signal to Republicans that they have royally f*cked up.Featured image via screenshot",0
2021, Democrats Offer Bill That Would FORCE Trump To Keep One Of His Promises,"The vast majority of Donald Trump s campaign promises were both unworkable and, well, hateful. His promise to  lock (Hillary Clinton) up,  was as empty as it was unifying for those on the rabid right. It was the same with his promise to build a wall along the Mexican border and his promise to  repeal and replace  Obamacare on day one. Occasionally, though, like a broken clock, Trump occasionally got it right, and now Democrats want him to make good on one such promise.Despite the fact that nearly everything Trump adorns with his name is made elsewhere, one of the cornerstones of his presidential campaigns was to force manufacturers to employ Americans.Republicans are doing everything in their power to ensure that Trump doesn t get to keep this campaign promise. There s a bill in the Senate that would help deliver clean water to Americans and help Flint, Michigan with emergency funding. Originally, there was a  buy American and hire American  provision in the bill. That should be non-controversial, right? Well, Republicans, who seem to stand against absolutely everything that s good and right, stripped that part out of the bill back in December. Now Dems want them to bring it back.Sen. Tammy Baldwin (D-Wis) reintroduced the provision to the bill:Dem senator to reintroduce #BuyAmerica legislation @thehill https://t.co/uRuOOH9Bbg  Sen. Tammy Baldwin (@SenatorBaldwin) March 24, 2017 Now is the time for President Trump to decide if he will keep his promises by supporting this legislation, or will he go along to get along with Congressional Republicans who have embraced the status quo and blocked this legislation that puts in place a strong Buy America standard,  said Baldwin, who planned to announce the bill at a Wisconsin foundry that makes manhole covers for cities throughout the United States.  The choice for the Republican establishment in Washington is clear: Do you stand with American manufacturers and workers or do you support spending taxpayer dollars on Chinese and Russian steel for American water infrastructure projects? Source: IB TimesDem senator to reintroduce #BuyAmerica legislation @thehill https://t.co/uRuOOH9Bbg  Sen. Tammy Baldwin (@SenatorBaldwin) March 24, 2017Baldwin s bill deals with the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund, which in the last two decades has delivered nearly $28 billion in financing for more than 12,000 drinking-water projects across the country. Her legislation would mandate that moving forward, the program targets its funding to projects that use only American-made iron and steel.It s unlikely the bill will pass with this provision, but it does put Trump s feet to the fire. If he signs the Republican version (which he almost certainly will), it will be just more evidence that the emperor has no clothes.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images.",0
2022, WATCH: Rachel Maddow Laughs At Republican Effort To Pass Universally Hated Trumpcare Bill,"House Republicans failed to pass their disastrous healthcare bill on Thursday and Rachel Maddow hilariously mocked them for it.Due to the deep unpopularity of the legislation, Republican leadership decided to cancel the vote on the bill at the last minute rather than see it get humiliatingly defeated.Many Republicans are leaning against the bill because it fails to lower premiums and would strip healthcare away from over 20 million Americans, many of whom are conservatives who rely on the Affordable Care Act, which actually does keep premiums lower and covers more people.Under the Trumpcare bill, senior citizens would have to pay nearly ten times as much money on healthcare than what they currently pay under the Affordable Care Act. And since senior citizens are a major voting block for the GOP for some reason, Republicans are backing away from the bill.Of course, Republicans have been rehearsing the repeal of the Affordable Care Act for years, holding over 60 separate votes in the House over the years just to make their conservative base happy. But now that more people understand what the Affordable Care Act actually has done, they are fiercely opposing any repeal effort.Rachel Maddow noted the angry crowds of constituents at Republican town halls and pointed out with a laugh that the GOP bill is more unpopular than despised New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction. In the universe, including our weird politics. A day after the election, nobody would have told you that Republicans would have any trouble repealing Obamacare. That s what they could do on their own, they d push on an open door. The Affordable Care Act, they d been rehearsing repealing it for years. It would definitely be their first casualty, no problem. Then they d get on to the hard stuff. But people all over the country in every congressional district in the country changed the course of that otherwise inevitable history.The Republican plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act has a 17 percent approval rating. That s worse than Chris Christie. There is not a single Congressional district in this country where the number of people who like the Republican idea out-number the people who strongly hate the Republican idea. Not in a single Congressional district. That happens for a reason. That political climate doesn t exist in nature, it is created by people engaged in political action. Maddow concluded the 2-minute segment by reminding everyone that Republicans failed to pass their bill despite having majority control of the House and said it s all thanks to people who have added their voices to the chorus of those opposed to killing a law that actually helps people. For the people who have been trying to save the Affordable Care Act all over the country, even what just happened tonight is huge,  Maddow said.  Everybody thought Republicans would be able to move at will on this but people said nope. Here s the video via YouTube:Donald Trump s healthcare plan would literally kill people in this country and that s not right. It s inhumane. It forces people to choose between getting medical care or not going bankrupt and that s morally wrong. Healthcare is a human right and it s a need that no one should be priced out of having.If Republicans somehow ram this legislation down our throats they should be brutally punished for it. Because any lawmaker who supports something that kills people is not someone who should be in public office.Featured image via screenshot",0
2023, Adam Schiff SAVAGES Republicans For Canceling Hearing On Russia Collusion To Please Trump,"If you were unaware, there was a much-anticipated hearing on the collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian intelligence operatives during the election scheduled on Tuesday   key word  was. Because The Donald totally has nothing to hide at all, the GOP nixed those plans. The public hearing was to feature former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates, who was fired by Trump for doing her job, and former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper   both of whom are figures Republicans do not want to allow near a microphone.Democratic Rep. Adam Schiff announced on Friday that Trump transition team member and chairman of the United States House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence Rep. Devin Nunes canceled the hearing.BREAKING: Chairman just cancelled open Intelligence Committee hearing with Clapper, Brennan and Yates in attempt to choke off public info.  Adam Schiff (@RepAdamSchiff) March 24, 2017Schiff also criticized Nunes for running a  dead of night excursion  for documents related to surveillance of Trump associates while leaving the rest of the committee  in the dark. We strongly object to the cancellation of this hearing,  Schiff says.  We would still urge the majority to reconsider. The witnesses have made it clear to us they are still available and we would urge that that hearing be allowed to go forward. Recently, Nunes gave us a clear indicator that he is compromised when he ran directly to The Donald with alleged information showing that information regarding Trump and his team was perfectly legally incidentally collected while intelligence agencies were monitoring some pretty nasty people overseas. He did not share this information with his fellow Congressmen and women.There is no question now. There is no defense. Republicans   not just Trump and his immediate team   are not working for the American people. At this point, we have no choice but to accept them for what they are: the enemy of the American people.Featured image via Getty Images (Chip Somodevilla)",0
2024, SPINELESS: Paul Ryan Actually RAN AWAY From Reporters After Trumpcare FAIL (VIDEO),"Everyone knows Speaker of the House Paul Ryan has absolutely no backbone, but what he did yesterday was an entirely new low for the Republican Party.Yesterday was a disaster for the GOP to begin with. Donald Trump pathetically failed to gain enough votes for the disastrous American Health Care Act, and the GOP suffered a major humiliation as the glorious plan they ve been promising to implement and do away with Obamacare with for the past seven years deteriorates before their eyes. After such a horrible, embarrassing day, it was clear that Ryan didn t have it in him to face the press and answer the many critical questions that Americans have about Trumpcare.Ryan emerged from the failed discussions over Trumpcare, visibly frustrated and not in the mood to make nice with reporters. He gave a short statement in which he was clearly angry and uncomfortable: For seven and a half years, we have been promising the American people that we will repeal and replace this broken law because it s collapsing and it s failing families, and tomorrow we re proceeding. He ended his address abruptly, literally running off and away from reporters demanding answers. You can watch this disgusting behavior below, courtesy of the Rachel Maddow Show: This is clearly a sign that the GOP knows how badly they ve just failed, and they re aware of how pathetic the party looks right now. This could not be a more painful time for the GOP   their disastrous reality television star of a candidate won the election and even though he s only been in the White House a little more than two months, he s f*cked things up more than anyone thought he would. With Trump s help, the Republican Party has done irreversible damage to its reputation   and they only have themselves to thank. Ryan s cowardly behavior only solidifies the fact that the GOP is crumbling before our very eyes.Featured image via screenshot",0
2025, WATCH: Trump’s Head Will Explode With Rage When He Hears What Lawrence O’Donnell Said About Him,"MSNBC host Lawrence O Donnell did not hold back on Thursday night.Earlier in the day, House Republican leadership saw the writing on the wall and canceled the vote on their healthcare bill.So far, 27 Republicans are leaning against the legislation it does nothing that Donald Trump promised it would do like lower premiums and cover everyone.Indeed, the bill would make premiums skyrocket uncontrollably and would strip healthcare from over 20 million Americans. Senior citizens would suffer the brunt of the financial pain as they would would be charged ten times as much for health insurance under the bill than they are under the Affordable Care Act, which really has made health insurance more accessible and affordable.But after the vote in the House was canceled, Trump lashed out at House Republicans and demanded that a vote be taken on the bill on Friday because he refuses to negotiate any longer on it.So during his show on Thursday night, Lawrence O Donnell took Trump to the woodshed for quitting and noted that President Obama never quit trying to get the Affordable Care Act passed. If you are a House Republican and this is a tough vote for you, the president is saying to you on the front page of the New York Times tomorrow,  I quit, and I quit in the Senate. I do not have the patience or the ability to stay focused on this and get it through the Senate,  which is much harder than getting it through the House. O Donnell is absolutely right. Senate Republicans are even more concerned about the Trumpcare legislation. If passed, the damage will even touch their own voter base, which could result in the Senate flipping back to the control of the Democrats. The Senate is much more vulnerable to being lost than the House is since Republicans have guaranteed control of the House through gerrymandering.But O Donnell had even stronger words for Trump just a few seconds later. This is the laziest, most ignorant president in history,  O Donnell declared.  President Obama never once said something like this in the crusade to get that thing passed because he knew how to stay with it and get it passed. Here s the video via YouTube:Trump is throwing a fit because he expects Congress to ass whatever he wants them to pass and it just doesn t work that way. The Congressional Budget Office analysis of the bill was disastrous for the GOP. And the bill is hated more by Americans than the Affordable Care Act ever was. And thousands of their constituents have showed up at Republican town halls across the country to express their anger over their effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act.In the end, letting this bill die is probably the best move Republicans can make unless, of course, they propose replacing the Affordable Care Act with universal healthcare. But we all know that will never happen even though it would cover everyone and bring the cost of healthcare down dramatically.One thing is certain, though. When Donald Trump hears what O Donnell just said about him his head is going to explode.Featured image via screenshot",0
2026," Woman CORNERS GOP Senator Trapped On Flight, DEMANDS Explanation To Trumpcare (DETAILS)","A Republican Senator found himself in a tough position when he was trapped on a flight with an American citizen who wanted answers about the disgusting repeal and replacement of Obamacare.Oklahoma resident Kendall Brown noticed that she was on the same flight as Sen. James Lankford (R-OK) on Thursday evening, and decided to take him up on his claim that he would  listen to all voices  if anyone had questions about the GOP s new health care bill. Brown had previously sent letters, emails, and tweets to Lankford, but so far she had been unable to get a response to her questions. However, now that she realized Lankford was trapped on the same airplane with her, she decided this was a great opportunity to get some answers.Once Brown noticed Lankford, she posted a photo of him to her Facebook page, and soon people were begging her to ask him questions. Brown first tried to get Lankford s attention on Twitter, asking him to chat with her about Trump s disastrous plan to repeal and replace Obamacare:  However, Brown still didn t get a response. Twitter users even began to suggest that Brown try to approach him in person. Brown opted to write him a note, and by the time she was finished she must have gotten Lankford s attention because he actually approached her!Lankford asked Brown  specifically  what her question was and she said: I want to share my story with you and I want to have my voice heard on why the ACA is important to me. The conversation ended with an agreement to speak sometime in the near future about the GOP s bill at length.UPDATE: I spoke with @SenatorLankford and gave him this. I m very hopeful we ll be able to get coffee this week & look forward to chatting! pic.twitter.com/AtbRwkJm6P  Kendally Brown ? (@kendallybrown) March 24, 2017While Brown doesn t think Lankford will meet her in person, she hopes they might chat on the phone. She is passionate about addressing her concerns with Lankford, because earlier that day Lankford said in an interview that he would  listen to all voices    something that Brown doesn t think he truly means, considering he hasn t held a town hall on the topic yet. She said: He pretty specifically isn t listening to all voices right now and that s why I approached him. I know there are a lot of people out there that have just as compelling stories about why they need the ACA. So, I had an obligation to approach him, not just for me but for everyone. As Brown s story has gotten more attention, her social media accounts are now full of stories from Americans stating how Obamacare helped them. Brown says she is going to print these stories out and give them to Lankford so he can see how disastrous the repeal and replacement of Obamacare might be.Featured image via Kendally Brown Facebook",0
2027, Chris Hayes Epically Trolls Trump’s Monumentally Stupid Post About Trumpcare (TWEETS),"MSNBC s Chris Hayes couldn t resist trolling Trump a bit after Friday morning s insane tweet about the GOP healthcare plan. After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums & deductibles, bad healthcare), this is finally your chance for a great plan!  Trump tweeted.After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums & deductibles, bad healthcare), this is finally your chance for a great plan!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 24, 2017Now, everyone has figured out by now that The Donald has no idea how healthcare works at all (and, of course, that Obamacare is a boon to working Americans. But Hayes just had to do it. He asked Trump a question to which Dear Leader could not possibly know the answer. Can you tell us a little more about how community rating requirement will interact with ditching EHB requirements?  Hayes replied to Trump s tweet. Chris,  New York Times columnist Ross Douhat chided him. Can t blame a guy for trying!  Hayes replied.Naturally, other Americans showed up to mention the numerous problems with Trump s crusade against the Affordable Care Act:@realDonaldTrump what it will do is cause millions to lose their coverage  Ken Klippenstein (@kenklippenstein) March 24, 2017.@realDonaldTrump You're like if cancer were a person.  OhNoSheTwitnt (@OhNoSheTwitnt) March 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump this plan will cut taxes for the 400 richest people in America and leave the rest of us to die w/out care. It will kill us  Stefanie Iris Weiss (@EcoSexuality) March 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump *donald trump when he sees other people talking about how health care actually works* pic.twitter.com/N3yrVP2h8L  Steve Benko (@SteveBenko) March 24, 2017.@realDonaldTrump my premiums didn't skyrocket. I've had slowest & lowest increase in decades. #TrumpCare would give me NO coverage.  KMG365 (@starbucksgirl51) March 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/3egPdz2Ekk  Pat Fuller   ?? ? (@bannerite) March 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump I have ACA. I love ACA. Stop trying to take away my ACA so you can help your rich friends.  LaurenBaratzLogsted (@LaurenBaratzL) March 24, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Day 79: Can you just say that you hate poor people instead of trying to make life miserable for them? #AskTheDrumpf  Sum Mehrnama (@VoiceOfSum) March 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump ""Are you rich, white, male, and entitled? Have we got a plan for you!"" #trumpcare  Lori (@njgirlinmd) March 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump This plan is shit. How about single payer, and get rid of profits on healthcare? Then we can all be healthy together!  Matt (@nocheez17) March 24, 2017The GOP healthcare plan is a disaster, but Trump believes in it so much that he threatened to leave Obamacare in place if Republicans failed to pass their monstrosity.That actually sounds like the best plan of all.Featured image via Getty Images (Alex Wong)/ screengrab",0
2028," FBI: After Blocking Trump’s Muslim Ban, Hawaii Judge Inundated With Threats","After a federal court struck down the new version of the Muslim ban (which was basically just like the first one) Donald Trump called it  judicial overreach  at a rally in Nashville, Tennessee, and said that it makes our country look  weak.  And now, the federal judge in Hawaii who ruled against Trump s newest version of a Muslim ban is inundated with threatening messages since the ruling, according to the FBI. Hours before the ban was to go into effect, US District Judge Derrick Watson s ruling resulted in a temporary restraining order nationwide. This was the second time a court ruled against Trump s executive order which resulted in chaos worldwide. Travellers were in mid-flight after the alleged president signed the first one. Protests at airports ensued after people were detained without notice.The FBI did not provide details as to the location the threats are coming from, however, the agency did say they are coming from within the mainland.The U.S. Marshals Service has had to fly in about a dozen deputies from the mainland to provide 24-hour protection for Watson, according to HawaiiNewsNow. The FBI said it will assist the the U.S. Marshals Service if necessary to protect the judge. The illogic of the government s contentions is palpable. The notion that one can demonstrate animus toward any group of people only by targeting all of them at once is fundamentally flawed,  Watson wrote in the ruling. Trump s own words were used against him in the ruling.Hawaii News Now   KGMB and KHNLThreats against a federal judge or his or her family is a federal crime and is considered obstruction of justice. Trump went on a tweetstorm against the first federal judge who ruled against his travel ban.Even Neil Gorsuch, Trump s Supreme Court nominee who is hoping to take Merrick Garland s stolen seat, called the alleged president s tweets attacking federal judges  disheartening  and  demoralizing.  Still yet, White House press secretary Sean Spicer denied that Gorsuch was referring to Trump.More than one judge has been the target of threats after Trump publicly criticized them. That includes a Seattle judge known for his conservative legal views, who was appointed by George W. Bush.It s clear that Trump is inciting these threats, knowing full well that his die-hard supporters will do his bidding. LOCK HIM UP!Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images.",0
2029, Trump Just Issued A New But Utterly USELESS Threat On Endangered Trumpcare Bill,"The  American Health Care Plan,  a.k.a. AHCA or  Trumpcare,  didn t get the vote Thursday that it was supposed to because there are too many Republicans in Congress that won t vote for it. Trump has been trying to bully them into doing so, including threatening the jobs of Republicans who vote against it. Now, though, he s made what he no doubt thinks is his most terrifying threat yet, except it s really not.He s threatened to leave Obamacare in place if Trumpcare fails in Congress.If you re sitting there scratching your head, you aren t alone. The ACA, also known as the dreaded Obamacare, would remain in place and intact regardless of what Trump does. The question is who would be responsible for that, politically, and the answer is and has always been Republicans. Trump seems to think he can hold that over their heads to force a vote.Mick Mulvaney, the White House s budget director, has even told House Republicans that Trump is done with negotiations and just wants a vote now. He said that if they vote the bill down, then Trump will just proceed to work on other parts of his agenda. Which, really, is the obvious option.One has to ask: Does Trump really think that he s going to cow intransigent Republicans this way? Should Trumpcare fail, the ACA would remain the law of the land regardless of what Trump does because he can t repeal it all on his own.There are House Republicans that aren t part of the intransigent Freedom Caucus who have said they can t back the modified bill, which is considerably worse than the original bill. There s also the fact that Senate Republicans have already said they don t have the votes to pass Trumpcare.To appease one side, such as the Freedom Caucus, Republicans have to alienate another side, like moderates. They re stuck between a rock and a hard place on this   and it s a situation that Trump s bullying can t really make worse.There s a small chance that the bill will pass the House tomorrow, but with the Freedom Caucus and moderates being unhappy with the bill, it will probably fail. If it fails, Obamacare will remain the law of the land. Republicans already know they ll bear the burden of that. Trump s threat is ridiculous.Featured image by Win McNamee via Getty Images",0
2030, WATCH: Jake Tapper Mocks Republicans HARD On CNN For Humiliating Failure To Pass Trumpcare,"House Republicans had seven years to come up with a plan superior to the Affordable Care Act and their plan is so bad that not even the GOP majority could pass it.After uselessly voting to repeal the Affordable Care Act over sixty times during those years in order to please their conservative base, Republicans appear to be chickening out from actually doing it.Because once the dubiously named American Healthcare Act passes, it would strip health care from over 20 million Americans, many of whom are Republican voters for some reason.The bill would also cause the price of healthcare to skyrocket, especially for senior citizens who would have to pay ten times as much as they do right now under the Affordable Care Act.Anyway, the vote on the Republican bill was scheduled for Thursday, but once Republican leadership realized that they could muster enough members of their own party to get the necessary number of votes, they canceled the vote.Seriously. Republicans control the House and they couldn t even bring up their own bill for an up or down vote. Simply put, it was a humiliating failure of epic proportions.Once Donald Trump found the egg on his face, he immediately demanded that House Republicans vote on Friday. And so we now wait for the moment when Trump suffers a major policy defeat because Republicans discovered that repealing the Affordable Care Act isn t such a great idea after all.Adding to the humiliation on Thursday was CNN anchor Jake Tapper, who pointed out how long Republicans have been having their collective wet-dream about repealing the signature achievement of America s first black president, and then mocked them for failing to do so. It turns out it s a lot easier for Republican leaders to say  repeal and replace  than to do it,  Tapper said. Seven years ago today, the Affordable Care Act or Obamacare was signed into law by President Obama and since that time Republicans have been planning, hoping, dreaming for this day, the moment where they could finally repeal Obamacare and replace it with their own solution to the nation s health care mess. They have had seven years to prepare for this day.Now weeks after optimistic talk from House leaders, declarations from White House secretary Sean Spicer that  the bill will pass the House tonight and there is no Plan B,  well, the bill was in such peril Republican leaders pulled it and postponed the vote. And what critics are calling an  embarrassing and ignominious move,  so humiliating, it signifies the only thing worse would have been to actually bring it to a vote where Republican leaders were apparently confident it would die. Here s the video via YouTube:If this bill fails to pass it will be a humiliating defeat for Trump and Republicans, but it will be a glorious victory for the American people and the millions who rely on the Affordable Care Act to help get and keep accessible and affordable health insurance.So as Friday approaches, Americans need to urge their Republican representatives to vote against the bill. Because if Trump is able to bully the holdouts into voting for it, he can bully them into voting for anything and then America is truly screwed.Featured image via Cagle",0
2031, Meet The Girl Republicans Are Trying Like Hell To Kill (VIDEO),"Republicans are hell bent on repealing Obamacare. They don t care how many people it kills. After eight years of demanding the Affordable Care Act be repealed and replaced, the best they could come up with when they finally won the majority, was a plan that will kick 24 million people off of their health insurance. The proposed bill was especially cruel to the elderly, the sick, and the disabled. Thankfully, the American Health Care Act didn t make it past Thursday s House vote, but only because a significant number of Republicans didn t think it was cruel enough.This is Ashley, and she is one of the many people the Republicans are trying to put into an early grave.A few years ago, when she was only 22 years old, Ashley was diagnosed with Lupus, an autoimmune disease in which the body s own immune system turns on itself and attacks various organs throughout the body. Ashley s case proved to be severe. Among other things, the Lupus has attacked her brain, which causes seizures.Her entire digestive system is paralyzed, a condition called gastroparesis. She is unable to eat or take any medications by mouth because it just sits in her stomach until it is eventually vomited back up several days later. She has had multiple feeding tubes surgically implanted, which allowed liquid nutritional supplements to be delivered directly into her intestines. But in Ashley, the gastroparesis has paralyzed her intestines too.Because of this, Ashley has relied on total parenteral nutrition (TPN) for more than two years   in other words, she is fed through an IV. She has had multiple ports installed in her chest over the years, along with a countless number of PICC lines. Anytime you see her, she will have her trusty backpack carrying her TPN pump which feeds her through a tube in her chest from the IV bag she lugs around.Just to make things fun, Ashley s body has decided to develop a blood clotting disorder that doctors have not yet been able to diagnose or identify. She has repeatedly had potentially fatal DVT s over the past few months, including a particularly dangerous one in her neck that developed even after she was placed on high doses of blood thinners.Now that you have a little background, and rest assured that this is only a small snapshot of her overall medical picture, I will get back to my point because this isn t a sob story. Ashley is a fighter and the only thing she needs less than pity is the GOP s  make America sick again  plan.Ashley is alive because West Virginia chose to take part in the Medicaid expansion. Republicans want to gut Medicaid, and West Virginia s budget is already pushed to the max. If there have to be cuts, expensive patients like Ashley will be the first to go and spending caps in the AHCA would do just this. Getting her treatments approved are already a nightmare. If the GOP gets their way, this girl will die. She won t live long enough fight it or look for other options. Without Medicaid, Ashley will die. Period.I would like to think that putting a face on this would compel a little compassion from the right, but Republicans don t give a f*ck about Ashley or any of the other sick Americans they are trying so hard to kill. After all, their only complaint about the GOP plan is that it isn t going to kill enough people.You can watch Ashley talk more about her illness here, via the Invisible Disability Project: Featured image via Facebook",0
2032, Desperate GOP LITERALLY Spreads Trump’s Wiretap Lies To Fleece Their Supporters,"It was bound to happen   as soon as House Intel Chairman Devin Nunes said that he had evidence people in Trump s transition team were recorded during foreign surveillance activities, Trump and his loyal subjects within the Republican Party pounced. Never mind what else Nunes said that the information collected was incidental and probably legal the GOP saw their opportunity to clear their president s name and paint Obama as the evil, criminal, dictatorial president they always  knew  he was.The National Republican Congressional Committee sent out emails this morning with the subject line,  Confirmed: Obama spied on Trump.  They quoted Politico:  Trump transition members were under surveillance during Obama administration.  And they quoted Nunes:  Members of the Donald Trump transition team, possibly including Trump himself, were under surveillance during the Obama administration following November s election. Here s the full letter:Whoa. as flagged by the DCCC, Republicans are now fundraising on the false claim that Obama spied on Trump pic.twitter.com/AKzw3jAAQJ  Sam Stein (@samsteinhp) March 23, 2017Is there context? Of course not. That s nonexistent in their letter, but here s some: The quote from the Politico story is the caption on top of the video they posted of Nunes  press conference. And here s some more relevant context from that story: Nunes set off the firestorm with a news conference earlier in the day in which he described the surveillance of Trump aides through what s called  incidental collection,  something he noted was routine and legal. Such collection can occur when a person inside the United State communicates with a foreign target of U.S. surveillance. In such cases, the identities of U.S. citizens are supposed to be shielded   but can be  unmasked  by intelligence officials under certain circumstances. Furthermore, Nunes himself said: This is a normal, incidental collection, based on what I could collect. It alarms him anyway, for some reason.However, more significant than that is the fact that Nunes also said yesterday that he still has no evidence Trump, his team, or his campaign were wiretapped or otherwise the target of surveillance by the Obama administration. None. Zero, zip, zilch, nada.  I have said this for many, many weeks,  he told White House reporters.What we have now is a party that s actively and knowingly spreading Trump s lies to gain an edge they know they re losing. Should investigations conclude that not only did a sitting president level a demonstrably false accusation against his predecessor, but also that he colluded with Russia during the election cycle, the GOP is sunk.Featured image by Mark Wilson via Getty Images",0
2033, Photo Of GOP Meeting To Kill Maternity Care Goes Viral After People Notice Totally Offensive Detail,"In a stunning example of just how out-of-touch and heartless the Republican Party is towards women s healthcare, Vice President Mike Pence convened a meeting to discuss the topic of stripping maternity care requirements from health insurance   and forgot to invite even a single woman.Needless to say, an image of the meeting is now blowing up on social media as Americans sit in stunned amazement that this is how Congress and the White House think of the women who make up half the country.Democratic politicians were equally outraged. Massachusetts Representative Jim McGovern tweeted his anger over the sheer audacity of this meeting. The picture clearly struck a nerve because the tweet quickly racked up thousands of retweets.This is outrageous: Not a single woman in the room as @Mike_Pence and @HouseGOP propose removing maternity coverage in #Trumpcare. pic.twitter.com/wwY6WsN206  Jim McGovern (@RepMcGovern) March 23, 2017(Pictured above: Some dicks, a lot of assholes, but not a single uterus.)And the group was taking women s health so seriously that it appears one member actually fell asleep during the meeting:@RepMcGovern @DaithiFall @mike_pence @HouseGOP and one dude who s clearly dozed off pic.twitter.com/7RV9qj2whN  Kevin Byrne (@KevByrneBox) March 23, 2017Trump and Paul Ryan have been frantically offering  deals  to the fringe right-wing of the GOP in the hopes that they will agree to pass the Obamacare-replacement known as the  American Health Care Act.  The bill has been nothing short of a disaster for Republicans. For starters, it keeps many of the items that infuriate conservatives intact, while at the same time doing everything that Obamacare did, but less well. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimated that over 24 million people would likely lose their health insurance thanks to this bill. For many people, it would also cause their premiums to skyrocket.Rather than fix the bill   or better yet, keep the ACA   Trump and Ryan are making huge concessions to the ultra-right. One such concession is to remove the  health care  part of the health care bill. Republicans are considering dropping the so-called  essential health benefits  of the ACA, allowing insurers to pick and chose what they want to cover. Naturally, things like maternity care and emergency services would be the first to go. Which brings us back to the  House Freedom Caucus  and its all-male members.In a dimly lit room, the group of conservative white men sat around a table and weighed the relative merits of providing maternity care to women. To give one an idea of how dismissive these elderly GOPers were towards giving health care to women, here s how Trump s Press Secretary Sean Spicer framed it:Sean Spicer on healthcare: ""I think if you're an older man you can generally say that you're not going to need maternity care.""  Liam Stack (@liamstack) March 23, 2017The mothers, daughters, sisters, wives   and in some cases, mistresses   might see things a bit differently.Featured image via Twitter",0
2034, Trump Supporter Full Of Regret Because Her Undocumented Immigrant Husband Is About To Be Deported,"A woman in Indiana is feeling the pain of Donald Trump s immigration policies personally. Apparently, she believed her family would be exempt because she voted for him.In 1998, Roberto Beristain crossed the southern border of the United States without documents to seek a better life. He found one.He opened a restaurant called Eddie s Steak Shed, fell in love with a woman named Helen, married her, and had four children.Immigration and Customs ignored Roberto and decided not to follow an order to deport him for over a decade. After all, he proved himself to be a model citizen and a productive member of society. Plus, he routinely checked in with ICE.His hypocrite wife, on the other hand, only has herself to blame for what Roberto is going through now.Because of Trump s obsessive anti-immigration crusade, Roberto has now been arrested and is going to be deported on Friday after being in the United States for nearly 20 years.As it turns out, Helen is a Trump supporter. She voted for him because she ironically believes that undocumented immigrants should be deported. However, she seriously bought Trump s claim that he would only deport criminals. The problem is that Trump and his rabid conservative base believe being an undocumented immigrant is a criminal act (it isn t). [Trump] did say the good people would not be deported, the good people would be checked,  Helen whined to Indiana Public Media.Of course, Trump lied. Surprise!Did Helen think that because she supported Trump that his policies for everyone else would not touch her own family? After all, Roberto is an undocumented immigrant and she was warned repeatedly during the 2016 campaign that Trump s immigration policies would even target immigrants who had not committed crimes.It s really hard to sympathize with Helen at this point. She willingly voted for a man who has an open disdain for immigrants and her vote is now coming back to haunt her.One wonders if she will continue supporting Trump after this or will she be yet another of the growing number of Trump supporters who turned their backs on him after they discovered they had been duped?Trump s immigration policies are literally tearing families apart and creating an atmosphere of fear and hate across the nation.This story just further demonstrates that you get what you vote for.Featured image via Jim Lo Scalzo   Pool/Getty Images",0
2035, WATCH: Nancy Pelosi Takes House Intel Chair To The Woodshed For Being A Trump ‘Stooge’,"GOP Rep. Devin Nunes is feeling the burn after Nancy Pelosi ripped him a new one on Thursday.On Wednesday, Nunes went to the White House to personally give information to Donald Trump about the House Intelligence Committee s investigation into his Russia scandal.Nunes claimed that some Trump team members were incidentally caught on surveillance conducted by foreign intelligence and then suggested to the media that Trump s accusation against President Obama was right all along. I guess it all depends on one s definition of spying,  Nunes said during the rushed press conference, which was put together in a desperate effort to defend Trump.Nunes  press conference and his visit to the White House were done without the knowledge of the rest of the committee. Clearly, Nunes went rogue and disgraced himself in the process since he is the chairman of the committee.Furthermore, Nunes  actions make it clear that he s not interested in conducting a fair investigation. He s only interested in helping Trump.And that s why Nancy Pelosi nailed him to the wall. Chairman Nunes is deeply compromised, and he cannot possibly lead an honest investigation,  Pelosi told reporters.  He committed a stunt at the White House yesterday raising questions about Chairman Nunes  impartiality. Pelosi reminded the press that Nunes worked on Trump s transition team so it definitely looks like Nunes is doing Trump s bidding.She then blasted Republicans for desperately saying anything to help Trump. The Republicans are grasping at straws,  Pelosi said.  FBI Director Comey confirmed that President Obama did not wiretap President Trump, affirmed an investigation into links and coordination between the Russian government and individuals associated with the Trump campaign. Indeed, Comey dropped these bombshells last week during under oath testimony to Congress. The revelations nuked whatever shred of credibility Trump had left and now charges of treason are hanging over Trump and his administration.But Pelosi wasn t done with Nunes yet. She had even stronger words for him. By being a stooge of the president of the United States, he has demonstrated very clearly that there is no way there can be an impartial investigation under his leadership on that committee,  Pelosi declared. She then went on to call for the creation of an independent commission to continue the investigation.Here s the video via Twitter..@NancyPelosi calls House Intelligence Cmte Chair Devin Nunes a  stooge for the president of the United States  pic.twitter.com/RlqfPA5fNE  CSPAN (@cspan) March 23, 2017It s clear that House Republicans are colluding with Donald Trump to help him discredit the investigation against him. There needs to be an independent commission and a special prosecutor involved. Republicans have zero credibility to do their jobs. Nunes went behind his colleague s backs to deliver information to Trump and then held a hasty press conference. He s a shill for Trump, and this video of Nunes refusing to say whether he got his information from Trump proves it.Republicans are rigging the House Intelligence Committee investigation and something needs to be done about it.Featured image via screenshot",0
2036, President Obama Came Out Of Retirement Today To Slam Republicans On Healthcare,"After two months of an administration that gives literal meaning to the term  bully pulpit,  it becomes easy to forget what a real president sounds like how a real president discusses disagreements. On Thursday, though, we received a brief reminder as President Obama took a break from his retirement to talk about health care and not once did he use the words  fake news  or even  sad. Today is the seventh anniversary of the signing of the Affordable Care Act, a law, that despite Republicans  claims otherwise, took months and months to draft, debate and eventually pass. Obama, as well as anyone, knows that the law isn t perfect, but he does recognize some very basic facts, which boil down to we re much better with it than without it. Obama said it better in a statement on Thursday. So the reality is clear: America is stronger because of the Affordable Care Act,  Obama said.He s right. The uninsured rate has been cut almost in half since the law s inception and it goes down every year.Republicans want to change that and Obama didn t let that go. In his very diplomatic style that we so desperately miss, the President urged Republicans to pass a bill that would improve upon the Affordable Care Act, not make it worse. So if Republicans are serious about lowering costs while expanding coverage to those who need it, and if they re prepared to work with Democrats and objective evaluators in finding solutions that accomplish those goals   that s something we all should welcome,  he said.  But we should start from the baseline that any changes will make our health care system better, not worse for hardworking Americans. That should always be our priority.  Only, as we know, Republicans don t give a crap about making the law better, unless by better, you mean giving rich people a huge tax cut while leaving older poor people much, much poorer.Fortunately, the fate of this bill, which will go up for a vote on the anniversary of Obama s signature healthcare law, is uncertain to say the least. At this point, it s far more likely to fail than to pass.Featured image via Sean Gallup/Getty Images",0
2037," Reeking Of Desperation, Trump Sends Out ‘Poll’ Asking His Followers To Prove They Love Him","Facing corruption scandals, nepotism scandals, Russian interference in the election scandals, and a healthcare bill that appears to be so awful even Republicans won t touch it, Trump did what comes natural to him  beg his supporters for love.In a poll that has already become the laughingstock of the internet, Trump sent email subscribers a single question meant to  prove the American people stand behind our great movement : Do you stand with President Trump?The answers were hilariously loaded. Poll takers could pick just one of two options:Apparently Trump didn t want people answering the wrong way in a non-scientific poll meant to boost his ego. Leaving nothing to chance, he made the  no  answer an insane screed against Democrats and the media.Actual email sent out by Trump Headquarters pic.twitter.com/8c3qwbNoUb  Molly Crabapple (@mollycrabapple) March 23, 2017Notably, there are already existing polls which are meant to gauge whether the American people support the president or not. They are conducted by legitimate polling organizations. The latest ones show that at this point in his term Trump is perhaps the least popular president of all time.President Donald Trump s job approval rating has dropped to 37%, while 58% of Americans disapprove of his performance so far as president, new Gallup figures show.Naturally, the poll ends with a plea for money. Trump, who won the election five months ago still thinks he s campaigning.Trump ends the  poll  by begging for money (which you should give him to spite the lyin  media) pic.twitter.com/XN02PBecQX  Molly Crabapple (@mollycrabapple) March 23, 2017As Trump s popularity continues to plummet, the president appears to be slipping further into his own paranoid fantasies. On Twitter, he s stopped even trying to find legitimate sources for his claims. Now he exclusively tweets out links to disreputable right-wing conspiracy sites. During a TIME magazine interview, Trump ranted about how he is always right and never wrong.The whole thing is getting a disturbing  Hitler s final days in the bunker  vibe to it. Which may explain why this poll bears a striking resemblance to an infamous Nazi election ballot. They too left very little to chance.@mollycrabapple A tried and trusted methodology . https://t.co/hDzL3ei6b7 pic.twitter.com/Q3agCcyQQz  Murf (@murf) March 23, 2017But perhaps the most disturbing part of Trump s latest deepdive into paranoid delusions is how commonplace it has become. As Twitter user @nycsouthpaw observed, stunts like this poll have a sickening authoritarian streak that is being shrugged off.this authoritarian garbage was sent out on behalf of the president of the united states and tbh we barely even raise our eyebrows anymore https://t.co/KIbqM2Pdti  southpaw (@nycsouthpaw) March 23, 2017We ve become accustomed to this lunacy.Featured image via Michael Reynolds-Pool/Getty Images",0
2038," White Supremacist Kills Black Man, Planned On Murdering More (VIDEO)","James Harris Jackson, 28, eventually surrendered to police in New York City to admit to fatally stabbing a 66-year-old black man in the chest with a 26-inch sword that has an 18-inch blade. The sword exited the victim s back after being plunged into his chest. Jackson, an army veteran from Baltimore, held a long-time hatred of black people and had traveled to Manhattan with the goal of killing black men.This is an attack you won t see amateur president Donald Trump tweeting about.Timothy Caughman, 66, the white supremacist s victim, stumbled into a police station bleeding from stab wounds to his chest and back, Assistant Chief William Aubry, the commander of Manhattan South detectives, told reporters at Police Headquarters, according to the New York Times.After taking down his first victim, Jackson set his sights on another black person just blocks away but something reportedly  spooked him. He appeared to be very close, following a black guy,  a source said.  He slows down and at one point he turned around and came back. It s clear he was really focused on the guy for some time. Then, he falls out of camera view and doesn t attack the guy. He made statements that he was following the guy but something spooked him. Jackson was arrested on a charge of second-degree murder, but the chief said they wanted to upgrade the charge by classifying it a hate crime.Watch:.@NYPDMTS walk James Harris Jackson, an army veteran & member of a hate group in Maryland, accused of killing a #NYC black man @NYDNVideo pic.twitter.com/DWwGxM0GgG  Edgar Sandoval (@edjsandoval) March 22, 2017Surveillance video of Jackson near the scene:Jackson admitted to police that he was a member of a white supremacist group and said that he detailed his racist views on his laptop computer, according to the Daily News.Jackson told the authorities that he initially wanted to stab a black man, then grab a police officer s gun and  shoot some people,  a police source said.Aubry said,  He wanted to make a statement. Jackson told police that he has been  harboring (racist) feelings for quite some time,  and it s believed he had these feelings for over 10 years, police said. He knew what he was doing when he was coming up here,  Aubry said at a press conference.  It is believed he was specifically intending to target male blacks. It s been well over 10 years that he has been harboring his hate towards blacks. Jackson reportedly said he doesn t like interracial relationships. More than an unspeakable human tragedy, this is an assault on what makes this the greatest city in the world: our inclusiveness and our diversity,  Mayor de Blasio said Wednesday.  Now it s our collective responsibility to speak clearly and forcefully in the face of intolerance and violence   here or across the country. We are a safe city because we are inclusive. We are a nation of unrivaled strength because we are diverse. No act of violence can undermine who we are. The last words Caughman said to his attacker were,  What are you doing? Good question.Image via screen capture.",0
2039, Trump’s TIME Interview Is The Most Batsh*t F*cking Insane Thing You’ll Ever See,"Donald Trump at this point is known for spewing crazy statements, but in an interview with TIME, The Donald somehow managed to outdo himself in attempting to defend some of his more batsh*t insane lies.Asked about his claim that President Obama put a  tapp  on his  wires  at Trump Tower, The Donald explained that he has  articles saying it happened.  The random, word salady string of words Trump threw together to support this one is so impressively moronic that Sarah Palin seems like a genius by comparison: No, I have, look. I have articles saying it happened. But you have to take a look at what they, they just went out at a news conference. Devin Nunes had a news conference. I mean I don t know, I was unable to see it, because I am at meetings, but they just had a news conference talking about surveillance. Now again, it is in quotes. That means surveillance and various other things. And the New York Times had a front-page story, which they actually reduced, they took it, they took it the word wiretapping out of the title, but its first story in the front page of the paper was wiretapping. And a lot of information has just been learned, and a lot of information may be learned over the next coming period of time. We will see what happens. Look. I predicted a lot of things that took a little of bit of time. Here, headline, for the front page of the New York Times,  Wiretapped data used in inquiry of Trump aides.  That s a headline. Now they then dropped that headline, I never saw this until this morning. They then dropped that headline, and they used another headline without the word wiretap, but they did mean wiretap. Wiretapped data used in inquiry. Then changed after that, they probably didn t like it. And they changed the title. They took the wiretap word out. Devin Nunes did indeed have a  news conference  in which he did attempt to push Trump s lies by pointing out that many of The Donald s associates had been caught up in perfectly legal  incidental collection  while the FBI and other agencies were looking into foreign suspects. Nunes, a prominent member of Trump s transition team, also completely skipped telling his fellow Russia investigators of this development and ran directly to Mr. 45 with the information.Though Nunes has previously said there is no evidence that Obama  tapped  Trump s  wires,  The Donald took the incidental collection of information   a term he admits he does not understand   as proof that he was correct about that dastardly President Obama: Well, he just got this information. This was new information. That was just got. Members, of, let s see, were under surveillance during the Obama Administration following November s election. Wow. This just came out. So, ah, just came out. Trump also told TIME that he will be  proved right  about his wacky claim that three million undocumented immigrants voted for his opponent, swinging the popular vote in Hillary Clinton s favor. Despite the completely false nature of Trump s allegations, he says he s  forming a committee on it  and it may be  more than  three million   a  serious problem. Asked about his completely unfounded claim that thousands of Muslims celebrated in the streets of New Jersey after 9/11, Trump claimed that it was in the Washington Post. This claim has been disputed by literally everyone with any sense.Trump even defended his blatantly incorrect claim that Ted Cruz s father helped kill JFK by saying it was in a  newspaper.  It wasn t, but that didn t stop him from lying again: Well that was in a newspaper. No, no, I like Ted Cruz, he s a friend of mine. But that was in the newspaper. I wasn t, I didn t say that. I was referring to a newspaper. A Ted Cruz article referred to a newspaper story with, had a picture of Ted Cruz, his father, and Lee Harvey Oswald, having breakfast. In fact, according to The Donald, he is not responsible for any of his lies because someone else made the numerous false claims elsewhere and he simply repeated them: Why do you say that I have to apologize? I m just quoting the newspaper, just like I quoted the judge the other day, Judge Napolitano, I quoted Judge Napolitano, just like I quoted Bret Baier, I mean Bret Baier mentioned the word wiretap. Now he can now deny it, or whatever he is doing, you know. But I watched Bret Baier, and he used that term. I have a lot of respect for Judge Napolitano, and he said that three sources have told him things that would make me right. I don t know where he has gone with it since then. But I m quoting highly respected people from highly respected television networks. This is perhaps the most insane interview conducted with the President of the United States. You can read the whole thing here.Featured image via Getty Images (Chip Somodevilla)",0
2040," WATCH: McCain Scorches His Own Party’s Sham ‘Investigation,’ Says Congress Is Not Credible In Russia Probe","Arizona Senator John McCain seems to be the lone patriot left in the GOP right now, along with perhaps South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham. It seems McCain has had just about enough of the shady shenanigans regarding the so-called  investigation  into the Trump campaign s ties to Russia and possible collusion. During an interview on Wednesday, McCain called for a new, independent commission, saying to Greta Van Susteren on MSNBC: It s a bizarre situation, and what I think, the reason why I m calling for this select committee or a special committee, is I think that this back-and-forth and what the American people have found out so far that no longer does the Congress have credibility to handle this alone. And I don t say that lightly. These tough remarks come as things heat up on Capitol Hill regarding Russia, with the Republican Chair of the House Intelligence Committee, Devin Nunes (R-CA), and the Ranking Democrat, Adam Schiff (D-CA), now openly feuding over how things are being handled. This is especially true since Nunes decided to brief Trump   the very subject of this investigation   before briefing his own committee.It s high time the rest of the Republican Party grew a pair and put country before party and put a stop to this nonsense. Impeach Trump, investigate his entire administration, and if/when criminal wrongdoing is found, prosecute them.Watch the video below:Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2041, WATCH: Oklahoma Republican Declares That Rape Is The ‘Will Of God’,"Women should get as far away from Oklahoma as soon as possible because Christian Sharia law is about to make their lives a living hell.If Oklahoma state GOP Rep. George Faught has his way, rape will be on the path to being legal in the state. At least that s what rapists are hoping for after Faught made a frightening statement on the subject during a debate on House Bill 1549, which restricts abortion.Democratic Rep. Cory Williams masterfully cornered Faught during the hearing by asking him if he believes rape and incest are the  will of God  since the legislation has no exceptions for either, meaning women would be forced to give birth to their rapist s baby.Faught s reply is absolutely appalling and demonstrates once again why women should never vote for Republicans, especially Republicans who want to base our laws on the Bible. Well, you know, if you read the Bible, there s actually a couple circumstances where that happened,  Faught said.  The Lord uses all circumstances. I mean, you can go down that path, but it s a reality unfortunately. Faught literally just used the Bible to justify rape. And then he used it to justify incest. Same answer,  Faught replied. Then he argued that Williams  questions have nothing to do with the bill. Williams vehemently disagreed and explained why. You are proffering a divine intervention as the reason why you won t do that and so I think it is very important,  Williams said before demanding Faught repeat his answer again.  This body wants to know   and myself personally   whether you believe rape and incest are actually the will of God. Faught obliged and stated that rape and incest are God s will because God is sovereign over all activities that happen. It s a great question to ask. And, obviously if it happens in someone s life, it may not be the best thing that ever happened, but   so you re saying that God is not sovereign with every activity that happens in someone s life and can t use anything and everything in someone s life and I disagree with that. Seriously.Here s the video via YouTube.This is exactly the same kind of statement that Republicans like Rick Santorum and Richard Mourdock made during the 2012 Election. I believe and I think the right approach is to accept this horribly created   in the sense of rape   but nevertheless a gift in a very broken way, the gift of human life, and accept what God has given to you,  Santorum said during his run for the presidency.  As you know, we have to, in lots of different aspects of our life. We have horrible things happen. I can t think of anything more horrible. But, nevertheless, we have to make the best out of a bad situation. I ve struggled with it myself for a long time, but I came to realize that life is that gift from God,  Mourdock said during his Senate run in Indiana. And even when life begins in that horrible situation of rape, that it is something that God intended to happen. Both of these assholes think that rape is sanctioned by God and that women should appreciate the  gift  God is giving them by force. It s disgusting and is the reason why both men lost their races.And now Faught should be ousted from office as well.Featured Image: Wikimedia",0
2042, WATCH: Hawaii Republican Leaves Party After GOP Leadership Punishes Her For Criticizing Trump,"Democrats are about to welcome another voice into their big tent after Republicans in Hawaii decided their tent wasn t small enough.In January, Hawaii state Rep. Beth Fukumoto attended the Women s March in protest of Donald Trump. As an American, Fukumoto has every right to exercise her freedom of speech and right to protest.But Republicans in the state decided that a woman s place is not in the Republican Party if she won t submit to Trump.So they stripped Fukumoto of her leadership position in the statehouse and tried to force her to resign simply because she criticized Trump.Republicans also condemned Fukumoto because she dared to work with Democrats on legislation to benefit the people of Hawaii.Fukumoto refused to be bullied by her sexist and racist colleagues and continued to represent her constituents. And now, after a couple months of thought, Fukumoto has decided to ditch the GOP to become a Democrat. When I joined the Republican Party eight years ago, I did so with a group of people my age who were full of hope, ideas and energy,  Fukumoto said.  I discovered that it wasn t just me and my Republican friends trying to change the status quo. There were good Democrats trying to change things too. So we started working together. But, in doing so, I ran into Republican partisanship that insisted I stop working with Democrats even when it clearly benefited our community. In a video explaining her decision, Fukumoto said that some constituents think she should stick it out in the GOP and be a voice of opposition from within. However, she would rather join the Democrats and actually get things done. I want to be productive,  she said.  I could stay. I could continue to criticize. I could be that voice of opposition, but what good does that do for the people of Hawaii, and what good does that do for my district? I think there s a much better opportunity that if I disagree with what the Republican Party is doing, to be able to work productively as a Democrat to offer a different solution, so that s what I m announcing today. Here s the video via KHON2.Indeed, what s the point of staying in a party that hates you? Ultimately, Fukumoto made the best decision by joining a party that actually appreciates her voice and ideas. Meanwhile, Republicans only have themselves to blame because they are so blinded by their loyalty to Trump that they literally let a woman who wanted to be part of the party s future become part of the Democratic Party instead.Once again, Republicans clearly demonstrated that women, especially women who criticize Trump, are not welcome in their party.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
2043, BOMBSHELL: Devin Nunes’ Entire Net Worth Sunk In Company With Strong Ties To Russia,"If today s fiasco, which came courtesy of House Intel chair Devin Nunes, wasn t enough to convince anyone that he can t conduct a credible investigation into whether or not Trump and his teams colluded with Russia, then this should be: Nunes has put almost his entire net worth into a winery with strong ties to Russia.How strong? Well, the Alpha Omega Winery has distributors all over the U.S., but just a few abroad. One of those overseas distributors is the Luding Trading Company in Russia. Luding is, in fact, Russia s largest distributor for alcoholic beverages. But they don t just operate in Russia   they also appear to have a relationship with Vladimir Putin: The Luding Company and the Yerevan Ararat Brandy-Wine-Vodka factory sent greetings to Vladimir Putin, the president of Russia, on his 55th birthday and made a birthday present of bottles of the Noy, the Sovereign 55 cognac and the Vanatur and Varpet unique 1952 vintage wines, 1952 being the President s birth year. If Russia were truly a free, democratic state, then maybe this could be overlooked as nothing more than a large company wishing the leader of a country that had given them so much a happy birthday. But Russia, under Putin, is anything but truly free. With Luding being the country s largest distributor of alcohol, it s highly unlikely that Putin doesn t have his fingers in it somewhere. The fact that Nunes has his money sunk there is a pretty big deal.It s also odd that Alpha Omega Winery would have a relationship with Russia s largest distributor when they only have a relationship with one Western nation (Switzerland). They don t have any relationships with any other distributor in the EU, which means no relationships with NATO allies at all.Then there s the fact that Nunes is one of the people Trump called upon to refute news about the whole Russia scandal. That right there compromised the House s investigation into Trump and Russia because it blurs the lines between the intelligence community, the White House, and Congress.And Nunes actually did what Trump asked him to   he started sending messages to reporters challenging the Russia stories. As the chairman of the committee investigating the Trump-Russia tie, he should never have done that.It appears more and more likely that Nunes was never acting independently in this investigation. And given that he s got business ties to Russia tenuous or not he should have recused himself from this investigation the instant it got underway.Featured image by Win McNamee via Getty Images",0
2044, Trump’s ‘Grab Them By The P***y’ Nature Reappeared During Meeting With Japanese Prime Minister,"Trump s disgusting brand of misogyny was laid bare for all to see during the election cycle and it should have sunk him, because he literally bragged about sexually assaulting women by kissing them without waiting, and also saying women would let him  grab them by the pussy,  because he was famous. If you thought that his being elected would have toned that down, you thought wrong. And he doesn t seem to care who s around when he gets lewd and disgusting like that.Last month, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe met with Trump at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida. These kinds of meetings often require translators, and in this case, the translator was a woman. And Trump couldn t stop thinking about her. From Vanity Fair: [V]intage Trump is not going anywhere anytime soon. A couple of weeks earlier, during a visit by the Japanese prime minister, Shinz  Abe, the president told an acquaintance that he was obsessed with the translator s breasts although he expressed this in his own, fragrant fashion. Seriously, he said, practically right in front of another world leader, that he was obsessed with a woman s breasts. Was his mind even on the meeting or was he just staring at her breasts the whole time?Those comments, which Trump and his loyal subjects dismissed as mere locker room talk, led to men assaulting women on subways and sidewalks, literally yelling,  Grab her by the pussy!  Trump normalized objectifying and assaulting women because hey, if he can do it, then why can t everyone?And he s still at it! Now the question is, how often does this happen while he s meeting with diplomats and world leaders? What about the foreign press? Does he do this all the time, and nobody says anything? He s not just a joke, he s a vile, disgusting pig of a joke.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
2045," BOMBSHELL: Information Suggests Trump Associates DID Collude With Russia, According To Officials","Wednesday was not a good day to be Donald Trump. In the aftermath of the disastrous Comey hearing where it was confirmed that The Donald s team was indeed being investigated   and of Rep. Nunes  decision to skip informing his fellow congressional Russia investigators of perfectly legal  incidental collection  of information about Trump associates and possibly the President* himself and run to The Donald with it instead   Trump has been flailing, attempting to distract from the whole Russia thing as much as possible.That s going to be very hard now, as U.S. officials have now confirmed that the facts suggest that members of his team were indeed working with the enemy. CNN reports:The FBI has information that indicates associates of President Donald Trump communicated with suspected Russian operatives to possibly coordinate the release of information damaging to Hillary Clinton s campaign, US officials told CNN.",0
2046, BREAKING: Evidence Trump Colluded With Russia Is Now ‘More Than Circumstantial’ (DETAILS),"The Democratic ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee dropped a bombshell Wednesday afternoon when he revealed that there is  more than circumstantial evidence now  of collusion between Donald Trump and Russia.Speaking to MSNBC s Chuck Todd, Rep. Adam Schiff said the evidence that Trump s team colluded with Russia is no longer just circumstantial. On Sunday, Schiff said that there was circumstantial evidence of collusion and direct evidence  of deception, but today, he said there is more.When Todd asked him if the case for collusion was only circumstantial, Schiff said, I can tell you that the case is more than that. I can t go in to the particulars but there is more than circumstantial evidence now,  Schiff said. You have seen direct evidence of collusion?  Todd asked. I don t want to go into specifics but I will say that there is evidence that is not circumstantial and very much worthy of investigation  Schiff said.This is the furthest a lawmaker has gone regarding proof that Trump was working with Russia to cheat his way into the White House.On Monday, during a hearing before the House Intelligence Committee, FBI Director James Comey publicly confirmed that the bureau is investigation both Russia s interference in the election and the possibility that Trump was in cahoots with Putin the whole time. Comey also testified that this investigation began way back in July of 2016.You can watch Schiff s interview here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
2047, A Liberal Had A Heart Attack; You Need To See The Reactions From The Right,"Former conservative turned liberal activist, David Brock, suffered a heart attack Tuesday. The news is scant, but it doesn t seem to be life threatening, thank goodness. Conservatives, though, are completely giddy about the fact that a man is ill.Brock, who was instrumental in the right-wing campaign to take down Bill Clinton, and of the smear campaign against Clarence Thomas accuser Anita Hill, had a change of heart in the late 90s.Since his wakeup, Brock founded MediaMatters, the left-wing media watchdog organization and an anti-Republican PAC called American Bridge. He was (and is) also a strong advocate for Hillary Clinton.It s understandable why conservatives would dislike Brock. MediaMatters made its claim to fame by using Republicans  own words against them. Literally. Most of what they post is video and transcript of Republicans putting their own feet in their mouths. Naturally, they call that  fake news  and worse. The right tends to look at Brock as some sort of bogeyman, much like they look at George Soros. So, imagine the glee from the  pro-life  party over the fact that Brock suffered a heart attack.David Brock had a heart attack. Maybe Satan is calling one of his children home.  Cailin4Trump? (@Cailin4Trump) March 22, 2017GEEI wonder if Deep State is covering their assess by getting rid of  evidence ?? ??pic.twitter.com/w1evcNpi1i#MAGA David Brock Nunues  Boca Vista (@bocavista2016) March 22, 2017David brock has a heart attack the same week Rockefeller croaks. The swamp is draining itself friends! #draintheswamp #pizzagate #NWO #MAGA  Exposing The Tyrants (@DRAINTHESWAMP17) March 22, 2017@dcexaminer there is a god  Ralph Valente (@ralphfvalente) March 22, 2017Brock was supposedly involved in the fake right-wing story, Pizzagate, which alleged that Hillary Clinton and her campaign manager were running a child sex ring out of the basement of a D.C. pizza place that had no basement. Some still apparently believe it, though.The Pedophile Case must be close to breaking: Media Matters founder David Brock suffers heart attack https://t.co/BvEQnffpLN @zerohedge  Dr. Dave Janda ?? (@docdhj) March 22, 2017 David Brock  if you are on your deathbed, implicate your buddies at Comet Ping Pong Pizza. Get well soon, hopefully behind prison bars.  Conservapedia (@jay_pe) March 22, 2017David Brock truth will always win #pizzagate  Zombellalove1?? (@ZombellaLove1) March 22, 2017And for the conspiratorially minded, a cigar is never just a cigar.David Brock knows too much. If it s really hitting the fan, he s no longer an asset to the DNC Mafia. Not surprised to hear of heart attack  Heddi (@SmithHeddi) March 22, 2017The Clinton s are cleaning house. David Brock, Media Matters founder and Clinton ally, suffers heart attack | https://t.co/2YfEjX4Luo  Victor Stalworth (@victorstalworth) March 22, 2017.@dcexaminer Looks like David Brock knows too much, and has possibly become a  liability  to the criminals in the #DeepState. pic.twitter.com/5rrlkjwtI4  Morpheus (@RedPillingYou) March 22, 2017Sad.Featured image via Mad about the Ban/Flickr",0
2048," BREAKING: Lead Republican Investigating Russia Just PROVED He’s In It For Trump, Not The Truth","Devin Nunes, the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee and in charge of the investigation into whether Russia influenced our election, says he has information that members of Trump s transition team were, in fact, sort of but not really under surveillance after the election. He also reiterated that he doesn t believe Trump Tower was actually tapped, making his statements to the press confusing and conflicting.But the kicker here isn t the conflicting statements. It s that Nunes shared this information with the White House before he shared it with the rest of the intelligence committee   specifically, the Democrats, thus proving that he s way too biased and partisan to conduct a truly credible investigation.It seems that the Democratic members of the committee actually learned of all of this via the media this afternoon. In fact, Rep. Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said the following about it:Today, Chairman Nunes shared information with WH still withheld from our committee. He cannot conduct a credible investigation this way. pic.twitter.com/wwrp7H7JWC  Adam Schiff (@RepAdamSchiff) March 22, 2017The information that Nunes gave to reporters earlier today is extremely important  way too important to withhold from the rest of the committee like this. Here s what he told White House reporters: First, I recently confirmed that on numerous occasions, the intelligence community collected information about U.S. citizens involved in the Trump transition. Details about U.S. persons associated with the incoming administration, details with little or no apparent foreign intelligence value were widely disseminated intelligence community reporting.I have confirmed that additional names of Trump transition team members were unmasked.Fourth and finally, I want to be clear: None of this surveillance was related to Russia or the investigation of Russian activities or of the Trump team.What I ve read bothers me and I think it should bother the president himself and his team because I think some of it seems to be inappropriate. Oddly enough, Nunes also said that he believes that this information was incidentally collected, and that members of the transition team were not specific targets of surveillance. He also believes that the information was collected legally, and disputed again Trump s claim that Obama tapped his phones at Trump Tower: No, no, no. That did not happen. I have said this for many, many weeks. The fact that Nunes decided to go running to Trump with this information, instead of briefing the rest of the committee as he should have done, suggests he s incredibly partial to Trump. He s still working on the assumption that who leaked info is more important than whether a foreign power just installed a puppet government here, undermining our democracy in one of the worst ways. This is just ridiculous   we need this turned over to an independent panel. We can t trust Nunes to either get his info straight or to behave in as impartial a manner as possible.Featured image by Mark Wilson via Getty Images",0
2049, Trump’s Mar-a-Lago Trips Force Secret Service To Divert Crime-Fighting Funds To Pay For More Security,"Despite repeatedly claiming that he will be tough on crime, Donald Trump s weekend escapades to Mar-a-Lago are literally forcing the Secret Service to do less crime-fighting.The Secret Service does not merely exist to protect presidents and their families. They perform other duties as well that keep America safe such as busting currency counterfeiters, searching for missing and exploited children, and cybercrimes.But instead of doing that part of the job, the Secret Service is being forced to abandon those responsibilities in order to spend more time and money on presidential security. And it s all because Trump refuses to stop going to his Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach every single freaking weekend.According to the Washington Post, the Secret Service asked for an additional $60 million for their budget to fund security for Trump Tower in New York City because Melania Trump refuses to move into the White House. The extra funding would also go towards the security requirements necessary for when Trump goes to Florida to play golf.But the White House budget office denied the request. You know, because Trump actually doesn t give a shit about fighting crime.So the Secret Service is being forced to cut funding from their criminal investigation wing, which will likely lead to a rise in those criminal activities because the Secret Service won t be able to do their job effectively.Trump s vacations to Mar-a-Lago costs taxpayers $3 million every weekend and so far, Trump has only stayed in Washington one weekend since taking the oath of office. In fact, it was the weekend after taking the oath that Trump chose not to go to Palm Beach.Speaking of Palm Beach, despite promising to create jobs, Trump s frequent visits to Mar-a-Lago on the taxpayer s dime is taking a toll on local businesses there because all the extra security measures are causing businesses to lose money. Local taxpayers have also had to spend money on extra security for Trump, which has forced the Palm Beach city council to consider a measure that would slap a tax on Trump to help reimburse the city.And at the rate Trump is going back and forth between Washington and Palm Beach, he will likely force the Secret Service to blow their entire budget well before the next fiscal year commences. Trump is on pace to take more vacation days in one year than President Obama did in eight, and Trump s vacation time will cost taxpayers even more.So not only are taxpayers losing money, the American people are losing a crucial element of our ability to fight crime in this country. Not only can counterfeit money flow to fund multiple criminal endeavors, it can hurt the economy by flooding it with too much currency and would hurt the reputation of the dollar. If other nations and businesses can t trust the authenticity of our money, the whole system could suffer greatly.Perhaps the Secret Service would be better off choosing to not protect Trump so much. After all, he s the one making their job more difficult than it should be. And frankly, if Trump wants more Secret Service protection he should have to pay for it himself if he continues to insist that he be a part-time president.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2050, WATCH: Sean Spicer Loses His Sh*t When Reporters Grill Him About Trump’s Ties To Russia,"Donald Trump s White House mouthpiece just gave Melissa McCarthy more material to work with on Saturday Night Live.As we all know, FBI Director James Comey revealed during testimony under oath that Trump is being investigated for colluding with Russia during the 2016 Election and has been under investigation for months. Comey also confirmed that Trump s wiretapping accusation against President Obama is bullshit.These revelations have given the White House Press Corps a lot of questions to ask, and Sean Spicer is not happy about it.In particular, Spicer has had to deal with questions surrounding former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort, who has been attempting to spread pro-Putin propaganda on behalf of Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska for over a decade.Again, Spicer does not like having to answer questions about Trump s ties to Russia. He would like the media to ignore them and become propaganda outlets for Trump instead. But Spicer is not getting his way.During Wednesday s press briefing, Axios reporter Jonathan Swan asked Spicer about Manafort s connection to Russia and wanted to know if Trump knew about it. H was not aware of Paul s client in the last decade,  Spicer claimed before getting snippy.  What else is coming out? What else don t we know? Where he went to school, who he went to grade school with, who he played with in the sandbox? Of course, Spicer s credibility imploded on his first day on the job so reporters have no reason to believe him when he claims Trump doesn t know something.Anyway, another reporter attempted to ask a follow-up question and that led to yet another testy exchange, which morphed into yet another Spicer temper tantrum.SPICER:  I m answering a question, here. REPORTER:  I m asking a question. SPICER:  No, you re not. The answer to your question is to talk about someone having a client ten years ago that had a consulting company with clients around the world. I don t know what he got paid to do. He was a consultant, he had clients around the world. There was no suggestion he did anything improper but to suggest that the president knew who his clients were from a decade ago is a bit insane. He wasn t a government employee, he did not fill out any paperwork attesting to something. There was nothing he did to suggest at this point that anything was nefarious, he was hired to do a job, he did it plain and simple. Here s the video via YouTube: Sean Spicer is seriously terrible at his job. His credibility is shot all to hell and he constantly shoots himself in the foot by getting into confrontations with reporters because they ask certain questions that Spicer and Trump would rather not have to answer.INstead of attacking the media, Spicer would be better off just answering the questions, because the more defensive he gets, the more it looks like Trump has something to hide. And that means Spicer will have to answer even more questions.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
2051, Donald Trump Jr Posts Disgusting Lie About London’s Muslim Mayor Minutes After London Terror Attack,"This morning, a man drove his car into a crowd near the UK s parliament building and began attacking bystanders with a knife. Across the ocean, America s conservative handled the scary situation with characteristic boorishness. At the forefront of this despicable behavior was President Trump s own son. British police hadn t even confirmed the number of dead before Donald Trump Jr used the attack as a pretext to promote Islamophobia on Twitter.While emergencies workers worked on the injured and police began piecing together what happened, Don Jr. decided his contribution would be to spread a vicious and pathetic lie about London s mayor. Why would he focus on this man while the city was still in shock? Because Mayor Sadiq Khan is Muslim.In a tweet, Don Jr. implied Khan was somehow sympathetic to terrorists, inaccurately quoting him as having said  Terror attacks are part of living in big city [sic].  Don commented: You have got to be kidding me?! You have to be kidding me?!: Terror attacks are part of living in big city, says London Mayor Sadiq Khan https://t.co/uSm2pwRTjO  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) March 22, 2017Like clockwork, other conservative Trump-clingers began running with the quote as well.Will London's Muslim mayor, @SadiqKhan, once again say that Muslim terror attacks are just ""part and parcel"" of living in a major city?  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) March 22, 2017Can't wait for London s Muslim Mayor to lecture us about how terror attacks are  part and parcel  of urban life  again.  Faith J. Goldy  ?? (@FaithGoldy) March 22, 2017The problem: The quote and the link used in Don Jr. s tweet are ludicrously wrong. The real quote paints Khan as a man not sympathetic to terrorism but vigilant about stopping terrorism. Here s the full quote given in 2016 to the Evening Standard: What I do know is that part and parcel of living in a great, global city is that you ve got to be prepared for these sort of things. You ve got to be vigilant. You ve got to support the police who do an incredibly hard job. You ve got to support the security services and I think speculating when you don t know the facts is unwise. In other words, Khan is doing all the things every mayor in every major city in the world is doing: Working to stop terrorism while knowing that a big city s size and landmarks make tempting targets. Nowhere does he accept that terrorism is  part and parcel  of urban life. Fighting it is.Don Jr has yet to express any condolences to the families of the victims. He s so far tweeted exclusively about Muslims (including this lie about London s mayor). The lack of basic decency seems to run in the family. Don Jr. s dad once commented on the mass shooting in Orlando by infamously saying  appreciate the congrats. It s like every tragedy is seen not as a horrifying moment of pain and suffering for the victims but something to be exploited to further an agenda. Don Jr desperately wants to smear Muslims and if it means lying about the mayor of the city that was just attacked, then that s what he ll do.Featured image via John Sommers II/Getty Images",0
2052, ‘Dealmaker’ Trump LOST Votes When He Visited Congress To Beg Them To Pass His Healthcare Bill,"Donald Trump is another step closer to suffering a major policy defeat, and that s good news for the Affordable Care Act.Trump and House Republicans have been pushing for passage of a bill they dubiously refer to as the  American Healthcare Act,  depsite the fact that s it not American nor is it healthcare.Indeed, the legislation is designed to kill the Affordable Care Act, which slowed the rising costs of health insurance premiums and extended healthcare coverage to tens of millions of Americans.If Republicans pass Trumpcare, millions of Americans will lose their coverage and the price of healthcare will skyrocket, especially among senior citizens.The Republican bill is a bad one, but Trump, who thinks it s  wonderful,  went to Capitol Hill on Tuesday to beg Republicans to pass it and threatened to punish any Republicans who vote against it.Several Republicans who attended the meeting told the Washington Post that Trump literally promised to  come after  them. I m gonna come after you, but I know I won t have to, because I know you ll vote  yes,  Trump said.  Honestly, a loss is not acceptable, folks. But apparently, Trump s threats spectacularly backfired and his self-manufactured reputation as a  dealmaker  took a humiliating hit.Prior to the meeting, NBC had counted 17 Republicans who were leaning against the bill. After the meeting NBC counted 27, which means ten Republicans turned against Trump and his pathetic health care bill in a matter of hours.Republicans are hoping to bring the bill up for a vote on the House floor on Thursday, but it won t pass if GOP leadership can t keep the number of Republicans leaning against it under 22.This would be a humiliating defeat for Trump, especially after he has repeatedly hyped the bill on social media.On Wednesday morning, Trump bragged about the bill on Twitter again.Big day for healthcare. Working hard!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 22, 2017It s a big day alright. Will these 27 Republicans refuse to let Trump bully them into voting for a bad bill or will they stand their ground and kill it on behalf of the tens of millions of Americans who desperately need their healthcare coverage?If they stand their ground, Trump will be a loser, but the American people will win. And last time I checked, congressmen work for the people, not Trump.Featured image via Aude Guerrucci-Pool/Getty Images",0
2053, Sarah Palin Removes Offensive Tweet After Being Humiliated For Whining About A Black Man Donating To Charity,"The overwhelming response to her temper tantrum was so humiliating that Sarah Palin removed the outrageous tweet.Just after midnight on Wednesday morning, Palin apparently learned that former San Francisco quarterback Colin Kaepernick donated money to Meals on Wheels.Palin has relentlessly targeted Kaepernick because he exercised his freedom to kneel during the national anthem in protest of police brutality against people of color.Kaepernick is currently a free agent and will likely find a new team before the next NFL season begins, but that didn t stop Palin from gloating about his current status.In response to Donald Trump s draconian budget that slashes funding for Meals on Wheels, a program that helps millions of senior citizens get a meal and a well-being check every day from a volunteer, Kaepernick donated $50,000 to the organization.For some reason, Palin has a problem with this and she threw a mini hissy fit on Twitter complete with a link to a story on her own website.Palin soon deleted the offensive tweet and we ll get to the reason why shortly, however, a screenshot was obtained by a Twitter user.Since she deleted her tweet, here s the screengrab where she mocks Kaepernick for donating to Meals on Wheels. pic.twitter.com/yPFYgR23zu  Rey  Azure  McSriff (@aguyuno) March 22, 2017As you can see, Palin mocked Kaepernick for currently not having a job, even though there are still quite a few months before the next NFL season begins and free agency is part of the game.Palin linked to story on her website that called Kaepernick s donation a purely  political stunt. You know, because Palin doesn t believe Kaepernick is capable of such a generous gesture out of the kindness of his heart.The article has also been removed.And that s because Palin was buried under such an avalanche of humiliation that she was forced to do so.In particular, Twitter users pointed out that Palin herself does not have a job. She s a mere grifter who quit her previous job as Governor of Alaska because it was easier to swindle money out of her gullible fans.imagine being so racist you get mad a black athlete for donating to meals on wheels https://t.co/wIEa4RBK3s  Adam H. Johnson (@adamjohnsonNYC) March 22, 2017@SarahPalinUSA Has your lazy ass ever finished a job?  Drew MacDonald (@DrewYouRiot) March 22, 2017@ItsTonyNow What is Sarah Palin s job exactly  Harvey K. ? (@krallenbauche) March 22, 2017@SarahPalinUSA you dismiss donating to the needy as a political stunt?  Wilson (@mikebabaganoosh) March 22, 2017And that s pretty much how it went until Palin was so shamed that she took down her tweet and the article.Perhaps, next time, Palin will criticize Donald Trump for cutting Meals on Wheels instead of attacking someone for helping them. Of course, that would be something only a human being with a soul would do.",0
2054, The Supreme Court Delivered A MAJOR Blow To Neil Gorsuch As He Was Testifying,"One of the selling points of Donald Trump s Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch is that his decisions are actually so mainstream and widely respected that he s never been overturned. Well, that argument wasn t true before he testified, but today it s even less true. One of decisions was unanimously overturned by the very court he s applying for, while he was testifying on his own behalf in front of Congress. To my recollection, no opinion I have authored has been reversed by a reviewing court or affirmed with significant criticism,  he wrote in a questionnaire submitted to the Senate Judiciary Committee this weekend.Source: Daily CallerBefore this week, Gorsuch had had at least eight cases reviewed by the higher court. Seven were upheld by the court.Two opinions he joined were overturned by the high court. One was Direct Marketing Association v. Brohl, a case concerning whether federal courts had jurisdiction to hear a challenge to a state tax law. The second case concerned a sentencing issue. Gorsuch did not write the opinion in either case.His streak was broken on Tuesday. The case was about the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, which ensures that students with disabilities are provided with a  free appropriate public education  from the federal government.Under Gorsuch s opinion in Luke P., a school district complies with the law so long as they provide educational benefits that  must merely be  more than de minimis. De minimis  is a Latin phrase meaning  so minor as to merit disregard.  So Gorsuch essentially concluded that school districts comply with their obligation to disabled students so long as they provide those students with a little more than nothing.Gorsuch s decision was even too much for the hardline conservatives on the Supreme Court. Chief Justice John Roberts wrote the unanimous opinion, saying that the  de minimis  criteria is far too low.When all is said and done, a student offered an educational program providing  merely more than de minimis  progress from year to year can hardly be said to have been offered an education at all. For children with disabilities, receiving instruction that aims so low would be tantamount to  sitting idly . . . awaiting the time when they were old enough to  drop out. Source: Think ProgressWhile this certainly doesn t disqualify Gorsuch from the office (the fact that he s only under consideration because Republicans stole the seat is what disqualifies him), it is a problem for the Trump administration. Trump rightfully took a lot of heat for mocking a reporter with a disability while on the campaign trail. With the latest Supreme Court decision, that can of worms opened right back up in an already contentious nomination hearing.Featured image via Wikimedia.",0
2055," Trump Campaign Manager Busted In Another HUGE Lie, Worked For A Decade To ‘Benefit Putin Government’ (DETAILS)","More information about Donald Trump s Russian ties keeps coming out and now another shoe has dropped. According to the Associated Press, Paul Manafort, who served as Trump s campaign manager in 2016, spent about ten years working to  benefit  Vladimir Putin. His job? To make Putin not look like a murderous dictator.The AP reports:Manafort proposed in a confidential strategy plan as early as June 2005 that he would influence politics, business dealings and news coverage inside the United States, Europe and the former Soviet republics to benefit the Putin government, even as U.S.-Russia relations under Republican President George W. Bush grew worse. Manafort pitched the plans to Russian aluminum magnate Oleg Deripaska, a close Putin ally with whom Manafort eventually signed a $10 million annual contract beginning in 2006, according to interviews with several people familiar with payments to Manafort and business records obtained by the AP. Manafort and Deripaska maintained a business relationship until at least 2009, according to one person familiar with the work.Trump, his administration, and Manafort himself have spent months downplaying his involvement with Russia, even after he left the campaign because of his Russian ties. But it turns out that Manafort was apparently far closer to Putin than he ever let on.In a memo to Deripaska in 2005, Manafort wrote that we are now of the belief that this model can greatly benefit the Putin Government if employed at the correct levels with the appropriate commitment to success.  The effort, he explained, will be offering a great service that can re-focus, both internally and externally, the policies of the Putin government. Manafort responded with a statement that said his dealings with Deripaska are being unfairly painted as  inappropriate or nefarious  and insists this is all just part of a massive  smear campaign. I worked with Oleg Deripaska almost a decade ago representing him on business and personal matters in countries where he had investments,  Manafort said.  My work for Mr. Deripaska did not involve representing Russian political interests. This latest disclosure comes after FBI Director James Comey confirmed on Monday that the bureau is investigating not just Russia s interference in the U.S. election, but also the possibility that Trump colluded with them to sway the election.You can watch more on this story here, via MSNBC:Featured image via video screen capture",0
2056, Trump’s Rambling Speech About Abe Lincoln Is Like Watching A Car Crash In Slow Motion (VIDEO)," I m convinced that whenever Trump says  most people don t know,  it really means  I just learned.'  That was Chris Hayes s takeaway from watching Trump s flailing attempt to talk about Abraham Lincoln   a man he clearly knew nothing about. The fact that he was ignorant of one of America s most famous presidents was painfully obvious.An infamous bullshitter, Trump is either getting worse at it or we re getting better at spotting it.Trump was at a fundraiser for Republicans when he decided to share a little hidden gem about Abraham Lincoln that he assumed nobody knew: Lincoln was a Republican.For most people who graduated elementary school that is common knowledge. For Trump, it was a revelation. He was so impressed by it that he ordered Republicans to start paying to promote the fact. Great president. Most people don t even know he was a Republican. Right? Does anyone know? A lot of people don t know that. We have to build that up a little more. Naturally, even that statement was a lie. A recent Pew study found that over half of respondents knew that Lincoln was a Republican.Nevertheless, he instructed right-wing Political Action Committees to start buying television ads to inform the public that Abraham Lincoln was a Republican. The crowd politely laughed, unsure if it was a joke or not:The remainder of Trump s speech was equally insane. At one point, he noted a few rival real estate developers in the crowd and had an on-stage meltdown. He s President of the United States and still engaged in petty feuds with business tycoons that he views as his competitors. His unfiltered rant is like watching his brain go to war with itself. He knows he should be more dignified, less petty, but he just can t help it.This is, by far, my favorite bit from the president s speech tonight. pic.twitter.com/xDTMZy9zeI  Hunter Walker (@hunterw) March 22, 2017Truly unhinged behavior.Featured image via Twitter",0
2057, The Wall Street Journal Just Slammed Trump As A ‘Fake President’ For Lying So Much,"This is especially monumental since the Wall Street Journal is a conservative newspaper.Donald Trump is running out of supporters, and that includes his supporters within the media.The straw that appears to have broken the camel s back is Trump s accusation that President Obama wiretapped him during the 2016 Election. Of course, Trump offered zero evidence to back up his claim then and he still hasn t provided any now.But when FBI Director James Comey testified to Congress under oath that Trump s wiretapping accusation is complete bullshit, whatever shred of credibility Trump had left imploded in an instant and now some right-wing media outlets are backing away from him.Fox News began distancing themselves from Trump after he threw them under the bus because Sean Spicer repeated a claim that President Obama enlisted British intelligence to wiretap Trump, which was basd o a conspiracy theory offered up by Fox legal analyst Andrew Napolitano, who has since been refuted by the network and removed from all programming indefinitely.And now the Wall Street Journal appears to also be coming to their senses.In a piece published on Tuesday, the Journal slammed Trump for clinging to his lies about Obama like a drunk person clinging to an empty bottle. The President clings to his assertion like a drunk to an empty gin bottle, rolling out his press spokesman to make more dubious claims,  the Journal wrote.  Sean Spicer who doesn t deserve this treatment was dispatched last week to repeat an assertion by a Fox News commentator that perhaps the Obama Administration had subcontracted the wiretap to British intelligence. The Journal then pointed out that Trump did this all the time during the election and that he was able to get away with it at the time because his supporters did not care about the truth. As Trump said during the campaign, he could have murdered someone in broad daylight on the street and his supporters would have still voted for him.But Trump is in the White House now, and that means his usual tired rhetoric and outrageous accusations horrify more people than it amuses because the American people as a whole are watching. And most of them despise Trump and are terrified of what he will do next.Trump s credibility has imploded here and abroad as he has caused international incidents between us and some of our strongest allies. For instance, he insulted Great Britain and Germany in the week alone and has also insulted Mexico, Australia, and China. How is Trump going to convince other nations to support our foreign policies if he can t even get along with the nations we get along with the most? All of this continues the pattern from the campaign that Mr. Trump is his own worst political enemy,  the Journal continues.  He survived his many false claims as a candidate because his core supporters treated it as mere hyperbole and his opponent was untrustworthy Hillary Clinton. But now he s President, and he needs support beyond the Breitbart cheering section that will excuse anything. As he is learning with the health-care bill, Mr. Trump needs partners in his own party to pass his agenda. He also needs friends abroad who are willing to trust him when he asks for support, not least in a crisis. The Journal then concluded by calling attention to the fact that Trump s poll numbers are in the toilet and that Americans think he s a fraud. Two months into his Presidency, Gallup has Mr. Trump s approval rating at 39%. No doubt Mr. Trump considers that fake news, but if he doesn t show more respect for the truth most Americans may conclude he s a fake President. Frankly, it s too late for Trump to rebuild his credibility, assuming he had any to begin with. He refuses to admit he was wrong and refuses to apologize even when he is proven wrong beyond a shadow of a doubt. He has lied so much in just the first 60 days of his presidency that even Richard Nixon would be embarrassed.At this point, Trump needs to resign or he should be impeached. America cannot afford to put up with his lies any longer. He is going to cause an international incident someday that could get us all killed because he couldn t keep his big mouth shut. He s a disgrace to the nation and out Constitution and he must be stopped before he humiliates America worse than he has already.Featured image via Olivier Douliery   Pool/Getty Images",0
2058, Former Colorado GOP Leader Who Said Only Dems Commit Voter Fraud Charged With Voter Fraud,"Just last year before the 2016 presidential election, conservative radio host and former Colorado Republican chairman Steve Curtis said, It seems to me that virtually every case of voter fraud I can remember in my lifetime was committed by Democrats. The state s prosecutors on Tuesday accused Curtis, 57, of voter fraud for allegedly filling out and mailing in his ex-wife s 2016 ballot for president, KDVR reports.Curtis has been charged with one count of misdemeanor voter fraud and one count of forgery.The Washington Post reports:The case is the only voter fraud investigation related to the 2016 election that has resulted in criminal charges in the state, the Colorado secretary of state s office told Denver s ABC affiliate.Curtis has not entered a plea. If convicted, he could face more than a year of prison time and a $5,000 fine.Watch: His ex-wife, Kelly Curtis, said, I was livid over the whole situation, definitely. Curtis said that she left her husband after being married for just nine months. I didn t feel it was an equal partnership, I ll just leave it at that,  she said. It was demeaning and presumptuous, and I had no idea what would go on in someone s mind to cast my ballot for me illegally, actually to go to all the trouble to forge my ballot,  Ms. Curtis said.The forgery was discovered by Weld County prosecutors when Kelly Curtis called the county s Elections Office in October to ask how she could vote because she had just moved to South Carolina and explained that she was still registered to vote in Colorado. Kelly was told by an election worker that she had already voted by mail and the elections office already had her ballot. I was just completely stunned. I thought there had to be some kind of mistake,  Kelly Curtis said.In 2011, Steve Curtis oversaw the advisory board for the Denver Tea Party Patriots.While on the campaign trail, Donald Trump alleged that the election would be  rigged  and claimed that there was widespread voter fraud. Without offering evidence   just as with his recent wiretap claims   Trump said after the election that between 3 to 5 million votes were cast illegally. Trump said that to prove that he really won the popular vote (he did not win the popular vote).Following the election, it was found that the few who were charged with voter fraud, were in fact, Republican voters.As for Steve Curtis, he certainly excels at projection.Image via screen capture. ",0
2059, This Die Hard Trump Supporter Has Now Gone Full #NeverTrump (VIDEO),"Kraig Moss was a die hard Donald Trump supporter. He followed the then-GOP presidential candidate around the nation, playing his guitar and singing special songs he had written especially for Trump. He was well known in Trump supporter circles, due to his guitar decorated with Trump stickers and other campaign items. He became known as the  Trump Troubadour.  In the end, Moss had attended 45 Trump rallies. However, all of that has changed now.Moss tragically lost his son to a heroin overdose. He sincerely believes that if his family had had health insurance at the time of the overdose, his son might still be alive. That s why Moss no longer supports Trump: because of his pushing the new healthcare bill that is being trotted out by House Republicans. Moss knows how awful the bill is, and how many people it will rob of healthcare. Thanks to this fact, he no longer sings his Trump songs, and he no longer supports the president. Moss says of his turning on Trump: The bill is an absolute betrayal of what Trump represented on the campaign trail. I feel betrayed. The disastrous healthcare bill will result in terrible losses for addiction services. For Kraig Moss, this is personal. So, now, instead of promoting Trump, Moss held a fund raiser to help a drug rehabilitation facility, raising $3,000 in his son s name.Hopefully, more and more people begin to realize what a massive con Trump has managed to pull off, and he gets annihilated in four years if he isn t impeached first.Watch the video below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
2060, Neil deGrasse Tyson Just Went NUCLEAR On Twitter Against Trump’s Draconian Budget,"Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson is NOT a fan of Donald Trump and he sure as hell does NOT support the budget Trump is pushing.Trump s budget is the most draconian budget in modern times. In order to spend more money on defense that America does not need, Trump is slashing funding for just about everything else, including Meals on Wheels, PBS, healthcare, science, education, diplomacy, the Arts, etc The list goes on and on, and that makes Tyson very angry.Angry enough, in fact, that he took to Twitter and absolutely trashed Trump s budget in an epic rant.The fastest way to Make a America Weak Again: Cut science funds to our agencies that support it.  Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) March 19, 2017The fastest way to Make America Sick Again: Cut funding to the National Institutes of Health  Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) March 19, 2017The fastest way to Make America Stupid: Cut funds to programs that support education.  Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) March 19, 2017The fastest way to thwart Earth s life-support systems for us all: Turn EPA into EDA   the Environmental Destruction Agency.  Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) March 19, 2017The fastest way to melt glaciers & flood the World s coastal cities: Ignore scientists and do nothing to stem the rise of CO2  Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) March 19, 2017We can all imagine a land that provides no support for Art. But is that a place you d want to Live? To Visit? To Play?  Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) March 19, 2017The very best way to support and feed your delusions: Surround yourself with people whose world views match yours exactly.  Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) March 19, 2017We all want to Make America Great Again. But that won t happen until we first Make America Smart Again.  Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) March 19, 2017If and when Donald Trump becomes aware that a guy light years smarter than him just eviscerated his budget proposals, he ll likely blow a gasket and throw a massive temper tantrum.But Tyson is right to blast Trump and his worthless budget. It s harmful to America and the American people. It goes against the values we hold so dear and puts this country on the path irrelevance. Trump has made America a laughingstock around the world and it will only get worse if his budget is allowed to pass.America should listening to people like Tyson, not a fool like Trump.Here s the video:",0
2061, Cowardly GOP Rep. Files Police Complaint Against SENIORS Because He’s TERRIFIED Of Dissent,"Republican members of Congress, who love claiming that they re the only party that stands for real Americans, are now terrified of their own constituents. This is happening for one simple reason   they never expected their own constituents to be angry with what they re doing on Capitol Hill. So instead of facing the music and admitting that the entire GOP platform is something Americans don t want, they re running scared.Such is the case with Idaho representative Raul Labrador. His office had the audacity to file a complaint against a group of people made up primarily of senior citizens because they were showing up at his office in Lewiston on a weekly basis to voice their displeasure with him and the GOP. Labrador obviously considers this a threat, and perhaps, if they d threatened violence it would be.But that s not what s happening. Chris Ankeny, the chief of police in Lewiston, the Idaho town where this is taking place, says these people were protesting in front of Labrador s offices and that no crimes had been committed. Employees are uncomfortable with them because of the national attention this group had garnered, not because of credible (or even in-credible) threats.Labrador s office contacted the D.C. Capitol Police over this because that force has jurisdiction over U.S. Congresspeople s offices in addition to Capitol Hill. They did so because they felt the Lewiston department wasn t doing anything. The thing is, a good police department won t do anything when they confirm that there s no crime happening (including threats). So what this is is an office full of people who can t handle dissent.The worst part is that this group has so many seniors, and Labrador won t hear them. These are people who may be worried about cuts to programs they depend on, including Medicare and Meals on Wheels. Others living in and around Lewiston are worried about climate change and clean energy. They say Labrador s absence from his offices is a sign of cowardice, and they re not wrong. He is a coward.Many Republicans have run away and hidden from their constituents lately because they can t tolerate the fact that their constituents  concerns run counter to the GOP s platform. They re too used to putting party above country. Maybe this is uncharted territory for them, but shouldn t these guys, who work for the very people they re pissing off, actually stop to listen?Or are they not what they ve been trying to sell to us?It s really disgusting that Labrador s office feels so threatened by non-violent, non-threatening protests from senior citizens that they ve had to file a complaint.Featured image by Gage Skidmore. Licensed under CC BY-SA 2.0 via Flickr",0
2062, Trump Sends Lawyers After 17-Year-Old Girl Over Website Where Kittens Scratch Him,"What happens when a thin-skinned bully becomes President? Apparently, he will even threaten children who hurt his precious little fee-fees.A 17-year-old girl known only as Lucy from San Fransisco created a cute website for her resume that featured kittens punching Donald Trump. Lucy created  TrumpScratch.com  as a  fun little  project. It s pretty simple   users click on The Donald s face to punch him with tiny kitten paws.But her project, which was intended for fun, caused Lucy to fall into a legal nightmare because at his core, Donald Trump is nothing more than a schoolyard bully who can t deal with any form of criticism whatsoever.After the website was live for three weeks, Lucy received a cease and desist letter from Trump s general counsel.The letter calls Trump a  well-known businessman  and informs Lucy that As I m sure you re aware, the Trump name is internationally known and famous. And, of course, as a public figure he opens himself up to criticism   even if it is in the form of a kitten-themed website it took a high school girl three hours to code. I was going to just let this go, but I think it s, pardon my French, fucking outrageous that the president of the United States has his team scouring the internet for sites like mine to send out cease and desists and legal action claims if we don t shut down,  Lucy told the Observer.  Meanwhile, he tweets about The Apprentice ratings and sends out power-drunk tweets about phone tapping. HOW ABOUT BEING THE PRESIDENT? She changed the website to KittenFeed.com, but says  they still came at me. It s so sad that his administration is focused more on being liked, burying real news and taking down sites like mine as they supposedly make him look bad,  she says.You can view her masterpiece here.Featured image via screengrab",0
2063, American Spring Breakers Chant Trump’s ‘Build That Wall!’ While IN MEXICO,"While a group of Americans were vacationing in Cancun, Mexico for Spring break, they broke out in chants of  Build that wall!  earlier this month and even though there were complaints, they refused to stop, the Atlanta Journal Constitution reports.A Mexican newspaper, The Yucatan Times, blasted the group in an editorial Friday, calling the students  behavior while on a ship  unacceptable.  The paper said this is not an isolated incident from young spring breakers and noted that there have been other  acts of xenophobia and discrimination against Mexicans within their own country. The paper wrote that  in recent days many Spring Breakers have been offensive, rude and haughty towards Mexican people. According to witnesses, the  Build that wall  chant grew increasingly louder. In the face of such stupidity, one doesn t know how to immediately react,  one woman who was on the boat with her husband and witnessed the incident wrote on Facebook.  We were stunned. The whole thing seemed implausible. I have always been tolerant of the countries of the world and I have wanted to believe that human stupidity and ignorance   is characteristic of a small group of people,  Anaximandro Amable wrote.  But there are things with which one cannot be tolerant, such as discourse that incites hatred. The paper adds that  This situation is far from being an isolated incident, and it adds to the growing number of complaints from tourism sector workers. While Trump was on the campaign trail his crowd of supporters routinely broke out in  Build the wall  chants.In 2015, Trump said, I would build a great wall, and nobody builds walls better than me, believe me. I will build a great, great wall on our southern border. And I will have Mexico pay for that wall. And now, Mexico is not paying for the wall. We, the taxpayers, are.Hey Trump supporters, if you guys could quit embarrassing the rest of us, that d be great. Thanks.Image via screen capture. ",0
2064, Nixon’s Counsel During Watergate CALLS OUT Trump Administration: They’re ‘In Cover-Up Mode’,"The man who served as White House Counsel to former President Richard Nixon during Watergate (and ended up facing charges for helping to it cover up) is weighing in on Donald Trump s ongoing scandal with Russia. His opinion? Trump s administration is  in cover-up mode. John Dean sat down for an interview with MSNBC s Chris Hayes on Monday night and his summation of Trump s current situation was clear when Hayes asked about Trump s shady ties to Russia and his bogus wiretapping claims. In fact [the White House] is in cover-up mode,  Dean replied.On Monday, FBI Director James Comey testified before the House Intelligence Committee and he confirmed that the bureau is indeed investigating Russia s interference in the 2016 election. He also said that the FBI is investigating the possibility that Trump and his campaign colluded with Russia.In addition, Comey said during the hearing that the Justice Department has absolutely no evidence to support Trump s claim that former President Obama had the phones at Trump Tower tapped.According to Dean, Trump s desperate attempts to distance himself from Comey s testimony is highly suggestive of a  cover- up. There s just never been any question in my mind about that. I ve been inside a cover-up. I know how they look and feel. And every signal they re sending is:  We re covering this thing up,'  Dean said. Experienced investigators know this. They know how people react when they re being pursued, and this White House is not showing their innocence, they re showing how damn guilty they are, is what we re seeing. During the Watergate scandal, Dean ended up charged with obstruction of justice. Trump, he said, is well on his way to committing the same crime. There s also the question of whether this White House will obstruct, essentially, an investigation. You now have the head of the FBI with a target painted on its back, the front-line investigators with targets painted on their backs; you have a U.S. attorney the president said he was going to retain who has been summarily fired in Preet Bharara, and it strikes me that there is in some ways a kind of obstruction land mine   that the entirety of the White House now has to tip-toe through,  Dean said.Trump had personally promised Bharara that he would be keeping his job, then last week he changed his mind and fired him without warning. Bharara just happened to be investigating Trump s Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price (among other things), but of course, this had absolutely nothing to do with Trump suddenly deciding to give him the boot. (Insert sarcasm here.)Trump s Russia problem isn t going away anytime soon. Like with Watergate, it is just a matter of time until the truth comes out and Trump s dirty deeds blow up in his face.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2065," Lindsey Graham Just Went ROGUE, Threatened To IMPEACH Trump (VIDEO)","We re only two months into Trump s failing presidency, and even the Republican Party wants nothing more than to see the end of it. What s even more surprising, is that many of the party s most prominent members are doing very little to hide their feelings and disappointment.Earlier today, Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) took the opportunity to grill Trump s Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch during his confirmation hearing. Graham has been a major critic of Trump since his presidential campaign, and he made sure to insult Trump on his stance on torture practices while questioning Gorsuch. Sending a warning to Trump about his stance on waterboarding in particular, Graham said to Gorsuch: You have said several times he is not above the law. So if we have laws on the book that prevent waterboarding  do you agree with me that the Detainee Treatment Act prevents waterboarding? Under the Detainee Treatment Act, waterboarding is illegal   and yet, Trump has blatantly stated during his campaign that he doesn t believe waterboarding is a torture method. He has previously said in several different interviews that waterboarding  absolutely  works and claims it is  just short of torture. Graham then followed his question to Gorsuch up with this statement, which sounded much like a promise and a threat to Trump: In case President Trump is watching   if you start waterboarding, you may be impeached. Gorsuch s response made it perfectly clear that he was in agreement with Graham. He said: Senator, the impeachment power belongs to this body. No man is above the law. You can watch Graham send this shocking message to Trump below:There have never been more reasons to impeach a president, and now even Republicans are beginning to recognize that this man does not belong in the White House.Featured image via screenshot",0
2066," Trump Has A Really, REALLY Disturbing Bedtime Ritual, It Will DISGUST You (DETAILS)","Donald Trump s two month old presidency has been so disastrous, the only things we know he s doing (besides working to strip health care from millions of Americans and humiliating the country) is play golf and watch television. A LOT of television.Pretty much everything Trump has tweeted or referred to in interviews has been influenced by something he watched on TV   Fox News in particular. Trump s obsession with cable news and the way he s being portrayed is an all-consuming hobby for the narcissistic POTUS, and he s taken it to a truly disturbing level.Apparently, according go New York Magazine reporter Gabriel Sherman, Trump records news shows all throughout the day so he can watch how different networks have covered him right before he goes to bed. He does this every single night! In an appearance on Slate s Trump podcast, Sherman said: People in Trump world say basically a lot of Fox. But the other thing he does, from a source close to the White House told me that he does DVR basically all of the cable news. It s kind of remarkable when you think about it, that someone would actually want to watch cable news on recording. Donald Trump, apparently he does. And when he goes back up to the residence at the end of the day, I ve been told does spend a lot of time flipping through cable networks, including CNN, and catching up on the way that he s been covered. This is a man whose validation is cemented by how the media covers him. So he sort of obsessively monitors his media coverage. So basically, Trump s unhealthy obsession with television is just another way that he caters to his monstrous ego. This makes perfect sense, especially since Sherman stated that Trump s primary source of live information  was Fox News, one of the only networks that routinely speaks of him favorably. It would be nice if, for a change, Trump would stop watching television (especially the highly inaccurate Fox News) and actually do his job for once.Featured image is a screenshot",0
2067, BUSTED: Republican Conspired With Aide To Label Angry Constituents ‘Un-American’ For Booing Him,"A Michigan Republican may have literally guaranteed that he won t get another term in Congress.Republicans across the country have been cowardly avoiding holding town hall events because thousands of their angry constituents have been showing up to protest their effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act, a move that would strip healthcare away from millions of Americans and drive up the price of healthcare beyond what many can afford.And that s exactly what happened on Saturday in Michigan when Rep. David Trott actually had the balls to show his face to his constituents in the 11th district he supposedly represents.However, things went spectacularly wrong for Trott from the beginning as the 1,000 people in attendance were not amused by his defense of the repeal effort. The crowd booed him and chanted,  Vote him out!  Things got even worse when Trott lied by claiming that the United States military is  the weakest it s ever been. In fact, our military is the most funded military on the planet. It could be cut in half and still be the most well-funded military on Earth. Claiming that our military is weak is not only a lie, it s an insult to every American who currently wears the uniform.But in response to being booed off the stage, Trott dug the hole deeper by getting caught on a hot mic conspiring with one of his aides to portray his own constituents as  un-American. We re going to take that part where they re booing funding the military and I m going to get somebody to write a story and we re going to promote the sh*t out of that,  an aide told Trott behind closed doors.  It s un-American crap. Here s the video via YouTube: That s right. A Republican congressman is literally going to get someone to write a cheap propaganda story for him so he can accuse his own constituents of hating the military and portray them as  un-American  in retaliation against them for booing him and his lies.Forget waiting until the next election, Trott should be forced to resign in disgrace right now for what his aide just said about his own constituents.Featured image via screenshot",0
2068," Fox & Friends Ignores FBI Director’s Trump Bombshell, And Jake Tapper CALLS THEM OUT","Fox & Friends continues to embarrass themselves in defense of Donald Trump, and CNN host Jake Tapper took them to task for it.On Monday, FBI Director James Comey testified under oath on Capitol Hill that Trump s accusation that President Obama wiretapped him is totally false and that Trump is under investigation for colluding with Russia during the 2016 Election.Trump s credibility was completely destroyed and his Russia scandal only deepened.But Fox & Friends downplayed Comey s damning testimony by claiming that Americans  didn t miss much  and posted a video on Twitter featuring 25 seconds of footage of Comey telling lawmakers that he can t answer their question. The footage included absolutely no context and completely left out Comey s confirmation that Trump slandered President Obama and his confirmation that Trump is being investigated by the FBI.If you missed yesterday s congressional hearing with FBI Dir. James Comey, you didn t miss much  pic.twitter.com/AnJdtWcGxK  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) March 21, 2017CNN anchor Jake Tapper was not amused and soon responded by informing Fox News that Comey s testimony was  quite consequential. False. Quite consequential. FBI confirmed it is investigating whether Trump campaign coordinated with Russia. https://t.co/ROcDGl4weP  Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) March 21, 2017Other Twitter users also barraged Fox & Friends with sharp criticism for ignoring the bombshell testimony.@foxandfriends Pretty sure he answered a couple of important questions. You can bury the lede deep, but we ll still find it. Tick, tock.  Mike Mass  (@mikemasse) March 21, 2017@foxandfriends Maybe you missed it, but we didn t.  Maria Langer ? (@mlanger) March 21, 2017MT @foxandfriends If you missed yesterday s Fox & Friends, you didn t miss much  pic.twitter.com/Nhd7DyAWzo  Stephen Miller (@redsteeze) March 21, 2017.@foxandfriends except for that little part where they re investigating the Trump campaign for collusion with Russia which would be treason  Victor Huckabee (@popesaintvictor) March 21, 2017@foxandfriends This is pathetic, even for you.  Seth Grahame-Smith (@sethgs) March 21, 2017@foxandfriends I see we ve reached the rimming period of your ass kissing.  Brian Scully (@brianscully) March 21, 2017After being called a  partisan correspondent,  Tapper responded by reminding everyone that facts are not partisan.@devansADR facts aren t partisan. Any FBI director confirming this investigation in open hearing is huge news.  Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) March 21, 2017Fox & Friends demonstrated once again that they are nothing more than Trump s personal propaganda team. They have zero credibility and every single one of them should removed from the air like Andrew Napolitano was after he lied in defense of Trump.Featured image via screenshot",0
2069, WATCH: Morning Joe Hosts Urge Republicans To Abandon Trump After FBI Director Comey’s Testimony,"If Republicans listen to this sage advice, Donald Trump would be a lame duck president before completing his first 100 days.In stunning testimony to Congress on Monday, FBI Director James Comey confirmed that Donald Trump lied when he accused President Obama of wiretapping him.For more than two weeks, Trump has been desperately trying to make his accusations against President Obama stick, but has repeatedly failed to provide evidence to support his claims.That culminated in Comey s testimony under oath in which it was revealed that Trump is full of shit and he is being investigated for colluding with Russia during the 2016 Election.Apparently, the investigation has been ongoing for months, which means Trump s Russia scandal just got a whole lot worse, especially for Republicans who continue to defend him.Comey s testimony was aired on national television and was seen by millions of Americans.At a time when Trump s poll numbers are in the toilet, one would think that Republicans would abandon his sinking ship before they drown with him. But so far, Republicans are stubbornly standing by him because they don t want to lose their rubber stamp in the White House.Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski, however, are urging Republicans to run away from Trump or face serious consequences in 2018 when the midterm elections roll around and give Americans their first chance to tell Trump and his Republican allies to go f*ck themselves. Republicans have to understand right now, if this continues, and this is awfully early to say this, but if this continues, at least in the House, and there were a lot of Senate seats, they are going to be shocked on Election Night if they don t take care of themselves,  Scarborough predicted. If the Republican Party doesn t start taking care of itself and stop making fools of themselves for a guy who is going to keep tweeting lies and nonsense   they can t chase that around,  Scarborough continued.  They can t defend the indefensible. Here s the video via YouTube: If Republicans continue to pretend that Trump is not a threat to our nation there will be hell to pay. Millions of Trump voters are experiencing buyer s remorse right now and millions of voters who sat out in 2016 are itching to make up for that mistake in 2018 and 2020. But regardless of what Republicans in the House and Senate do, they should be ousted from office anyway. They had a chance to prevent Trump from ever becoming president and put their greed and lust for power above the security and well-being of the nation. They betrayed the United States by turning a blind eye to Trump s associations with Russia and Vladimir Putin and they continue to betray our country now. Republicans should abandon Trump to save their souls, not their jobs.Featured image screenshot",0
2070, Trump’s Terrible Monday Has A Major Historian Suggesting That Treason Hangs Over His Administration,"Donald Trump must be forced to resign or be impeached, because this is really bad.On Monday, Trump s delusional alternate reality was shattered into a million tiny pieces when FBI Director James Comey shot down his accusation that President Obama wiretapped him AND revealed that Trump is under investigation for possible collusion with Russia during the 2016 Election.As Comey spoke, one can only imagine that Trump was throwing a massive hissy fit as his wall of lies crumbled all around him and on live television no less.And we all know how much Trump hates being humiliated on national television. His rants about Saturday Night Live have demonstrated that perfectly.The American people had a front row seat as Trump s credibility was flushed down the toilet into the very swamp he claimed he would drain.Trump is only 60 days into his presidency and he is already an unprecedented failure.Presidential historian Douglas Brinkley s evaluation of Trump s crash and burn is damning and only makes it clear that Trump will be the biggest loser in presidential history.Usually, historians avoid using the word  treason  when they evaluate a president, but Trump s case is so far beyond the pale that Brinkley pretty much had no choice.The fact that Trump is under investigation by the FBI right now and has been for months is absolutely astounding. There s a smell of treason in the air,  Brinkley told the Washington Post.  Imagine if J. Edgar Hoover or any other FBI director would have testified against a sitting president? It would have been a mind- boggling event. Indeed, even Richard Nixon didn t suffer such an embarrassment during his presidency despite being the only president who has resigned the office in disgrace. At this rate, Trump is on pace to become the first to ever be ousted via impeachment. This is the most failed first 100 days of any president,  Brinkley continued.Again, Trump still has 40 days to go before his first 100 days are completed. Yet he is already plagued by scandals and the American people despise him. To be as low as he is in the polls, in the 30s, while the FBI director is on television saying they launched an investigation into your ties with Russia, I don t know how it can get much worse,  Brinkley concluded.But it will get worse, especially as Trump s policies begin to take their toll on our nation. The GOP healthcare bill that Trump thinks is  wonderful  is set to strip health insurance from tens of millions of Americans while causing the price of healthcare to skyrocket.Trump is gutting environmental protections, education, workplace regulations, food aid programs, the State Department, the United Nations, and just about anything else that helps or improves the lives of Americans, all while seeking huge tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy.And it s all to fund his useless border wall and an increase in spending to a military that he uses irresponsibly.Trump has also strained relations with China, Australia, Mexico, Germany, and Great Britain as international tensions rise.Clearly, it can get worse, and it likely will continue to do so until Republicans in Congress finally recognize that Trump is a threat to our republic and our survival as a nation.Featured Image: Capitol Hill Blue ",0
2071, WATCH: Alec Baldwin Teaching A Young Fan How To Impersonate Trump Is The Best Thing Ever,"No one gets under alleged president Donald Trump s skin more than Alec Baldwin. Well, possibly with the exception of Sesame Street. During the premiere of Baldwin s new film  Boss Baby,  a young fan had an interaction with the actor whose acclaimed parody of Donald Trump on Saturday Night Live has entertained the masses.A video shows Baldwin teaching the child how to impersonate Trump. Fantastic, so fantastic,  Baldwin says while imitating Trump s hand gestures. Baldwin shared some of Trump s phrases and gestures with the young boy while the child gave it a try.  You got it!  Baldwin can be heard saying.Watch:.@AlecBaldwin teaches a young kid how to properly do a @realDonaldTrump impersonation #BossBaby premiere pic.twitter.com/v8On6ZMxYt  Joanna Preston (@JoPrestonTV) March 20, 2017 Saturday Night Live  is enjoying its best ratings in decades thanks in part to Alec Baldwin and Melissa McCarthy, the latter of which does a dead-on impersonation of White House press secretary Sean Spicer.As much fun as one might think it would be to tick off the thin-skinned amateur president, Baldwin admitted in February that it s not. Playing him is not a lot of fun because he s tense, he s angry, he s pissed off, and that s not always fun to play,  Baldwin told  Extra  correspondent Hilaria Baldwin, who is Alec s wife, on the set of  SNL,  AOL reported.Still yet, Baldwin s impersonation has gotten quite a lot of feedback from Trump.In January, Trump tweeted,  @NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television! .@NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 15, 2017In early December, Trump called the show  unwatchable.   Just tried watching Saturday Night Live   unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can t get any worse. Sad,  he tweeted.Just tried watching Saturday Night Live   unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can t get any worse. Sad  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 4, 2016And yet, Trump can t stop watching the show. We hope the young boy grows up to do incredible impersonations of Trump after the impeachment in which the alleged president will inevitably say,  I am not a crook! Gosh, we hope this kid doesn t have a Twitter account. Donald Trump is not a nice person.Image via screen capture. ",0
2072, Karma Finds Hypocrite Kellyanne Conway And Humiliates Her After FBI Says They’re Investigating Trump,"What goes around finally came around to bite Kellyanne Conway on the ass.In October, Trump s then-campaign manager and current White House counselor posted a message on Twitter aimed at Hillary Clinton.Conway mocked Clinton by writing that honest people are not investigated by the FBI.Most honest people I know are not under FBI investigation, let alone two. https://t.co/UcSmSA5aTj  Kellyanne Conway (@KellyannePolls) October 29, 2016At the time, the tweet was criticized because Trump was in the middle of being slammed by women across the country for saying that he grabs women by the genitalia without their consent. However, the tweet really didn t gain much, if any, media coverage.But that has all changed.In light of FBI Director James Comey telling Congress that Trump has been under investigation for colluding with Russia during the 2016 Election, Twitter users were quick to use Conway s tweet against her to point out how big of a hypocrite she is, demonstrating once again that Trump and his team really should watch what they say on social media because their words can come back to haunt them..@KellyannePolls well this tweet certainly hasn t aged well ???  Jordan (@jordansdiamonds) March 20, 2017@KellyannePolls LOL  Chris Mandle (@chris_mandle) March 20, 2017.@KellyannePolls HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA YOU HAUNTED PUPPET HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAH WITH YOUR HYPOCRITE ASS  BROAZAY  (@broazay) March 20, 2017@KellyannePolls well this is awkward  abdul ? (@Advil) March 20, 2017Life comes at you fast, right @KellyannePolls? #TrumpRussia https://t.co/ZVd5C3Qb34  Cole Ledford (@ColeLedford11) March 20, 2017Indeed RT @KellyannePolls  Most honest people I know are not under FBI investigation  https://t.co/lWJuoMI72u  Michael E. Mann (@MichaelEMann) March 21, 2017.@KellyannePolls Karma is a bitch.  Rahul Sood (@rahulsood) March 20, 2017@KellyannePolls @FoxNews only dishonest people are under FBI investigation  Leo (@mesayleo) March 20, 2017WELL ISN T THIS JUST DELICIOUS!? LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO @KellyannePolls https://t.co/ltWI4kBldT  Ba vo Ratatouille (@T_dot_Lee_PhD) March 20, 2017@KellyannePolls We see ya! .@KellyannePolls pic.twitter.com/vxuuWTGJmL  Resist4Humanity (@deejay90192) March 20, 2017.@KellyannePolls Hey girl! Just wanted to remind you of this tweet! We just found the one instance where you didn t lie!!  Rachel Quaintance (@Rkaycue) March 20, 2017. @KellyannePolls pic.twitter.com/VwJbqiDV7A  hawkize (@Hawkize) March 20, 2017.@KellyannePolls well, @realdonaldtrump is under investigation AS CONFIRMED TODAY by Comey. Care to change this tweet now?  Ahava Feldman (@AhavaFeldman1) March 20, 2017Donald Trump and his entire administration is illegitimate and they should all resign in disgrace.Featured image via Yana Paskova/Getty Images",0
2073, Trump Has Planted Spies To Ensure His Cabinet’s Loyalty – What He’s Calling Them Is TERRIFYING,"It s hard not to wonder just how paranoid and/or dictatorial Trump really is. One would think that, since he s the one appointing his cabinet, that he d be able to trust those secretaries to do their jobs according to how he wants them done. Apparently, though, that s not the case. Trump is so ridiculous that he s appointed many White House aides whose jobs are specifically to spy on the cabinet secretaries.All of these people have the title of  senior White House adviser,  and their offices are very close to their secretaries  offices. The point literally seems to be ensuring the cabinet secretaries  loyalty to Trump, seeing as how they report to the Office of Cabinet Affairs and not to the secretaries.But that s not all. That would be bad enough, but the White House has names for some of them that aren t  senior White House adviser.  For instance, the officer who s spying on General Mattis over at the Department of Defense is literally called  the commissar.  That s a reference to Soviet-era Communist Party officials whose task was just to ensure their commanders  loyalty.These people are embedded in every agency from the Departments of Defense and Health and Human Services to the EPA, even to NASA. They are in constant contact with the White House.Obama, Bush and Clinton did not use this kind of spy method to ensure their cabinets did exactly as they were told.And that s nuts. But one former Trump adviser actually thinks this is smart, which just illustrates the level of paranoia and authoritarianism that has existed inside Trump s circles even before he was elected: Especially when you re starting a government and you have a changeover of parties when policies are going to be dramatically different, I think it s something that s smart. Somebody needs to be there as the White House s man on the scene. Because there s no senior staff yet, they re functioning as the White House s voice and ears in these departments. We guess the secretaries themselves just aren t good enough.The funny thing is that the Trump administration is all up in arms about  the deep state,  and the alleged  shadow government  that Obama s supposedly running to oppose Trump. Yet, they re creating their own shadow government with these  advisers  who are supposed to spy on leaders to make sure they remain properly loyal.If Trump can t trust even his own appointees to be loyal without spies like this, then he has no business running the U.S. government. But we already knew that, and this is just the latest thing to prove that Trump is trying to position himself as Supreme Overlord of the United States, or something.Featured image by Andrea Morales via Getty Images",0
2074, Fox News Finally Fired An Analyst For Going TOO FAR With Lies Defending Trump,"Donald Trump just lost another one of his propagandists thanks to Fox News.Last week, Andrew Napolitano opened his big mouth and threw gasoline on a raging fire by claiming that President Obama enlisted British Intelligence agency GCHQ to wiretap Trump.Napolitano s desperate claim came after Trump and his team repeatedly were unable to produce any evidence that President Obama ordered such a wiretap.Rather than vet the claim, White House mouthpiece Sean Spicer repeated it to the press and a firestorm ensued as GCHQ issued a rare statement refuting the accusation. Thus, Napolitano helped create an international incident between the United States and one of our oldest allies.But when asked about the accusation during a press conference, Trump threw Fox News under the bus by blaming them directly instead of taking personal responsibility for repeating an accusation made by a pundit. We said nothing,  Trump said.  All we did was quote a certain very talented legal mind who was the one responsible for saying that on television. That was a statement made by a very talented lawyer on Fox. So you shouldn t be talking to me, you should be talking to Fox. Fox News immediately scrambled to refute Napolitano. Fox News cannot confirm Judge Napolitano s commentary,  Fox anchor Shep Smith said.  Fox News knows of no evidence of any kind that the now-President of the United States was surveilled at any time in any way. Full stop. Fox anchor Bret Baier soon followed. We love the judge, we love him here at Fox, but the Fox News division was never able to back up those claims and was never reported on this show,  Baier said.And now that FBI Director James Comey has put the nail in the coffin of Trump s wiretapping accusation, Fox News has moved to punish Napolitano.According to the Los Angeles Times, Fox News has removed Napolitano from their programming indefinitely. People familiar with the situation who could speak only on the condition of anonymity said Napolitano is not expected to be on Fox News Channel any time in the near future,  the Times reported.Indeed, it appears that Napolitano really has been yanked off the air. After all, Monday has been a heavy legal news day considering Trump is being investigated by the FBI and Neil Gorsuch is being grilled on Capitol Hill. It s heaven for legal analysts but Napolitano didn t provide any analysis for Fox News. That s because instead of being an objective analyst, Napolitano chose to support Trump by tossing out unverified claims even though he damn well knew that Trump s accusation was a lie in the first place.Napolitano s credibility is now in shambles just like Trump s. The only difference is that while Napolitano has been removed from his job, Trump continues to remain in the White House.Featured image via screenshot",0
2075," FBI Investigating Russian Connections To Far-Right Websites Including Breitbart, Infowars, Etc. (DETAILS)","With the 2016 election over, many questions still remain as to its outcome and if it is to be considered legitimate. As of now, the FBI and other intelligence agencies are still looking into Russian involvement in our democratic process and how the foreign power may have played a role in influencing the election results.One of the ways Russia may have influenced the election may have been through bots that spread far right-wing media stories throughout social media.According to McClatchy: Federal investigators are examining whether far-right news sites played any role last year in a Russian cyber operation that dramatically widened the reach of news stories   some fictional   that favored Donald Trump s presidential bid, two people familiar with the inquiry say.Operatives for Russia appear to have strategically timed the computer commands, known as  bots,  to blitz social media with links to the pro-Trump stories at times when the billionaire businessman was on the defensive in his race against Democrat Hillary Clinton, these sources said. Further: The bots  end products were largely millions of Twitter and Facebook posts carrying links to stories on conservative internet sites such as Breitbart News and InfoWars, as well as on the Kremlin-backed RT News and Sputnik News, the sources said. Some of the stories were false or mixed fact and fiction, said the sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the bot attacks are part of an FBI-led investigation into a multifaceted Russian operation to influence last year s elections.Investigators examining the bot attacks are exploring whether the far-right news operations took any actions to assist Russia s operatives. Their participation, however, wasn t necessary for the bots to amplify their news through Twitter and Facebook. This past election cycle, the far-right in particular waged a war of disinformation like one that really hasn t been seen before. It didn t matter if a story wasn t real, if it was anti-Hillary or pro-Trump it went out fast and spread like wildfire. Not only were the stories mass created, but they were also seemingly consumed by readers at an alarming rate.McClatchy reports: As for the bots, they carried links not only to news stories but also to Democratic emails posted on WikiLeaks, especially those hacked from Podesta and made public in October, said Philip Howard, a professor at the Oxford University Internet Institute who has researched the bot attacks. Study of bot-generated Twitter traffic during last fall s Trump-Clinton campaign debates showed that bot messages favorable to Trump significantly outnumbered those sympathetic to Clinton. Hopefully federal investigators get to the bottom of what is happening on the far-right internet to affect the outcome of elections. If there is a connection to Russia, not only would that be huge news, but it would confirm long-held suspicions by many on the left in regards to the disinformation campaign that s been going on for years by the right.Russia is clearly trying to insert itself for its own benefit into elections and policy around the globe. It needs to be stopped, and it needs to be stopped now.Featured Photo by Marianna Massey/Getty Images",0
2076, Spicer Says Trump Can Golf But Obama Shouldn’t Have For This Ridiculously BS Reason (VIDEO),"Trump spent the weekend golfing in Florida. By low estimates, this is Trump s 6th golf vacation of his presidency. By higher estimates, this is his eleventh. He s been in office for just two months. Why is there discrepancies? Because Trump and his staff have repeatedly lied about his golfing outings. In one egregious example, staffers said he dropped by the golf course to merely chat with friends   then a pro golfer tweeted that he had just finished up a game with Trump. Oops. The White House simply will not be straight about Trump s obsession with golf.And they have every reason to be worried. Trump s vacations are costing American taxpayers millions of dollars per weekend. And while he hits the links, his administration tries to cut spending on things like after school food programs for hungry kids and Meals on Wheels for struggling seniors.It s also a reminder that Trump is a massive hypocrite. During Obama s tenure, Trump repeatedly attacked the president for using his scant vacation days to golf. Trump s Twitter history is an endless parade of hostile tweets directed at Obama:Can you believe that,with all of the problems and difficulties facing the U.S., President Obama spent the day playing golf.Worse than Carter  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 14, 2014President Obama played golf yesterday???  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 18, 2013During his campaign, Trump vowed to never take a vacation and to never leave the White House. Instead, he s taken six weekend vacations and spends nearly all of his time at his Mar-a-Lago resort   a business still owned by himself and which recently jacked up its membership fees to reflect the fact that joining now means getting the chance to rub elbows with the president.All of this to say it was more than a little ridiculous for Sean Spicer to even attempt to defend his boss s hypocrisy on this front. Trump is so clearly breaking his promises that even a shameless flack like Spicer had to feel a twinge of embarrassment for these whoppers. Nevertheless, here we are:REPORTER: In his first eight weeks in office, President Trump has made at least 10 trips to the golf course. He regularly used to criticize President Obama for spending time on the golf course, how is his golf game any different? SPICER: Well, I think two things. One is you saw him utilize this as an opportunity with [Japanese] Prime Minister Abe to, um, help foster deeper relationships in Asia and have a growing relationship that s going to help U.S. interests. How you use the game of golf is something that he s talked about. Secondly, he had a mini-Cabinet meeting the other day down in his club in Virginia and I remember so many people jumping to the conclusion that he s going down and playing golf. Just because you go somewhere doesn t necessarily mean you did it.All of what Spicer just said is unfettered garbage. For starters, President Obama frequently used his time playing golf to conduct official business, including one time inviting the Malaysian Prime Minister to a round to   you guessed it  help foster deeper relationships in Asia. Obama was able to accomplish that without spending every single weekend of his presidency playing golf.As to Spicer s second point: His example of Trump s  mini-cabinet meeting  in Virginia is an awkward one. If Trump wasn t golfing there, why was he there at all? Why move all of his staff down to a Virginia golf course that he owns just to hold a meeting he could have had at the White House? Perhaps because, as with Mar-a-Lago, Trump still owns that business and forcing the entire White House to attend a meeting there is a financial boon to Trump s own bank account. Spicer s hamfisted attempt to defend Trump s golfing actually makes him look more corrupt.Featured image via YouTube",0
2077, Ivanka Trump Just ACTUALLY Became Our New First Lady,"If you ve been joking that Ivanka Trump would make a perfect First Lady (given Trump s numerous remarks through the years about how he wants to yeah), prepare to have your goddamn mind blown.Ivanka Trump won t be receiving a salary, but she will be getting her own West Wing office, government-issued communications devices, and security clearance (yes, the jokes kinda write themselves).In the past, The Donald has described Ivanka as  voluptuous  and a  piece of ass  who has  the best body.  He has also, as we re sure you aware, said that perhaps [he d] be dating her  if she wasn t his daughter. He also famously talked about how he kisses her as often as possible in comments so creepy the Dr. Oz show was forced to edit them out. To add to the hilarious nature of this new situation, these photos exist:Ew. Are there any pictures of Donald Trump and Ivanka that aren't creepy?  Barron and Melania too.@Brotatopics pic.twitter.com/TPgd9oypU6  Midnight In America (@MittRegularGuy) January 17, 2017Ew. Are there any pictures of Donald Trump and Ivanka that aren't creepy?  Barron and Melania too.@Brotatopics pic.twitter.com/TPgd9oypU6  Midnight In America (@MittRegularGuy) January 17, 2017De pose op deze oude foto van Donald Trump en dochter Ivanka is al wat creepy. Maar de papegaaien maken het helemaal af. pic.twitter.com/YolgnbRwfd  Bas Vermond (@BVermond) November 28, 2016Donald Trump Creepy Comments And Photos With Ivanka Trump https://t.co/zomwCO0XGl pic.twitter.com/j9e2g9KrTM  News (@hadyr2es) December 16, 2016At it again! 'Dr. Oz Show' edits out Donald Trump comment about kissing daughter Ivanka. #Creepy #Deplorables pic.twitter.com/kOxKR3XrJt  March Madness Goof  (@MetsFanInPhilly) September 16, 2016#ManyPeopleAreSaying that Donald Trump has taken a bunch of CREEPY pictures with Ivanka as a teenager. Like these- pic.twitter.com/CN54qe4wyq  NY Rangers Fan (@DarakNy) August 9, 2016In a role befitting of Daddy s Little Nazi-in-Training, Ivanka will reportedly serve as his  eyes and ears    a strange role amid reports that Trump is stationing people to monitor the loyalty of those within his administration. While there is no modern precedent for an adult child of the president, I will voluntarily follow all of the ethics rules placed on government employees,  Ivanka says of her new position, adding that she intends to give daddy candid advice and counsel, as I have for my entire life. She, of course, will maintain ownership of her business   because apparently the President s daughter   sorry, our new FLOTUS  can t possibly have conflicts of interest, either.Featured image via screengrab",0
2078," Conservatives Blast Tomi Lahren For Being A Hypocritical Shill, Suspend Her Show","Tomi Lahren, the overly-emotional, angry and vitriolic face of new-age conservatism has been suspended at The Blaze after admitting she is indeed pro-choice. The revelation, which has spurned outcry from both the left and the right, has reportedly left her suspended from her popular show.During a Friday appearance on The View Lahren admitted she is pro-choice, and accused small government Republicans who are pro-life of being hypocrites. Lahren s exact comments were:I am a constitutional, y know, someone that loves the Constitution. I m someone that s for limited government. So I can t sit here and be a hypocrite and say I m for limited government but I think the government should decide what women do with their bodies. I can sit here and say that, as a Republican and I can say, you know what, I m for limited government, so stay out of my guns, and you can stay out of my body as well.The revelation angered many on the right, naturally. So much so that conservatives have turned against herThe Outset s Danielle Butcher, an anti-feminist conservative, lambasted Lahren as a  shill  in her latest article, writing:The Republican Party is a big-tent party, and an individual needn t adhere to each plank in the party platform to have a space to stand. If you believe in limited government, free market capitalism, and fiscal responsibility by all means consider yourself a conservative.There is not, however, room in the Republican Party for shills.Lahren s acceptance of abortion would not be so outrageous were it not for her implied rejection of it. As OUTSET Contributor Kareim Oliphant tweeted,  Tomi Lahren lambasts abortion with righteous indignation only to reveal she s pro-choice. This is your  principled conservative leader? This is a keen observation, as Lahren has previously tweeted,  Illegals have rights in the USA but not the unborn?  and included segments in her show ranting and raving against Hillary Clinton s support for gun control, comparing gun deaths to the life that is ended during abortion procedures.So the racism was OK. The conspiracy theories were OK. The vitriol and rank anger were A-OK. But her veiled support for abortion rights? Too far.But it wasn t just Butcher who blasted Lahren. Glenn Beck, owner of The Blaze and thus her boss, called her out publicly on Twitter:Wait, libertarian views? Help me out on Trumpcare, stimulus, and executive orders. Trump is anything but libertarian. #intellectualhonesty https://t.co/jlt5sFvQMP  Glenn Beck (@glennbeck) March 20, 2017Lahren likes to describe herself as a libertarian, yet sucks up to Trump and his unconstitutional, overreaching immigration orders. Leave it to Glenn Beck to eat his own (yet again).Apparently Tomi Lahren s stupidity has reached a boiling point as Beck seeks to terminate her contract in September (and possibly before that) and has even suspended her from appearing on her prime-time slot  Final Thoughts.  According to the Daily Beast:Right-wing firebrand and rising media star Tomi Lahren has reportedly been suspended by TheBlaze, where she hosts a primetime commentary show. Lahren, 24, came into controversy over the weekend after a Friday appearance on The View, in which she claimed to be  pro-choice  and essentially argued that anti-abortion conservatives are hypocrites. Her comments led to a public scolding from her boss, Glenn Beck, who then used his radio show on Monday morning to subtly jab at her as intellectually dishonest. According to The Daily Caller, another conservative outlet, Lahren s  suspension is in effect for at least one week,  and that even though  Lahren s contract with the company goes until September  she may leave the company before then.  The reasons for her alleged suspension were not revealed in the report.Republicans are turning on their own, and that s quite alright with me. If it means we don t have to listen to the whiny snowflake that is Tomi Lahren give her uninformed and grossly emotional opinion, we should all celebrate.Featured image via Flickr",0
2079, Trump Stands By Wiretapping Lie Despite EVERY Investigation Confirming It’s Bullsh*t,"According to White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer, Donald Trump is standing by his claim that former President Obama tapped the phones at Trump Tower   even though everyone has confirmed it s bullsh*t.During Monday s press briefing, which took place while FBI Director James Comey s testimony before the House Intelligence Committee was on a break, Spicer was asked about the fact that Trump s wiretapping claims had been shot down by the FBI, the Justice Department, and everybody else except for a few random conspiracy theorists. He said that there is no information to support the allegations that the President made against President Obama,  ABC s Jonathan Karl said, referring to Comey, before Spicer abruptly cut him off mid question. At this time,  Spicer said. So is the President prepared to withdraw that accusation and apologize to the President?  Karl asked. No,  Spicer replied.  We started a hearing. It s still ongoing. And then, as Chairman Nunes mentioned, this is one of a series of hearings that will be happening. While testifying on Monday, Comey said that the Department of Justice has no information  whatsoever to support Trump s ridiculous assertion that Obama, or anybody else for that matter,  wiretapped  Trump Tower. Comey said he would not  characterize  Trump s tweets about the alleged wiretapping, and said only that he has  no information  to support the accusation.On Friday, the Justice Department sent documents related to Trump  wiretapping claims to the committee. Reps. Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) and Adam Schiff (R-Calif.) have both said publicly that there was nothing in those documents to back of Trump s accusation. We know there was not a wiretap on Trump Tower,  Nunes said.But none of this is enough to get our narcissistic tweeter-in-chief to admit that he is full of sh*t. Oh no, not Trump. He ll never back down. He lives in his own reality and is totally incapable of admitting that he is wrong. Ever. This is a terrifying trait to have in the leader of the free world, that s for sure.Watch Spicer say Trump still believes Obama tapped his phones, here:Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
2080, WATCH: Rep. Adam Schiff Draws A BRILLIANT And DAMNING Map Of Events Connecting Trump To Russia,"The investigations into the Trump-Russia scandal are an increasing problem for Trump as he desperately tries to steer any and all spotlights away from him and onto, well, pretty much everything else. Unfortunately for him, Rep. Adam Schiff drew an absolutely brilliant map between Trump and Russia during his statement this morning.Schiff left absolutely nothing out of his statement. His map is as follows:Schiff does acknowledge that all of this could just be a bunch of wild coincidences, but with a caveat: Is it possible that all of these events and reports are completely unrelated, and nothing more than an entirely unhappy coincidence? Yes, it is possible. But it is also possible, maybe more than possible, that they are not coincidental, not disconnected and not unrelated, and that the Russians used the same techniques to corrupt U.S. persons that they have employed in Europe and elsewhere. We simply don t know, not yet, and we owe it to the country to find out. He s right. When mapped out, this string of  coincidences  is pretty damning indeed. We need an investigation, and if Trump really were innocent, he and his minions would likely not be trying to deflect. They d be saying,  Go ahead, investigate us! Investigate to your heart s content! You won t find anything. But they aren t. This scandal is about to blow up again. Watch Schiff s full statement in the videos below:Featured image by Drew Angerer via Getty Images",0
2081, Comey Sends DAMNING Warning About Future Elections After Trump (DETAILS),"Donald Trump was nervous as hell over the hearing with FBI Director James Comey earlier today, and he had every reason to be. It s now been confirmed that Trump is in fact being investigated by the FBI, however Americans shouldn t rejoice yet. There are still more dangers facing America.Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA), the ranking member on the House Intelligence Committee, kicked the hearing off by stating that the meddling we saw from Russia in the 2016 election   the interference that helped Trump win   could haunt us. According to the top Democrat, it s highly likely that this sort of thing could happen again, maybe as soon as 2018. Schiff said: Only by understanding what the Russians did can we inoculate ourselves from the further Russian interference we know is coming. It was a bombshell of a statement, and the warning became even more clear three hours later, when Comey himself agreed with Schiff during the hearing. Comey said of Russia: They ll be back. They ll be back in 2020, they may be back in 2018, and one of the lessons they may draw from this is that they were successful because they introduced chaos and division and discord and sowed doubt about the nature of this amazing country of ours and our democratic process.It is possible they re misreading that as it worked, and so we ll come back and hit them again in 2020. I don t know. But we have to assume they re coming back. While Comey couldn t give any specific details about whether or not Trump has definitely been involved with Russia, the announcement of the investigation implies that there is evidence. If Trump is found to be connected to Russia and its interference, he will have compromised the country and put America in a severe, unprecedented amount of danger.Featured image via Drew Angerer / Getty Images",0
2082, Republicans PROVE They Believe In Party Over Country With One Incredibly Stupid Question,"Congress is chest-deep in their leak investigations, with FBI Director James Comey in the hot seat today. During the House Intelligence Committee hearing, chairman Devin Nunes thought he d try and ask some really hard-hitting questions, maybe in an attempt to trap Comey into saying something that will incriminate everyone who isn t Republican in the increasingly tangled web that is the Russia scandal.All he did was prove that this is about Republicans desperately puffing up their party instead of actually getting to the bottom of possible treason. And he did it with just one question: If this committee or anyone else for that matter, someone from the public, comes with information to you about the Hillary Clinton campaign, or their associates, or someone from the Clinton Foundation, will you add that to your investigation? Really? He s trying to make this about Hillary, despite consensus that Russia acted in the interest of Trump? It certainly sounded like that s what Nunes was doing when he followed up with: If they have ties to Russian intelligence services, Russian agents, would that be something of interest to you? Comey would not fall into Nunes  trap, though. He replied with: If people bring us information about what they think is improper, unlawful activity of any kind, we will evaluate it. Not just in this context. Folks send us stuff all the time. They should keep doing that. Nunes may well by trying to follow Trump s lead on this, as Trump regularly throws Twitter tantrums in childish attempts to deflect blame. Trump is livid   Comey s statements that the FBI is, indeed, investigating the Russian scandal are infuriating to him. As such, he s still all over Twitter trying to convince us that the real problem is the leaks, and that Hillary s a traitor and a crook and we supposedly all know it, rather than all the evidence piling up against him.What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 20, 2017Is it a coincidence that Nunes would also ask about Hillary? Likely not. Nunes and the rest of the GOP should give us a call when they re ready to actually go to work.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
2083, Corrupt Republican Blames ‘Deep State’ For His Arrest After Stealing Charity Money,"Something strange happens when the President sees conspiracies everywhere: they tend to bleed into the rest of the government, at least the Republican government. Now, a crooked former GOP Congressman, who s best known for inviting Ted Nugent to President Obama s State of the Union speech, is blaming a Trump-touted conspiracy for the fact the he allegedly stole money for his campaign and personal use and got caught.Former Texas Rep. Steve Stockman blamed the  deep state  on his alleged campaign finance crimes, for which he was arrested. This is part of a deep state that s continuing to progress,  he said after a hearing. Stockman cited a right-wing conspiracy theory that the IRS targeted conservative groups.Stockman is being charged with diverting money from a charitable organization called Life Without Limits to his political campaign and for personal use. Beginning shortly after the $350,000 charitable donation was deposited into his Life Without Limits account, rather than spending the money on the  Freedom House,  Stockman secretly diverted the funds to pay for a variety of personal expenses and to fund illegal contributions to Stockman s campaigns for public office,  court documents filed with the criminal complaint stated.Source: RollcallSince Trump has taken office, we ve seen a lot about the supposed deep state. The deep state is, according to the Oxford Dictionary,  A body of people, typically influential members of government agencies or the military, believed to be involved in the secret manipulation or control of government policy.  Before Trump s election, the term was generally only used by fringe conspiracy theorists and white supremacists who accuse Jewish people of running a shadow government. Now, though, the head of the deep state could be Jewish, but he could also be Barack Obama. Conspiracy theories are fluid like that.Of course, Stockman has a history with the IRS. During the non-scandal scandal that involved the IRS daring to verify the veracity of non-profit statuses (from both sides of the aisle), he called for the arrest of IRS head at the time, Lois Lerner. It s looking more and more like his only reason for wanting Lerner s arrest was to prevent his arrest.Stockman has been released on bond and his main defense is that he stole only $15,000, not $350,000.Featured image via Gage Skidmore/Flickr",0
2084, BREAKING: Comey Just Shut Down Trump’s Tweeted Lies In REAL TIME During Hearing (VIDEO),"On Monday, while FBI Director James Comey and NSA Director Mike Rogers sat through a grueling, hours-long hearing, Donald Trump was busily thumbing his way to oblivion on Twitter   but some of his tweets got fact-checked in real time.The Donald leaped on an opportunity to speak up for his friend Vladimir Putin when both individuals explained that they did not make an assessment whether or not Russian interference influenced our electoral process The NSA and FBI tell Congress that Russia did not influence electoral process. pic.twitter.com/d9HqkxYBt5  President Trump (@POTUS) March 20, 2017Unfortunately for Trump, his claim that the two members of the intelligence community confirmed that Russia did not influence our election was a lie   and he got fact checked just a little later in the hearing. Asked if the tweet is accurate, Comey explained that they have  offered no opinion, have no view, have no information on potential impact because it s never something that we looked at. This, of course, has been the FBI and NSA s position from the beginning and it has not changed. It it shameful that Donald Trump would attempt to misrepresent testimony in this way. Watch it below:Featured image via screengrab",0
2085, Stephen Hawking Says He’s Afraid Of Visiting The U.S. Till Trump Is Gone (VIDEO),"Stephen Hawking might be one of the most brilliant and highly respected scientists in the world, but that means nothing in Donald Trump s America. In fact, that sort of thing is a liability, and that s why Hawking has no plans on visiting for the next few years.After receiving the US Franklin medal for science and receiving the presidential medal of freedom from President Obama in 2009, Hawking fears the country s  definite swing to a right-wing more authoritarian approach.  He also fears that he wouldn t be welcome here anymore. I would like to visit again and to talk to other scientists, but I fear that I may not be welcome,  he said in an interview with Good Morning Britain on Monday.Source: The GuardianNaturally, Trump s denial and inaction toward the biggest crisis to hit our planet, manmade climate change, is at the forefront of Hawking s mind. He should replace Scott Pruitt at the Environment Protection Agency,  he said.  Climate change is one of the great dangers we face, and it s one we can prevent. It affects America badly, so tackling it should win votes for his second term. God forbid. As a citizen of the U.K., which recently voted to leave the European Union for reasons very similar to the impetus behind Trump s election, he understands the feeling of being left behind and the fear of globalism, but he doesn t respect it. Trump was elected by people who felt disenfranchised by the governing elite in a revolt against globalisation,  he told ITV1 s breakfast programme.  His priority will be to satisfy his electorate, who are neither liberal nor that well informed. Here s the video: Hawking has reasons to be afraid. Trump s cabinet picks and budget are about as hostile to the scientific community as they can be, but we desperately need people like Hawking to stand up to Trump and to the ignorant masses who elected him. Universities, smart cities and smart rich people, please invite Hawking. The majority of the country doesn t agree with Trump. He will have a warm embrace, although not from our government.Featured image via Bryan Bedder",0
2086, Comey CONFIRMS FBI Investigation Into Trump’s Collusion With Russia During Election (VIDEO),"FBI Director James Comey has confirmed that the agency is not only investigating Russia s interference in the 2016 presidential election but is also taking a long hard look at whether Donald Trump and his campaign colluded with the foreign power.In his opening statement, Comey said that the FBI doesn t usually  confirm the existence of ongoing investigations,  However, if there are  unusual circumstances where it is in the public interest,  that can change. The bureau may, at these times, find it necessary to break with this policy, Comey explained. This is one of those circumstances,  he said. I have been authorized by the Department of Justice to confirm that the FBI, as part of our counterintelligence mission, is investigating the Russian government s efforts to interfere in the 2016 presidential election. And that includes investigating the nature of any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian government and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Russia s efforts,  Comey said.He added that the investigation would  also include an assessment of whether any crimes were committed. The most concerning part of Comey s statement came when he said that the investigation was initiated in July of 2016. July. Think about that. Somehow, even though the FBI was investigating Russia s interference in the election on Trump s behalf and whether or not Trump was actually working with Russia, we still ended up with this man sitting in the White House. Let that sink in for a minute.FBI Dir. Comey: FBI is investigating Russian meddling in election, including  whether there was any coordination  between Trump team, Russia pic.twitter.com/pf8xZyXQYD  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) March 20, 2017Featured image via video screen capture",0
2087, Trump’s SCOTUS Nominee Has DISTURBING History Of Open Misogyny,"We all knew that Donald Trump would be a nightmare for the Supreme Court. His nominee, Judge Neil Gorsuch, is trying to present himself as some sort of legal scholar who will enforce the law fairly regardless of his personal views. However, his past is coming back to haunt him, and it turns out that he is a a misogynistic bastard   and would make horrific decisions when it comes to protecting women s rights in the workplace. In a letter written to the judiciary, a former student of Judge Gorsuch from his days as a law school professor says the following of his views regarding women in the workplace: Judge Gorsuch outlined how law firms, and companies in general, had to ask female interviewees about pregnancy plans in order to protect the company. At least one student countered that an employer could not ask questions about an interviewee s pregnancy plans. However, Judge Gorsuch informed the class that was wrong. Instead Judge Gorsuch told the class that not only could a future employer ask female interviewees about their pregnancy and family plans, companies must ask females about their family and pregnancy plans to protect the company. Another anonymous declaration to the judiciary also confirmed and complained of Gorsuch s views on working women, saying that he said that many female lawyers became pregnant, and questioned whether they should do so on their law firms  dime. This goes against a ruling from the Court in 2003, which says of asking women about deeply personal issues such as family planning, which says: Historically, denial or curtailment of women s employment opportunities has been traceable directly to the pervasive presumption that women are mothers first, and workers second. This prevailing ideology about women s roles has in turn justified discrimination against women when they are mothers or mothers-to-be. This opinion was authored by Chief Justice Renquist, and it went on to say: These mutually reinforcing stereotypes created a self-fulfilling cycle of discrimination that forced women to continue to assume the role of primary family caregiver, and fostered employers  stereotypical views about women s commitment to work and their value to employees. This should come as no surprise; after all, Trump himself, as well as Mike Pence, are huge misogynists. However, it is downright terrifying. If this guy is confirmed to the Supreme Court, he ll turn back women s rights 100 years. And let s not even get started on women s reproductive health. Roe V. Wade will be gone in a heartbeat with this guy.Democrats, if ever there was an important fight to take on, it s this one. Keep Neil Gorsuch off the Supreme Court, no matter what it takes.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
2088, Trump’s Approval Rating TANKS To The Lowest Level Of Any President’s First 60 Days,"Since taking the oath of office, alleged president Donald Trump s approval rating is at a new low, hitting 37%, according to Gallup. Trump s disapproval rating is at jaw-dropping 58 percent. As for his approval rating, the polling company may need to start a new graph because it looks like its bottom line is 35 percent.This is the lowest approval rating of any president s first 60 days as tracked by Gallup.Trump approval drops to 37%   the worst Gallup poll any president has ever had this early in their term. pic.twitter.com/399k8tLFmx  Steven Dennis (@StevenTDennis) March 19, 2017Gallup- Job *disapproval* upon hitting 60 days in office:Carter 9Reagan 24HW Bush 16Clinton 34W Bush 29Obama 26Trump  58  Josh Jordan (@NumbersMuncher) March 19, 2017Gallup- Job approval upon hitting 60 days in office:Carter 75Reagan 60HW Bush 56Clinton 53W Bush 58Obama 63Trump  37  Josh Jordan (@NumbersMuncher) March 19, 2017Trump is 9 points away from hitting absolute bottom of approval ratings. (There are 28% on both sides that are always unmovable) In 60 days!  Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) March 19, 2017It s not just Gallup. According to a new Quinnipiac University poll released earlier this month, 51% of voters are against efforts to repeal Obamacare.That poll highlights the scandals plaguing Trump and his administration. 52 percent say that Trump s Attorney General Jeff Sessions lied under oath during his confirmation hearings and 51 percent say that Sessions should resign.54 percent of voters disapprove of the way Trump is handling U.S. policy towards Russia, according to Quinnipiac.American voters support 66   30 percent an  independent commission investigating potential links between some of Donald Trump s campaign advisors and the Russian government.  The only listed party, gender, age or racial group opposed is Republicans, opposed 64   30 percent.A total of 61 percent are  very concerned  or  somewhat concerned  about President Trump s relationship with Russia. A total of 62 percent of voters say alleged Russian interference in the 2016 election is a  very important  or  somewhat important  issue.Trump s scandals after just starting the job include his growing list of conflicts of interest. The alleged president s  swamp  now has a Russian accent, with some in his administration revealed to have ties to the hostile foreign government. And that  some  may include Trump himself. On top of that, Trump has been pushing for a travel ban, while initially seeking to stop travelers from seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the U.S. That executive order was so chaotic that travelers were still in mid-flight when he signed it, then detained at airports. His second attempt to ban Muslims failed in court after he watered it down to forbidding travelers from six countries from entering the U.S. And now Trump is pushing through a health care plan which gifts the rich with tax breaks and hits the elderly hard with pricier coverage. Trump s first meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel was so awkward that it was obvious he cannot sit in a room with actual world leaders without embarrassing the rest of us.Meanwhile, Trump is on another vacay at his Mar-a-Lago resort while trying to take away healthcare from 24 million Americans.Photo by Tom Pennington/Getty Images",0
2089," The White House Released Trump’s Border Wall Requirements, And They Are Comedy GOLD","Trump just will not stop hammering his border wall as the solution to every problem we ve ever had. In addition to the U.S. government sending  notices of taking  to Texans living along the U.S.-Mexico border, the White House has now released its requirements for the wall. Fox News posted the list to Twitter, and it s just ridiculous.Border wall requirements. pic.twitter.com/AFYG0s5pCS  Fox News (@FoxNews) March 19, 2017At first it looks like this could be a joke, until you see the blue checkmark next to Fox News  Twitter name. These three requirements are hilarious because they re so vague they say absolutely nothing. It s like Fox called Trump up out of the blue, said,  What are the requirements for the border wall,  and Trump replied with,  Oh. Um. Yes. The wall. Yes. Um. Requirements Nothing about a better pricing estimate, what materials they think they need where, how they plan to keep it from interrupting migration patterns or diverting floodwaters, or anything that might actually tell us what the true requirements for this wall are. Just three vague things that demonstrate the Trump administration is more about touting the wall than they are about actually planning for it.The last two are especially odd.  Look good from U.S. side.  It must also look  imposing  from the Mexican side. Aside from the fact that this looks like a toddler wrote it, we do know that nobody wants an eyesore in their backyard.But a 30-ft wall may well be an eyesore anyway no matter how  tasteful  they try and make it look. For instance, those living along the Rio Grande, where their view is of a river and they re closely intertwined with sister cities in Mexico, are likely to suffer both from the eyesore that is a giant wall. Are they going to build it out of Plexiglas to avoid interrupting views? No. It has to look  imposing  from the far side.In reality, some communities might benefit from rising property values, while others would suffer grievously when their local economies crash as people from their sister cities can t come across to shop anymore. The way it looks won t help the communities that are going to suffer regardless. Difficult to climb or cut through.  Well duh. Really? They ve been saying the entire time that the whole point of having a wall is to keep people from being able to climb over it or cut through it like they can in places along the existing fence. But people will still climb it, people will still tunnel under it, and some might find ways around them via the oceans.When you consider the fact that most undocumented immigrants entered the U.S. legally on a visitor visa, and then just never left, it makes  difficult to climb or cut through  seem even more absurd. It would be nice to know what the administration believes this wall will truly require in terms of, well, everything, since we re the ones who are going to pay for it. But it would be even nicer if they d drop it altogether, since our tax dollars are going towards a massive waste of time, money and resources.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images ",0
2090, Even The Pope Is F*cking Trump Up On Twitter (TWEETS),"Donald Trump has taken a beating on his favorite playground   Twitter   from many notable individuals (and multiple dictionaries), so the Pope decided to try to reach The Donald that way.Pope Francis has tried in every way possible to reach Trump, including a direct inauguration-day message and multiple statements indirectly condemning the policies of our resident Manchurian couch potato, all to no avail. Despite his best efforts, Donald Trump is still a useless, racist, xenophobe who hates the poor and anyone too brown or too  Muslimy  for his small-minded world view. Recently, many of His Holiness  tweets seem to be directed at Mr. Trump. I invite you not to build walls but bridges, to conquer evil with good, offence with forgiveness, to live in peace with everyone,  Pope Francis posted on Saturday, a clear reference to The Big Beautiful Wall That Will Solve All of America s Problems.I invite you not to build walls but bridges, to conquer evil with good, offence with forgiveness, to live in peace with everyone.  Pope Francis (@Pontifex) March 18, 2017At around the time the White House announced the budget   one that guts social programs like Meals on Wheels that are aimed at helping the disadvantaged   was announced, the Pope reminded everyone that people who actually follow the teachings of the Bible love life,  especially when it is weak and vulnerable.  Of course, this could easily be a reference to the GOP s ongoing effort to strip healthcare from our most poor and vulnerable.The word of God helps us to open our eyes to welcome and love life, especially when it is weak and vulnerable.  Pope Francis (@Pontifex) March 15, 2017The prior day, Pope Francis reminded us to  open our doors to the weak and poor. Let us pray for one another so that we may open our doors to the weak and poor.  Pope Francis (@Pontifex) March 14, 2017Naturally, people who call themselves Christians are not happy with the Pope:@Pontifex easier said than done when a society (Muslim) wants to destroy anything Christian (and has).  Susan Paul (@SusanPaul20) March 18, 2017@Pontifex/#PopeFrancis steers #Vatican toward #Islam #socialism & #communism > Sell-Outhttps://t.co/BMbQI7ilPihttps://t.co/fFMWxb2Gnf pic.twitter.com/yMFh2wlGH8      K    (@IndyK46220) March 19, 2017@Pontifex Perhaps you should tell that to the cartel members in Mexico & ISIS ""refugees"" living on welfare as they plot to kill Christians.  Robert Gerage (@RobertGerage) March 18, 2017@Pontifex @Brialalexi Don't disagree with this in principle but we need peace through strength It's the only thing Muslims understand  David B?? ? (@Cruncher19621) March 18, 2017@Pontifex You really think after 1500 years you can convert Muslims? They are evil. The devil will not allow it.  Mike Kaess (@kaessmike) March 18, 2017@Pontifex A Marxist in a Pope's uniform  Millennials4Trump (@GenYs4Trump) March 18, 2017@Pontifex pic.twitter.com/T5GSA8E6DY  ode mevol (@odemevol13) March 18, 2017@Pontifex @nicoleperlroth looks like the Deplorables are triggered by this pic.twitter.com/PsgKn6VQDO  Stephen Tatton (@TattonTreks) March 18, 2017Trump and his idiot supporters will never, ever  get it. Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)/screengrab",0
2091, Federal Lawsuit Filed Against Trump Over Financial Disclosure (DETAILS),"It looks like Donald Trump can add another case to the list of lawsuits he is facing. An attorney, based in Washington, D.C., has filed suit in federal court alleging that the financial disclosure Trump filed in May 2016 was not even close to accurate.Jeffrey Lovitky filed the lawsuit on March 14. According to Politico, Trump mixed his personal liabilities in with his business liabilities, making it impossible for voters to get a true picture of his potential conflicts of interest. The purpose of these disclosure requirements is to allow members of the public to make informed judgments as to whether candidates for federal office have financial conflicts of interests that may impair their ability to faithfully execute their duties as public servants,  Lovitky explained in the complaint.Lovitky s suit does not accuse Trump of any improprieties, but it does allege that the public has not been given truthful information regarding Trump s many debts due to the lack of clarity in the financial disclosure. If you just look at the statement on its face, all those liabilities are assumed to be personal liabilities, but I just do not think that s the case. I have information that says otherwise,  Lovitky said during an interview with Politico.When Lovitky was asked why he decided to pursue this issue in court, he said that when it comes to Trump, there are  very serious concerns about conflicts of interest. It s mostly the fact that with this president there are very serious concerns about conflicts of interest in this particular administration, and I think it s important that those concerns be addressed thoroughly,  the attorney explained.Lovitky is not seeking damages in the suit and is only asking the court to declare Trump s financial disclosure illegal and order him to file a new one that accurately represents his personal debts. Currently, his next financial closure is not scheduled to be released until May 2018. U.S. District Court Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly, who was appointed by Bill Clinton, has been assigned the case.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
2092," Trump’s ‘Major Meeting’ On Veterans Affairs Never Took Place, But He Did Play Golf","A  major meeting  on veterans affairs didn t happen yesterday evening despite Trump s announcement earlier in the day.Watch:Trump asks VA @SecShulkin if he's going to Mar-a-Lago. Shulkin shakes his head. pic.twitter.com/aZyiBC9Gnj  POLITICO (@politico) March 17, 2017The White House hasn t given any reason for the change in plans, but it must not have been Trump s bad feet, which prevented him from serving his country in Vietnam because he did manage to get some golf in.The most likely reason is that Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin wasn t planning to attend, as he indicated with a shake of his head in the above video   something Trump didn t seem to be aware of or care about. This didn t stop other veteran advocates like Marvel Entertainment CEO Ike Perlmutter from going. Why was Shulkin such a schtick in the mud? Maybe it s because the meeting was due to be held at Mar-a-Lago, Trump s West Palm Beach golf castle, and Shulkin didn t have his shots.Speaking of Mar-a-Lago, this is Trump s fifth weekend there since his inauguration five weekends ago. Check this out:The diagram shows how much time Trump spends playing hooky from the  northern White House.  Good work if you can get it.Trump has spent nearly a quarter of his time at Mar-a-Lago since taking office. A lot of elderly people like to go to the Sunshine state when they need a break.By the way, who s paying for the $3M a pop to the  southern White House?  Not veterans programs, at least, not yet. The Department of Veterans Affairs is penciled in for a 6% bump in Trump s budget proposal, which is currently facing a rocky road in the ongoing Federal budget process. As far as fiscal 2017 goes, most departments have been operating on a continuing budget resolution good through the end of April. If things aren t ironed out by then, the resulting partial government shutdown shouldn t affect most veterans services significantly, since VA funding has already been approved.Featured image via Mario Tama/Getty Images",0
2093, NATO Ambassador Just SHAMED Trump – Had To Educate Him On How NATO Works,"Donald Trump just got his ass handed to him by a former NATO Ambassador for claiming that Germany owes the organization money.On Saturday, Trump attacked Germany by accusing them of shortchanging NATO and owing money to the United States for defense.Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless, Germany owes ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 18, 2017 vast sums of money to NATO & the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 18, 2017Once again, Trump demonstrated that he has no clue how NATO works and totally embarrassed himself by attacking an ally.Not only did German Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen shoot down Trump s claims by pointing out that Germany has  no debt account at NATO,  a former American NATO Ambassador stepped up and thoroughly humiliated Trump by educating him on how NATO works in a series of tweets.1/ Sorry, Mr. President, that s not how NATO works. The US decides for itself how much it contributes to defending NATO. pic.twitter.com/8svkzRBEQb  Ivo Daalder (@IvoHDaalder) March 18, 20172/ This is not a financial transaction, where NATO countries pay the US to defend them. It is part of our treaty commitment.  Ivo Daalder (@IvoHDaalder) March 18, 20173/ All NATO countries, including Germany, have committed to spend 2% of GDP on defense by 2024. So far 5 of 28 NATO countries do.  Ivo Daalder (@IvoHDaalder) March 18, 20174/ Those who currently don t spend 2% of their GDP on defense are now increasing their defense budgets. That s a good thing.  Ivo Daalder (@IvoHDaalder) March 18, 20175/ But no funds will be paid to the US. They are meant to increase NATO s overall defense capabilities, given the growing Russian threat.  Ivo Daalder (@IvoHDaalder) March 18, 20176/ Europe must spend more on defense, but not as favor (or payment) to the US. But because their security requires it.  Ivo Daalder (@IvoHDaalder) March 18, 20177/ US does provide large military commitment to NATO. But this is not a favor to Europe. It is vital for our own security.  Ivo Daalder (@IvoHDaalder) March 18, 20178/ We fought two world wars in Europe, and one cold war. Keeping Europe whole, free, and at peace, is vital US interest.  Ivo Daalder (@IvoHDaalder) March 18, 20179/ A strong, united NATO, in which all contribute their fair share to defense, will secure that peace for all Alliance members.  Ivo Daalder (@IvoHDaalder) March 18, 2017As Ivo Daalder just explained, the commitment to NATO spending is a long-term plan that will occur by 2024. The deadline is fixed and Trump cannot force other nations to pay what he wants them to pay.Also, the United States does not run NATO. It s a defense pact between our nation and the nations of Europe designed for mutual defense and cooperation against threats to Europe and North America. But Trump seems to think that it s an American operated security business or something.Trump is the most inept president in our history and he continues to prove it every time he opens his big mouth.Featured image via Mario Tama/Getty Images",0
2094, Trump Supporter Threatens To Slaughter Black People Because A Guy Was Mean To Him On Facebook (VIDEO),"Ever since Officer Darren Wilson murdered unarmed African-American teen Michael Brown in the streets of Ferguson, Missouri, Trump supporter James Stachowiak has been threatening African-Americans, even attempting to organize a posse to shoot black people    animals  and  n*ggers  as Stachowiak calls them   peacefully protesting the GOP convention last year. According to this self-described  patriot,  black women and children (who should be shot  in the backs  according to the right-wing activist) who were seen exiting stores in Ferguson during the protests because they may or may not be looting.Naturally, African-Americans aren t exactly fond of the guy who has been leveling threats at an entire race for years. After Stachowiak told his fellow conservatives to  prepare to kill  anyone who punches a Nazi in America, a black man who goes by the name Frank Luc on Facebook messaged Stachowiak, informing him that he will gladly punch him in the face   and if Stachowiak pulls a gun, it will not end well for him. While we can never endorse threats against anyone, the anger this gentleman feels toward a racist white man who has threatened to kill quite literally any African-American who does something he does not like is justified.Stachowiak, being a thin-skinned bully, quickly published a video on his Instagram threatening Mr. Luc   and, once again, black people in general. I will kill him,  Stachowiak said in a video filmed while he was driving.  I will kill you Frank if you so much as set in front of my house even on a public street. I will fill your car with so much rounds they won t be able to tell if if was a vehicle anymore. Then his threats became more general. He informed Frank that he will be  hunted  if he successfully defends himself against a premeditated gun attack and that  anyone between you and the hunters will be acceptable collateral damage. We re done with Black Lives Matter aren t we Frank?  Stachowiak continued.  We re gonna start cleaning it up starting with you Frank. In case you missed it, because someone was mean to him on the internet, Stachowiak threatened to ethnically cleanse black people. Regardless of anyone s opinion of Frank s message to Stachowiak, it is chilling that he would plot to kill an entire race of people because of one man s words.Watch the video below:featured image via screengrab",0
2095, WATCH: Paul Ryan Gets His A** Handed To Him By Fox Host On GOP Healthcare Plan,"Even Fox News understands that the Republican healthcare bill will leave millions of Americans in financial ruins.That s why Chris Wallace put the screws to House Speaker Paul Ryan on Sunday.So far, the GOP healthcare bill has been universally panned and Republicans who still support the bill are struggling to defend it.The bill will not only strip health insurance from tens of millions of Americans, it will make the cost of healthcare skyrocket, especially among senior citizens whose costs are projected to be ten times what they pay now under the Affordable Care Act.During an interview on Fox News Sunday, Wallace pointed out to Ryan that the GOP healthcare bill would force senior citizens with an annual income of $26,500 to spend $14,600 a year on health insurance instead of the $1,700 they currently spend thanks to subsidies provided by the Affordable Care Act.Wallace then slammed Ryan for saying that the GOP plan is  what freedom looks like,  even though seniors would be forced to spend over half of their income on healthcare. That s definitely NOT freedom. You said that part of that is that this is what freedom looks like,  Wallace began.  But is the major decrease in the number of people   according to the CBO   who will have health insurance, is it freedom or is it that some people will no longer be able to afford health insurance under your plan? This isn t freedom,  Wallace continued.  This isn t people voluntarily deciding not to have health insurance. It s that your plan makes it unaffordable for people. Ryan responded by going on an incoherent rant about how the Affordable Acre Act is  not going to last,  even though Republican sabotage is the reason why the Affordable Care Act is having problems in the first place. And then he started talking about how the GOP bill will make insurance plans less expensive even though Wallace just got done telling him the exact opposite. We re not going to make people buy something that s so expensive that they can t afford, that the market is not going to offer,  Ryan said.  And so where I dispute that comparison is it suggests that we re going to have the same kinds of plans being offered in 10 years that Obamacare would otherwise offer. The person in their 50s or 60s does have additional health care costs than, say, a person in their 20s and 30s You re right in saying   and we agree   we believe we should have even more assistance and that s one of the things we re looking at for that person in their 50s and 60s. We re going to let people buy what they want to buy,  Ryan continued.  We re going to have more plans being offered, more choice and competition. He also claimed that gutting healthcare regulations would cause prices to drop.Here s the video via YouTube:Ryan s argument in defense of Trumpcare is that the CBO didn t examine everything. The problem is that if they had the GOP plan would have looked even worse.Getting rid of regulations won t make healthcare more affordable. It just gives insurance companies more freedom to screw over their customers.As the GOP healthcare bill currently stands, senior citizens will end up paying ten times as much for healthcare than they do now.The Affordable Care Act created competition among health insurance companies and slowed down the rising cost of premiums while covering tens of millions of Americans who previously could not afford coverage.The GOP bill repeals all of that and Ryan s defense was not only confusing, it was full of empty promises in a desperate effort to convince the American people that Republicans care about them.Featured image via screenshot",0
2096, WATCH: Republican Senator Admits That Trumpcare Bill Won’t Lower Health Insurance Premiums,"While the Affordable Care Act actually has slowed down the rising cost of premiums, the Republican healthcare bill that repeals it definitely won t.And Republican Senator Tom Cotton openly admitted it on Sunday during an interview on CNN.Ever since House Republicans unveiled their legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act it has been panned by Democrats and Republicans alike. Donald Trump thinks it s  wonderful,  but the American people are outraged because the bill would strip healthcare from tens of millions and would cause the cost of healthcare to skyrocket, especially among senior citizens and those with low incomes.The bottom line is that this is a terrible bill that will hurt millions of Americans who need affordable access to health insurance.Jake Tapper specifically asked Cotton whether he would keep the Medicaid expansion considering he represents Arkansas, one of the poorest states in the nation.Of course, Cotton seems to think that the only people who get Medicaid are people who are unemployed.Cotton said that he supports a Medicaid  transformation  bill in which  able-bodied  adults are not allowed to be covered by the program. He basically told them to get a job and pay for their own healthcare. The problem is that many of those able-bodied adults actually do have jobs. They just don t get paid enough to afford health insurance. And then Cotton admitted that the GOP bill will not bring the cost of premiums down, thus confirming a major problem with the bill The Medicaid expansion I think needs to be part of Medicaid transformation and that s what the House bill moved forward. It can be improved to some degree, but it s about a 70% or 80% solution, Jake. The bigger problem with this legislation is on the private insurance market. I simply think that it s not going to work to bring down premiums for working Arkansans or working Americans around the country. Here s the video via YouTube. Cotton s remarks on healthcare are at the 3 minute mark:The Affordable Care Act is not perfect but it s far superior to anything Republicans have offered. Trumpcare will hurt millions of Americans and do nothing to bring the cost of care down. And while the wealthy will get a tax cut from the GOP bill, low income Americans will only be saddled with a financial burden. They would once again live in fear that a major health crisis could leave them bankrupt and homeless. No one should have to live that way.Featured image via screenshot",0
2097, As Trump Takes 6th Golf Trip As President The Vow He Made To NEVER Take A Vacation Goes Viral (VIDEO),"Trump spent his the sixth weekend golfing and the internet dug up an supremely uncomfortable reminder for him.And Trump seems oblivious to the fact that most Americans find the idea of a president taking six vacations in his first two months of being president repugnant. Donning golfing attire, Trump smiled and posed for the cameras in Mar-a-Lago.Shamelessly:The photo itself represented a Trump lie. His staff had told reporters that he was heading to his nearby golf course for the purpose of  having meetings and phone calls.  The president himself said he would be spending the night having an important discussion about veteran affairs. Hours later, no specific meetings were ever reported to have taken place and the  veteran affairs  dinner was suddenly cancelled. All that remained was Trump s time spent playing golf at the golf course that he owns next to the resort that he also owns.Which is a nice  screw you  to the rest of us. His trips to the links cost more money each visit than most of the life-saving programs he proposed gutting spend all year. And because he s doing so as president, the taxpayers are footing the bill to enable it.(RT!) Trump golfing at Mar-a-Lago costs $10 million/mo. The National Endowment for the Arts costs $12 million/mo. Guess which is being cut? pic.twitter.com/1ZAlRDBrPb  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) March 17, 2017It's incomprehensible that Trump wants to kill Meals on Wheels, when one trip to Mar-a-lago costs taxpayers the same as feeding 500k elderly pic.twitter.com/fg3FozZdsX  Nick Bilton (@nickbilton) March 18, 2017Which may be why this video of Trump promising not to every take a vacation as president is particularly insane. He told voters he wouldn t have time for vacations and added that he would probably never leave the White House, because of all the serious work to be done.You hear that Trump didn t hoodwink voters (they knew what they were getting!) and then find clips like this. Just breathtaking hypocrisy. pic.twitter.com/LDnb3Xr7oF  Matt McDermott (@mattmfm) March 18, 2017 There s no time for vacations,  Trump said as a stone-faced Chris Christie sat next to him.  We re not going to be big on vacations.  Vacations are arguably the only thing Trump is big on as president.He s taken so many vacations that in two months he s already cost taxpayers roughly the same amount of money the Obamas did all year for vacations. The hypocrisy is so bad that it may explain why Trump is desperate to rebrand his Florida resort as the  Southern White House.  You can t say you re not at the White House if you simply rename your vacation house  The White House. Let s see if American voters are dumb enough to buy that.Featured image via screenshot",0
2098," Trump Voter SHOCKED That He’s Gutting Meals On Wheels, The Rest Of Us Aren’t (VIDEO)","If you haven t heard, the Trump administration is making conservative wet dreams come true by gutting every social program imaginable   including Meals on Wheels, which provides elderly and disabled people with food and occasional company. This development is not shocking to most of us, but 56-year-old Georgia resident Linda Preast somehow had no idea this sort of thing would happen when she voted for a gigantic orange billionaire with a long history of telling the poor to f*ck off.Preast has been wheelchair-bound since she had a stroke two years ago and relies on Meals on Wheels for food. But now that it s not just about building a wall and getting all those damn Muslims out of the country, now that sh*t is getting real, Preast is realizing she may have made a mistake.Are you surprised?  CBS News correspondent Michelle Miller asked Preast about the cuts to the Meals on Wheels program. Yeah,  Preast said.  Because he was told   I was under the influence that he was going to help us. To be clear, there was never any reason to think Donald Trump would help anyone outside his tax bracket. We can t spend money on programs just because they sound good. And Meals on Wheels sounds great,  says White House Budget director Mick Mulvaney, who calls the cuts to Meals on Wheels and other programs designed to help the less fortunate  compassionate. Asked what she would tell Donald Trump to convince him not to cut funding to a program that helps her, Preast replied What if it was your momma? But it s not Donald Trump s  momma  and he doesn t care about the majority of Americans   even his supporters.While the government has decided that a program that feeds 2.4 million people a year  doesn t work,  Americans disagree. Ever since the budget was announced, donations have been pouring in from people who desperately want to save a program that helps so many. The program has seen a 500 percent increase in volunteers and a 50 percent increase in online donations, but it s still not enough. The scary thing about that is that funding is already not keeping up with pace,  Jenny Bertolette, vice president of communications for Meals on Wheels America says.  There are already demands that we can t meet. There is already a waitlist crisis   If this budget was enacted, it would obviously just make matters so much worse. Watch a report on the crisis below:Featured image via screengrab",0
2099, Apparently Trump’s Administration Hasn’t Heard Of F*cking LoJack,"We re not sure how this could have possibly happened. I mean, how does one allow a laptop to be stolen which contains sensitive information? Even more disconcerting is, how the hell did a Secret Service agent possibly let someone stroll in, take their sh*t, then stroll away. The Secret Service-issued laptop in question contained floor plans for Trump Tower, information about the Hillary Clinton email investigation and other national security information. But all of that has gone bye bye.On Thursday morning, the computer was taken in the Brooklyn area and officials are trying to determine if Agent Marie Argentieri was targeted or if the robbery was random, according to the Daily News. We re going to go with  targeted  for $100, Alex. It s a very big deal,  a police source said.  There s data on there that s highly sensitive. They re scrambling like mad. Scrambling? You can just look up the GPS location of the device there are services for that. Services which apparently the highest levels of government don t use. If you lose a cellphone, you can track it better than the Secret Service can track a missing laptop.Sources and neighbors say that the thief, a white man who was dressed in black, stepped out of a dark-colored sedan, possibly an Uber, then went into Argentieri s Bath Beach driveway at about 3: a.m. (We told you it was targeted.)The black-clad then grabbed the computer, a backpack, and other goods then walked away, according to sources. After that, to make his getaway, the thief did not get back into the car he arrived in, but instead, surveillance video shows him strolling away from the brick home wearing a backpack and holding a laptop. It showed somebody running to the car and running back out,  a neighbor, Mike Miguolo, 73, said.  They knew what they were doing, absolutely. They knew what they were hitting. This is what was stolen:Other items stolen include  sensitive  documents, an access keycard, coins, a black zippered bag with the Secret Service insignia on it and lapel pins from various assignments   including ones involving President Trump, the Clinton campaign, the United Nations General Assembly and the Pope s visit to New York, sources said.In addition, an agency-issued radio was also taken. Secret Service issued laptops contain multiple layers of security including full disk encryption and are not permitted to contain classified information,  the Secret Service said in a statement.A second White House fence jumper was taken into custody today. Maybe he wanted to return the laptop. IDK For the record, there is LoJack for laptops. We re just trying to be helpful. Trump could inform his administration of certain precautionary steps to take in order to ensure that highly sensitive data is not stolen, however, the former reality show star uses an unsecured Android.Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2100, This Trumpcare Provision Will Let Trump Further Enrich Himself While He’s In Office (DETAILS),"One of the things that makes Trumpcare such a blow job for the rich is that it contains a bunch of cuts to taxes that help pay for certain provisions of the Affordable Care Act. Some of those taxes were primarily on the wealthy, which we all know is totally unfair.One such tax was a 3.8 percent tax on  unearned income,  including real-estate income   something that Trump could avoid when he was actively managing his businesses. However, now that he s in the White House and not actively managing those businesses, he s subject to that tax and the GOP wants to repeal it.It s the biggest tax cut contained within the clusterfuck that is the Trumpcare/Ryancare bill.That means there s massive tax break that will help Trump line his pockets   while he s still in the White House according to the Wall Street Journal: Up until he became president, he would have met the definition of being an active real estate professional,  said Joe Perry, partner-in-charge at the accounting firm Marcum LLP. Now, as president,  he would probably not meet the definition. In terms of his rental income, he would have been largely unaffected by repeal  if he were still a private citizen, said Tony Nitti, an accountant at Withum Smith & Brown.  There s no just practical way he can qualify as a real-estate professional now that he s president of the United States. Because he doesn t qualify as a real-estate professional anymore, he has to pay this tax on his businesses. The tax, however, contains a loophole for people actively managing certain types of businesses, so as a private citizen, he didn t have to pay it.Repealing this tax will send more income to Trump, and up to the top 1 percent of households in the country while ripping health insurance from people who can t afford it. The whole plan is nothing but cold-blooded fuckery intended to help the rich while punishing everyone who has the audacity to not be rich.Which is something we already knew because that s how Republicans roll, but for the man who calls himself the president to personally benefit while he s in office is just beyond the pale.Featured image by Justin Sullivan via Getty Images",0
2101, Trump Screams About FAKE NEWS While Demanding Protection Money From Germany (TWEETS),"Uh oh, folks: that evil FAKE NEWS is after Donald Trump again, this time distorting his perfectly awesome visit with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Sure, Trump ignored Merkel when she asked him if he wanted to shake hands   a clear example of his lack of respect for women   and of course he accused a German reporter of FAKE NEWS when he was asked about his ridiculous lie that President Obama tapped his  wires  at Trump Tower   but Trump says the visit went great no matter what the FAKE NEWS says. Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel,  Trump tweeted Saturday morning.  Nevertheless, Germany owes vast sums of money to NATO & the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany! Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless, Germany owes ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 18, 2017 vast sums of money to NATO & the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 18, 2017Naturally, the folks on Twitter had something to say about Trump s latest Saturday morning meltdown:@realDonaldTrump well the world saw you denying that handshake  you serve your country   not your ego ! respect other leaders already  ?  Lars Steinh fel (@LarsSteinhoefel) March 18, 2017@realDonaldTrump It certainly looks like Chancellor Merkel enjoyed the meeting with you as well pic.twitter.com/uqY7Or8DAG  Rob Szczerba (@RJSzczerba) March 18, 2017.@realDonaldTrump @oppstn We watched it happen live. She looked at you like you're a crazy person.  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) March 18, 2017@realDonaldTrump Was your hand too tiny to shake her hand?  Austin Braun (@AustinOnSocial) March 18, 2017@realDonaldTrump When you act like an ass on TV, the news media has nothing to do with Americans' perception of your embarrassing meeting.  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) March 18, 2017@realDonaldTrump We didn't hear it, The World saw you act like a child. pic.twitter.com/R9pDgYKMVx  Wale Gates ???? (@walegates) March 18, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/ykoUdp3dVe  Joel Pavelski (@joelcifer) March 18, 2017@realDonaldTrump More Trump hypocrisy. pic.twitter.com/Xc2ne9IFe2  The Socialist Party (@OfficialSPGB) March 18, 2017@realDonaldTrump Fake news? You refused to shake her hand. We SAW IT. ON VIDEO. You acted like a petulant child instead of a statesman.  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) March 18, 2017If there was any doubt before this meeting with Merkel, there isn t anymore: Our President* is nothing but a petulant child   one who cares nothing about facts, our reputation, or American citizens in general.Featued image via Twitter",0
2102, Jake Tapper Burns Trump With Bill Maher: He Is ‘Empirically Indecent’ (VIDEO),"A lot about America has changed since the rise of Donald Trump. People thought that his coarse language, his clear racism and misogyny, and just generally appalling behavior would render him unacceptable to the American public. Yet, here we are. Donald Trump is president, and his young administration has fundamentally changed how the world views America, its citizens, and its government. One thing that hasn t changed though is the way some strident and brave media personalities continue to speak truth to power and insist on making sure that Trump s disgusting ways, his incompetence, and his lies don t fundamentally change who we are as a people. Perhaps the breakout star in that regard is CNN s Jake Tapper.Tapper hosts The Lead during the week, and State of the Union on Sunday mornings. On Friday night, the fiery host stopped by HBO s Real Time to have a chat with host Bill Maher. Of course, Maher had to ask about the changes Tapper has had to make now that there s the biggest liar on earth occupying the Oval Office. Tapper responded: You ve been covering politicians for a long time. Politicians lie. It wasn t invented on Jan. 20. I ve never seen this level of falsehood, quantitatively. Tapper went on to distinguish between what happens with say, falsehoods that happened with the Obama Administration such as,  If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor.  He says of the lies coming out of the Trump White House: It s conspiracy theories based on nothing that have members of his own party distancing themselves from him. Then the conversation turns to Trump s vulgarity and other fundamental affronts to basic human decency in public discourse. Tapper says of the way Trump behaved on the campaign trail and how he continues to behave: The truth of the matter is that there is no bias when it comes to facts and there s no bias when it comes to decency. It s empirically indecent to make fun of the disabled. That s just indecent. My children know better than that. The two hosts then went on to reference what we all know   which is that most of the fundamental things that make Trump so awful, we all learn not to do in grade school. Maher says:I always think about that book  Everything I Needed to Know I learned in Kindergarten.  He violates every rule. Don t lie, don t accuse people of things they re not guilty of. Don t boast. Pay your taxes. Serve your country. Don t be a racist, don t insult   like you say   the handicapped people or other people who are not as lucky to be as great looking as you are, Donald. And yet, in spite of all of these things, people still voted for this fundamentally indecent, sorry excuse for a human being. That says things about this nation that we really need to examine, should we survive this nightmare of a  presidency. Watch the video below:Featured image via Scott Eisen/Getty Images",0
2103, House Committee Uncovers DAMNING BOMBSHELL – Russia PAID Michael Flynn To Appear With Putin,"It s easy to think the whole brouhaha with Michael Flynn was over the moment he was forced from his post as Trump s national security adviser, but it s not. The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee has been investigating Flynn and his connections with Russia, and they just found something incredibly damning.RT, a state-run news network in Russia, paid Flynn to attend a gala in Moscow with Russian president Vladimir Putin. Rep. Elijah Cummings, the ranking Democrat on the House Oversight Committee, released records that include checks, invoices and emails showing that RT literally paid Flynn nearly $34,000 to attend the function.And not too long afterward, he was busy advising Trump and his campaign in a voluntary capacity. Not only was he paid a speaking fee at the gala, but his company, Leading Authorities, received $11,250 from that gala. All told, Flynn was paid $56,250 to appear with Putin and do work for two Russian firms, all while he was acting in an advisory capacity with Donald Trump.Some of that involved a Russian company, Kaspersky Lab, which is a subsidiary of a Russian company that specializes in  uncovering Western government spyware.  In other words, evidence shows that he worked for a company that works against not just the U.S., but also against all our NATO allies. Kaspersky Lab claims it has no ties to any government, but  is proud to collaborate with the authorities of many countries,  in fighting against cybercrimes.Cybercrimes like hacking the DNC to help tilt our election to Trump s favor, maybe? If this isn t corruption by a foreign power, then what is? Democrats on the House Oversight Committee now want an additional investigation into these payments because the come from companies based in Russia.We already know Flynn was acting as a foreign agent in Turkey while working for Trump s campaign, and that he failed to disclose that until just recently. But now we see he was working with Russia, too. It s high time we learned just how deep this goes. It s not likely that Flynn was a solo actor here. The entire Trump administration must be thoroughly investigated   we can t allow Flynn to serve as their scapegoat.Featured image by Andrew Harrer via Getty Images",0
2104, WATCH: Fox SCRAMBLES To Refute Wiretapping Claim After Trump Throws Them Under The Bus,"Fox News found themselves in a really uncomfortable position on Friday because of Donald Trump s gullibility.During a Fox News broadcast on Tuesday, Andrew Napolitano attempted to defend Trump s continuing insistence that President Obama wiretapped him by accusing the British intelligence agency GCHQ of wiretapping Trump after being ordered to do so by Obama.Just like Trump s original accusation, Napolitano s accusation was just as wild and baseless. Yet, White House mouthpiece Sean Spicer repeated it as gospel without providing any evidence to back up the claim.In a rare statement issued by the GCHQ, the agency angrily refuted the accusation. Recent allegations made by media commentator Judge Andrew Napolitano about GCHQ being asked to conduct  wiretapping  against the then president-elect are nonsense. They are utterly ridiculous and should be ignored. The international incident reportedly forced Spicer and National Security Adviser McMaster to issue a formal apology to the United Kingdom, even though Spicer and Trump have not publicly backed away from the accusation in the United States.The embarrassing incident was rightfully brought up by reporters during a joint press conference on Friday attended by Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel.When asked if the White House made a mistake blaming the British, Trump literally blamed his favorite propaganda network for the an accusation his team repeated, thus throwing them under the bus. Trump also had the audacity to claim his team made no such allegation even though his team openly repeated it as if it somehow proved Trump s original accusation. We said nothing,  Trump said.  All we did was quote a certain very talented legal mind who was the one responsible for saying that on television. That was a statement made by a very talented lawyer on Fox. So you shouldn t be talking to me, you should be talking to Fox. Here s the video via Twitter.Wow. Trump to Merkel about alleged wiretapping by Obama:  At least we have something in common, perhaps.  She appears to be very confused. pic.twitter.com/la4p9ZJGvo  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) March 17, 2017Almost immediately, Fox News rushed to reverse the damage as anchor Shep Smith told the world that Napolitano was full of shit. Fox News cannot confirm Judge Napolitano s commentary,  Smith said.  Fox News knows of no evidence of any kind that the now-President of the United States was surveilled at any time in any way. Full stop. And then Fox anchor Bret Baier chimed in later in the day by repeating that Napolitano s claim cannot be confirmed. We love the judge, we love him here at Fox, but the Fox News division was never able to back up those claims and was never reported on this show,  Baier reported.While Napolitano was irresponsible for pitching such an accusation, Donald Trump was even more irresponsible by letting Spicer repeat it without any verification of the accuracy of the claim. All Trump had to do is direct his team to make contact with British intelligence and ask if the claim is true or not. But Trump failed to do so because he is flailing for anything that could even suggest in the slightest that his accusation against President Obama is true. But the accusation is clearly false because if Trump really had any proof he would have released it by now. Even Republican leaders in Congress have confirmed that Trump s claim is a lie.So it looks like the honeymoon may be over between Trump and Fox News. It s probably safe to say that Fox News will put a leash on what their commentators say about Trump s wiretapping fiasco. Now we just have to wait and see if Fox News starts to turn on Trump.Featured Image: Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
2105, WATCH: Trump FUMES In Silence As Irish Prime Minister Shames Him In Front Of Reporters,"As he was standing next to podium, Donald Trump must have been throwing a silent temper tantrum as Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny humiliated him and his anti-immigrant policy.St. Patrick s Day may have been a complete bummer this year because of Trump, but during an event at the White House honoring the holiday, Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny gave the world something to smile about as he delivered remarks about immigration that made Trump fume on the sidelines.Unable to rudely stop the Irish leader, Trump had to listen as Kenny talked about immigration and how immigrants came to America and made our country stronger despite bigots who looked down upon them. It s fitting that we gather here each year to celebrate St. Patrick and his legacy,  Kenny began.  He, too, of course, was an immigrant. And even though he is, of course, the patron saint of Ireland, for many people around the globe, he is also the symbol of   indeed, the patron of   immigrants. Here in America, in your great country, 35 million people claim Irish heritage,  Kenny continued as Trump scowled and squirmed.  And the Irish have contributed to the economic, social, political and cultural life of this great country over the last 200 years. Kenny then pointed out that Irish immigrants were also unwelcome in America as people blamed them for crime and lack of jobs just as Donald Trump and Republicans are blaming Latinos today. Ireland came to America because, deprived of liberty, deprived of opportunity, of safety, and even food itself, the Irish believed, and four decades before Lady Liberty lifted her lamp we were the retched refuse on the teeming shore. We believed in the shelter of America, in the compassion of America, in the opportunity of America. Here s the video via Twitter. We were the wretched refuse on the teeming shore,  Irish prime minister says with Donald Trump in the room. pic.twitter.com/7jEfTVvIzE  Barry Malone (@malonebarry) March 17, 2017Indeed, millions of immigrants came to this country with nothing in order to pursue better lives for themselves and their families just as immigrants continue to do so today. But Trump has made the American Dream a nightmare for millions of immigrants as he continues to persecute Latinos and Muslims.And the Irish Prime Minister just cleverly shamed Donald Trump in the most epic and stealthy way for it.Featured image via screenshot",0
2106, Trump’s Wealthcare Plan Set To FAIL As Yet Another Republican Breaks Ranks,"One after another, Republicans are breaking ranks with their party and saying they just can t throw their support behind the GOP s appalling excuse for a healthcare plan. With so many conservatives jumping ship, it is starting to look more and more likely that the American Health Care Act is set to fail.Bloomberg reporter Steven Dennis reported on Friday that Sen. Dean Heller (R-NV) issued a statement saying he cannot support the Republican bill to repeal and replace Obamacare in its current form. It is estimated that the AHCA would result in 24 million people losing their insurance coverage by 2026, with 14 million of these people finding themselves without health care by the end of the year.Heller said he agrees with Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval, who recently joined with Ohio Gov. John Kasich, Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson and Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder to argue that the GOP plan would be disastrous in states that had expanded Medicaid. Heller said that he just can t support the AHCA  in its current form. ! HELLER does not support the American Health Care Act  in its current from,  agrees with Gov. SANDOVAL.  Steven Dennis (@StevenTDennis) March 17, 2017It is looking like the AHCA, even if it manages to pass the House, will crash and burn in the Senate. Sen. Susan Collins (R-ME) said on Thursday that she will not support the bill as it is written. Several other Republican senators have criticized the bill, including Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY), Sen. Tom Cotton (R-AR), Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX), Sen. Bill Cassidy (R-LA) and Sen. Mike Lee (R-UT). As much as the GOP would like to believe otherwise, Republicans aren t necessarily just going to fall in line and vote in favor of the bill.Senate NO votes on AHCA as written: COLLINS PAUL HELLER Major critics include: CASSIDY COTTON LEE CRUZ + MURKOWSKI says won t defund PP  Steven Dennis (@StevenTDennis) March 17, 2017Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
2107," Trump Has The Most UNCOMFORTABLE Moment With Merkel, Makes A FOOL Of Himself (VIDEO)","Earlier today, Donald Trump had a joint conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, and he used it as an opportunity to embarrass himself (and the rest of the United States) in front of yet another world leader. Sadly, this is a pattern that the once highly respected America is becoming used to.When Trump was asked if he regretted some of his tweets, particularly his insane wiretapping accusations against former President Barack Obama, Trump failed miserably in his attempt to handle the situation and redeem himself with Merkel, who he d been criticizing for the past few months after she allowed Syrian refugees into her country.Trump stated that he  very seldom  regrets the things he posts on Twitter, right before turning to Merkel and making a reference to the unfounded wiretapping accusation he created. Trump suggested that perhaps the two of them had something in common, in an attempt to make a joke about Obama s surveillance of Germany s administration and press. The problem was, it took several moments for anyone in the audience to get the joke, and the tension in the room was nothing but awkward and uncomfortable as everyone tried to figure out just what the hell Trump was talking about.You can watch this strange moment unfold below, thanks to MSNBC:This humiliating moment was just one of the memorable instances between Merkel and Trump today. Trump embarrassed himself again during a sit-down meeting with the German chancellor by turning down her offer to shake hands, making himself seem even more offensive and rude than ever before. Considering Trump s horrendous track record with women, he couldn t have chosen a more disrespectful thing to do. Then again, I guess we should all be thankful that he didn t grab her by the p*ssy.Trump continues to make the U.S. look horrible in front of other countries, and it s only been two months. I don t even want to think about the damage he could do to our reputation in four years. Hopefully, he won t last that long.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
2108," Paul Ryan Reveals That In College, He Was A Cruel, Cruel Drunk","College is the time to dream. For many, it s also the time to party. Paul Ryan was no exception, only surrounded by idealists, the future Speaker of the House dreamt of a dystopian world where being poor was a crime worthy of death.You think I m exaggerating? During an ideas summit from National Review, Ryan sat down with the magazine s publisher and reminisced about his college days.Lowry: You have been very clear for years and we ve seen compelling PowerPoint presentations about how the entitlements and entitlements growing out of control is driving the country into a ditch on the debt. And we have a president of the United States who basically seems pledged not to touch entitlements. Where does that leave us?Ryan: So, the health care entitlements are the big, big, big drivers of our debt. There are three. Obamacare, Medicaid, and Medicare. Two out of three are going through Congress right now. So, Medicaid sending it back to the states, capping its growth rate. We ve been dreaming of this since you and I were drinking out of a keg. [Laughter]Lowry: I was thinking about something else, he was thinking about reforming Medicaid.Ryan: I was, I was! I ve been thinking about this for a long time. We are on the cusp of doing something we ve long believed in.Awww, what a sweet story.Don t let the irony of Ryan s college dreams escape you. He only attended college because he was on the government dole. In fact, he s pretty much always been on the government dole.Rep. Paul Ryan, the GOP s most outspoken advocate for cutting and privatizing Social Security, has already benefited from Social Security himself, in the form of survivor benefits he received after his father s untimely death.From the age of 16, when his 55-year-old father died of a heart attack, until he was 18, Ryan received Social Security payments, which, according to a lengthy profile in WI Magazine, he put away for college. The eventual budget czar attended Miami University in Ohio to earn a B.A. in economics and political science, and landed a congressional internship as a junior.Ryan s congressional ascent, all the way to the top spot on the Budget Committee, began with his Social Security-funded college education.Source: Raw StoryWhile Ryan is in complete denial of all the government money he s been given throughout the years, his dreams do have real life consequences. According to the Congressional Budget Office, Ryan s healthcare plan will steal access to healthcare from about 24 million people, but who are we to argue with a drunken college dream?Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2109, Former Tea Party Congressman Brought In Court In Shackles And Handcuffs On Felony Charge,"Former Texas Republican Rep. Steve Stockman s Twitter handle is @SteveWorks4You but apparently he works for himself. Stockman, who served who served two stints in the U.S. House of Representatives, spent part of Friday in federal court after being brought in on charges of violating federal election law during his last term in office. The former tea party Congressman was brought into court shackled and handcuffed, KPRC reports.Stockman is accused of conspiring to violate federal election laws during his last term in office   a felony that could send him to federal prison if he s convicted. Judge Stephen Smith set the bail at $25,000.Prosecutors alleged as Stockmen stood before the judge that the former tea party Congressman had conspired with two former employees to funnel hundreds of thousands of dollars to his personal use.The complaint states that in 2011 Stockman set up a non-profit called Life Without Limits in Las Vegas. After a single contributor donated $350,000 to the charity, Stockman then allegedly funneled back to himself through donations made by his employees.Stockman is a staunch supporter of Donald Trump s. In 2016 he tweeted the following:I served on thewhitewater investigation in the 90's. Anybody in the phone book would b better & more honest than a Clinton. @RealJamesWoods  Steve Stockman (@SteveWorks4You) May 7, 2016And today, Stockman was in handcuffs.KPRC reports:When Stockman was told he would need to have an attorney by 2 p.m Friday, he said  I ll have to hustle with that. Smith responded  Yeah, you will. These are serious charges. In 2013, it was revealed that Stockman s 2011 and 2012 income was listed as $350,000 in salary and fees from an entity called  Presidential Trust Marketing.  No one knows just what Presidential Trust Marketing is or does, though. The loud-mouthed, attention-seeking former Congressman, also an accountant, failed to make federally required disclosures about business affiliations that stretch from Texas to the British Virgin Islands. We don t know if that relates to the charges today, but it s odd that Stockman keeps mishandling the same amount of money: $350,000.Stockman left Congress after a failed primary challenge against Sen. John Cornyn in 2014 after serving two terms.Photo: Gage Skidmore via Flickr, allowable under Creative Commons license",0
2110, Here’s What Happens When Children Win A Science Contest In Trump’s America (VIDEO),"In Indiana, schools staged a robotics competition for fourth graders. The winning team was comprised of two African-American children and three Latino children, ranging in age from 9-10. While this fact should (and does) demonstrate that science doesn t know skin color, it also brought out the ugliness that s become pervasive in Trump s America.The winning team was from Pleasant Run Elementary in Indianapolis. As they were leaving the competition, though, things got really ugly. Some children screamed  Go back to Mexico,  to the team. Then, parents got involved and it got even worse.This verbal attack had spilled over from the gymnasium. While the children were competing, one or two parents disparaged the Pleasant Run kids with racist comments   and loud enough for the Pleasant Run families to hear. They were pointing at us and saying that  Oh my God, they are champions of the city all because they are Mexican. They are Mexican, and they are ruining our country,    Diocelina Herrera, the mother of PantherBot Angel Herrera-Sanchez, heard a woman say.Source: USA TodaySchool officials, naturally, apologized and said that that sort of behavior isn t tolerated, but unfortunately, this is Trump s America and enabling that sort of behavior is what the non-political correctness crowd is all about.Trump s America is why Rep. Steve King (Iowa), who literally preached eugenics on Twitter, had almost zero consequences from Republicans.Wilders understands that culture and demographics are our destiny. We can t restore our civilization with somebody else s babies. https://t.co/4nxLipafWO  Steve King (@SteveKingIA) March 12, 2017Trump s America is why hate crimes have been on the rise since the election.No, Trump is not the cause of racism, but he is an enabler. Racism has suddenly become socially acceptable, at least among certain people. Trump has filled his cabinet and administration with white supremacists. Steve Bannon is a known white supremacist and he is the de facto Chief of Staff (sorry Reince Priebus, but you know this to be true). Their policies even want to make it easier (and slightly more legal) to be a radical right-wing extremist.The winning kids, fortunately, were much more mature than some of the adults. One gave the most heart breaking comment of all: They yelled out rude comments, and I think that they can talk all they want because at the end we re still going to Worlds,  said team leader Elijah Goodwin, 10.  It s not going to affect us at all. I m not surprised because I m used to this kind of behavior.He shouldn t have to be used to it. No one should ever be used to this.Featured image via Pleasant Run Elementary website",0
2111, Trump’s Meeting With Germany’s Angela Merkel Goes From Awkward To Offensive In Seconds (VIDEO),"A sit-down meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel went from painfully awkward to downright offensive when Trump couldn t even muster an ounce of humility and grace. During a photo op, the two world leaders sat in stony silence as photographers did their best to try to capture a picture that showed some warmth between what are supposed to be two close allies. Instead they got Trump looking like his dad just told him they wouldn t be getting ice cream after all and Merkel squirming in discomfort.Trump s obvious irritability was bizarre to begin with, but his refusal to interact with Merkel only got worse. When a reporter suggested the pair give a handshake (as is customary when two leaders meet for the first time), Merkel leaned over to Trump to ask if he wanted to give it a go only to have Trump continue to stare straight ahead, ignoring her. She stared in astonishment, then resignation. The realization that the President of the United States really is this pathetic was written all over her face.Photographers: Can we get a handshake? Merkel (to Trump): Do you want to have a handshake? Trump: *no response* Merkel: *makes awkward face* pic.twitter.com/ehgpCnWPg7  David Mack (@davidmackau) March 17, 2017Trump could have been in a bad mood for any number of reasons. His healthcare plan is going down in flames. His budget cuts   which focus primarily on stripping funding away from the elderly and children in favor of more military spending   are getting some of the worst press since his Muslim ban. His second Muslim ban was just shot down by two federal judges. And his plan to accuse the British government of helping Obama wiretap him didn t just blow up in his face, but actually caused an international scandal. Or it could be the fact that Germany has shown zero interest in indulging his tantrums.Whatever the cause, America just got another clear reminder that the damage Trump is doing isn t just domestic. He s undermining relationships with crucial allies in ways that may take decades to repair. And he s not even willing to give a simple handshake to prevent it.Featured image via Twitter",0
2112, Incredible Photo Of North Korean Soldier Secretly Photographing Trump’s Secretary Of State,"While Trump s Secretary of State was visiting a UN base on the border of North and South Korea on Friday, the former CEO of Exxon Mobil Corp. was photographed by a Reuters photographer, while at the same time, a North Korean soldier is seen photographing the top Diplomat covertly from the outside of a window. You can t make this stuff up. And now the picture is circulating on social media.In the image, a North Korean soldier can be seen on the right-hand corner of the picture peering in through a window and photographing Tillerson and a US Army general, Business Insider reports.The photo was taken inside the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ), which was created after the Korean War on what is now the most heavily armed border in the world, and obviously the most spied upon.NBC reporter Brad Jaffy tweeted out a version of the photo, which he zoomed in on, calling it  Rear Window. Rear Window: North Korean soldier takes a photo of Rex Tillerson at the DMZ pic.twitter.com/EHCIR3Fjo6  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) March 17, 2017The original photo can be seen here.Tillerson announced on Friday at a news conference in Seoul that military action against North Korea is  an option  if the threat from its nuclear weapons program rises to a level  that we believe requires action. Tillerson told reporters that  all of the options are on the table. According to the Korea Herald, Tillerson cut his recent visit short with South Korean officials due to  fatigue. The newspaper reported that Tillerson did not have lunch or dinner with South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se and acting President and Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn during his visit there.Tillerson spent several hours meeting with Japanese officials, which included dinner meetings, the paper noted, according to The Hill.The secretary of State reportedly did hold talks with both South Korean officials regarding the threat posed by North Korea s nuclear program.And that must have been before  fatigue  set in. On Twitter, Trump said that North Korea was  behaving very badly. South Korea s Constitutional Court upheld the impeachment of former President Park Geun-hye in March over a corruption scandal. In contrast, the U.S. has failed to address its newly minted president s growing list of scandals. Tillerson, too, has his own scandal to deal with.As for the North Korean soldier spying on Tillerson, perhaps if he wore spy glasses and a fake mustache no one would have noticed. The soldier has better access to the Secretary of State than U.S. reporters do.Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images.",0
2113, Painfully Stupid Trump Fan Thanks God And ‘Trumpcare’ For Her Lower Healthcare Costs Under Obamacare,"A Tennessee Trump supporter is ecstatic that Obamacare has dramatically lowered her family s insurance costs, but she doesn t credit the Affordable Care Act for her family s good fortune   she says God and Trump are responsible.Charla McComic says that her son recently lost his job and, thanks to Trumpcare, his premium dropped from $567 per month to $88   a  blessing from God  and a gift from her fuhrer Donald Trump, she says. I think it was just because of the tax credit.  The Washington Post notes that the price change  was actually thanks to a subsidy made possible by former president Barack Obama s Affordable Care Act, which is still in place, not by the tax credits proposed by Republicans as part of the health-care bill still being considered by Congress. Sure, the ACA was passed before Trump even considered running for President and his own health care law   one that would strip coverage from millions of low-income families who need coverage the most   and, of course, her son s. We said:  Who else would we do this for, besides Trump?  McComic, who campaigned for Trump during the 2016 election, says, apparently because she is one of the  poorly educated  The Donald loves so much.  We agreed on the Lord. We would stand here for the Lord, but that s about it. So far, everything s been positive, from what I can tell,  she said while waiting for the first elected leader since Adolf Hitler to still hold rallies to begin speaking on Wednesday night.  I just hope that more and more people and children get covered under this new health-care plan. Contrary to McComic s beliefs, Trump himself knows and freely admits that his supporters will be hurt the most by his plan. Counties that voted for you, middle class and working class counties, would do far less well under this bill,  Fox News host Tucker Carlson recently told Trump. Yeah. Oh, I know that. It s very preliminary,  Trump replied.Sorry, Ms. McComic: Trump doesn t care about you, and the President you hated is responsible for your family s good fortune.Featured image via Facebook",0
2114, ‘Prepare To Kill’: Conservative Trump Fan Declares Open Season On Anyone Who Punches Nazis (VIDEO),"If you have not yet heard, another Nazi got  punched.  Noted racist and anti-Semitic conservative radio host Michael Savage was leaving a San Fransisco Bay area restaurant on Tuesday night when a man approached him and began making fun of his strangely appropriate legal last name,  Weiner. It is unclear what happened next   the  attacker  says that Savage shoved him first while Savage says the opposite, but in the end, the pro-Trump radio host ended up on the ground. Savage says that another man attempted to intervene, but was punched in the face by the unnamed  attacker.  According to Savage s story, he was able to get up while being  attacked  and help the man who had just gotten punched while simultaneously calling the police and his lawyer (quite a feat while he is the victim of a vicious attack, huh?).Both men, neither of whom were hurt in the scuffle, stayed at the scene to give statements to police. Savage s lawyer says that he is investigating if a  hate crime  was committed because Savage s hateful views may have contributed to the attack.But if you listen to conservatives tell the story, Savage was viciously beaten by a hateful and violent liberal (the  attacker s  political affiliation is unknown) who refuses to tolerate right-wing viewpoints like that people in Chicago are  ghetto slime,  that non-white nations are  Turd-World  countries, that Jewish people are  hook-nosed,  and other views regularly espoused by the terrible people who support Donald Trump.One rabid Trump supporter, James Stachowiak   you may remember him as the guy who made headlines when he said that black protesters (especially women and children) should be shot  in the backs  and that Hillary Clinton s place is in front of a  firing squad    says that Savage was  beaten and bloodied  in this  attack.  His solution, of course, is a bloodbath. Well people, I have the solution if you re approached by a group of people like they did to Mike Savage,  Stachowiak says in the video he filmed while driving. He then fumbles around in his pants for a moment and pulls out a gun   once again, while driving.  And here s my solution. It s time to start capping these bastards,  Stachowiak says.  Lethal force, people. Lethal force. Prepare to kill in defense of your free speech and the way you believe. Every one of the people who attacked Mike Savage needs to be hunted down and taken out vigilante-style,  Stachowiak says.  That s right, I m condoning the killing of the people who attacked Mike Savage. While violence is never the answer, let s put this in context: a single person allegedly shoved Mr. Savage, so Stachowiak thinks the solution is to round up a posse and murder him (the single individual that Mr. Stachowiak says was a gang of violent liberals).This is the mindset of the common Trump supporter: shoot first, whether it s warranted or not, because no liberal life is more valuable than whatever passes for dignity to these folks. Watch Stachowiak s violent threats below:Featured image via screengrab",0
2115, Sean Hannity Is A Deranged Maniac Who Pulled A Gun On A Coworker,"Sean Hannity might be one of the most disliked people in television or radio  news.  Yes, news is in quotes because whatever Hannity does, it certainly doesn t resemble anything that Walter Cronkite or Edward R. Murrow would recognize as news, but I digress.Hannity has been called  Fox News  dumbest anchor,  which is a very low bar (we re talking to you, Steve Doocy). Besides being dumb, Hannity is a Trump sycophant and his go to  journalist  for softball interviews. He s also a gun-toting maniac who once pulled a gun on his coworker, Juan Williams.Still, Hannity s version of entertainment can go too far. Last year, after ending one of his many spirited on-air arguments with liberal contributor Juan Williams, Hannity pulled out a gun and pointed it directly at Williams, according to three sources with knowledge of the incident. He even turned on the laser sight, causing a red dot to bob around on Williams  body. (Hannity was just showing off, the sources said, but the unforeseen off-camera antic clearly disturbed Williams and others on set.)For the record: Hannity s colleagues brought the Williams incident to the attention of Fox News executives, though it s not clear whether anything came of it. The sources said it went to Bill Shine, the network s co-president and longtime Fox News executive, who is Hannity s longtime friend and a former producer. A Fox News spokesperson said the incident was referred to the legal and human resources departments.Source: CNNThis happened in October of last year and according to Fox News, Hannity was being totes safe because he s trained in gun safety. Hannity said he was trying to teach Williams a lesson, sort of. While discussing the issue of firearms, I showed my good friend Juan Williams my unloaded firearm in a professional and safe manner for educational purposes only,  Hannity s statement read.  Every precautionary procedure that I have been trained in since the age of 11 was followed. I ve had a conceal carry permit in five states for all of my adult life. Any other interpretation of this is outright false reporting. Williams, who still works for the network, tweeted that everything is cool, cause you know, a white guy pointing a gun at a black guy is what goes for normal in Foxland. And, well, what do you expect from a network that treats its women employees like sex toys? It s all about boys just being boys, don tcha know?(1/2) This incident is being sensationalized   everything was under total control throughout and I never felt like I was put in harm s way.  Juan Williams (@TheJuanWilliams) March 17, 2017(2/2) It was clear that Sean put my safety and security above all else and we continue to be great friends.  Juan Williams (@TheJuanWilliams) March 17, 2017Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images.",0
2116, White Supremacist GOP Congressman Says Colleagues Are ‘Patting Him On The Back’ For Racist Tweets,"The Republican Party is constantly pushing back against accusations of being a racist institution, despite the fact that they endorse and celebrate racists in their ranks. Hell, they even tolerate outright white supremacists. Case in point   Representative Steve King ( R-Iowa). Rep. King has a long history of racially charged remarks, but here lately he has really gone over the top, most recently with a tweet that was nothing more than a white supremacist rant about how American can t keep its population up with, quote,  somebody else s babies. Wilders understands that culture and demographics are our destiny. We can't restore our civilization with somebody else's babies. https://t.co/4nxLipafWO  Steve King (@SteveKingIA) March 12, 2017Of course, the backlash from Democrats and other people who aren t complete racist pieces of shit was swift, but many of his Republican colleagues were curiously silent at King s blatant racism. Well, now, King himself has given us the answer as to why the condemnation didn t come from elected GOP officials as it should: Because, privately, they agree with him. King said: My colleagues have generally been coming by and patting me on the back. And a surprising number have said that they pray for me. And, meaning they support me and they agree with me, a surprising number. I don t often have members come up and say at the end of the day,  I prayed for you this morning.  So they must think I ve got a lot of arrows in my back. The only Republicans who condemned King s offensive remarks were those who are the children of immigrants themselves. Rep. Carlos Curbelo (R   Florida) tweeted at King:.@SteveKingIA What exactly do you mean? Do I qualify as ""somebody else's baby?"" #concernedGOPcolleague  Carlos Curbelo (@carloslcurbelo) March 13, 2017Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-Florida) also voiced her anger at King via Twitter:Get a clue, @SteveKingIA. Diversity is our strength. All looking alike is such a waste. A travesty. I wanna be me. All others are taken. https://t.co/mx7vgeWPU8  Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (@RosLehtinen) March 13, 2017Both of the aforementioned lawmakers are Cuban-American. When asked if he had spoken to any of his colleagues about the comments, King apparently lied, saying: They have not approached me. But I would say of my Republican critics, you should take a look on their position on immigration and see where they stand. There seems to be a curious coincidence. When Rep. Curbelo heard what King has said, the remarks were greeted with an eyeroll, and he said: I saw him down at conference, and I said,  Hey, I just want to know if I m somebody else s baby.  He said,  You should have called me.  I said,  I don t have your number.  So he sent me his number and we agreed we d talk whenever we both time to sit down and talk about it. Hopefully, they can work it out, but something tells me there s absolutely nothing that will curb Steve Kings open white supremacy. Unfortunately, it seems that the bulk of the GOP agrees. Then again, we already knew that.Featured image via Bill Clark/CQ Roll Call",0
2117, Federal Judge Blows Lid Off Trump’s Biggest Complaints About Obamacare,"One of the arguments against the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is that people are losing options as insurance companies are pulling out. That s true. Insurance companies are pulling out, but Republicans tell us it s because the law isn t viable and that insurance companies are leaving because they aren t making money. Well, a ruling from a federal judge just blew the lid off of that theory.The ruling, from Judge John D. Bates, a George W. Bush appointee, was in a case involving Aetna, who has pulled out of all but four of the states where they were part of the exchange. The claim was that they were losing money on the deal. Judge Bates found that that was a lie.Now a federal judge has ruled that that was a rank falsehood. In fact, says Judge John D. Bates, Aetna made its decision at least partially in response to a federal antitrust lawsuit blocking its proposed $34-billion merger with Humana. Aetna threatened federal officials with the pullout before the lawsuit was filed, and followed through on its threat once it was filed. Bates made the observations in the course of a ruling he issued Monday blocking the merger.Source: LA TimesThat pretty much eliminates one major talking point in the debate surrounding health insurance.The judge s conclusions about Aetna s real reasons for pulling out of Obamacare   as opposed to the rationalization the company made in public   are crucial for the debate over the fate of the Affordable Care Act. That s because the company s withdrawal has been exploited by Republicans to justify repealing the act. Just last week, House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) cited Aetna s action on the  Charlie Rose  show, saying that it proved how shaky the exchanges were.In fact, the judge ruled, Aetna was profitable in some of the states but pulled out nonetheless just to make a point   a point that risked the lives or at least the health coverage of upwards of 20 million people. Bates believes that Aetna will start selling insurance in at least some of these markets again, so there goes the whole  Obamacare is imploding  idea.Clearly, not all insurers are lying to Americans. Kaiser Permanente loves the law. They ve even profited from it. The fact is that if they can do it, there s no reason other companies can t. All they have to do is cut back on the greed.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2118, WHOA: It Appears Trump Leaked Classified CIA Info To Fox News," I just want people to know, the CIA was hacked, and a lot of things taken   that was during the Obama years. That was not during us,  Trump recently told Fox News propagandist Tucker Carlson during an interview.  That was during the Obama situation. Mike Pompeo is there now doing a fantastic job. In saying those words, it appears that The Donald did something against which he has been railing ever since his administration began leaking more than two Russian prostitutes in a certain orange man s Moscow hotel room: he leaked classified information.Now as President, Donald Trump can declassify any information he wants, but Democratic Rep. Adam Schiff of California points out that Trump did not make a purposeful decision  to do that. He just talked. In his effort to once again blame Obama, the President appeared to have discussed something that, if true and accurate, would otherwise be considered classified information,  Schiff said in a press release. The president has the power to declassify whatever he wants, but this should be done as the product of thoughtful consideration and with intense input form any agency affected. For anyone else to do what the President may have done, would constitute what he deplores as  leaks,  Schiff says. He also took to Twitter to rail against Mr. Number 45 for applying a different set of rules to himself than others:.@POTUS appears to have discussed something that, if true & accurate, would be classified. Had it been anyone else he would call it a ""leak"" pic.twitter.com/XedWH4CTNF  Adam Schiff (@RepAdamSchiff) March 16, 2017Interestingly, Trump doesn t consider little things like his administration s ties to Russia to be matters of public interest. Or his tax returns. Or anything else that could expose him for exactly what he is.But if Trump is in the business of declassifying information, he could easily answer any questions Americans have about Russia with a stroke of his pen.Do it, Donald.Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)",0
2119, New York Times Columnist Calls Trump A ‘Monster’ For Cutting Heating Assistance In Heartless Budget,"Donald Trump apparently hopes poor people starve or freeze to death.In order to make way for a massive increase to our already bloated defense spending, Trump plans to gut just about any domestic program that benefits Americans, especially low-income Americans.While Trump s family lives in a gold-plated tower and can eat anything money can buy, he apparently is just fine with letting the rest of us live in squalor with little to eat and no heat for warmth.You see, Trump s budget includes massive cuts to Meals On Wheels, which provides millions of hungry senior citizens with healthy meals and a courtesy well-being check.But that well-being check will likely end up becoming a nightmare if Trump is able to eliminate heating assistance programs.Millions of Americans are too poor to heat their own homes, so the next time a Meals On Wheels volunteer tries to serve your grandma or grandpa a nice meal, you could end up getting a phone call informing you about how your beloved grandparents froze to death because they didn t get their heating assistance one particularly cold month next winter.Trump s budget would literally make life a living hell for poor Americans who are already struggling to take care of themselves and their families. Trump supporters are especially going to feel the sting because they are the working poor in red states who rely the most on government aid.This budget is so bad that New York Times columnist Charles Blow referred to Trump as a  damned MONSTER  for proposing it.What kind of damned MONSTER proposes a budget like this?!!! Eliminating low income heating assistance?!!! So folks freeze? #trumpbudget pic.twitter.com/dBzSFjsRpn  Charles M. Blow (@CharlesMBlow) March 16, 2017Trump s budget is absolutely heartless and goes against the values that this country holds so dear. The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little,  Franklin D. Roosevelt once said.And Trump s budget guarantees that our progress fails miserably. But Roosevelt also warned that a hungry nation is ripe for a dictatorship, and Trump is definitely a wannabe dictator who is trying to starve the people. True individual freedom cannot exist without economic security and independence,  Roosevelt said.  People who are hungry and out of a job are the stuff of which dictatorships are made. Trump is not only waging a war against the poor, he is waging a war against democracy and the Constitution.Featured image via Jim Lo Scalzo   Pool/Getty Image",0
2120, Top Trump Advisor Exposed As Member Of Nazi Group – AND He Violated Immigration Laws: Report,"Funny how this just keeps happening.Yet another Trump advisor has been caught having ties to a shady, fascist-linked group in Europe. No it wasn t Trump s former campaign manager who had ties to pro-Russian Ukrainian separatists. Or his former National Security Advisor who was secretly working on behalf of the Turkey during Trump s campaign. Or his former advisor who has ties to both Russia and the hacker responsible for stealing the DNC s emails.This time it is Sebastian Gorka, a top national security advisor who was just outed as being a member of a Nazi-allied Hungarian group. Oh, and he also violated immigration laws when he moved to the United States and didn t mention that he was, in fact, a friend of Nazis. (Being a friend of Nazis is sort of something the American government frowns upon   at least it was until January 20th of this year.)Gorka was first outed by The Forward and things quickly came tumbling down.The elite order, known as the Vit zi Rend, was established as a loyalist group by Admiral Miklos Horthy, who ruled Hungary as a staunch nationalist from 1920 to October 1944. A self-confessed anti-Semite, Horthy imposed restrictive Jewish laws prior to World War II and collaborated with Hitler during the conflict. His cooperation with the Nazi regime included the deportation of hundreds of thousands of Jews into Nazi hands.Gorka s membership in the organization   if these Vit zi Rend leaders are correct, and if Gorka did not disclose this when he entered the United States as an immigrant   could have implications for his immigration status. The State Department s Foreign Affairs Manual specifies that members of the Vit zi Rend  are presumed to be inadmissible  to the country under the Immigration and Nationality Act.First he  stonewalled  when asked about his ties to the Nazi-allied group. Then the leaders of Vit zi Rend verified that he was a member of their organization which included taking what they call a  lifelong oath of loyalty to their group.  And finally Gorka refused to confirm or deny that he was a member of the group. As many have noted, being asked  Are you a member of a pro-Nazi group?  shouldn t be hard to answer. For most people it would be easy to say  no  or more colorfully  Are you crazy? Of course not! Gorka instead told reporters to  send a request to White House press.  Sean Spicer is about to have a really bad day.The stonewalling by Gorka comes at a time when the Trump administration is already having trouble condemning anti-Semitism. Trump s pathetic lack of moral fiber when it comes to intolerance coupled with the revelation that one of his closest advisors is a member of a group that handed  hundreds of thousands of Jews into Nazi hands  prompted the Anne Frank Center to   once again   condemn the Trump administration.Steven Goldstein, executive director of the @AnneFrankCenter gave this statement: pic.twitter.com/Xczmq0uX0k  Talal Ansari (@TalalNAnsari) March 16, 2017At what point do all these dots finally become connected? At what point is it too obvious a pattern to shrug off as coincidence? How many more Nazis will it take?Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
2121, Watch Trump Flat-Out Admit Trumpcare Will Ruin The Lives Of His Own Supporters (VIDEO),"The Republican bill meant to dismantle the Affordable Care Act has been hit on all sides as nonsensical, dysfunctional and sinister. The plan, which appears to be scrapped together with little thought to the consequences, has been shown by the Congressional Budget Office as well as many outside reviewers an excellent way to cost tens of millions of people their health insurance while also not saving very much money for anyone but the wealthy.And critics of the bill now have a perfect soundbite  from President Trump himself.In an astonishing interview with Fox s Tucker Carlson, Trump casually admits that the plan put forth by Paul Ryan and endorsed by his administration will make millions lose insurance. Even more incredible, Trump acknowledges that the deepest harm will be felt in poor, red states   states that overwhelming voted for him. Only a man who inherited millions, never worked a day in his life, and lives in a literal gold tower could be so nonchalant about essentially admitting that his plan will destroy access to healthcare to the American public:Carlson, who to his credit presses Trump on how damaging this healthcare replacement bill is, points out that the  centerpiece  of the bill is a tax cut the ultra-rich. On the flipside, the bill disproportionately harms poor people. A Bloomberg analysis showed that counties that voted for you   middle class and working class counties   would do far less well under this bill. Trump s response:  Oh, I know that. I know. Yikes.Trump later tried to salvage the admission by saying that while this bill clearly screws over his own voters, there will be other   so far nonexistent   additions that will magically help those affected. He never bothers to explain how exactly this would happen. No proposal has even been suggested that addresses these issues. Like a chef admitting he poisoned the food but who still expects his customers to eat up because he may have some Pepto-Bismol lying around somewhere. Only the food poisoning will kill you.And the chef is a known liar.And the Pepto-Bismol is more tax cuts for the rich.Featured image via Fox News",0
2122," CNN Panel ERUPTS, Gets UGLY After Guest Defends Trump’s Muslim Ban (VIDEO)","Donald Trump s disgusting travel ban is a highly divisive issue, and last night it caused a CNN panel to completely devolve into chaos as the panelists went at each other s throats on national television.On CNN Tonight, host Don Lemon had his hands full as he tried to maintain some sort of order and control over his panel guests as they discussed Trump s second version of his travel ban, which bans travelers from 6 majority-Muslim countries. But when former federal prosecutor John Flannery accused Harvard Law School s Alan Dershowitz of supporting the controversial ban due to his apparent pro-Israel views, things got heated rather quickly. Flannery said: Our dear colleague, Alan Dershowitz, I think, hopes that this may secure Israel. I think it s a powerful argument that we ve established religion in this fashion through this ban that is transparently against Muslims. Dershowitz flipped out at this accusation, and fired back: You re lying through your teeth. I never said a word about Israel. When you focus on everything I say about Israel it really raises questions about your own bigotry and biases, so let s get to the point and just keep your mouth shut. Dershowitz then stated that although he felt the ban was  bad policy , Trump was within his constitutional boundaries to order it. He and Flannery sparred over the legalities for a bit, before the conversation circled back around to Israel. Dershowitz then exploded: What does this have to do with Israel? Why in your bigoted background do you have to bring in Israel to attack me? Your bigotry is showing. Flannery responded, I believe that s the reason you re taking the position you are    and this set Dershowitz off. You can t believe anything I say because I m a Jew and a Zionist? For shame on you sir. I never want to be on the show with this bigot again! Lemon then had to step in and try to restore some sort of civil discussion. Without a doubt, Trump s travel ban is one of the worst things he s done in his short disastrous two months as POTUS, and it s raising some very important questions amongst Americans and their biases. You can watch the panel melt down below:Featured image is a screenshot",0
2123, WATCH: Paul Ryan CONFIRMS That Trump’s Wiretapping Accusation Is A Complete Lie,"House Speaker Paul Ryan just dropped the hammer on Donald Trump and his outrageous accusation against President Obama.Just over ten days ago, Trump took to Twitter to openly accuse President Obama of wiretapping him.Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my  wires tapped  in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017Of course, Trump provided absolutely no evidence to support his claims and still has not done so, even after Congress set a deadline for Trump s administration to provide them with it.Well, Trump missed the deadline and Congress extended it, but the writing is already on the wall. Trump lied when he claimed that Obama wiretapped him, and Republicans are admitting it.On Wednesday, House Intelligence Committee chairman Rep. Devin Nunes said there is no evidence to back up Trump s claim. We don t have any evidence that that took place and in fact, I don t believe   just in the last week of time, the people we ve talked to   I don t think there was an actual tap of Trump Tower,  Nunes said.Rep. Adam Schiff concurred, saying,  I ve seen no evidence that supports the claim that Trump made that his predecessor had wiretapped he and his associates at Trump Tower. Thus far, we have seen no basis for that whatsoever. And Paul Ryan buried Trump s claim once and for all during a talk with the press on Thursday. The intelligence committees   in their continuing, ongoing, and widening investigation into all things Russia   got to the bottom, at least so far with respect to our intelligence community, that no such wiretap existed. Here s the video via Twitter.Speaker Paul Ryan, asked about Trump s claim that former President Obama wiretapped him, says  no such wiretap existed . pic.twitter.com/gTF62Dss7Y  CNBC Now (@CNBCnow) March 16, 2017So even though Trump continues to insist that his accusation is accurate, Republicans in Congress have confirmed what the rest of us already know: Trump is full of shit.Featured image via screenshot",0
2124, Trump Decides That Starvation Should Be A Central Theme Of His Budget,"Programs that have kept hungry Americans fed for decades are being slashed so Donald Trump can spend more money on the bloated military budget.Since 1954, the United States has funded Meals On Wheels, a program that supports 5,000 community-based senior nutrition organizations across the nation. Over 2.4 million hungry Americans 60 years of age and older directly benefit from the program.And getting a meal in their bellies is not the only benefit Meals On Wheels provides.According to a research study, the Meals On Wheels program:Improved mental health, specifically decreases in depression and anxietyImproved physical healthReduced likelihood of fallsReduced feelings of isolation and lonelinessLess worry about being able to remain living at homeIncreased feelings of safetyA higher likelihood of eating healthyBasically, Meals On Wheels volunteers serve as a check on the health and well-being of vulnerable senior citizens. They ve literally saved lives.But if Trump has his way, millions of seniors are going to starve and lose all of the other benefits associated with Meals On Wheels.Trump is planning to gut the $3 billion Community Development Block Grant program, which includes Meals On Wheels as part of his heartless plan to increase defense spending. As we should all know, the United States spends more on defense than anyone else in the world and could cut spending in half and still be number one.That defense spending includes $3 billion a year for Israel. So while senior citizens are starving in America, Israel will continue ripping off American taxpayers in their bid to commit genocide against Muslims.Trump is also taking aim at the Food for Peace Program, which is  a State Department program that distributes food assistance in emergencies such as famine and natural disaster, and does some non-emergency food relief. This particular program plays a critical role in American diplomacy because our humanitarian efforts help build American prestige and respect throughout the world.By eliminating these programs, Trump is clearly sending a message to everyone inside and outside our borders that he does not care whether you starve to death or not.And that includes people who voted for Trump, since Trump won the vote of those 65 an older eight points in 2016. Looks like Trump voters are getting screwed again.Meals On Wheels is already struggling as it is to provide meals for the 2.4 million people they currently serve. But as Meal On Wheels explains, the senior citizen population is exploding and hunger is going to get worse.The reality is, more than 10 million seniors in America struggle with hunger, 15.2 million live in isolation and 18.4 million live in or near poverty. And, this problem will only become more serious as the senior population is projected to double by 2050. Families are spread out and elders are left behind, often as they struggle to remain able to take care of themselves.That means Trump is only making hunger in America worse by cutting this program. He should be ashamed of himself, and Republicans should be ashamed as well. Because they can t seriously call themselves  Christians  and not support programs that feed the hungry.Featured Image: Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
2125, Palm Beach County Looks To Levy Tax On Mar-a-Lago To Pay For Cost Of Trump’s Expensive Visits,"Donald Trump has been vacationing at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida nearly every weekend since taking office, and now Palm Beach County intends to force him him to pay for it.The cost of Trump s weekend forays have been devastating for local taxpayers and area businesses.For two months now, they have had to deal with providing extra security, directing traffic, shutting down a local airport, and all the economic hazards Trump has caused.Of course, Trump doesn t care about the people he hurts as long as he gets to throw parties and golf on the taxpayer s dime.So far, Palm Beach County has had to pony up $1.7 million for extra security when Trump is in town.And because of the extra security, businesses in Palm Beach are losing tens of thousands of dollars every weekend, causing many to literally go broke.In fact, Trump s weekend vacations has cost taxpayers on the national level over $10 million and counting and Trump is on pace to play more golf and go on more vacations and spend more money on those vacations in a single year than President Obama did during his whole eight years in office.Palm Beach county residents and officials are especially tired of Trump s visits, and they want their back, which Trump has so far refused to reimburse.So Palm Beach lawmakers are looking to classify Mar-a-Lago as a  municipal service benefit unit  so they can level a special tax on Trump to force the money out of him.County Commissioner Dave Kerner is looking into this method to provide relief to local taxpayers who have had to deal with the burden. It s one thing for a president to visit once in awhile, but every weekend is ridiculous.According to the Palm Beach Post,It could give the county a way to impose a special tax on Trump to reimburse the county for the millions it has shelled out for roadway management and security assistance during the president s frequent trips here.The tax would not be a property tax, Kerner said. Instead, it would be a tax pegged to the value of any  special benefit  the county has provided to Mar-a-Lago s owner   Trump.In other words, if Trump wants to continue taking his little trips to Florida, he ll have to pay the price. And that will at least give the residents of Palm Beach something to smile about when Trump comes to town.Featured Image: Mario Tama/Getty Images",0
2126, Trump Just Got Owned HARD By McDonald’s Twitter Account And The Internet Is ‘Lovin’ It’ (SCREENSHOTS),"It appears that a hacker had a bit of fun with McDonald s corporate Twitter account Thursday morning. You are actually a disgusting excuse of a President and we would love to have Barack Obama back, also you have tiny hands,  the account tweeted to Donald Trump   and whichever nameless hero did it even pinned the tweet.Apparently, the hacker wanted to take the opportunity to make a completely accurate statement about Trump  but The Donald s fans will surely be  boycotting  the fast food giant by buying cheeseburgers and writing TRUMP on the wrapper or something stupid like when they tried to  boycott  Starbucks by buying coffee.Naturally, the internet is  lovin  it :Can't wait for @realDonaldTrump to tell us McDonald's is overrated and that he doesn't even eat mcdonalds. pic.twitter.com/GKKS2OKkmQ  Cole Ledford (@ColeLedford11) March 16, 2017@thehill boycott incoming ?????? aka McDonald's will have record sales.  emjaykay (@XmattymayhemX) March 16, 2017Gotta do some soul searching if McDonald's calls you disgusting.  TBG (@ThatBoysGood) March 16, 2017WENDY'S: Haha, totally roasted this guy on here for forgetting refrigerators exist. So edgy. MCDONALD'S: Hold my beer pic.twitter.com/Qc28ixMuzE  Aaron Sankin (@ASankin) March 16, 2017NSA agents have a suspect for the author of the McDonald's tweet pic.twitter.com/kKBL5pISfJ  Dave Itzkoff (@ditzkoff) March 16, 2017I shall eat at @McDonalds this weekend in support of this brave social media manager's kick-ass tweet. Everyone join me! #dumptrump pic.twitter.com/oTeR4xUBLk  Michael Erickson (@mistererickson) March 16, 2017Times have changed pic.twitter.com/ZRicHP0SSL  Tim Mak (@timkmak) March 16, 2017Dammit McDonald's, stop trying to win back my business so blatantly. pic.twitter.com/AUgGs2TsT2  Alex Kennedy (@ajkjules) March 16, 2017omg, @McDonaldsCorp, but where's @realDonaldTrump gonna get his Big Macs now?!?!?! pic.twitter.com/O5MgUGKxeS  Andrew Kirell (@AndrewKirell) March 16, 2017Later in the day, McDonald s tweeted that their account was compromised and that the tweet, which had long been deleted, had been deleted.Twitter notified us that our account was compromised. We deleted the tweet, secured our account and are now investigating this.  McDonald's (@McDonaldsCorp) March 16, 2017But we will always remember the heroic hacker who took control of McDonald s corporate Twitter account and forced it to tell the truth about our alleged President.Featured image via screengrab",0
2127, Trump’s HHS Secretary Argues That Insurers SHOULD Be Able To Charge Sick People More (VIDEO),"The debate about health care has lead to some pretty ugly comments from the right, but without a doubt, this one is among the most disgusting. Donald Trump s Health and Human Services secretary, Tom Price, recently argued that insurance companies should be allowed to charge sick and elderly people more.According to Price, if we don t let insurance companies charge older, sicker people so much money for coverage that they can t afford it at all and just let them die, then we will find ourselves with any insurance companies period. Well, the fact of the matter is that if we re gonna have any insurers, and the ones that are remaining are saying,  if you con t change this, if you don t stabilize this market, if you don t make it so that we can actually price to the risk of an individual, then we re not gonna be able to stay here at all.' And his answer to this dilemma? To go ahead and allow insurance companies to price sick people completely out of insurance coverage altogether. Now, this may sound like a stupid question, but it s one I have to ask nonetheless. WTF is the point of having insurance at all if you are gonna end up without it when you need it the most? Isn t having insurance to help with the sky-high costs of medical care when you re sick kind of the whole point?Not to mention that this literally means he would rather let people die because they can t afford to see doctors, treatments, and medications so that the insurance companies can save a dollar? It s absolutely disgusting and infuriating. Healthcare is a human right, not just a luxury for the rich.You can watch Trump s health and human services secretary condone allowing insurance companies to price sick people out of health care here:Tom Price: insurers should be able to charge sick people more for coverage. (i.e. price sick people out of insurance) pic.twitter.com/V95SEOFZy4  CAP Action (@CAPAction) March 16, 2017Featured image via video screen capture",0
2128, Trump FURIOUS After Federal Judge Stops His Bigoted Muslim Ban In Its Tracks (VIDEO),"Just hours before Donald Trump s new Muslim ban was set to go into effect, a federal judge in Hawaii blocked the executive order. U.S. District Court Judge Derrick Watson ruled on Wednesday afternoon that the travel ban still doesn t still doesn t pass legal muster. The illogic of the Government s contentions is palpable. The notion that one can demonstrate animus toward any group of people only by targeting all of them at once is fundamentally flawed,  Watson wrote. Equally flawed is the notion that the Executive Order cannot be found to have targeted Islam because it applies to all individuals in the six referenced countries,  Watson added.  It is undisputed, using the primary source upon which the Government itself relies, that these six countries have overwhelmingly Muslim populations that range from 90.7% to 99.8%. It would therefore be no paradigmatic leap to conclude that targeting these countries likewise targets Islam,  Watson added.  Certainly, it would be inappropriate to conclude, as the Government does, that it does not. Trump then proceeded to fly into a rage during a campaign rally in Nashville, Tennessee. (Yes, this man is seriously still holding campaign rallies. But I digress.) While speaking, Trump said the ruling was  terrible  and promised to take the case all the way to the Supreme Court if he had to. We re going to take our case as far as it needs to go, including all the way up to the Supreme Court,  Trump said. We re going to win. The danger is clear. The law is clear. The need for my executive order is clear. Obviously fuming over the decision, Trump insisted that Judge Watson ruled against his Muslim ban for  political reasons.  After all, it simply couldn t be because it s based on bigotry. Trump said that this  makes us look weak  when it comes to fighting terrorism.According to Trump, his latest attempt to ban Muslims from the country was tailored to the dictates of the flawed ruling  on his first ban. This is a watered-down version of the first one,  Trump said.  And let me tell you something, I think we ought to go back to the first one and go all the way, which is what I wanted to to in the first place. Trump also whined that he couldn t say the things he really wanted to say about the judge s decision to halt his bigoted ban because he would be  criticized. I have to be nice otherwise I ll be criticized for speaking poorly about our courts,  he told the crowd.  Among the most dishonest people in the world, I will be criticized. You can watch this segment of Trump s speech here:Featured image via Bill Pugliano/Getty Images",0
2129, Rand Paul’s Solution For Healthcare Is Only Half Horrible (VIDEO),"Rand Paul is a self-described libertarian, but his idea for how to fix our healthcare system sounds awfully socialist. On the right, Paul has been one of the biggest critics of Trumpcare, calling it  Obamacare lite. What we think is being hidden from conservatives is there s a lot of  Obamacare Lite  in their bill,  the Kentucky Republican said on CNN s  New Day  Friday.  There s a new entitlement program.   There is also a Cadillac tax or something similar to the Cadillac tax that was in Obamacare. And there s also an individual mandate, believe it or not. Instead of paying the mandate to the government, they re going to tell you you have to pay the mandate, by law, to an insurance company. Paul, speaking at a Freedom Works rally, had his own proposal, which might as well have been an advertisement for the National Rifle Association. His suggestion is that people should be able to buy health insurance through the NRA.Here s the video: You see what he did there?The truth is, this isn t the worst idea in the world. The NRA is a sizable membership organization, but it s far from the biggest. The fact is, large groups people have a lot more clout than individuals. AAA has 40 million members, as compared to the NRA s 4.5. The AARP would probably be happy to negotiate with insurance companies and sell policies to their members.Inadvertently, though, the rabidly anti-union (but pro-gun) Republican, made the case for unions. Individuals don t have much if any negotiating power with insurance companies, or really, anyone. Still, Republicans want to leave individuals on their own, with the imagined idea that somehow, shopping is equivalent to negotiating. It s not. If you have the option to buy from six overpriced plans, you re still paying too much, but hey, you got a choice.The third largest membership organization in the world is a union. Unfortunately, you have to work for them to get the benefits of their negotiations, but if more people had access to unions, prices would drop across the board.But, there is one major problem with Paul s idea. Most employers, including most union employers, pick up at least part of the monthly tab. That s where the government subsidies that Republicans hate would come in. If an organization like AAA or even the NRA were to offer health insurance, it would still cost a lot more money than a decent employer plan, at least without some government help.Sorry, Republicans, but unions aren t synonymous with corruption anymore than the corporations that supply the paychecks, but they do give workers a voice, and in the case of goods and services, they give workers negotiating power. All free market Republicans should be behind more negotiating power, but the truth is, Republicans only want the market to be free for large corporations. All the rest of us should be at their mercy.Still, even at half bad, it s better than Trumpcare.Featured image via video screen capture",0
2130," Judge Uses Trump’s OWN WORDS To Prove ‘Travel Ban’ Is About Banning Muslims, Slaps Down Order","In the second time in less than two months, Trump s attempt to ban Muslims from entering the United States has been slapped down by a federal judge.The state of Hawaii officially blocked Trump s refashioned executive order that he had hoped would allow him to ban Muslims from certain Middle Eastern countries. The court case was closed just six hours before the ban was scheduled to begin.The temporary restraining order, which applies nationwide, blocks the Trump administration from enforcing sections 2 and 6 of the new executive order   the travel and refugee portions of the order.It will now be up to Trump to decide whether he wants to appeal or give up. The last time he was faced with this reality check, Trump promptly freaked out, promising to  SEE YOU IN COURT    only to later drop plans to appeal. Instead, he had gambled everything on this rewrite. And he just lost again.SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 9, 2017In an incredible twist, US District Judge Derrick Watson used Trump s very own words as part of his reasoning for slapping down the executive order.Judge then QUOTES TRUMP regarding the ""religious animus driving the promulgation of the Executive Order."" pic.twitter.com/T0KCc06RMY  Jessica Huseman (@JessicaHuseman) March 15, 2017It s fitting that Trump s big mouth was his undoing. For years now he has publicly held the position that if elected he would  ban Muslims  from coming to the United States. Now that he is actually in office, his argument was that his executive order had nothing to do with religion. The countries he picked just happened to be Muslim-majority. The people he detained in airports just happened to be Muslims. The exemptions he said would be allowed just happened to be non-Muslims. Judge Watson wasn t buying any of it.Calling Trump s comments  significant and unrebutted evidence of religious animus driving the promulgation of the Executive Order.  Put another way: This order is bigoted to its core   as was the previous one.Watson concluded: Any reasonable, objective observer would conclude, as does the Court for purposes of the instant Motion for TRO, that the stated secular purpose of the Executive Order is, at the very least,  secondary to a religious objective  of temporarily suspending the entry of Muslims. This judge has Trump pegged.Featured image via Michael Reynolds-Pool/Getty Images",0
2131, Darren Wilson Just Admitted He LIED About Michael Brown Trying To Take His Gun,"If you ask any conservative, Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson was completely justified in shooting Michael Brown under extremely suspicious circumstances because the unarmed African-American teenager tried to Grab Wilson s gun.  This, Wilson now admits, is a lie.In his 2014 testimony, Wilson claimed that Brown grabbed his gun and said  you are too much of a pussy to shoot me. The gun goes down into my hip and at that point I thought I was getting shot,  Wilson said   and the Right ate it up.This self-defense claim also allowed the officer to escape without any criminal charges, and was very popular among conservatives, who wanted nothing more than to exonerate their beloved white police officer. But Wilson s answer now is very, very different. In a questionnaire related to a civil trial, he now admits it didn t happen.Wilson now says that not only was the holster designed to prevent the very scenario that he says made him scared enough to shoot the unarmed teen, but that Brown did not try to remove the gun from his holster at all (though he does still maintain that Brown was a living, breathing weapon of mass destruction):Wilson also admits that he used the word  n*gger* to refer to African-Americans, and that he heard other Ferguson cops do the same:At this point, if it is not clear to you that there was a severe miscarriage of justice in not locking this monster up, there is no help for you.Featured image via screengrab",0
2132," Florida Is About To Make Murder Legal – Yes, Really","Soon, if you live in Florida, it will become very difficult to prosecute for murder.Florida s loose murder laws became national headlines with the death of Trayvon Martin, in which a 17-year-old African-American boy was caught in the act of walking at night. George Zimmerman, who was nothing more than a self-appointed neighborhood watch officer, killed Zimmerman in 2012. After more than a year of right-wing media thoroughly trashing the victim, Zimmerman was found not guilty of murder. A Zimmerman of today would find it even easier, assuming the bill passes.If the measure becomes law, the state would again be at the forefront of expanding self-defense laws. Florida would become the first state to apply a tougher standard to the law during the pretrial hearing. Under the measure, the burden of proof would be shifted to prosecutors and defendants would no longer have to present evidence, typically by taking the stand, to prove their claim of self-defense.Instead, prosecutors would have to prove beyond a reasonable doubt   the highest legal standard   that the use of force was not justified. Prosecutors have fiercely opposed the measure, saying it runs counter to the traditional workings of the criminal justice system. Typically, when defendants seek the dismissal of charges at a hearing   arguing entrapment, for example   it is up to them to present evidence and persuade the court, not the other way around.The new standard would require prosecutors to essentially put on a nonjury mini-trial, requiring victims and witnesses to testify twice and delaying the actual trial, prosecutors said. And with defendants no longer required to offer evidence   which usually means taking the stand   there will be little, if any downside, for them to claim a Stand Your Ground defense.Source: New York TimesCurrent Stand Your Ground laws make already make it easy to get away with murder, if you re white. In states with Stand Your Ground laws, there has been an eight percent increase in murder and in non-negligent manslaughter. In other words, more people are dying and more people are getting away with it.Getting away with murder isn t for everyone, though. According to studies,  whites who kill blacks in Stand Your Ground states are far more likely to be found justified in their killings. In non-Stand Your Ground states, whites are 250 percent more likely to be found justified in killing a black person than a white person who kills another white person; in Stand Your Ground states, that number jumps to 354 percent. This proposed Florida law would only make things worse. When the burden of proof lies entirely with the dead guy in murder cases, it s difficult enough to prove, but when you add to the fact that the victim is black, well, you know how things will turn out. As they say, dead men tell no tales. To far too many, though, a dead black man has the presumption of guilt.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
2133, VINDICATION: Sally Yates Nominated For JFK Courage Award For Standing Up To Trump’s Muslim Ban,"The former acting attorney general who became an instant symbol of heroic defiance of Trump when she was fired for refusing to support the administration s unconstitutional Muslim ban has been nominated for a Profile in Courage Award, known as the highest honor given to public servants.The award is named awarded in honor of John F Kennedy and  recognizes a public official (or officials) at the federal, state or local level whose actions demonstrate the qualities of politically courageous leadership in the spirit of Profiles in Courage, President Kennedy s 1957 Pulitzer prize-winning book, which recounts the stories of eight U.S. Senators who risked their careers by embracing unpopular positions for the greater good. It seems like Yates  refusal to enforce an executive order that was not only unconstitutional but unethical as well fits that bill. She was nominated by Democratic politician Jackie Speier who offered this message on Twitter:Just told w/ Sally Yates I've nominated her 4 President Kennedy s Profile in Courage Award 4 standing 4 the public good #ThankYouSallyYates  Jackie Speier (@RepSpeier) January 31, 2017At a time when many politicians are showing a marked lack of courage, Yates stands out from the crowd. In just one egregious example of gutlessness, recently an audio recording taken of Paul Ryan during the presidential campaign proved that he not only despised Trump but viewed him as fundamentally unfit for office. Now that Trump got elected, nobody has been more subservient and docile than Ryan. The lack of backbone is embarrassing to watch, but Ryan is hardly alone. Republicans are nearly unanimous in supporting Trump despite privately admitting they think he is a lunatic. If there were a  Profile in Cowardice  award, this year would have some stiff competition.Despite her popularity among the American public, Yates  decision to stand against Trump couldn t have been an easy one. She was publicly fired from her job as acting Attorney General, only to find that Trump wasn t finished. In characteristic shamelessness, he sicced his attack dogs on her who quickly went to places like Fox News and Breitbart to smear her.Yates  experience is a reminder that opposing Trump, particularly from within the government, is not going to be easy. He will use every tool at his disposal to discredit and attack his critics. Which is why being recognized for the courage it takes to do so is vitally important. It may send a message to other would-be defectors that America is behind them. And Trump s administration will start to unravel at the seams.Featured image via Pete Marovich/Getty Images",0
2134, Conservatives Are Now Threatening The Family Of The Journalist Who Released Trump’s Taxes (TWEETS),"It was obvious this was going to happen, but if you were holding out hope that David Cay Johnston could release Donald Trump s tax returns without facing harassment from his supporters, you will be sad to know that Trump fans are just as horrible as ever. Ever since he broke the story, Johnston says that cowardly Trump supporters have been threatening his wife and one of his children. Trump fans call & harass my wife & 1 of my children after I break story White House confirmed. Sad!  Johnston wrote on Twitter.  Let s have open debate, not threats. Trump fans call & harass my wife & 1 of my children after I break story White House confirmed. Sad! Let's have open debate, not threats.  David Cay Johnston (@DavidCayJ) March 15, 2017Johnston added that he is not intimidated by Trump fiends  attempts to intimidate him, but that the  calls to family are out of bounds, a disturbing sign of how Trump damages civil debate. To be clear, folks, I don't intimidate. But calls to family are out of bounds, a disturbing sign of how Trump damages civil debate.  David Cay Johnston (@DavidCayJ) March 15, 2017On top of that, he says, Trump and his less-stupid-than-Eric-but-still-stupid son have been lying to the American people about the exact taxes The Donald has paid.Trump WH confirms my report, but fakes numbers. Trump paid $36.5m income tax, not $38 & not $40m Don Jr. claims. False WH statements. Sad!  David Cay Johnston (@DavidCayJ) March 15, 2017The release of Trump s taxes did not, ultimately, reveal much (in fact, the very fact that The Donald paid any taxes at all was a positive for him), but one thing is very telling: Trump s attempt to do away with the Alternative Minimum Tax is definitely centered around saving himself money:But for AMT, which Trump wants to scrap, he'd have paid a lower tax rate than the poorest   of Americans   under 3.5% on $152.7 million  David Cay Johnston (@DavidCayJ) March 15, 2017It s unclear why Trump s followers would go after Johnston and his family over this, but once again   it is the norm for the sort of person who would still support Trump.Featured image via Twitter/Getty Images (Pool)/screengrab",0
2135, Meet The Woman Who Took Down Evangelical Pedophile Josh Duggar,"By now, everyone is aware of what took down the Duggar family, of TLC s 19 Kids and Counting fame. It was the explosive revelations that one of the most famous members of the reality television family, Josh, was a pedophile. He had molested his own sisters, as well as other girls in the house. It led to the cancelling of the show, and to the family leaving public life in disgrace. However, no one ever knew who was responsible for it   but now we do.A woman by the name of Sherri Townsend is the one who tipped off InTouch Magazine to the true and sick nature of what was going on in the Duggar clan. They weren t just some weird family who were part of a right-wing religious cult and exploiting their insane beliefs for piles of cash. No   they were a family of child abusers, and Townsend set out to prove it. Prove it she did, and there was the end of the Duggars  reality show goldmine and public promotion of their sick religious cult.Townsend says, via Facebook, of what she did: I m going confess/admit to y all something that I did a couple of years ago that not very many people know was me.I told a reporter from InTouch magazine about Josh Duggar s molestation/pedophilia of his sisters and others, which broke the story and ultimately caused his resignation as the head of the Family Research Council and got his family s hypocrisy-filled show cancelled. Townsend goes on to say that it was a special on so-called  conversion therapy  pushed by anti-LGBTQ religious nuts like the Duggars that got her to reveal who she is: Sitting here sick to my stomach from watching last night s 20/20 expose on conversion therapy camps, I can see that hateful religious bigotry is still alive and well and that the dangerous hate group, the Family Research Council, has doubled down on promoting their brand of bigotry causing terrible harm to countless people. THEY NEED TO BE BROUGHT DOWN. That group is true evil!!! Bringing them down will now be added to my list of causes!!! Good on Sherri Townsend. At the height of his fame, Josh Duggar was working for the anti-gay hate group the Family Research Council, and he and his family were the ultimate right-wing paragons of hate and so-called Christianity. Now, they are pariahs and a national disgrace, as they always should have been.Sherri Townsend, you are one brave woman. Thank you for exposing this hypocrisy, abuse of children, and religious cultism for what it is, and taking these despicable people down.Featured image via Twitter",0
2136, Joe Scarborough Just EVISCERATED Trump’s Attorney On Twitter Over Tax Returns (TWEETS),"The days when Morning Joe host Joe Scarborough would play nice with Donald Trump are definitely over. Not only has Scarborough turned into a major Trump critic, but he s actually going after Trump s team now.While Trump s team scrambles to do damage control after Trump s 2005 tax return was released last night on Rachel Maddow s show, Trump s personal attorney Michael Cohen decided to individually attack anyone who criticized Trump and claim that he d intentionally leaked his tax returns to journalist David Cay Johnston himself. What Cohen didn t bank on was getting into a vicious Twitter war with Scarborough, and getting his a** handed to him in the process!Earlier this morning, Scarborough had weighed in on Trump s tax document, adding to the suggestions that Trump was behind the leak. Scarborough noted that this tax return was suspiciously normal, and wondered why it hadn t been a more current tax document:Cohen saw this and decided to jump in, attacking Scarborough and saying that he  better have proof  to back up his  big mouth    proving that everyone on Trump s team is a bully.Cohen immediately regretted this, because Scarborough hit right back and put it perfectly when he told him to  save your dumb thug routine for someone who gives a damn.  Brutal. Cohen has now resorted to retweeting insults people are making about Scarborough on Twitter, obviously because he s not courageous enough to come up with something himself. Meanwhile, Scarborough is attacking Trump on everything from his tax returns to his wiretapping accusations against former President Barack Obama   which Trump still has yet to provide any evidence for.Once again, the media has shown more guts and spine than anyone on Trump s team, and anyone in the Republican Party for that matter.Featured image via Frederick M. Brown and Drew Angerer / Getty Images",0
2137, CNN Host STUNS Sean Spicer With An ONSLAUGHT Of Facts About Obamacare Repeal (VIDEO),"CNN s Jim Acosta has been a thorn in the Trump administration s side ever since Donald Trump insulted him during a press conference and called him and the news network  fake news . Needless to say, every time Acosta asks a question, Trump s team gets nervous   and this was apparent yesterday when White House Press Secretary found himself cornered by Acosta on the GOP s new healthcare plan at a White House briefing.When Acosta brought up the fact that the Republicans  new plan would result in millions of Americans losing their insurance   a fact that was confirmed by the Congressional Budget Office   Spicer almost blew up trying to defend the GOP s plan. Acosta asked: Would you concede that there will be some coverage losses, perhaps in the millions? There will be millions of people who will not have health insurance because of what you re doing. Spicer tried to argue against Obamacare s individual mandate, stating that many Americans already chose not to purchase Obamacare, instead opting to pay penalties   but Acosta wasn t having any of it. Acosta replied: The mandate forces people to buy insurance so you don t have the free rider problem. You have free riders and those folks end up in car accidents and end up at the emergency room. And then health care is much more expensive. Spicer tried to hit back and say that Obamacare  forced people to buy plans that they did not like that were mandated by the government,  but Acosta continued to lay into him with fact after fact. Acosta was quick to point out that the CBO stated that over 20 million fewer Americans would have coverage by 2020, and argued that government-run health care like Obamacare was not the problem. Acosta said: Medicare is government-run health care. I don t see citizens screaming that they want you to get rid of their Medicare. Acosta and Spicer went back and forth over the GOP s new healthcare plan for several minutes, and it was clear that Spicer was unraveling and about to lose it. You can watch Acosta rail against Spicer below:Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
2138, Ruby Rose And Chrissy Teigan Troll Donald Trump’s Wiretapping Nonsense In Hilarious Twitter Spoof,"The longer Donald Trump and his merry band of authoritarian misfits carry on with the baseless claims that President Barack Obama wiretapped Trump Tower during the 2016 election cycle, the more subject they are to merciless and unrelenting ridicule. The latest people to troll Trump? Entertainers Chrissy Teigan and Ruby Rose.The two women had been on Lip Sync Battle together, and they used that as a way to riff on Trump s insane allegations against the former president. Taking to Trump s favorite platform for communication, Twitter, Teigan and Rose engaged in a back and forth in which they pointed Trump s own insanity back at him:The best part is that Ruby Rose pretty much outright calls Trump crazy. That s because he is. As funny as this is though, and as well-deserved as the mockery here and elsewhere is, it is also frightening. Donald Trump is president of the United States. What he says   even via Twitter   is of the utmost importance. He lies incessantly   pathologically, even, and seems at times to be downright delusional. That is dangerous for the nation and the world, to have such a person holding the nuclear codes.Keep the mockery up, celebs. Perhaps Trump will go so far off the rails that the men in white coats will come for him, and we ll all be saved.Featured image via Michael Buckner/Getty Images (Teigan)/Lisa Maree Williams/Getty Images (Ruby Rose)",0
2139," House Intelligence Committee: Trump Lied About Obama, Absolutely Zero Evidence Of Wiretapping (VIDEO)","Less than 24 hours after Trump s press secretary Sean Spicer said the president was  extremely confident  that his accusations against Obama for wiretapping Trump Tower would be proven correct, the House Intelligence Committee scheduled a press conference to say they found zero evidence that this happened. Absolutely zero.House Intel Chair Devin Nunes has been a strong Trump supporter and has repeatedly flirted with launching a full-fledged investigation into Trump s claims that Obama spied on him. Instead, after a week of complete nonsense, Nunes said he and his committee are confident there was not  an actual tap of Trump Tower.  This directly contradicts Trump s unfounded accusation:How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017Despite repeated calls to provide evidence, Trump has not done so. Nunes said in light of the lack of evidence, he isn t buying it.GOP House Intel Chair on Trump's claim:  We don t have any evidence that took place   I don t think there was an actual tap of Trump Tower  pic.twitter.com/Ojco3ZFJ1f  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) March 15, 2017Trump has failed to provide any details about the allegations he made against Obama. According to a timeline of events and also staffers within the White House, Trump got his information   which would implicate Obama in a major felony   from a story run on white nationalist website Breitbart, which, in turn, had lifted the conspiracy theory almost verbatim from a conservative radio host named Mark Levin. Neither Breitbart nor Levin bothered to offer any proof for these allegations. (In fairness, neither probably expected that their Obama hit job pieces would find their way into the president s early morning tweetstorms and their regular readers, eager to hate Obama, don t typically require evidence for their outrageous claims.)So it s painfully obvious that Trump is a unrepentant liar, but being a Republican hack meant Nunes couldn t let it go at that. He had to try to paint Obama as sinister in other ways. Rather than admit his president is a liar who made these allegations without a shred of proof, Nunes expanded his definition of  spying  to include the  incidental collection of Americans that were possibly tied to Trump s campaign.  He hoped this would mean Americans would see that as an intrusion of Trump s privacy.Which is extremely weird because that only goes to show the uncomfortable relationships between Trump and the Russians during the campaign. The very fact that their were  incidental collections  of information on Trump s staffers was because those staffers (think Michael Flynn) were communicating with Russian operatives who were under surveillance. This would be like having a chat with an ISIS leader then being mad that the CIA listened in.Ironically, that makes Trump and his goons look much worse than either Obama or the CIA.So how does Nunes sleep at night knowing he s supporting a president who is   at best   a pathological liar? He said he s not sure Trump was being  literal  when he accused Obama of the worst political crime since Watergate:House Intel Chair Devin Nunes:  Are you going to take the tweets literally? And if you are, then clearly the president is wrong. via @MSNBC pic.twitter.com/6inD1Nd89J  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) March 15, 2017Featured image via Twitter",0
2140, WHOA: Trump State Campaign Chair BUSTED Shacking Up In Hotel Room With Underage Boy,"Donald Trump s Oklahoma campaign chair is a standup guy   except when he s laying down with children, that is.  On Tuesday, The Oklahoman reported that state Senator Ralph Shortey was busted last Thursday getting a hotel room with an underage teen boy. On March 9   officers of the Moore Police Department were contacted in reference to a welfare check at a local hotel,  Lt. Kyle Dudley told the publication.  Responding officers found a juvenile male in a hotel room which was also occupied by an adult male. The circumstances surrounding this incident are currently under investigation and no additional information can be released at this time. Police thus far refuse to release a full report on the incident.Shortey (who is best-known for a bill that would ban the use of aborted fetuses in food) registered himself and his underage  guest  as adults at a Super 8 in Moore for a single night, checking in on March 8 and out on March 9. It says two adults registered,  the motel manager says   at 12:20 a.m. Responding to a welfare check call, police arrived while the the two were still in the room and took pictures according to an employee at the hotel.No charges have been filed yet, but police are investigating text messages sent between the boy and Shortey, who announced in 2015 that he was  proud to be tapped  to chair Trump s 2016 campaign in Oklahoma.This is something that must be embarrassing for Shortey, who recently bragged that he had lunch with Donald Trump Jr.:What was Shortey doing with an underage boy in a hotel room after midnight? There s no way to know for certain yet. But let s hope the child was not harmed.Featured image via Facebook",0
2141, Trump Screams ‘FAKE NEWS’ Over His Tax Returns And Gets CREAMED By Twitter (TWEETS),"The White House may have verified the legitimacy of Donald Trump s tax returns after they were released by Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist David Cay Johnston, but that didn t stop Donald Trump from turning around on Wednesday and claiming that they are  FAKE NEWS. Does anybody really believe that a reporter, who nobody ever heard of,  went to his mailbox  and found my tax returns?  Trump screeched on Twitter.  FAKE NEWS! Does anybody really believe that a reporter, who nobody ever heard of, ""went to his mailbox"" and found my tax returns? @NBCNews FAKE NEWS!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 15, 2017First off, people have heard of Johnston. He s been around for quite a while and has even written a book about Donald Trump   a fact that would attract someone who would want to leak some of Trump s tax returns, especially since it was his tax reporting that earned him his Pulitzer.The puzzling nature of Donald Trump s outburst was not lost on the American people, who showed up to mock him for calling something that is 100% fact  FAKE NEWS,  especially when there is every reason to think that Trump leaked the document himself:.@realDonaldTrump @NBCNews It actually shows you paid taxes why on Earth would you say fake news?  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) March 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump @NBCNews the document that was in the mailbox was a photocopy of YOUR version of the document. The leak was on YOUR end.  Kevin (@TheKevinDent) March 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump @NBCNews You planted those tax returns. Why else would it say ""client copy""? pic.twitter.com/Ke5QjyiW82  #TheResistance (@AynRandPaulRyan) March 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump @NBCNews He probably got it through your microwave.  Jeffrey Grubb (@JeffGrubb) March 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump @oppstn And if they're fake news why did the White House release a statement with the same data as the returns he had?  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) March 15, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Fake news, or fake outrage?  Simon Hedlin (@simonhedlin) March 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump @NBCNews FAKE NEWS? You confirmed the validity of the tax return. How could this possible be fake?  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) March 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump @NBCNews He won the Pulitzer for reporting that's why YOU'VE never heard of him.  DJ1028 (@Dj1028Peck) March 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump @NBCNews does any really believe you didn't leak them John Miller?  Ned Newhouse (@Ned_Newhouse) March 15, 2017Donald Trump has a long history of leaking information about himself that, like this partial tax return, would be viewed as positive for him. That fact, combined with the words  CLIENT COPY  stamped across the top of the returns, is a strong indicator that The Donald did an impression of two Russian prostitutes standing on President Obama s bed in a Moscow hotel   he leaked himself.Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)/screengrab",0
2142, Trump’s Border Wall Sh*t Just Got Real – Texans Receive Notices To Sell Or Have Their Land Taken,"Texas landowners along the U.S.-Mexico border have begun receiving notices from the federal government saying that they re coming to either buy, or take, parcels of land for Trump s pointless border wall. According to the Texas Observer, landowners are receiving  Declarations of Taking  notices that offer a price for the piece that the government wants. If the landowners refuse that, then they may see those parts of their property taken via eminent domain.One landowner, Yvette Salinas, got her notice back in January. She d been dreading it for a while because of George W. Bush s focus on a border fence. Under Obama, she d been able to relax a bit because he focused on patrolling and monitoring the border in ways that didn t include taking land and building a wall.Now, with Trump in office, this shit has just gotten real. Whether any of these preparations happened while Obama was still in office or not, it s Trump who is pushing the wall forward as quickly as he can. It s one of his focal points, and it will be his government that buys up or takes the land.The introduction in Salinas  letter reads like this: The United States of America is acquiring property along its border with Mexico in order to construct a fence and related improvements designed to secure the border, as required by the Secure Fence Act of 2006. They offered Salinas and her family $2,900 for 1.2 acres of land   the same amount for the same land that the government offered her under George W. Bush years earlier. The tiny community in which she lives Los Ebanos lies entirely within the floodplain of the Rio Grande. That land is protected by a treaty with Mexico that forbids the building of structures that could force floodwaters into other communities, and has been an obstacle towards border wall construction.Under Trump, though, Los Ebanos seems to have become a focal point. The government has already completed surveys and planning for a wall there. Despite increasing problems with costs, the fact that crossings are down, and the fact that Republicans are voicing their discomfort with the idea, Trump keeps hammering the wall as the way to secure the border.It s impossibly stupid. People who live along the border prefer the technological surveillance and the presence of the U.S. Border Patrol to a wall because they believe that s more effective and costs a hell of a lot less. And they don t have to give up pieces of land that have been in their families for generations for that.They also know people will still cross whether there s a wall or not.Salinas doesn t want to sell that bit of land but she doesn t know what to do. The community doesn t want to allow the wall to be built through there, either, but neither can they afford to have the U.S. government sue them, and they risk having their land taken without compensation if they try to fight.Featured image by Erik S. Lesser via Getty Images",0
2143, Former Virginia Mayor Could Get 40 Years After Pleading Guilty To Trading Meth For Sex (VIDEO),"The former mayor of Fairfax City in Virginia is facing up to 40 years in prison after he pled guilty to trading crystal meth for sex. Richard  Scott  Silverthorne entered a guilty plea to one charge of distributing methamphetamine on Monday.This shocking story began in August of 2016 when Silverthorne was arrested. Police say they got a tip that he was using a website to set up casual sexual encounters and distribute meth. An undercover officer set up a fake profile on the site and Silverthorne took the bait. In just days he had responded to the undercover officer and arranged to meet him at the Crowne Plaza Hotel in McLean, Virginia. The police set up a sting operation and busted him when he gave the undercover cop two grams of meth. During the raid, police arrested Silverthorne and two other men.Silverthorne was released on his own recognizance last August and had remained free since then. It was expected that he would be released today to await his sentencing hearing, but instead, he was sent to jail. Reports say that there were  audible gasps  in the courtroom when the judge made the announcement.His sentencing hearing is scheduled for June 9. He could receive a maximum of 40 years behind bars and a hefty $500,000 fine. However, his attorney, Brian Drummond, says he is hopeful that Silverthorne will get time served and be placed on probation because of the decades he has spent as a public servant with no criminal record.Before he was caught trading drugs for sex, Silverthorne had been re-elected as Fairfax City Mayor. He was also a substitute teacher who worked in the Fairfax County Public Schools. After he was arrested, a special election was held in February of 2017 to replace him.You can watch more on this story here, via ABC7: Featured image via video screen capture",0
2144, Trump Already Going Ballistic Over Maddow Getting His Tax Returns – Releases Unhinged Statement,"Trump has long claimed that he was legally not allowed to release his tax returns because of an alleged  audit  that required him to keep them a secret. This has been repeatedly debunked by legal experts and tax experts   and now Trump himself. After learning Rachel Maddow had obtained his 2005 tax returns and was planning on breaking it on live television, Trump s White House freaked out and released the tax returns themselves. So much for the audit lie.The statement, like many of Trump s reactionary tantrums, was light on culpability and focused mostly on whining about how unfair it was that his taxes would be released this way.You know you are desperate for ratings when you are willing to violate the law to push a story about two pages of tax returns from over a decade ago.Ironically, the question of whether the current president is in violation of the law   specifically conflict of interest laws   is exactly why Rachel Maddow and other investigative journalists are looking into Trump s taxes in the first place. And because he is the first president in decades to flatly refuse to release them,  leaking  the documents to the public is the only way they ll come to light.WH responds to MSNBC report on Trump tax returns: ""you know you are desperate when you willing to violate the law "" pic.twitter.com/DCedFdxWCc  Jim Acosta (@Acosta) March 15, 2017Trump s statement   which appears to have been hastily written, in part, by Trump himself   claims he paid around $38 million in taxes while pulling in around $150 million in income. The document, as summarized by the Daily Beast, goes into more detail:The documents show Trump and his wife Melania paying $5.3 million in regular federal income tax a rate of less than 4% However, the Trumps paid an additional $31 million in the so-called  alternative minimum tax,  or AMT. Trump has previously called for the elimination of this tax.So in Trump s ideal world, he would like billionaires like himself to pay a 4% tax while using loopholes and tax havens to avoid paying the lion s share of what he owes. That s pretty pathetic coming from a person who has been using his time in office to dismantle welfare programs and cut spending in the arts and sciences.There is an alternative theory about the tax returns: Trump  leaked  them himself, all so he could freak out about it later.Johnston: possible POTUS leaked returns   ""Donald has a long history of leaking material about himself when he thinks it's in his interest.""  Betsy Klein (@betsy_klein) March 15, 2017What would his  interest  be: One could argue that this might be the very best tax return he has. As reporters get closer to his more recent filings, he may have leaked this document to placate journalists, be seen throwing a tantrum, and hope that everyone moved on. If that s the case, reporters should be encouraged to dig even harder. They have clearly struck a nerve.Featured image via Michael Reynolds-Pool/Getty Images",0
2145, Comey GOING PUBLIC With Russia/Trump Investigation After Pressure From Congress,"FBI Director James Comey could very likely be the reason we have a President Trump. Just shy of two weeks prior to the 2016 election, Comey sent a letter to Congress that essentially said that his investigation into then-Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton s private email server could potentially be re-opened. Despite his open condemnation of Hillary s activities, Comey kept mum on the investigations   the much more SERIOUS inquires   on the other side, which would be those into the possible collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign into the election s eventual outcome.Well, all of that is now coming to a head. Trump s team has been repeatedly caught being linked to Russia and lying about it. His national security adviser, Michael Flynn, was forced to resign for his lies to Mike Pence about his Russia ties, and has since registered with the United States government as a foreign agent. It has also been found that the newly confirmed Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, has been forced to recuse himself from any Russia-Trump investigations due to his lying to Senator Al Franken during his confirmation hearings regarding his own conversations with the Ambassador to Russia.Now, it seems that there is a firm way to bring this to an end. Senator Lindsey Graham (R-SC) and Senator Sheldon Whitehouse (D-RI) seem to have had a meeting with FBI Director Comey on March 2. According to Whitehouse, during that meeting, Comey promised him and his GOP counterpart that they would have the answer we ve all been waiting for by this coming Wednesday   which is whether or not the Federal Bureau of Investigation is actively probing the activities of the Trump campaign with regards to Russia and the 2016 election.Whitehouse says that not only will Comey tell them whether or not he and his agency are investigating Trump s Russia ties, but he will also go into  the scope of their Russia/Trump investigation because he had not been able to at that point say that there was one. Well, this should definitely be interesting. After all, Comey was more than willing to throw the election to Trump by screwing Hillary Clinton with nonsense that amounted to nothing, while Vladimir Putin installed a Russian agent and his cronies as head of the United States government. Hopefully, once Comey is under oath, whatever is revealed will take Trump down once and for all.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
2146, The CBO Caught Trump In Another YUUUGE Lie; Entire Premise For Repealing Obamacare Out The Window,"Other than the wall and maybe the Muslim ban, the signature issue for Donald Trump the presidential candidate was repealing and replacing Obamacare, which he sold to his voters under the guise that it was about to implode   this year, as a matter of fact.We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 11, 2017But while the Congressional Budget Office was scoring Trumpcare, and declared it a complete disaster which would result in tens of millions of people losing their health insurance, they completely put to bed the idea that Obamacare is about to implode.The paragraph isn t the easiest thing to read, especially if you have Donald Trump level reading skills, but here it is:Under current law, most subsidized enrollees purchasing health insurance coverage in the nongroup market are largely insulated from increases in premiums because their out-of-pocket payments for premiums are based on a percentage of their income; the government pays the difference. The subsidies to purchase coverage combined with the penalties paid by uninsured people stemming from the individual mandate are anticipated to cause sufficient demand for insurance by people with low health care expenditures for the market to be stable.Vox translated it this way:Translating from wonk-ese, the subsidies offered to lower-income people under ACA are scaled both to income and to the local price of health insurance. Which means that for heavily subsidized customers, the higher premiums don t drive people out of the marketplace. And there are enough young and healthy people who qualify for generous subsidies to ensure a stable long-term risk pool.Despite the report, Trump is still going along with the idea that Obamacare is set to implode. On Fox News on Monday, he said,  It s a disaster if we let it go for another year, it ll totally implode. Here s that video:.@POTUS on #ObamaCare:  It s a disaster.   If we let it go for another year, it ll totally implode.  pic.twitter.com/V0EmWafqHD  Fox News (@FoxNews) March 13, 2017Really, that s not the least clever strategy in the world. If you tell people they are going to lose their healthcare anyway, they might be more amenable to eating the shit sandwich the GOP is trying to feed them in place of healthcare. We can t let the nation fall for it. Obamacare is not about to implode. We have time to make it better.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2147, Sean Spicer Finally Admits Obama Probably Didn’t Spy On Trump Through ‘Microwaves’ (VIDEO),"According to White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer, Kellyanne Conway s completely serious suggestion that President Obama used  microwaves  to spy on Donald Trump was simply a remark made  in jest. Ever since Trump s prized idiot first claimed that Obama used microwave ovens to keep tabs on The Donald, experts have weighed in, pointing out that you d have to be the biggest moron in the universe to believe for even a second that it is a  fact of modern life  (as Conway says) that a microwave is useful for spying on someone. During his Tuesday press briefing, a reporter with a  what-the-fuck-am-I-even-saying-is-this-really-what-my-life-has-become?  look on her face asked Spicer if Donald Trump  believes he was surveilled through microwaves and televisions. I will just say the president has tweeted about this,  Spicer replied.  He s pretty clear that he believes there was surveillance that was conducted during the 2016 election. and we re going to wait for the conclusion of that. I think there is pretty sound evidence that the microwave is not a sound way of surveilling someone, and I think that has been cleaned up. It was made in jest. So I think we can put that to rest. Sorry, Spicy. Conway and the Trump administration will never live down the ridiculous assertion that Barack Obama spied on Trump through the microwave   especially as long as you choose to cling to the equally ridiculous notion that our last legitimate President tapped the  wires  at Trump Tower to spy on the campaign.Watch Spicer try to put the whole microwave thing to rest below:",0
2148," Trump Just Had The Most AWKWARD Moment With Saudi Crown Prince, HUMILIATES Himself (VIDEO)","Donald Trump s relationship with the press is problematic, to say the least   and he only has himself to thank for that. Thanks to his abrasive, immature nature and his nonstop lies and  alternative facts , Trump has made the political news environment extremely tense, prompting the press to push back every time he goes off the rails or puts the American people at risk. And to people in other countries, this is absolutely baffling.Earlier today, Trump met with Saudi Arabian Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and pretty much ruined the meeting by trying to impress the prince. Desperate for approval and a good first impression, Trump decided to make a sarcastic remark and throw the press under the bus, and he humiliated himself when it failed to have the desired effect.In the Oval Office, Trump and the prince sat down for a photo op with reporters and photographers. In the footage, Trump is seen looking nasty and pissed off for the cameras, visibly irritated by something. Finally, he breaks his scowl, turns to the prince and points to members of the press corps and sarcastically remarks: Very nice people. Trump probably thought he was so cool and clever, until his  joke  feel flat. The prince didn t get Trump s weird, awkward sense of humor and instead of joining in on the insult like Trump probably hoped he would, the prince let out an uneasy laugh, tilted his head and said: We hope so. The prince didn t know it, but it was the perfect response to shut down Trump s bullying of the media. And apparently, people are loving every second of this on Twitter: Trump embarrassing himself in front of other world leaders has now become the norm, and America s reputation continues to deteriorate every time he fails to act presidential. We could hope that this awkward moment with the prince might teach him a lesson, but that s just wishful thinking at this point.Featured image via Sean Rayford / Getty Images",0
2149, Oxford Fellow GLORIOUSLY Buries Trump For Trying To Discredit CBO Report On Trumpcare,"Donald Trump just got owned.On Monday, the Congressional Budget Office graded the GOP healthcare bill that they dubiously named the  American Healthcare Act. And the results were not good at all.Despite Trump calling the bill  wonderful  and claiming that everybody in America will have health insurance coverage, the CBO pointed out that the bill would cause 24 million Americans to lose their healthcare and would make the price of healthcare skyrocket.Of course, Trump administration officials immediately attacked the CBO report. We disagree strenuously with the report that was put out,  Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price said.  It s just not believable, is what we would suggest,  Price continued, insisting that the GOP healthcare plan will cover more people and make healthcare more affordable.Trump s Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney also dismissed the report and attacked the CBO. This is exactly what we thought the CBO would come forth with,  he said.  They re terrible at counting coverage. The CBO report is full of errors   not errors, they re just bad assumptions like that. It s the only way you can get to these bizarre numbers. The reaction from Trump s administration was predictable, and Oxford Fellow Brian Klaas brilliantly prepared for it by pointing out at least 13 instances where Trump used CBO reports to attack President Obama.Trump s team will try to discredit the CBO assessment of its health care bill this week.Here are 13x he used CBO estimates to attack Obama pic.twitter.com/bAEyxubnXv  Brian Klaas (@brianklaas) March 13, 2017You know, because Trump is a hypocrite.And Trump can t say that the CBO is wrong just because it gave him a report he doesn t like.As it turns out, Trump s Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price and his Republican colleagues in Congress picked the official who currently runs the Congressional Budget Office.The CBO is *the* trusted expert; it is led by a Republican. Price helped pick the director. And Trump used CBO stats 13x to attack Obama. https://t.co/QMdy3fLEfq  Brian Klaas (@brianklaas) March 13, 2017Here s Trump s Health Secretary praising the selection of the *Republican* HE HELPED PICK to run the CBO. Now he s attacking CBO estimates. https://t.co/QdHx8RBGpm  Brian Klaas (@brianklaas) March 14, 2017The Congressional Budget Office is a nonpartisan agency that is tasked with providing Congress with objective analysis of bills relating to economic and budgetary decisions.What Trump and Republicans got from the CBO report is the facts. But they don t like the facts so they are attacking the CBO despite the fact that they picked the guy who runs it. Apparently, they expected him to be biased and run it dishonestly.Featured image via screenshot",0
2150, Trump Claims That Optimism In America Is ‘Great’ Because He’s Making Wealthy CEOs Happy,"Donald Trump keeps pretending that everyone is so happy and optimistic since he took office. Twitter users were quick to blow apart his delusional alternate reality.In yet another post on his favorite social media platform, Trump declared that there is  great optimism in America  in response to a Bloomberg report that CEOs are more optimistic now than they have been in years.Great optimism in America   and the results will be even better! https://t.co/SYBl47CsZn  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 14, 2017Of course, that s all because Trump is gutting regulations that protect workers and the environment and has promised to slash corporate taxes to new lows.But while America s wealthy CEOs are smiling about how much wealthier they are about to become, such moves have not made Americans very optimistic at all.Because while Trump s decisions are making CEOs happy, they re not the ones who will suffer because of them.In response to Trump s declaration, Twitter users were quick to point out that the American people are not at all optimistic about what is happening in Trump s America.@robbystarbuck @realDonaldTrump @markets And bad for the healthcare of the most vulnerable Americans, but  yay job growth.  ?  Amy Hunt (@threejuniormnts) March 14, 2017.@realDonaldTrump The CEOs may be optimistic about sales. But the people do not seem as optimistic about your presidency. pic.twitter.com/jS3KZkZ3LB  Simon Hedlin (@simonhedlin) March 14, 2017.@realDonaldTrump The American people were actually much more optimistic about both Obama and Bush. pic.twitter.com/OqOGXiFsLr  Simon Hedlin (@simonhedlin) March 14, 2017.@realDonaldTrump You re saying that there is  great optimism in America.  I m not so sure about that. pic.twitter.com/QttDZFU92W  Simon Hedlin (@simonhedlin) March 14, 2017.@realDonaldTrump The rich get richer. Great plan Cheeto.  Tommy Campbell (@MrTommyCampbell) March 14, 2017@realdonaldtrump Especially among the 24m losing health insurance, huh Donald? Nothing cheers me up more than thoughts of an early death.  Dan Howdle (@DanHowdle) March 14, 2017@realDonaldTrump yeah, that s what happens when you give tax breaks to CEOs  Troy Osinoff (@yo) March 14, 2017The bottom line is that the American people are not confident in Trump and they are sure as hell not optimistic, especially since Trump is busy doing everything he can to make the future of this country less certain.CEOs may be getting richer but the rest of us definitely aren t and we re the ones who have to live the environment these CEOs pollute and we are the ones who have to work in the unsafe and unfair working conditions that will result from Trump s assault on regulations. We re also the ones who will have to suffer because of Trumpcare. The CEOs, meanwhile, can pay for all the fresh air, water, and healthcare money can buy and they ll continue to help Trump make the world worse for the rest us while laughing all the way to the bank.Featured image via Aude Guerrucci-Pool/Getty Images",0
2151, Paul Ryan Exposed As SPINELESS As Leaked Audio Shows Him TRASHING Trump (VIDEO),"It s no secret that Speaker of the House Paul Ryan is spineless   that s a reputation he s earned for himself throughout his entire career. But thanks to an audio clip from October 2016 that has just resurfaced, everyone is now being reminded how unreliable and weak Ryan truly is when it comes to holding to his beliefs.Coming at a time when Ryan is receiving tons of negative criticism due to his celebration that the CBO report on the American Health Care Act is going to cost millions of Americans to lose their health insurance, this looks pretty bad for the House Speaker. The footage from October 2016 was posted by none other than Breitbart, and it shows Ryan distancing himself from Trump after the corrupt businessman s misogynistic comments on the infamous Access Hollywood footage. Ryan can be heard saying: I am not going to defend Donald Trump, not now, not in the future. I m not going to be campaigning with him for the next 30 days. I m doing what I think is best for you, the members, not what s best for me. I m going to focus my time on campaigning for House Republicans. Ryan then trashed Trump, suggesting that he was an awful nominee that pretty much had no chance. He stated the only way the GOP might survive would be to preserve a House majority: It s amazing how easily she could be beaten. We need a check on Hillary Clinton, if Donald Trump and Mike Pence don t win the presidency. You can listen to Ryan trash Trump below:In response to the leaked audio, Ryan spokesman Brendan Buck said: The world is well aware of this history. And obviously a lot has happened since then. Yes, a lot HAS happened since then   but Ryan is still spineless as ever and is now kissing Trump s ass. The GOP should be ashamed of him.Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",0
2152," Trump Decides To Gut United Nations Funding By 50 Percent, Embarrassing And Endangering America On The World Stage","Donald Trump has decided to go through with his threat to defund the United Nations in retaliation for making a decision he didn t like.America has been the foremost leader on the international stage ever since World War II. After the war, the United States led the way in creating a more united and cooperative world by founding the United Nations to serve as a peacekeeping and humanitarian organization.The United Nations headquarters in located in New York and America has veto power and a seat on the prestigious United Nations Security Council.But now Donald Trump is preparing to slash funding to the United Nations by 50 percent, a move that would be a major blow against international cooperation and our reputation around the globe.Not only will the United Nations be cut by $5 billion, Trump s plan also makes a 37 percent cut to the State Department and U.S. Agency for International Development budgets.And it s all in an effort by Trump to increase the already bloated military budget.United Nations expert Richard Gowan warned that cutting the funding would cause chaos and could cause agencies and programs within the United Nations to implode as other countries struggle to fill the gaps. Cutting the U.S. contribution would leave a gaping hole that other big donors would struggle to fill,  Gowan said.  Multiply that across other humanitarian agencies, like the World Food Program, and you are basically talking about the breakdown of the international humanitarian system as we know it. Indeed, the budget cuts could be devastating to the United Nations and threaten to bury international cooperation as we know it.Republicans have even drafted a bill directing Trump to withdraw the United States from the organization entirely.That means the United States would also be withdrawing from the World Bank, the International Court of Justice, the World Health Organization, the International Monetary Fund, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), and the International Atomic Energy Agency, among many others.And because the United States is cutting funding, the United Nations may look to China or Russia to replace the funding, which could pave the way for a new power structure as the United States withdraws support.It s not only a serious blow to humanitarian efforts and global peacekeeping efforts, it s a serious rejection of international diplomacy and cooperation.And it s all because Trump and Republicans did not like that the United Nations passed a resolution condemning the continued building of Israeli settlements on Palestinian territory even though such resolutions have passed before.Trump is literally defunding the United Nations because they didn t comply with his demands despite the fact that President Obama was still in office at the time.This is absolutely humiliating for the United States and it should horrify the American people that Trump is withdrawing our country from the international community. Our influence and respect throughout the world will wane because of this decision and it will be difficult to regain it.America is once again becoming an isolationist nation, and the last time we ignored the world around us over 100 million people were killed in two world wars. By ignoring the world again and the growing humanitarian crisis, we are paving the way for World War III. And make no mistake, such a war today will make the first two world wars look like minor skirmishes.Featured Image: Wikimedia",0
2153, Trump Tries Taking Credit For Jobs Created By Obama Economy And Gets BURIED For It,"Donald Trump is getting fantastically mocked right now for bragging about jobs that are being created as a result of President Obama s economic policies.As soon as the February jobs report was released, Trump and conservative media immediately jumped all over the report as proof that Trump is creating jobs in America as he promised to do during the campaign.The problem is that Trump once called these jobs reports  phony  when they were issued under President Obama, who oversaw a record 75 consecutive months of job creation in this country.But now that Trump is in office, he is touting the jobs reports as  real  and is taking credit for the job creation even though that job creation is directly tied to Obama s economic policies   Trump has not yet done anything at all with regard to the economy.Apparently, Trump watched Fox News on Tuesday morning and decided to brag on Twitter about the job creation.JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! pic.twitter.com/wAkQMKdPXA  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 14, 2017Of course, Trump hasn t been in office long enough to see what affect his economic policies will have on the job market. Plus he really hasn t done much on the economy because all he has done so far is issue executive orders. Basically, Trump is trying to take credit for job creation that should be attributed to President Obama in order to make himself look competent.Twitter users, of course, were the first to call out Trump s bullshit.@realDonaldTrump @oppstn pic.twitter.com/0jBlXBtetK  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) March 14, 2017@realDonaldTrump You use Fox as a credible source of factual information ???  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) March 14, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/RUtzdDaE8Q  JoeMyGod (@JoeMyGod) March 14, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/x7zGyAMvH5  Travis Nichols (@travisjnichols) March 14, 2017@realDonaldTrump by Obama*  Ines Helene (@inihelene) March 14, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Thanks Obama! pic.twitter.com/WtAu1ZaylU  Khary Penebaker (@kharyp) March 14, 2017@realdonaldtrump You believe the numbers now, but they were all FAKE before you took office? https://t.co/uNhQpdSv71 Asshole.  Eric Litman (@ericlitman) March 14, 2017@realDonaldTrump But Donald, you ve been saying for YEARS that these numbers are FAKE NEWS.You understand how this makes you look. Right?  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) March 14, 2017@realDonaldTrump can you explain how 235k jobs lowered unemployment from 42% as you said it was to just 4.7% as you now claim it is?  William LeGate (@williamlegate) March 14, 2017Yep. JOBS, JOBS, JOBS  will be lost if you repeal #ACA. @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/JKRFonXK7W  Caroline O. (@RVAwonk) March 14, 2017And many of the JOBS JOBS JOBS that are lost will be in states that voted for you. @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/02SQAbj4FM  Caroline O. (@RVAwonk) March 14, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Would you like to point to any specific policies you ve enacted that created these jobs? Right. None. #freeloader #resist  SuCh (@SuCh) March 14, 2017@realDonaldTrumpObama Obama Obama! pic.twitter.com/cYD0cpqG9N  Diva (@sammypolsen12) March 14, 2017Featured image via Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
2154, WATCH: Trump Misses Deadline To Provide Proof Of Wiretapping And Get Called Out For Being A Liar,"If Donald Trump really had proof that President Obama wiretapped him he would have revealed it long before now.Over a week ago, Trump accused Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower without providing a single shred of evidence of back up his claim.Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my  wires tapped  in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017The tweets created a firestorm as the media quickly called Trump out and even Republicans wanted no part of Trump s bullshit. However, Congress left the door open for Trump by setting a deadline for him to provide evidence supporting his accusation.White House mouthpiece Sean Spicer then tried to start backing away from the accusation, claiming Trump didn t mean  wiretapping  when he said it.And now that deadline to provide proof has come and gone, meaning Trump was clearly lying when he accused President Obama of a felony.Joe Scarborough reacted to the missed deadline on Twitter. This is a joke right?  he asked.  I m not being a smart ass here but everybody knows Trump was lying about Obama and the FBI tapping him. EVERYBODY. This is a joke right? I m not being a smart ass here but everybody knows Trump was lying about Obama and the FBI tapping him. EVERYBODY. https://t.co/8IbU9kfAZT  Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) March 13, 2017And Mika Brzezinski echoed her co-host on Morning Joe on Tuesday by by calling on Trump to admit he s a liar and apologize. If the president was lying, don t you think at some point he ought to say,  I apologize, I am just an idiot. I will not do that again?  she began.Brzezinksi then went after Spicer for supporting Trump s lie and then trying to spin out of it on Monday during a press briefing. These reporters trying so hard to keep a straight face and Sean Spicer, who s a nice guy, but he s got to stop. He s got to stop,  Brzezinski said, noting that the Justice Department has nothing to give Congress to justify an investigation.And then she called Trump out. Were you lying, Mr. President? Did you make it up? Was it some little spurt of activity that you had out of need to have action? I d like to know where it came from because it s a very serious allegation. Here s the video via YouTube: Indeed, it is a very serious allegation. In fact, Trump has opened himself up to a defamation lawsuit, which President Obama should most certainly file. Trump should not be allowed to get away with making such accusations. There needs to be consequences.But Congress is apparently still trying to bail Trump out. Despite the missed deadline, Congress extended it to March 20th and if the Justice Department still has no proof it appears that Republicans are going to use their subpoena power to start a witch hunt against President Obama rather than do anything about Trump s Russia scandal.Joe Scarborough is right. This administration is a joke. And so are Republicans in Congress.Featured image via screenshot",0
2155, Texas GOPer Angrily Demands Voter ‘SHUT UP’ When He Complains About Violence Against Women (VIDEO),"At a town hall in Frost, Texas last week a voter expressed concerns about violence against women   but Rep. Joe Barton was not interested in hearing them.The constituent asked Barton to work with Rep. Jackie Speier, a Democrat, to sponsor legislation that could combat violence against women   a topic that has not much interested the Congressman in the past: Given your voting record opposing legislation protecting women from violence, will you make a commitment to us today, make a promise that you will reach out to Congresswoman Jackie Speier and work with her to see this bill successfully through Congress? Barton says he voted against the bill because he believes violence targeting women   which happens literally everywhere   is a  state issue, not a federal issue. His audience was not pleased. The crowd responded with a chrous of boos. Violence against women, that s a national issue!  one person yelled in response.  That s an issue that impacts everyone everywhere, not only in this country, but everywhere! But Barton wasn t done. Pointing his finger at the man who had the audacity to suggest that he take a moment to care about women, he demanded: You, sir, shut up. You don t tell anybody to shut up!  the man shouted back.  You work for us! Close to 1,000 people attended the town hall. It s safe to say that most of them left knowing for whom they are not voting in the next election. Watch it below:Featured image via screengrab",0
2156, BUSTED: The IRS Finally Just Yanked A Trump-Supporting Nazi Group’s Non-Profit Status,"It s time for the IRS to end non-profit status for all conservative organizations.But at least they did the right thing by taking away the non-profit status of the National Policy Institute, a white nationalist organization run by obnoxious Trump Nazi Richard Spencer.For years, the Nazi organization got away with being classified as a non-profit. You know, because the IRS apparently doesn t vet these organizations to make sure they legitimately should get such status.That s why conservatives have created a ton of  non-profits  over the years. It s a Trump-like scam designed to fleece people of their money and not pay taxes on it.But Spencer s little scheme got busted for failing to file tax returns for more the three years starting after 2012.According to the Los Angeles Times,The IRS had apparently misclassified the National Policy Institute and publicly listed the group as not being required to file such forms. The IRS fixed the error in February, and on Monday it updated its records to say that the National Policy Institute s tax-exempt status had been stripped retroactively as of May 15, 2016, when the group s 2015 tax return would have been due.Of course, Spencer is trying to pin the blame on the IRS instead of taking personal responsibility.On Monday, Spencer said an IRS error led him to believe his group was not required to file federal tax returns, and said he would appeal the loss of his tax-exempt status. I don t know what to say. I don t want to make a comment because I don t understand this stuff,  Spencer said in a telephone interview.  It s a bit embarrassing, but it s not good. We ll figure it out. Tax experts, however, countered Spencer s bullshit by pointing out that ignorance of the tax code is not an acceptable excuse.They should have known that they should have been filing,  said Philip T. Hackney, a law professor at Louisiana State University who formerly worked for the IRS, specializing in nonprofits.  It s very clear under the law that if you don t file for three years, you lose your status. Chuck McLean, a senior research fellow at Guidestar, a site that monitors and publishes records of nonprofits, agreed.  Ignorance is no excuse,  McLean said.But the National Policy Institute should also lose non-profit status because the organization openly endorsed Donald Trump. Non-profits are barred by federal law from supporting political candidates.At one event held in November, Spencer received Nazi salutes after telling the crowd  Hail Trump! Hail our people! Hail victory! If anything, Nazis should be punched in the United States, not given non-profit status so they can spread their evil agenda.Featured Image: Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2157, Seth McFarlane BRUTALLY Mocks Kellyanne Conway’s Ridiculous ‘Microwave’ Theory (TWEETS),"Family Guy creator Seth McFarlane just couldn t resist having a bit of fun with Kellyanne Conway s absolutely batsh*t insane claim regarding Trump s unfounded allegation that President Obama spied on The Donald through his microwave. On Monday, the legendary comedy figure tweeted his own theory about what Conway meant   and to him, it sounds a lot like the sort of thing you d expect from the furniture at PeeWee s Playhouse (those sneaky little bastards):So basically @KellyannePolls, you're saying this is how Obama spied on Trump: pic.twitter.com/8IeecMwa5E  Seth MacFarlane (@SethMacFarlane) March 13, 2017 There was an article this week that talked about how you can surveil someone through their phones, through their certainly through their television sets, any number of different ways,  Conway said over the weekend as she attempted to defend Trump s claim that Obama tapped his  wires  at Trump Tower.  And microwaves that turn into cameras, et cetera. So we know that that is just a fact of modern life. Tech publication Wired explains that it is, contrary to her assertion, impossible to use a microwave oven to spy on someone (unless, of course, it really is the worst Transformer ever):First, let s take Conway s assertion literally. Microwaves (the waves) can be used for certain types of imaging, as in radar, but a microwave oven can t be used as a camera unless it literally has an outward-facing webcam onboard. No such microwave appears to exist. That s in contrast to the case of the spying Samsung TVs, referenced by Conway, that each come with a built-in, internet-connected microphone.But what if we were to take Conway not literally, but seriously? Asked whether a microwave could be turned into not a camera, specifically, but a listening device, Stephen Frasier, a microwave imaging and radar researcher at the University of Massachusetts-Amherst, let out several seconds of sustained laughter. Unless it s a voice-activated microwave oven connected to the internet I can t think of a way,  says Frasier. Outside of a failed smart microwave Kickstarter, no microphone-equipped microwaves appear to exist. In fact, a quick check of major appliance manufacturers including GE, LG, and Samsung shows that internet-connected microwaves are a rarity. Even those that might exist in early-adopting kitchens would be far more likely to be conscripted into a botnet than used as a listening device.To date, the Trump administration has not produced a shred of evidence to back Trump s claim   though they did secure additional time to stall as they desperately search for something   anything   that will at least convince the most stupid among us that it happened.Featured image via Getty Images (Michael Tran)/screengrab",0
2158," White House Has No Evidence Of ‘Wiretap’ Lie, So They’re Trying To Walk It Back (DETAILS)","Last week, the alleged president made some jaw-dropping accusations on Twitter, accusing his predecessor of wiretapping his phones before the election. Trump did this without offering any proof. After Trump s tweetstorm, his team twisted itself into a pretzel in order to try to defend Trump s unprecedented attack on his predecessor. Meanwhile, former President Barack Obama literally rolled his eyes after hearing of Trump s baseless claims.Trump s fact-free conspiracy theory even garnered the attention of House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes (R-CA) and Ranking Member Adam Schiff (D-CA), who gave him until Monday to produce evidence to back up his claim. It s worth noting that Nunes is a staunch defender of Trump s and even went as far as to try to cover up the amateur president s Russian influence scandal so he must find this indefensible.On Monday, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said that Trump  doesn t really think  that Barack Obama  tapped his phone personally,  in an attempt to walk back Trump s wild and unsubstantiated claim that his predecessor ordered an illegal wiretap of Trump Tower, Politico reports. He doesn t really think that President Obama went up and tapped his phone personally,  Spicer told reporters at the press briefing.Spicer tried to use Alt-words to defend his boss.Spicer tried to argue that Trump had accused the Obama administration of general  surveillance  activities, and not a literal wiretap, even though Trump himself had use the term  wire tapping  in one of several tweets making the claim without evidence on March 4. Spicer claimed that the fact that Trump put quotation marks around the words  wire tapping  in one tweet was proof that he was not speaking literally. I think there is no question that the Obama administration, that there were actions about surveillance and other activities that occurred in the 2016 election. That is a widely-reported activity that occurred back then,  Spicer said.  The president used the word wiretap in quotes to mean broadly surveillance and other activities during that. Ah, so if Trump used quotes (he did so only one out of three times) then we are not to take him literally. Weird. It is interesting how many news outlets reported that this activity was taking place during the 2016 election cycle, and now we re wondering where the proof is,  Spicer added.  It is many of the same outlets in this room that talked about the activities that were going on back then. No one knows what Spicer is talking about:It is unclear what reports Spicer was referring to. News outlets have reported that intelligence officials have been investigating whether there were inappropriate ties between the Trump campaign and the Russian government. As part of the probe into the country s suspected attempts to meddle in the election and regular surveillance on Russia s ambassador, they have reportedly intercepted communications between some campaign aides and Russian officials.There is no proof or credible source which has reported that Obama wiretapped and/or surveilled Donald Trump during the campaign.As we said, Trump only used quotes in one of three tweets, not that that should matter. Is it legal for a sitting President to be  wire tapping  a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!  Trump wrote in one tweet. I d bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!  another tweet read. How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!  Trump wrote in a misspelled tweet.So now, Trump  s Department of Justice has asked the chairman and vice chairman of the House Intelligence Committee for  additional time  to collect evidence to support Trump s crazy-time claims. Meaning, Trump doesn t have proof. He just reads fake news sites such as Breitbart and Gateway Pundit then tweets the fake news.Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images.",0
2159," With One Simple Chart, The Wall Street Journal Just WRECKED Trumpcare (IMAGE)","Republicans seem to be steadfast in their quest to destroy the Affordable Care Act despite all the facts showing that doing so will be devastating not only to the millions of Americans who rely on the law to have access to affordable coverage but also to the economy.The Congressional Budget Office has just come out and said that not only would 14 million lose coverage by next year under Trumpcare, but by 2021, 21 million will lose insurance, and then by 2026, 24 million.And yet, there are still Republicans and those who support them who insist on repealing Obamacare and replacing it with the subpar version known as Trumpcare. So, for the visual learners out there who can t quite seem to grasp how horrific this all is, the Wall Street Journal made a graph to show how drastic this loss of coverage will be.Here s the image:The projected percentage of uninsured Americans under the House GOP plan vs. Obamacare: https://t.co/zOSvG99BmU pic.twitter.com/cbv37xVQs4  Wall Street Journal (@WSJ) March 13, 2017While the new bill would seemingly reduce the deficit over time, it leaves behind tens of millions of Americans who will no longer have access to care. And when people can t afford care, they go to the emergency room, and when they can t pay their bills, taxpayers end up picking up the tab. The spending will always be there. It s just whether or not you want to spend money for people to stay healthy or wait until they are in such dire straits that they need emergency care and are willing to go bankrupt because of it.All in all   it s heartless. We need Medicare for all now!Featured Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images",0
2160, American Medical Association Says GOP’s Make America Sick Again Bill Is ‘Unacceptable’,"The Congressional Budget Office released their assessment of the GOP s Obamacare replacement bill on Monday and the news was worse than many had even feared. According to the analysis of the nonpartisan group, the American Health Care Act would result in 24 million people losing their healthcare within the next ten years.Talking Points Memo reports that in response to the CBO report, the American Medical Association denounced the Republicans  make America sick again bill as  unacceptable. If this bill were to become law, CBO projects 14 million Americans who have gained coverage in recent years could lose it in 2018. For the AMA, that outcome is unacceptable,  the group said on Monday.The AMA made their opposition to the AHCA crystal clear last week. In a letter written last Tuesday, the group said there was no way they could  support the AHCA as drafted   because of  the expected decline in health insurance coverage and the potential harm it would cause to vulnerable patient populations. Critically, we urge you to do all that is possible to ensure that those who are currently covered do not become uninsured,  the AMA begged lawmakers.The CBO assessment estimated that of the 24 million people who would lose their insurance over the next decade, 14 million would find themselves without coverage before the end of the year. When the number of people already uninsured is combined with those who would lose their healthcare under the AHCA, a total of 52 million people would have no coverage by 2026. Today s estimates from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office underscore the AMA s concerns about the AHCA as it is written,  the AMA said.The AMA conceded that the Affordable Care Act was admittedly  an imperfect law,  but they said there was no way to deny that Obamacare was  a significant improvement on the status quo at the time. The AMA believes we need continued progress to expand coverage for the uninsured. Unfortunately, the current proposal   as the CBO analysis shows   would result in the most vulnerable population losing their coverage. Under the AHCA, the elderly and disabled would be hit with higher premiums than their younger, healthier counterparts. This means that they would also be the most likely to be unable to afford coverage even though they are the ones whose lives depend on healthcare the most.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
2161," Trump Friend Alex Jones Just Challenged Alec Baldwin To A Fight, And It’s Gonna Be Hilarious (VIDEO)","Trump influencer, conspiracy theorist Alex Jones, is downright  furious  with the  beta males  at Saturday Night Live for mocking Trump (and him) during the cold open last week. The segment took aim at Trump for getting what he calls  information  from Alex Jones and Jones himself for thinking that shapeshifting lizard people are an actual thing. But Jones is most furious with Alec Baldwin, because of course he is.On Monday, Jones (who thinks Sandy Hook was fake) railed against  anti-human scum  Baldwin for  defaming  him (and, of course, Trump) with a comedy routine. Naturally, his solution was to challenge Baldwin to a fight. Alec Baldwin thinks he is a tough guy,  Jones said on his show. I challenge him a million dollars to the charity he wants to get in the ring with me, bare knuckle. I will, I ll do it right now. I ll get in the ring with you and I will break your jaw, I will knock your teeth out, I will break your nose, and I will break your neck. You want to sit there and defame me and the president?  Jones added.  Get in the ring with me, I will break your jaw in seconds. I will smash your nose into a bloody pulp, and I will whack your teeth out. You frickin  bully, you coward,  the bully added.  I hate you, my listeners hate you and remember that, scumbag, forever. Heh heh heh heh. We re going to defeat this anti-human scum, we re going to wreck their world. Baldwin had not yet responded when Jones later had second thoughts about his chances in the ring with the actor, who has likely received at least some martial arts training during his extensive career. Jones said he was  just joking  when he challenged Baldwin to a fight, adding that he  meant that metaphorically. We are still awaiting Baldwin s reply, but we re sure it will be epic. We ll update this when he puts the right-wing conspiracy theorist in his place.Watch the clip below:Featured image via screengrab",0
2162, White House In Deep Denial Over Dumpster Fire Healthcare Plan (DETAILS),"The Congressional Budget Office released their analysis of the GOP s Obamacare replacement plan today, and their findings were bad. Really bad. According to the CBO s report, 14 million people are going to lose their healthcare by the end of the year and 24 million will be without coverage by 2026. But somehow, the White House is in complete denial about what a disastrous bill they are pushing.Health Secretary Tom Price said on Monday afternoon that the administration  strenuously  disagrees with the CBO s report. Despite the numbers presented to him, he still insists that more people will be covered and costs will be lowered under the Republican plan.White House says it disagrees  strenuously  with finding that 14M would lose health coverage under GOP plan. https://t.co/Q4fZoG4jFV  The Associated Press (@AP) March 13, 2017The job of the CBO is to analyze proposed legislation and provide Congress with a nonpartisan assessment. Their findings in regards to the GOP plan? By 2026, 24 million Americans will be without healthcare. No wonder they tried to hide it from the public.According to Price, the White House disagrees  strenuously with the report that was put out.  Price said that the CBO isn t looking at the whole picture. He argues that the Republicans have a three-part plan, but the CBO only looked at the House Bill, which is just othe first step. It s just not believable is what we would suggest,  Price said of the CBO s assessment.House Speaker Paul Ryan defended the bill against the report as well. On Monday, he praised the plan for lowering the deficit by a measly $336 billion over a decade, which is a mere drop in the bucket when looking at the overall budget.It is obvious that the Republican s  make America sick again  bill is horrible. People are going to die, plain and simple. The CBO report laid out the numbers. You know, facts and stuff. Yet, the White House and the rest of the GOP just can t believe it so they disagree. Here s the thing, that isn t how it works. You can say you disagree with a fact and you can say you don t believe a fact, but it s still a fact.Millions of people, many of whom just finally got insurance under the Affordable Care Act, are going to lose their coverage under the GOP plan. Saying you don t believe it doesn t change a damn thing.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2163, Twitter TEARS Paul Ryan To BLOODY RIBBONS For Praising CBO Review Of GOP Healthcare Plan (TWEETS),"The Congressional Budget Office s review of the Republicans  replacement plan for the ACA is out, and it s not good news. Under the plan, 24 million people will lose their healthcare coverage by 2026. 14 million of those people will see their insurance ripped from them just in the next two years. In total, this plan will result in 52 million uninsured people in 2026. Over the next four years, premiums are expected to rise by as much as 20 percent more than they would under the ACA. Premiums might fall for younger people after 2020 but would continue to rise for older people.And on it goes.Paul Ryan, however, sees the report as a resounding endorsement of the plan because it will reduce the deficit by a whole $336 billion over a decade and is supposed to maybe lower premiums at some point in the future.CBO report confirms it   American Health Care Act will lower premiums & improve access to quality, affordable care. https://t.co/jNzmYFPe9H pic.twitter.com/f0NGuLiztl  Paul Ryan (@SpeakerRyan) March 13, 2017And Twitter is throwing a livid fit with him for that tweet, as well they should. The GOP s first priority should be the uninsured and the risk of people becoming uninsured. Instead, they re worried about deficits and getting lower premiums at some point for some demographics. Twitter is being merciless in their evaluation of his response.@SpeakerRyan Delete your account.  David Podhaskie (@davidpodhaskie) March 13, 2017.@SpeakerRyan it literally says 24 million will lose coverage pic.twitter.com/iDDTerO77X  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) March 13, 2017.@SpeakerRyan ARE YOU KIDDING ME??? TALK ABOUT THE 24,000,000 AMERICANS LOSING COVERAGE!  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) March 13, 2017@SpeakerRyan Goal achieved. You ve given Americans the freedom to die bankrupt.  Erich McElroy (@erichmcelroy) March 13, 2017@SpeakerRyan This tweet isn t a misrepresentation   it s a straight up lie.  Seth Grahame-Smith (@sethgs) March 13, 2017@SpeakerRyan Quick question: When you sell your soul, whose blood do you sign with? Your own, right?  Ryan Parker (@TheRyanParker) March 13, 2017@SpeakerRyan Why don t you just tell the truth about the new law? You believe the gov t shouldn t be providing health care, right? Say so  Jeremy Greenfield (@jdgreenfield) March 13, 2017@SpeakerRyan it literally says 24 million people will be uninsured by 2026, how fucking evil are you dude?  Jeremy M (@thismyshow) March 13, 2017@SpeakerRyan that s not what the report says. You re a dumb liar and your selfish actions will kill people.  Myles Tanzer (@mylestanzer) March 13, 2017@SpeakerRyan 24 million people will lose coverage, as per the CBO s report. _Your own guy_ is saying this bill is a healthcare disaster.  Laura Anne Gilman (@LAGilman) March 13, 2017.@SpeakerRyan the CBO report says literally the opposite. Specifically, how premiums will go up and will cause 24 million to lose insurance  Emanuel Zbeda (@therealezway) March 13, 2017@SpeakerRyan You re a liar and I wish hell was real.  BenDavid Grabinski (@bdgrabinski) March 13, 2017@SpeakerRyan It will. Take insurance. Away from. 24 million people. Who will die. And the blood. Will be on. Your hands.  K. Thor Jensen (@kthorjensen) March 13, 2017@SpeakerRyan you re a disingenuous amoral shitstain  Matthew Kory (@mattymatty2000) March 13, 2017@speakerryan You re a walking pile of horseshit shaped like a man.  Robot Chicken (@cyborgturkey) March 13, 2017@SpeakerRyan I wonder if @oreillyfactor still has that  No Spin Zone  segment cause this is some dressed up trash. 24 million w/o access!  Sophia (@SophiaTesfaye) March 13, 2017.@SpeakerRyan for real, what report are you reading that caused you to draw *this* conclusion?  Jay Willis (@jaywillis) March 13, 2017.@SpeakerRyan Did you even read it?  Beth Elderkin (@BethElderkin) March 13, 2017@SpeakerRyan HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  Bruce Holsinger (@bruceholsinger) March 13, 2017@SpeakerRyan BRO seriously do even READ?  AltUSCustoms (@alt_uscbp) March 13, 2017@SpeakerRyan By improve access do you mean making 24 million people lose coverage?  Joe Hurwitz (@Joe_Hurwitz) March 13, 2017@SpeakerRyan Facts : CBO confirmed 24 Million will lose their Health Care : You ve put us all in danger https://t.co/R7UTjARnVi pic.twitter.com/WqHckwAxAm  Jolene Sugarbaker (@JolenesTrailer) March 13, 2017@SpeakerRyan Your willingness to lie and let people die to save millionaires some money makes my skin crawl.  Nerdista (@Nerdista) March 13, 2017@SpeakerRyan You are a pile of earwax in a suit.  Dennis Perkins (@DennisPerkins5) March 13, 2017The CBO s report shows a bloodbath that Republicans are couching in pretty flowers, and Ryan is busy trying to convince us that the pretty flowers are all that exist here. Perhaps, in his mind, the scent of the flowers will cover the scent of blood in this if he just says it will enough times.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2164," Billionaire Mark Cuban Just DESTROYED Trump’s Presidency With Some Really, REALLY Bad News (TWEET)","Not many people can get under Donald Trump s skin like billionaire and Shark Tank investor Mark Cuban. Not only did Cuban become a massively outspoken supporter of Hillary Clinton during her presidential campaign, but he s blasted Trump more times than we can count. On Sunday, Cuban was back at it again as he called Trump the  Zoolander president  and made an announcement that s going to have Trump s little hands shaking.In an appearance at the South by Southwest festival in Austin, Texas, Cuban admitted that he d originally liked Trump   that is, until he got to know him.  Then, Cuban likened the undeserving POTUS to the incompetent, self-centered movie character Zoolander. Cuban also made fun of Trump s complete lack of intelligence as he joked: Just think how efficient he could be if he learned how to use a search engine. I love the guy because he s the only human being who trolls himself and doesn t know it. Here s a video of Cuban s comments:This recent attack follows a long history of others, each one carrying a sting strong enough to make Trump retaliate and embarrass himself. Last year, Cuban challenged Trump to a four-hour interview about policy, and even offered to donate $1o million to whatever charity Trump wanted   and Trump obviously didn t have the courage to take him up on that. Instead, Trump went on Twitter and said Cuban wasn t  smart enough to understand what s going on.  Just last month, Trump tweeted that Cuban wasn t  smart enough to run for president. Given the fact that Cuban supports policies that are much more grounded in reality, many of us would disagree. Cuban believes in climate change and environmental responsibility, and he is against Trump s immigration policies and thinks all Americans should have health care.Cuban also took another jab at Trump, stating that in the next election, we will need someone who can  look forward,  instead of  acting like it s 1975.  Cuban was asked if he would run for president in the future, and he said something that will truly terrify Trump: I ve got a lot of time to decide and we ll see what happens. Trump, who is delusional enough to think he ll actually serve eight years like former President Barack Obama, is NOT going to be happy about that! Featured image via Mike Windle and Drew Angerer / Getty Images",0
2165," CBO Posts Review Of Republican Healthcare Plan, It’s A Bloodbath: 24 Million+ Uninsured (DETAILS)","The Congressional Budget Office, tasked with providing Congress with a nonpartisan assessment of the effects of proposed legislation, has finally released its analysis of the Republican healthcare replacement plan   and it s abundantly clearly why Paul Ryan tried to pass the bill before the CBO was able to take a look. It s a bloodbath.For starters, the CBO calculates that as many as 14 million people will lose their insurance within the year, many of which only recently started having health insurance thanks to the ACA. As a  replacement  this plan is clearly inferior. Even worse, by 2026, 24 million more people will be uninsured as compared to this very moment. America will see a near total collapse of the health care system as we currently understand it.Republicans argue that tens of millions more without health insurance is okay because they are saving America money. The CBO suggests the savings would be almost nonexistent relative to the costs (not to mention the human suffering). They calculate that GOP s bill will only save around $300 billion over a decade. Compared to the trillions of dollars that are budgeted out each year, that s a rounding error.#CBO is out   24 million more uninsured by 2026, $337 billion of budget savings over a decade. https://t.co/WlDNX8LEMy  Marc Goldwein (@MarcGoldwein) March 13, 2017They also argue that this disruption will actually cost America around a trillion dollars in lost revenue, offsetting much of the savings it hopes to gain by cutting spending.CBO and JCT estimate that enacting the legislation would reduce federal deficits by $337 billion over the 2017-2026 period. That total consists of $323 billion in on-budget savings and $13 billion in off-budget savings. Outlays [i.e. what the government spends] would be reduced by $1.2 trillion over the period, and revenues would be reduced by $0.9 trillion.Yeah, this is very, very bad.And Republicans did not want the American people to see this.WH reading CBO pic.twitter.com/lLkWPXkZei  Eric Boehlert (@EricBoehlert) March 13, 2017Ryan s response will likely be the same one that he s been giving all week. The tens of millions who are about to lose their insurance are actually enjoying the  benefits  of choice.  Choice,  in his mind, translates to being rich and having health insurance (also a tax break) or poor and not having health insurance. That s freedom to Paul Ryan. What a guy.The CBO s review only reinforces the fact that the Republicans had 8 years to come up with a replacement plan, failed to do so, and when pressed quickly created one that is inferior to the ACA in every single way. The level of incompetence and cruelty required to draft something like this continues to remain astonishing.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2166, WATCH: Sean Spicer Just Made Trump’s Wiretap Accusation Look Like The Lie That It Is,"For a week now, the world has been up in arms about Trump accusing former President Obama of wiretapping his tower to spy on his White House campaign. The House Intelligence Committee has demanded Trump turn over any and all evidence he s got that supports that accusation, and there s also the possibility that he s committed obstruction of justice just by tweeting about it.So, of course, the White House press corps was asking Sean Spicer about all of this during today s press briefing. He said: The president made very clear in his tweet that it was  wiretapping. Those quotation marks above aren t an accident. Watch what he did below:Basically, Spicer stood at the podium in the White House press room, in front of the press corps, and put air quotes around the word  wiretapping.  Air quotes tend to serve the same purpose as scare quotes in writing   they re used to create doubt around a word or phrase. Spicer just put doubt around Trump s accusation of wiretaps. Literally.Now, it s entirely possible that Spicer just thought he was placing emphasis on  wiretapping,  or that he s just clueless enough not to know what air quotes like that imply. But it doesn t matter what he thought he was doing. It matters what he did, and he just cemented the doubt surrounding Trump s wiretap accusation.Featured image by Mark Wilson via Getty Images",0
2167, Trump Is Going To Kill A Coastline Program That Benefits Our Economy And Environment,"If Donald Trump really cared about creating jobs and strengthening the economy he would not be trying to gut this small-but-critical program.It s been around since 1966, and it has greatly benefited coastal regions by generating tens of thousands of jobs and hundreds of millions of dollars for the American economy every year while improving the safety and protection of our coastlines. And now it s being threatened by Trump.The Sea Grant program is part of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association. The $73 million in funding helps 3,000 scientists around the country improve water quality, advise the fishing industry to keep it sustainable, and keep an eye on sea-level rise that could drown coastal cities.The program has been instrumental in the economic development of coastal regions. According to NOAA, the tiny program generated $575 million in economic development and more than 20,000 jobs in 2015 alone. In other words, this program has been a worthwhile investment for the government that has resulted in a huge return for the American people. If Trump intends to continue to try to run the government like a business, gutting this program would be a terrible business decision.Trump has repeatedly claimed that he will create jobs in America. But cutting this program would do the exact opposite. It would also endanger every person who works and lives on or near a coastline.Climate change has caused sea levels to rise in recent years and the Sea Grant program helps scientists predict which parts of our coastlines need to prepare to prevent disaster.Slashing the program would make that work more difficult.And Trump s reason for considering the elimination of the program is galling. He wants to cut it and use the money to pay for an even more bloated defense budget, which is already so big that even if we cut it in half American would still spend more on the military than any other nation on Earth.In reaction to Trump s plan, Sea Grant directors around the country expressed horror. My initial reaction was horror and disgust,  California Sea Grant Director Jim Eckman said.  I think we re facing a much graver crisis that we re going to have to deal with. I have to assume there are some wise people in our Congress who see the flaw,  Maine Sea Grant Director Paul Anderson said of Trump s plan.  Mr. Trump is setting up for a political battle. Indeed, the last time a Republican president targeted Sea Grant there was a strong backlash in Congress because the program does so much that benefits coastal economies and the environment. In 1981, Congress backed the Sea Grant program as Ronald Reagan sought to kill it. He backed down after an analysis showed that the 14 year, $270 million investment in the program by the government yielded a return of over $3 billion. As noted earlier, in 2015 the program created 20,000 jobs and over half a billion dollars in economic development. That s a single year of what this program has done. It s one of the most successful and beneficial government programs ever created and now Trump wants to kill it.Last time I checked, there are several conservative states that have coastlines and those states have also greatly benefited from the Sea Grant program. So Trump is not just hurting more liberal states by gutting this program. He is hurting people who voted for him and Republicans.Featured image via Jim Lo   Pool/Getty Images",0
2168, Jeb Bush BLASTS Steve King’s Anti-Immigrant Racism In Awesome Twitter Burn,"Representative Steve King ( R-Iowa) is a notorious racist. On Sunday, he came under fire for xenophobic comments suggesting that immigration is bad for America and western civilization, and on Monday, he doubled down on those comments. He has even said that non-white people have historically contributed nothing to the building of western civilization and values. Here is what King tweeted this weekend:Wilders understands that culture and demographics are our destiny. We can't restore our civilization with somebody else's babies. https://t.co/4nxLipafWO  Steve King (@SteveKingIA) March 12, 2017Well, there is condemnation of these comments coming from one surprising place   a fellow Republican. Former presidential candidate, Florida Governor, and relative of two previous Republican presidents Jeb Bush seems to have had enough of Steve King s racist statements. Jeb took to Twitter on Monday and said that King s remarks in no way reflect our shared history or values. Here is the tweet:America is a nation of immigrants. The sentiment expressed by Steve King doesn't reflect our shared history or values. https://t.co/msydFudA7m  Jeb Bush (@JebBush) March 13, 2017I never thought I d be saying this, but Jeb Bush is right. America is a nation of immigrants. We celebrate immigration and diversity. Our differences make us stronger, not weaker. Steve King is a stone cold racist, and should not be in the United States Congress. This is not the first time this man has come under fire for racist remarks, and surely it will not be the last. A person who holds such contempt for our fundamental American values does not belong in Congress. People of Iowa, please vote this racist yahoo out in the next election.Mr. Bush, thank you for speaking up for what is right. Now, how long will it take for Republicans in elected office to do the same? I m waiting.Featured image via Sean Rayford/Getty Images",0
2169, New York Times Columnist BLASTS ‘Parasite’ Trump’s First 50 Days In Office,"Donald Trump is 50 days into his presidency and and he has done nothing but cheat the American people while destroying and embarrassing our country.America does not have a president. America has a petulant child who acts more like a fascist dictator who whines all the time.Trump doesn t know what the hell he is doing most of the time and resorts to posting on Twitter and blaming others for his failures.In addition, Trump has swindled taxpayers out of millions of dollars to pay for his lavish lifestyle of golf and fancy resorts.Trump is not a human being, he s a parasite.And New York Times columnist Charles Blow used the exact same term while reviewing Trump s first 50 days in office. There is no new Trump,  Blow began.  There is only the same old Trump: Dangerous and unpredictable, gauche and greedy, temperamentally unsuited and emotionally unsound. If you were trying to create in a lab a person with character traits more unbecoming in a president, it would be hard to outdo the one we have. Blow noted that Trump s Twitter ravings make him look  unhinged,  and that he has squandered our credibility as a nation because of his constant lies and false accusations. Trump s assaults on the truth are not benign,  Blow wrote.  Presidential credibility is American credibility. There is no way to burn through one without burning through the other. And when he s not making explosive charges, he s taking destructive actions. Indeed, Trump has relied on executive orders and executive actions far more than President Obama ever did, despite complaining about President Obama every time he signed an executive order.Trump is actually on pace to surpass the number of executive orders President Obama signed. How s that for hypocrisy?You know what else Trump is going to do more than President Obama? Spending money on vacations and golfing.Throughout his entire eight years in office, President Obama s vacations costed taxpayers $90 million. Trump is on pace to spend more than that in under a year. This president and his family are burning through taxpayer funds like it s Monopoly money,  Blow continued.  Trump appears to view the Treasury as a personal piggy bank and the presidency as a part-time job. Blow then delivers a scathing conclusion. This is a 70-year-old man who has lived his entire life as the vile, dishonest, incurious creature who got elected. That election validated his impulses rather than served as a curb on them.Trump will continue to debase and devalue the presidency with his lies. Trump will continue to follow Bannon s philosophy of internal deconstruction of our government, its principles and its institutions. And Trump will continue to leech as much personal financial advantage as he can from the flesh of the American public.That s who Trump is. America elected a parasite. It s time for America to remove this parasite before the damage it is causing becomes irreversible.Featured Image: Aude Guerrucci-Pool/Getty Images",0
2170," Trump Threatens ‘Rude’ Media, Whines That Reporters Won’t ‘Be Nice’ To Him (TWEET)","Donald Trump is starting another week in the White House with yet another attack on the media and the reporters that dare to cover his minions accurately.On Monday morning, Trump took to Twitter to warn the media to  be nice  to him and his dishonest team. Likely inspired by a set of recent interviews in which his senior adviser, Kellyanne Conway, was blasted and taken to task for her ridiculous defense of Trump s wiretapping claims, Trump tweeted this little gem: It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice, you will do much better! Perhaps Trump and his team might  do better  if they followed his advice, too   considering they ve made more enemies in the last few weeks than any administration in modern American history.And this wasn t Trump s only attack on the media, either. After watching Morning Joe hosts Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski criticize his presidency for the last several weeks, Trump finally made the decision to unfollow them on Twitter. Seriously, it s almost as if we have a teenager living in the White House.If Trump wants the media to cover him more favorably, then perhaps he might try actually doing his job well for once   or just doing his job, period. Trump is the laziest, most incompetent POTUS America has ever had and his team is just as much as a failure.If the coverage has been negative, it s because Trump and his people actually suck, plain and simple. But instead of trying to improve and fix what is being criticized, Trump would rather just go on Twitter, bully the media, and cry about it.Featured image is a screenshot",0
2171," Trump Admits ‘2017 Will Be The Worst Year Yet,’ Then Blames Obama","While Donald Trump was campaigning, he slammed what he called political correctness in America s culture. As usual, the amateur president took to his Twitter account this morning to unleash more nonsensical messages, likely just a distraction from his mounting scandals. It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice, you will do much better!,  he tweeted.It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice, you will do much better!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 13, 2017In the following tweet, Trump wrote,  ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far! Republicans will come together and save the day. ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far! Republicans will come together and save the day.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 13, 2017First off, Obamacare is not  imploding  and Trumpcare will largely affect Trump supporters. Trump s tweets went down as well as can be expected on the social media site.@realDonaldTrump you're making it implode, and then blaming Obama.  Ben Wikler (@benwikler) March 13, 2017Fixed!.@realDonaldTrump fixed. pic.twitter.com/XTSktQag5x  Travon Free (@Travon) March 13, 2017@realDonaldTrump will TrumpCare be as stupid as your dumbass description of it: pic.twitter.com/8u3ZBcFkNS  Rod Blackhurst (@rodblackhurst) March 13, 2017@realDonaldTrump Your presidency is imploding   if you think you can take health care away from millions and not pay a price you're nuts  ? (@jaytay777) March 13, 2017@realDonaldTrump ""save the day"" lol  Erick Fernandez (@ErickFernandez) March 13, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/rtSJC0SgiJ  nasty mouse ???? (@ajabs4258) March 13, 2017@realDonaldTrump TrumpCare pic.twitter.com/D5ZAReqwrD  Blobert ? (@blobert) March 13, 2017.@realDonaldTrump fixed pic.twitter.com/B2fvg6To9K  Sam Weiner (@sam_weiner) March 13, 2017@realDonaldTrump You're a liar. It is not imploding. It could be made better if you gave a shit about the USA. Stop trying to tarnish Obama!  Robert Thomson (@50MaDeuce) March 13, 2017Trump telling the media to be nice is like Guy Fieri giving cooking advice.@oppstn  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) March 13, 2017Trump launched a war on the media and now wants them to be  nice  and not  rude.  That s rich coming from a guy whose vile attacks are well documented. Trump calls outlets critical of his alleged presidency  fake news  while he reads Infowars and Breitbart. Republicans have had 7 years to come up with a viable replacement for Obamacare and they presented the public with a godawful plan which will leave millions of Americans without coverage.Trump repeatedly vowed to repeal Obamacare and replace it with a Republican alternative that would provide  insurance for everybody  at a lower price but that s not what s happening. It does give a healthy tax break to the wealthy, though. It s a great plan if you re rich, but if you re of low-income status and/or older, you re fucked.Each crazy-time tweet of Trump s is well calculated. It s a distraction from his many scandals. Let s see now: Russia, conflicts of interest, lack of transparency and  profiting greatly from the presidency.Meanwhile, the Intelligence panel wants Trump to provide evidence of his claims that former President Barack Obama had his phones wiretapped before the election. They want that today.  Tick tock, Mr. Trump. And by the way, Infowars is not  evidence. Photo by David Becker/Getty Images.",0
2172," Steve King Tries To Defend White Supremacist Tweet; He Just Made Things Much, Much Worse (VIDEO)","Iowa Rep. Steve King (R-Of Course) is currently under fire for tweeting out something that would only be said by a white supremacist   that we can t  restore our civilization with somebody else s babies. While King s message earned ALLCAPS praise from former KKK leader David Duke, the rest of us are left wondering why Iowans would want this alleged man to represent their state.On Monday, King stopped by CNN to attempt to explain away his hateful tweet, and it didn t go well for him at all. Well, of course I meant exactly what I said,  King told CNN s  New Day  as he blamed  the Left  for wanting to destroy  Western civilization : This is an effort on the left, I think, to break down the American civilization, the American culture, and turn it into something entirely different. I m a champion for western civilization and yes our English language is a big part of it. It s a carrier of freedom. Embarrassingly, King refused to say that Muslim-Americans, Christian-Americans, and other Americans of different background are equal, instead saying that they contribute differently to our culture and our civilization. I d say they re all created in the image of God, and they re equal in his eyes. And if they re citizens of the United States, they re equal in the eyes of the law,  King said.  Individuals will contribute differently not equally to this civilization and certain groups of people will contribute more to this society than other groups of people will, that s just a statistical fact. King says he is  promoting the birth rate in America  to restore the  rule of law  to what he views as a  superior civilization. In short, he thinks white people need to have more babies.Watch the video below:Rep. Steve King defends his controversial tweet: ""I'm a champion for Western civilization"" https://t.co/9WJa7A89nH https://t.co/nZbCzzOMLz  CNN (@CNN) March 13, 2017Featured image via screengrab",0
2173, Trump Just Broke Another MAJOR Campaign Promise And People Are Outraged,"Amateur president Donald Trump pledged to forego a presidential salary and his spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders said in mid-January that the former reality show star  is required to get a paycheck but will be giving it back to (the) treasury or donating.  In 2015, Trump said,  I won t take even one dollar. I am totally giving up my salary if I become president. However, Trump s second payday is quickly approaching and the White House is declining to say if the alleged president has donated any of his earnings yet, NBC reports.Here is Trump pledging to his supporters in 2015 that he will forgo his salary:To follow up on Trump s pledge, MSNBC requested details and documentation regarding any salary donations from the White House, the Treasury Department and the Office of Personnel Management, but all declined to say whether Trump has donated any the salary due to him.Article II of the Constitution requires a president to be paid so Trump promised to only accept $1.00. That added to Trump s populist appeal but now he s not being transparent about his pledge after the election.Here s where it gets even worse.During the transition, Trump also unveiled a plan to  donate all profits from foreign governments  patronage of his hotels and similar businesses  to the Treasury Department. The plan was released by Trump s private law firm, Morgan Lewis, but no system or accounting has been released for how or when such donations will be processed or disclosed.A president earns $400,000 and is afforded a $50,000 expense account. Trump has broken many promises to his supporters. Mexico will not pay for the wall. We, the taxpayers, will foot the bill. Hillary Clinton won t be locked up. But, he is trying to repeal Obamacare, a move which would largely affect Trump supporters. As for his  Drain the swamp  slogan during his campaign, he s filled it to the brim with bankers and billionaires.We re thinking that Trump really doesn t need a salary. He has already greatly profited from the presidency.Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
2174, Sean Spicer Just Got Caught On Camera Saying Something Horrifyingly Racist (VIDEO),"A woman confronted notorious coward, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer, inside a DC Apple store, and found herself the victim of a rather racist attack as a result. Twitter user ShreeC saw Spicer shopping (apparently, he doesn t need to choose between health care and an iPhone) and could not resist the urge to confront him. How does it feel to work for a fascist? Have you helped with the Russia stuff? Are you a criminal as well?  she asked Spicy.  Have you committed treason too, just like the President?  Spicer didn t have an answer to those questions, but he did have some remarks that could only be interpreted as being about her skin color, telling the woman   who is a U.S. citizen   that America is   such a great country that allows you to be here. Asking @PressSec questions in Apple Store since he doesn't like the press. https://t.co/l493z2gG4x  Shree  ? ?? (@shreec) March 11, 2017Now, the woman gave Spicer no indication that she s not  from  here, and last I checked citizens aren t just  allowed  to live here   it s their right. But Spicer decided that since this woman s skin color was on the darker side of beige, she doesn t belong and is blessed that we tolerate her at all   because that is the mindset of the Trump administration.This brave woman walked up to the Joseph Goebbels of our time and confronted him, forcing him to reveal who he truly is. She may not have gotten any answers, but she did something much better   she made him take off his mask.We see you, Sean. We see you.Featured image via screengrab",0
2175, Meet The Woman Running Against White Supremacist Steve King In Iowa – This Is How To Help Her Win,"If you haven t heard about Rep. Steve King s (R-IA) white supremacy tweet by now, you re really not paying attention. While citing a Twitter account called  Voice of Europe  that demonized the religion of Islam, King tweeted: Wilders understands that culture and demographics are our destiny. We can t restore our civilization with somebody else s babies. Wilders understands that culture and demographics are our destiny. We can't restore our civilization with somebody else's babies. https://t.co/4nxLipafWO  Steve King (@SteveKingIA) March 12, 2017Basically saying, in so many words, the only babies needed are white babies. A classic white supremacist trope that is code for a form of ethnic cleansing.It s outrageous that King has won time and time again in the 4th Congressional District in Iowa, even winning again this past November for an eighth time. It seems pretty revealing of the voting populace of that district.However, there is one woman who is steadfast in defeating King and bringing sanity and decency back to the 4th Congressional District in Iowa. That woman is Kim Weaver. And even though King defeated her in 2016, she never stopped fighting, and is continuing her mission to defeat him in the 2018 midterms.There is only one way she ll win, though, and that is with the help of not only those within her district, but from nationwide support. After all, Congressional races affect the entirety of the United States because each representative is a vote in Congress which helps determines policy for the entire nation.Working day and night to replace Steve King in Iowa's 4th Congressional District. All help is greatly appreciated! https://t.co/i0cM36lvlg  Kim Weaver (@KimWeaverIA) September 14, 2016And don t just support Weaver because she s battling Steve King. Support her because she s a great candidate. According to The Des Moines Register: Weaver works as an advocate for seniors in nursing homes, assisted living and residential care facilities with the Office of the State Long-term Care Ombudsman. She also has been a Medicaid case manager and a care provider for adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities. So her emphasis on issues for seniors comes from working with people who struggle to pay for long-term care or can t find assistance to stay in their homes.She s also a single mother of three young adults: a son with an aerospace engineering degree from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, a daughter in medical school at University of Iowa and a son majoring in geology at Iowa State. So her concern about burdening the next generation under a mountain of college debt comes from worrying about her own children. Further: One of Weaver s more creative ideas is an attempt to simultaneously address two problems: college affordability and care for seniors. She advocates creating a national volunteer program to allow high school students to earn financial credit toward future tuition. She s hoping that some of those volunteer hours might be involved with helping seniors with cleaning, yard work and other chores so they can stay in their homes. Everyone seems to be treating Weaver like she doesn t stand a chance, but we have the chance to help her prove everyone wrong.You can help Weaver by going HERE, and then making sure everyone else does, too. In addition, you can spread the word on social media. The good thing about Congressional races is that they happen every two years. No one is safe from being ousted. No election is a sure thing. Let s make sure white supremacist Rep. Steve King knows that he has something to worry about in Kim Weaver.Featured Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images   Iowa Public Television",0
2176, GOP Announced Their Obamacare Replacement – Bernie Sanders Just DESTROYED It In Under 2 Minutes (VIDEO),"Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders has been a nightmare for the GOP ever since he announced his presidential campaign. With his amazing ability to connect with progressives and activists in America, Sanders has been a massive thorn in the Republican Party s side as he routinely dismantles every crooked policy they try to enact.The Republican Party s latest disastrous move is their Obamacare replacement plan, which has attracted criticism from the second it was announced. It only makes sense that Sanders would weigh in on such a repulsive move, and it only took him 82 seconds to dismantle what House Speaker Paul Ryan wants to use to replace Obamacare.On CBS s Face The Nation, Sanders gave a damning response to a question about whether or not the GOP s replacement would get 51 votes in the Senate. He said: I hope not. It is an absolute disaster. It is a disgrace, and by the way, this really has nothing to do with healthcare. What this has everything to do with is a massive shift of wealth from working people and middle-income people to the richest people in this country. It is a 275 billion dollar tax break for the top two percent. Millionaires will get about $50,000 a year in tax breaks, while at the same time 5-10 million people are going to lose their health insurance, premiums are going to soar. The AARP says that if you are 64 years of age and you re making about 25,000 a year, you re going pay up to $7,000 more for you re health insurance. They re going to defund Planned Parenthood. Deny over 2 million the right to choose they healthcare that they need. They re going to decimate Medicaid, which is why the American Medical Association, the AMA, and the American Hospital Association oppose it, in addition to the AARP. This is a disgrace, and by the way, they are so cowardly that they want to go forward before the CBO gives an estimate of what it will cost, and how many people will lose their insurance. You can watch Sanders explain it all below:Sanders couldn t be more correct. The GOP s replacement is a massive failure and will not only strip millions of Americans of life-saving health care, but it will make Americans pay more for less.The Republicans are trying to promote their own interests with this bill, and it s absolutely pathetic. The ones who will truly benefit from such a horrible piece of legislation are the wealthy and insurance companies. Hopefully, people will listen to Sanders and fight this bill.Featured image is a screenshot",0
2177, Donald Trump Jr. Expects Us To Believe He Has ‘Zero Contact’ With His Father,"Donald Trump Jr. apparently expects the world to believe that he has had  zero contact  with his father since he was sworn into office. So no need to worry about all that pesky conflict of interest stuff. Nothing to see here, folks!Speaking at a GOP fundraiser in Dallas on Saturday, Trump Jr. told the crowd that he no longer has any real communications with his dad now that he is the president. I basically have zero contact with him at this point,  Trump Jr. claimed with a straight face.Trump s son said he believed that he would be  out of politics  and could just return to his regular life  once the election was finally over.  But I couldn t,  he said. Deals are still exciting,  he added.  But when you re the sort of guy out there every day, 24-7 fighting in this thing   it s like a great fight. Trump supposedly gave all control of his businesses to his two adult sons, Donald Jr. and Eric, when he became president and his assets were to be placed into a trust. But so far, he has offered nothing to prove that he has actually done any of this. The closest he has come to verifying that he has divested himself from his business interests is a stack of folders he pointed to at a press conference that supposedly held the proof.The Office of Government and Ethics (OGE) has cried foul over this arrangement from the very beginning, saying Trump s entire plan is wholly inadequate  when it comes to resolving his many conflicts of interest.After claiming that they just don t have the time to talk to one another anymore, Trump Jr. also took the opportunity to stroke his daddy s ego during this weekend s fundraiser.  I m watching more take place in two months than I saw in two terms before,  he said.Featured image via Jeff Vinnick/Getty Images",0
2178, GOP Rep. Steve King Just Went FULL White Supremacist – David Duke Is Cheering (TWEETS),"While it should surprise absolutely no one that Iowa Rep. Steve King is a blatant, flaming, disgusting pig of a racist, what he just did on Twitter puts him into the same category as the KKK and the Neo-Nazis here in the U.S. He met with two white supremacist demagogues Geert Wilders from the Netherlands and Frauke Petry from Germany in 2016 and expressed strong support for their ahem anti-immigrant policies. But today, he not only doubled down on that, he was so obviously white supremacist he earned accolades for it from one David Duke.King tweeted a cartoon from Voice of Europe, a publication that could easily be a  Make America Great Again  publication for Trump if it was American. It says:Hundreds of Islamists shouting  Allahu Akbar  in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. Wilders is right for over 10 years. #turkijerel pic.twitter.com/dV2SjXg23r  Voice of Europe (@V_of_Europe) March 12, 2017King, not to be outdone on the white supremacy front, then tweeted:Wilders understands that culture and demographics are our destiny. We can t restore our civilization with somebody else s babies. https://t.co/4nxLipafWO  Steve King (@SteveKingIA) March 12, 2017In other words, King just said that culture is rooted in demographics, which implies that he believes the only way to preserve true American and Western European culture is to preserve white superiority. That s what known white nationalist groups also say about brown people polluting the white gene pool.Now, read what David Duke s reply was to that:Just in case you were thinking about moving -> sanity reigns supreme in Iowa s 4th congressional district.#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/RRjTzAzlKw  David Duke (@DrDavidDuke) March 12, 2017 Reigns supreme.  No double entendre there at all. You know you ve arrived as a white supremacist when David Duke applauds you. Steve King needs to be ousted from Congress. He s the antithesis of America.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
2179, WATCH: Trump’s Wiretap Accusation BLOWN WIDE OPEN – He May Be Guilty Of Obstruction Of Justice,"Trump just can t stop embroiling himself in scandal, and his week-old accusation that the Obama administration wiretapped his tower is just getting bigger and bigger. Congress is demanding his evidence. Various House Republicans have said they have no evidence. FBI Director James Comey has publicly denied the claims. And now it seems that stupid attempt to make Obama look like a criminal may, in fact, make him guilty of obstruction of justice. That is an impeachable offense.Back in November, a right-leaning website, Heat Street, reported on the existence of a FISA warrant that would allow the FBI to monitor two Russian banks that were communicating with a server in Trump Tower. That s all   reporter Louise Mensch didn t say that any wiretaps actually existed.In talking to MSNBC today, Mensch dropped a bombshell on Trump s claims. She flat said: For once, I think it s possible the president does not have a fake news problem. I think he may have a real news problem, being that, what if there really is a wiretap at Trump Tower? The problem the president has then is that I didn t report that, and neither did any other journalist, which means that if he tweeted evidence in an ongoing, top-secret case, then he obstructed justice, and that s an impeachable offense. She goes on to say that she believes the reason the White House has more or less gone silent is not the possibility that the wiretap claims are fake   it s the possibility that they re real. Trump could have gotten himself in a world of shit with those tweets.She also says that the White House s desperation to find a member of the press who reported the wiretaps before Trump did is because they re terrified that he committed obstruction of justice. Nobody in the press ever said there was a wiretap. The press reported on his accusations and the FISA warrant. Big difference.Watch below:Featured image by Olivier Douliery via Getty Images",0
2180, WATCH: Rachel Maddow Has PERFECT Argument To Prove Trump Is A Failure Despite His Bragging,"Donald Trump can brag all he wants, but Rachel Maddow knows that Trump s presidency has been nothing but a disastrous failure.Despite the constant bragging, Trump has proven himself to be a historic failure.Usually, the first 100 days of an administration is productive and with Republicans in control of the Senate and House, it should be easier to get things done.But Trump has only governed via bad executive orders and has taken a vacation every weekend while accusing everyone from President Obama to Democrats to the media to other government officials of somehow sabotaging him.On Sunday, Maddow discussed Trump s failure with Al Sharpton and made a strong case that Trump s has been one policy disaster after another. If you just look at what they ve done in terms of policy it s interesting they haven t been able to do anything successfully on any of the stuff they like to brag about, they like to talk about, that he campaigned on,  Maddow began.For example, Trump s Muslim bans have failed to pass muster as federal courts are blocking it because it violates the Constitution. Trump s border wall has also failed because he promised that Mexico would pay for it but it turns out that was a total lie. In fact, Trump s wall would actually cost us dearly because it would weaken our national security. The Muslim ban has been a disaster,  Maddow continued before noting that Mitch McConnell admitted that Mexico won t pay for the wall. She also referred to Trump s plan to gut the Coast Guard, airport security, and FEMA to pay for it.Maddow also mentioned that Trump is allowing mentally ill people to buy guns and is refusing to fight a Texas voter suppression law in court.And then she brought up the GOP healthcare bill that they dubiously call the  American Healthcare Act  even though is definitely not American nor is it healthcare. The health care roll-out is an absolute disaster. Politically, it s absolutely dead. I don t think anybody believes it will ever pass the Senate. They never tried anything on taxes. Remember, they were going to do a trillion dollar infrastructure plan. Nothing that they like to talk about, nothing they like to brag about, none of their big stuff is working or, in many cases, they re not even trying to make it work. Here s the video via Twitter.Democrats would be wise to echo argument Maddow makes here. It s incredibly effective, and conveniently truthful. https://t.co/a3F4hdbPbQ  Matt McDermott (@mattmfm) March 12, 2017In short, Donald Trump continues to be a failure and a disaster for our country and it will only get worse.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
2181, Obama Receives Standing Ovation In New York Restaurant While Trump’s Popularity Nose Dives (VIDEO),"Many of Obama s harshest critics are suddenly very quiet. The former president who the right relentlessly smeared during his time in office is seeing a surge in popularity in his post-White House life as Americans begin to realize just how good they had it. Trump has a way of clarifying things like that.In another reminder of just how popular Obama is (and by contrast, just how unpopular Trump is), a New York restaurant ground to a halt and gave the former president a standing ovation as he made his way through the seating area. According to witnesses, everyone was cheering and some were crying. This is what a beloved statesman looks like:O-B-A-M-A ??A post shared by Alexa Smith (@alexasmithny) on Mar 10, 2017 at 4:45pm PSTAnd here s another angle:I m dying. I m dead. PRESIDENT OBAMA is at lunch w us. We all clapped and cried.A post shared by Mackenzi (@mackenzi) on Mar 10, 2017 at 11:19am PSTMeanwhile Trump is hounded by protesters wherever he goes. During a recent vacation to Florida (Trump s 5th since taking office two months ago) he had to stoop as low as to pretend the protesters were really  supporters  in an humiliating moment that quickly went viral.Here are the people lining the street as you left. You lied again, @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/8MGLJM9xcP  Lesley Abravanel (@lesleyabravanel) February 12, 2017Adding to that, Obama s policies are becoming more popular as people face the GOP s assaults on Obama s legacy. Now that the Republicans actually have the ability to repeal Obamacare, support for the law has become stronger than ever.Support for 2010 health care law has reached a new high https://t.co/4LcI8uH0bq pic.twitter.com/fMgLJxuSG3  Pew Research Center (@pewresearch) March 11, 2017For years, Republicans assured America that Obama and his policies were not in line with voters. Now it appears that it s their ideology that Americans abhor.In Trump s mind, it s more personal. Videos of Obama being applauded are sure to infuriate Trump. Staffers close to him tell reporters that the is consumed by a bitterness towards Obama and a seething jealousy that Obama has accomplished more than he has. It s no secret that Trump craves approval and attention   both are things that Obama has earned by his actions. Trump is learning that you can t buy people s respect and it s killing him.Featured image via Instagram",0
2182, WATCH: Trump Minion Makes HUGE Slip About Who Will Pay For Infrastructure Spending,"The American people are NOT going to like this at all.If you really believed that Donald Trump cares about working people and America, this interview will shatter your delusions.Trump has promised to make infrastructure spending a top priority in his administration and it s expected to carry at least a $1 trillion price tag.Usually, every American who pays taxes, from the rich to the poor and from corporations to small businesses, helps pay the bill.But Trump s scheme would not only enrich his corporate buddies, it would allow foreigners to fleece the American people as well for decades by reimbursing private companies through the use of tolls on roads and bridges, which would be privately owned.During an interview with Sean Hannity last week, Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao, who also happens to be Mitch McConnell s wife, let the cat out of the bag when she admitted that working Americans would be saddled with the costs of the projects and that would also mean paying tolls to enrich foreign investors. After explaining it, Hannity attempted to bail her out by spinning it as a  win win  for taxpayers. If I m hearing it properly, what you re saying is, for example, if a company were to rebuild a road, they might get their investment back by having a toll on that road and that s where the taxpayers don t pay a penny, they make a profit, it s a win-win? Something like that?  Hannity said. Thanks for putting it that way,  Chao replied.Except that it s not a  win-win.  Basically, Trump s plan would allow private companies to pay for building or repairing a road or bridge and then they would force Americans to pay a toll so the company would make their money back and profit off the backs of every American who uses the road or bridge to get to work every day. Companies would literally be nickel and diming the people, and it would be the local citizens who get hit the hardest.Saying that taxpayers  don t pay a penny  is a complete lie.But that s not all.Chao repeatedly slipped up when she tried to explain that private investors would fund the roads. So, basically, we allow foreign inv uh, we allow different kinds of money, private sector money to come into the United States I m not saying foreign to come and fund, let s say a bridge or a road or it can be any kind of infrastructure. That s right. Chao just admitted that foreign investors would also be able to basically own American roads and make us pay them to use them. And Cenk Uygur knows why.Uygur explained on his Young Turks show that Chao is the daughter of a Taiwanese businessman who got rich investing in transportation.That means Chao and her family could personally enrich themselves under Trump s scheme.Here s the Hannity interview and Uygur s commentary via Twitter.Transportation Secretary @ElaineChao may have accidentally let her true intentions slip during a @seanhannnity interview. pic.twitter.com/2yIR25BtRy  The Young Turks (@TheYoungTurks) March 12, 2017Once again, Donald Trump is scamming working Americans to make himself and his friends rich while the rest of us pay the bill for the rest of our lives. Our infrastructure would literally be owned and operated by private companies and foreigners while we pay the price. It s unfair. It s un-American. And it should piss off every American citizen.Featured image via screenshot",0
2183, WATCH: Ivanka Trump Gets SKEWERED By Saturday Night Live For Helping Her Crazy Dad,"Ivanka Trump is complicit in what her father Donald Trump is doing to America and Saturday Night Live hilariously made sure everyone knows about it.In yet another classic commercial spoof, Saturday Night Live brilliantly mocked Ivanka, portrayed by Scarlett Johansson, with an advertisement for a perfume called  Complicit. As dressed in gold Ivanka walks across a ballroom where champagne is being served and guests are gawking at her as a narrator speaks highly about her without choking on the words. Every man knows her name. Every woman knows her face. When she walks into a room, all eyes are on her. She s Ivanka. And a woman like her deserves a fragrance all her own. A scent made just for her. Because she s beautiful, she s powerful, she s Complicit. She s a woman who knows what she wants,  the narrator continues.  And knows what she s doing. Complicit. Ivanka then walks up to a mirror and applies lipstick but her reflection is that of her father as played by Alec Baldwin. She doesn t crave the spotlight, but we see her. Oh, how we see her. The narrator then goes on to describe Ivanka using terms like  feminist  but has no idea why they apply to her. A feminist, an advocate, a champion for women,  the narrator says.  But, like, how? She s loyal. Devoted, but probably should ve bounced after that whole Access Hollywood bus thing,  the narration continued in reference to Donald Trump bragging about grabbing women s genitals without their consent.  Oh well,  Ivanka said.The commercial then concluded with an epic and accurate slogan for the  Complicit  perfume. For the woman who could stop all this   but won t. Here s the video via YouTube.Indeed, Ivanka Trump has a lot of influence over her father but she has failed to use it. Instead, white nationalists like Steve Bannon are pulling the strings and America is suffering for it. Ivanka Trump should be ashamed of herself and she should always be remembered as the one person who could have done something but didn t. That makes her complicit.Featured image via screenshot",0
2184, John McCain Says Trump Is F*cked: ‘Lots Of Shoes To Drop From This Centipede’ (VIDEO),"According to Senator John McCain, Donald Trump s life is about get become very uncomfortable very quickly. During an appearance on CNN s  State of the Union,  McCain explained that he was bothered by a number of things involving Trump and Russia, including the strange removal of a call for defensive weapons to the Ukraine to defend against Russia from the official party platform. Clearly, it was not the will of most Republicans,  McCain told Jake Tapper Sunday, adding that there are plenty of shoes about to drop.  There s a lot of aspects with this whole relationship with Russia and Vladimir Putin that requires further scrutiny, and so far I don t think the American people have gotten all the answers. In fact, I think there s a lot of shoes to drop from this centipede. This whole issue of the relationship with the Russians and who communicated with them and under what circumstances clearly cries out for an investigation,  McCain says.  But I would also point out we should not assume guilt until we have a thorough investigation. I m not judging anyone guilty. Unfortunately, McCain s fellow Republicans are doing all they can to avoid investigating the Trump administration s numerous and growing list of shady contacts with Russian oligarchs   though Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who perjured himself when he was asked about Russian contacts during his confirmation hearing, has said he may appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Donald Trump s baseless allegations that President Obama tapped his  wires  at Trump Tower.Watch the interview below:Tapper asks John McCain about the Flynn-Turkey revelations; McCain starts talking about Russia, Russia, Russia. https://t.co/Z9hFrrF6Sx  Chuck Ross (@ChuckRossDC) March 12, 2017Featured image via screengrab",0
2185, WATCH: Chris Wallace NAILS Trump For Touting Jobs Reports He Once Called ‘Phony’,"Donald Trump is the ultimate hypocrite and Fox host Chris Wallace called him out for it on Sunday.During the campaign, Trump repeatedly bashed positive monthly jobs reports by claiming that they were somehow being faked by President Obama to make it appear that the economy was improving under his watch. Trump dismissed the low unemployment rate as well, claiming that he  heard  that it was much higher, as high as 42 percent, which is an outrageous lie.Chris Wallace played footage of this while interviewing Trump s chief economic adviser and former Goldman Sachs executive. You know, the same Goldman Sachs that Donald Trump repeatedly vilified during the campaign because of Hillary Clinton s ties to them.Anyway, Wallace pointed out that while Trump is touting the recent February jobs report that shows the economy added 235,000 jobs and the unemployment rate dropped from 4.8 to 4.7 percent, he is clearly being a hypocrite because he called previous jobs reports  phony. If that s true, why should we believe these numbers?  Wallace demanded to know before noting that Trump inherited a strengthening economy from the Obama administration.  And the fact is, did you inherit an economy that has been for the last 18 months somewhere between 4.6 and 5 percent unemployment? Of course, rather than admit that Trump is full of shit, Cohn ignored the question and made it sound like Trump is an economic hero. The economy continues to grow and we are doing out part, Cohn said before claiming that CEOs are telling Trump that they are adding jobs because of him. We are creating these jobs because of you, Mr. President, and your policies.  Which have not, yet, come into any sort of effect.Here s the video via YouTube:The bottom line is that the economy is continuing to grow because of President Obama s economic policies. Many of the investment plans that companies are announcing right now were in motion well before the election in November. But Trump has been desperately trying to take credit for the economy.So let s all remember how Trump is currently taking credit for all the good economic news. Because once the economy implodes under his watch, he ll definitely try to blame the black guy for it.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
2186, Intelligence Committee Warns Trump: Produce Wiretapping Evidence By Monday,"Last Saturday, Donald Trump woke at the crack of dawn and went on an extraordinary Twitter tirade   even for him. He accused his predecessor, President Barack Obama, of illegally wiretapping Trump Tower during the hotly contested 2016 election campaign. This is a most outrageous claim to make about a former president   especially since a president cannot legally order such surveillance on any American citizen. So, if indeed Trump s claims were to turn out to be true (hint: they won t), it would have come first from a request by the FBI, and said request would have been reviewed and granted by a judge. In other words, if this did happen, it would mean that there was ample evidence that criminal activity was occurring in Trump Tower at that point in time.The worst part of this whole claim is that it was said via Twitter with absolutely no evidence whatsoever. If Trump did have evidence, surely he would have produced it by now. Well, he has also demanded that House and Senate Intelligence Committees find the evidence that he clearly does not have, and they re tired of his lies and shenanigans surrounding this issue. They are so sick of it, in fact, that they have demanded evidence of Trump s claims against President Obama be presented to them by Monday.This request comes courtesy of House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes (R-CA) and Ranking Member Adam Schiff (D-CA). Schiff has called what Trump did via Twitter last Saturday  outlandish  and  destructive.  He s right. If any evidence were to exist (another hint: it doesn t) Trump or someone within the federal government would have made said evidence public by now just to kill the story.Trump has really stepped in it with this one. He flat-out lied about who is perhaps the most honorable man to ever occupy the White House. Then again   lest we forget   Trump started his political career by leading the racist birther crusade. So, we really shouldn t be surprised at his behavior here.Featured image via Aude Guerrucci-Pool/Getty Images",0
2187, Congress Sends Trump A SERIOUS Warning About His Tweeting,"Trump and his Twitter habit may be breaking federal law, especially insofar as misspellings and other stupid errors, because he deletes and then reposts as though he thinks nobody will notice (he should take a hint   we all notice). Because of that, Elijah Cummings and, amazingly enough, Jason Chaffetz, sent an official letter of warning to Trump about deleting his tweets because doing so could be in violation of the Presidential Records Act.Chaffetz and Cummings sent their letter to White House counsel Don McGahn, and said: President Trump uses at least two Twitter accounts: an official White House account (@POTUS) and an account that predated his inauguration (@realDonaldTrump). Many of the messages sent from these accounts are likely to be presidential records and therefore must be preserved. It has been reported, however, that President Trump has deleted tweets, and if those tweets were not archived it could pose a violation of the Presidential Records Act. So yeah, they think the man that got elected to the White House is actively breaking the law with his Twitter account. It s silly, too   they re asking McGahn to provide any evidence there may be of White House staff receiving training on the PRA. Trump seems to think that a lot of the usual training White House staff gets is unnecessary. He s, like, a smart person, remember.They re asking McGahn to identify senior officials covered by the PRA who have used personal email accounts to conduct government business since Jan. 20. They want names, and the names of alias accounts and other accounts used, along with a whole host of other information to demonstrate that Trump and his staff are in compliance with the law.Speculation has been going around for awhile about whether Trump deleting tweets is illegal now. Forbes published a question from Quora about this same thing way back in February. Carter Moore, a former Congressional aide, said: [It s] very unlikely [that deleting tweets is legal].But while I hate to be too lawyerly about it, it depends on the nature of the tweet and on how thoroughly he deletes it The only  out  that the President would have in deleting a tweet would be if the twet could be argued to be a record of  purely private or nonpublic character which does not relate to or have an effect upon the carrying out of the constitutional, statutory, or other official or ceremonial duties of the President. He went on to explain that the law puts responsibility for preserving records on the President, so the countless screencaps of Trump s deleted tweets don t count as preserving presidential records.The White House put an auto-archiving system into place under President Obama so that his tweets, and the tweets of other top officials, were preserved regardless of what happened. Those tweets now belong to the National Archives. That may well still be in effect, but it applies only to official White House accounts. It wouldn t archive tweets from Trump s personal account, which he uses all the damn time.Now that Congress is on Trump s case about this, it ll be interesting to see what happens. Or Trump might tell Congress to go fuck itself, because he s Donald Trump and you don t question Donald Trump.Featured image by Alex Wong via Getty Images",0
2188, Watch Darrel Issa Get Booed After Being A Total D*ck To A Constituent (VIDEO),"There may have been a time, many years ago, when the Republican party gave a crap about its constituents, but those days are long gone. If you haven t seen enough proof of that yet, all you have to do is watch this snippet from a Rep. Darrell Issa town hall in San Diego, California to see where he mocks a constituent who claimed to be assaulted by one of Issa s staff.The woman, who said she is a member of California s Bar (a lawyer) and that she was holding a sign at the town hall which was taken away from her by Issa s  bodyguard,  whom she said assaulted her. I had a very small sign that said, Investigate Russia now,  she explained to the congressman standing on the stage.  There are many other people with signs here. You bodyguard, security guard, came over and took my sign away from me forcibly. I asserted my 1st Amendment rights of free speech. I told him it was suppression of speech. Source: Raw StoryIssa tried blaming it on the size of her sign. Apparently, oversized signs were banned from the event, but the woman insisted it was small. He did apologize, but the woman persisted. Mine was small and it was forcibly taken from me and it constituted a battery,  the woman asserted.  It was your staff. They committed a criminal offense against me. At that point, Ryan had had enough with the woman and said,  well, okay,  while grabbing the mic and said,  We ll go on to somebody who doesn t have a pending lawsuit. The crowd, thankfully, booed.Here s the video:Sadly, this seems to be common behavior among Republicans. Dissent is no longer welcome. They re even attempting to make protesting illegal, or at least very difficult, in many states. In Michigan, for example, lawmakers tried to pass a law that would make picketing illegal by charging a $1,000 fine for each day of picketing. Fortunately, the state Senate didn t pass it, but other bills are even more frightening.In North Dakota, for example, Republicans introduced a bill that would make it legal to run down protesters with cars.Of course, we have an Oval Office occupier who believes that all dissent is  fake  and needs to be shut down. Should it be any surprise that his party follows his example?Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2189, Trump’s Weekend Jaunts To Florida Are Putting The U.S. In Grave Danger,"Trump s selfishness knows no bounds. He thinks as president and commander-in-chief that he can do what he wants, and others will handle the details. There s one so-called  detail,  however, that he really needs to consider: All that time he spends at Mar-a-Lago? It s not just costing us a bundle. It s a national security nightmare that could be putting us in grave danger, and it grows with each visit.Mar-a-Lago was not built for the U.S. president, it was built as a resort for rich people like Donald Trump. The security risks are astonishing, especially since the guests who frequent the place get less vetting than what Trump thinks Syrian refugees get. That, according to former Secret Service agents and other experts, means spies and other enemies can get at him easily.In fact, two former CIA directors, Michael Hayden and John McLaughlin, both say that foreign intelligence operatives would love to get their hands on Mar-a-Lago, and it would be very easy because the place is so unsecure. They could eavesdrop on conversations and start building dossiers on key officials, and learn national secrets they could then use against us because Trump was relaxed and stupid.Just look at what happened when one of his weekends in February turned into a national security event as North Korea shot off a missile into the Sea of Japan. Guests there were taking pictures of the briefings and discussions and posting them to social media in a massive breach of security, even though Trump later insisted that no sensitive discussions took place, nor was sensitive material in view of his guests.That s not all, though. All of Trump s clubs present these risks because the members are welcome at Mar-a-Lago as he makes a habit of going there every single weekend, and they have access to him at his other clubs as well. That includes his international clubs, meaning foreigners have unsecure access to Trump.Spies wouldn t even have to show up at Mar-a-Lago, or anywhere else. They could bribe or blackmail people close to Trump to get intelligence on us, including key club employees whose names, email addresses and phone numbers are available on Mar-a-Lago s website. The club s managing director has special clearance to get close to Trump. People in positions like that are juicy targets for spies.It s not bad enough that Trump insisted on using a personal, unsecure phone for a lot of his communications, including Twitter (he has a secure phone now, but reports are conflicting about whether he still uses his old, unsecure Android phone). He has make things worse by spending all his weekends at his estate, with people who worship him but could be anyone, or under anyone s influence.Basically, Trump must have all his old habits and he doesn t give a damn about how unsecure they are. That means he doesn t give a damn about U.S. national security. We have a man in the White House who s one of the worst security risks we ve had.Featured image by Joe Raedle via Getty Images",0
2190, Hannity Has A Complete MELTDOWN After Being Called A Fascist Traitor By Chaz Bono,"The son of Sonny and Cher successfully caused Fox host Sean Hannity to blow a gasket.On Thursday, Hannity literally asked Wikileaks to discredit the CIA and help Russia in support of Donald Trump.Is it possible, likely or can you confirm instances where the CIA used Malware to  Attribute  cyberattacks to other nations? Possibly Russia https://t.co/Ay1Ms84TPT  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) March 9, 2017Trump s Russia scandal has been raging since before he took office and has only grown in recent weeks, especially after Trump tried to distract from the scandal by falsely accusing President Obama of wiretapping him.So Hannity wants hackers to break into the CIA because he thinks our top intelligence agency is hiding information that proves the Russia scandal is being manufactured to hurt Trump.Hannity soon began calling for Trump to  purge  the government to stop leaks.It s time for the Trump administration to purge the deep state saboteurs from the government  hear more at 10pm #Hannity  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) March 10, 2017Hannity s paranoid un-American tweets caught the attention of Chaz Bono, who proceeded to call Hannity what he is: a fascist traitor.So is the new Right, all Putin loving, reality denying, traitors to the principals our country was founded on, Fascists, Just Like #Trump? https://t.co/lfpfxIEpr2  Chaz Bono (@ChazBono) March 10, 2017After Hannity noticed Bono s tweet, he had a meltdown, complete with typical conservative attacks on liberals and Hollywood and inviting Bono on his pathetic program for the purpose of  exposing  him.Chaz clearly you are just ignorant. Read the @wikileaks info released this week. Try and educate yourself before tweeting inane lib tlk pts! https://t.co/hLWri23Lx7  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) March 11, 2017Also Chaz I thought you liberals were supposed to be  tolerant , &  inclusive . You r just the typical phony Hollywood hypocrite. https://t.co/hLWri23Lx7  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) March 11, 2017I have said many times we should NOT trust Putin. I embrace truth everyday. I love my country and am not a fascist. You r ignorant and dull. https://t.co/hLWri23Lx7  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) March 11, 2017Chaz come on my TV show so I can expose to all what a hypocrite you are and that you re dumber than dirt. https://t.co/hLWri23Lx7  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) March 11, 2017Well, Bono was not impressed.Oh Sean, while that s tempting, I don t play with stupid. But have fun denigrating the CIA and propping up Putin. Reagan would be so proud. https://t.co/eaqIrPeX7X  Chaz Bono (@ChazBono) March 11, 2017Predictably, Hannity threw another temper tantrum.Oh Chaz, you are scared to death. Also stop lying. I admire US intelligence with the exception of those leaking Typical ignorant lib coward! https://t.co/imS3TslZpX  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) March 11, 2017You drop insults and ad hominem attacks vs me, I refuse to take your Hollywood BS and then you refuse to come on and defend the lies u spew. https://t.co/ALfTFWrlIy  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) March 11, 2017Sean Hannity is a poisonous media personality and college dropout who wouldn t know what facts are if they hit him square in the face. He is part of Trump s propaganda machine who is desperate to help Trump kill the continuing investigation into his Russia scandal. By asking an outside entity to attack the CIA, Hannity is inviting hackers to gain access to classified information that could be used against us by our enemies. That makes Hannity a true traitor to the United States.Featured image via creenshot",0
2191, Bought And Paid For: Paul Ryan Met With Insurance Lobbyists Before Presenting Trumpcare Plan,"I m not sure why, after nearly a decade of Republicans gleefully sh*tting on the American people, I would suddenly expect that House Speaker Paul Ryan and his cohorts to realize they work for the us, not for the highest bidder. But alas, Ryan, with his gawdawful healthcare bill, that s guaranteed to give 10 million people the boot, while enriching the already rich, proved once again who his real constituents are, and it s not us. If you need proof, Ryan attended a fundraiser with health insurance lobbyists just two hours before rolling out the bill.The two things were related. The Thursday morning breakfast fundraiser he attended was hosted by a lobbying firm working to unwind the Affordable Care Act on behalf of health insurance company Blue Cross Blue Shield, one of the big winners of Ryan s proposed legislation.The breakfast, according to an invitation, was sponsored by McGuireWoods PAC, the political action committee for the lobbying firm McGuireWoods. Blue Cross Blue Shield pays McGuireWoods $120,000 a year to lobby on changes to health reform, records show. Attendees of the event paid were asked to pitch in as much as $10,000.Source: The InterceptIt seems it was money well spent for the insurance company. The bill would allow insurance executives to make a lot more money. Companies can currently only deduct up to $1 million in salaries, per executive, from their taxes. The bill would remove that cap.It would also allow insurance companies to add a 30 percent surcharge if someone faces hard times and they let their insurance lapse. In other words, poor people will have to pay a lot more   a lot more. It would also put a real burden on the young, who might forgo insurance for now, thinking the 30 percent surcharge might not be a big deal in a few years.There is nothing about this bill that benefits the people of the United States, but Ryan is dressing it up and entering it into what he calls a beauty contest. This beauty contestant, though, is ugly both on the outside and the inside. In fact, what is that smell?Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2192, WATCH: MSNBC Panel Explains Terrifying Reason Why Trump Is Dangerous For Listening To Racist Conspiracy Nuts,"Since taking office, Donald Trump has surrounded himself with white nationalists and conspiracy theorists, which has made him and even bigger threat to the nation.Trump has repeatedly demonstrated over the last two months that he has absolutely no idea what he is doing and that he basically does whatever his advisers tell him to do.Top adviser Steve Bannon is the de facto president who fills Trump s head with falsehoods and conspiracies, contributing to the atmosphere of infighting and chaos that has gripped the White House and led to decisions that screw over the American people in favor of the racist agenda Trump s minions are pursuing.As we all know, Trump openly accused President Obama of wiretapping him after reading a conspiracy theory on Breitbart, a conservative website that Bannon controlled prior to joining Trump s team.Of course, Trump s accusation was baseless and he has not presented any evidence to prove his claim.The fact that Trump is a puppet controlled by white nationalists who are feeding him conspiracy theories to advance their cause is incredibly frightening, and it was the subject of a discussion by Joy Reid and her Saturday morning panel on MSNBC, a discussion that made it clear why Trump s associates and his behavior are more dangerous than ever before.Reid began by pointing out that Trump is listening to people like Sean Hannity, who literally told Trump to purge anyone who may disagree with him and referred to them as  saboteurs.  Now Trump is actually beginning to purge the government as Hannity demanded.Former CIA terrorism expert Jack Rice responded by saying that Trump should be more worried about Russia and the grip they have over his administration.Then the discussion turned to Trump s closest advisers, who appear to be the real power in the White House. I think actually that is a very important point to make because you do have a president who is surrounded by sort of an alt-state and that is Bannonites   I don t know what you call them,  Reid said. They want this Christian white nationalistic ethno-state, I guess. And people like Steve Bannon, people like Sebastian Gorka, and Stephen Miller. There is a core of people around Donald Trump who want him to keep believing conspiracy theories, who want him to essentially believe President Obama can wiretap him from Hawaii or wherever he happens to be. National security expert Malcolm Nance then chimed in and frighteningly reminded everyone that Trump has 4,000 nuclear weapons at his disposal and that the right conspiracy theory could make him fearful and paranoid enough to use them. We have a conspiracy theory president and I m not even sure whether you can put those three words together in a tangible sentence and use the word president,  Nance began.  He seems to be buying every crazy idea that s out there. Now, granted, the man can t seem to tell the truth about anything. This is dangerous and, as much as it sounds amusing, he controls 4,000 atomic weapons. He controls the levers of power in the United States. if he s going out with Steve King and others in Congress and saying that the president of the   the former president of the United States wiretapped a conversation he had a few weeks ago with the president of Australia, I mean we have got a very serious problem here. Here s the video via YouTube.If that s not enough to convince every American in this country that Trump should not be president, then this country is truly f*cked.Featured Image: Jim Lo Scalzo   Pool/Getty Images",0
2193," Trump Made The Most DELUSIONAL Statement About Obamacare, America’s Response Is PERFECT (TWEETS)","Apparently, Donald Trump has yet to learn his lesson about attacking former President Barack Obama.Last weekend, the disgraceful Tweeter in Chief decided to accuse his beloved predecessor of wiretapping his phones in the Trump Tower before the U.S. election. He immediately regretted this, because his reckless lies ignited not only tons of backlash against him, but also prompted further investigations into the Russia scandal.America has not even recovered from the shock that a current POTUS would accuse a former leader of the free world of doing such a thing. Regardless, Trump took to Twitter Saturday morning to attack Obama again. At around 9:30 am, Trump exercised at least some self-control and only tweeted one anti-Obama message, this time insulting Obamacare while hyping up the GOP s replacement bill (which by the way, is an absolute disaster and pretty much hated by everyone). Trump tweeted:Trump s claim that Obamacare is  imploding  is just as hilarious as it is ridiculous. Of course, there are some things about Obamacare that could use amending. But Americans, for the most part, are very happy with Obamacare and are pissed off that the Republican Party is going to repeal it, stripping millions of people of their health care. Not to mention, the sloppy replacement plan that the GOP is putting in place has already been highly criticized by Democrats and Republicans alike and is sure to be a death sentence for many Americans.Fortunately, America isn t about to let Trump forget that his ideas suck. Once Trump tweeted his attack on Obamacare, Twitter users rushed in to take Trump right off his high horse and bring him back to reality. Here are some of the best responses:      Trump is absolutely delusional if he thinks the GOP s plan is going to put Obamacare to shame   and Americans will make sure he realizes it.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
2194, UNHINGED: White Male GOP Rep. Makes COMPLETELY Off-The-Wall Claim About How ACA Hurt Women,"Rep. Jason Smith of Missouri spent International Women s Day advocating for women   or so we re sure he thought. He s a supporter of the GOP s plan for repealing the ACA, which includes restricting women s access to healthcare via Planned Parenthood, and also severely restricts a woman s right to make choices about her own body. But the 10 percent tax on tanning salons? That has to go because it disproportionately harms women, and he will make sure it goes.As Slate reported: I wanted to see who predominantly is taxed with this tanning tax. Is it men? Is it women? So I went to a little Google search,  he said.  What I found on Google is roughly 80 percent of who s taxed are women. So out of the $600 million that has been created by this tax   $480 million has come from the backs and the pockets of women. Today s International Women Day,  noted Smith, who has advocated for legislation that would defund women s health clinics.  It s interesting that no one is bringing that up. While yes, we could make the argument that we re unfairly taxing women with the tanning bed tax, we have to think about the fact that tanning beds also disproportionately harm women. Tanning beds aren t healthy. They re a leading cause of skin cancer behind the sun (and Smith wonders why we don t tax the sun oh please). They ve led to a massive increase in skin cancer in women under the age of 30.They re also a complete luxury, unlike things like pads and tampons, pap smears, mammograms, pre-natal care, maternity care, hormonal contraception, and yes, abortion. Where is he on all of this stuff? If not taxing women unfairly is so important to him, where was the impassioned plea for states to stop taxing women for pads and tampons?As far as abortion, he believes in shifting from abortion to adoption, and overturning Roe v. Wade, which is just going to send us back to the days of back-alley abortions, coat hanger abortions, and women dying because of these things. It could also lead to more women unnecessarily dying in childbirth, or being forced to carry a non-viable fetus (even a dead fetus) to term. Why is he not pleading for Congress to make sure none of this happens by enacting legislation that s proven to lower the abortion rate and improve the odds for pregnant women and their babies?This is a man who s dismissed the idea that cutting Medicaid, including its funding to Planned Parenthood, would leave more Americans without coverage. Stripping Medicaid funding from Planned Parenthood would leave low-income women without access to basic women s care and birth control, which is most of what they do.But no, the tanning bed tax is the worst thing we ever did to women, in his view.If he wants to stand up for women s rights, he d stop with his faux, pseudo-feminist pleas and actually work towards policies that have been proven to help women and their families, and lower the abortion rate. This is just shameful.Featured image by Darin Morley, CC BY-SA 3.0 via Wikimedia",0
2195, Top Intelligence Committee Member: ‘No Evidence’ To Back Up Trump’s Bogus Wiretap Claims,"FBI Director James Comey met with the House Intelligence Committee on Thursday to discuss Donald Trump s claim that former President Obama had his  wires tapped  at Trump Tower during the election. A day later, the top Democrat on the intelligence committee said that he hasn t seen one shred of evidence to back up Trump s bogus claim.Rep. Adam Schiff is a member of what is known as the  Gang of Eight,  which is the group of House members who are privy to the most classified information out there. Schiff said that Thursday s meeting with Comey didn t provide the committee with any evidence whatsoever that Trump s phones had been tapped by Obama or anyone else. I think when Sean Spicer isn t even willing to talk about it, you know there s a real problem,  Schiff told CNN.Rep. Devin Nunes, who is the Republican heading up the intelligence committee, said earlier this week that he hadn t seen any evidence to support Trump s wiretapping claims either. After meeting with Comey, he said that nothing had changed.Comey has said previously that Trump is full of it when it comes to the allegations of his phones being tapped. Schiff thinks Comey will answer questions regarding this fiasco during a committee hearing scheduled for later this month. He certainly is prepared for the question,  Schiff told CNN.  I don t see any reason why he wouldn t answer it. He might even welcome the opportunity. Trump decided last weekend that he would get on Twitter and accuse Obama of tapping the phones at Trump Tower, even if he had no evidence to back up this allegation.Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my  wires tapped  in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2196, Did Trump’s Former Campaign Manager Have People Killed? His Daughters Say He Did,"In mid-August just last year, Paul Manafort resigned from the Trump campaign after revelations that he was involved in protests organized by the pro-Russian Party of Regions against US Marines deployed to that country for a training exercise in 2006. According to a ledger reviewed by Ukraine s national Anti-Corruption Bureau, Manafort s name appeared in receipt of more than $12.7 million in cash payments over five years from disgraced Ukranian President Viktor Yanukovych. And that is just the short list of Manafort s transgressions.An investigation has just been requested by a Ukranian human rights lawyer over what appears to be text messages between Manfort s daughters. In those messages, the daughters suggest that their father had a hand in the bloody mass killings carried out by Ukraine security forces in 2014, the Daily News reports.Speaking of leaks: Last month, an anonymous hacker website published roughly 300,000 text messages that were supposedly sent between Manafort s daughters, Andrea and Jessica, and the accusations in the apparent conversations are harsh. You know he has killed people in Ukraine? Knowingly,  Andrea Manafort appears to have written to her sister via text in March 2015. That was in reference to their Trump-connected father s alleged role in the February 2014 police shootings in Kiev that killed over 100 pro-Western protesters in the weeks leading up to Yanukovych s escape from his country.Andrea Manafort reportedly wrote in another text to her sister that their father was behind the  strategy  that Yanukovych implemented in order to have his security forces kill dozens of protesters in Kiev s Independence Square. Do you know whose strategy that was to cause that, to send those people out and get them slaughtered,  Andrea Manafort allegedly wrote to her sister, referring to their father. He has no moral or legal compass,  she added.Manafort has long and deep ties to pro-Russian politicians in Ukraine. Yanukovych is closely connected to Russian leader Vladimir Putin. After he was ousted in 2014, he has been hiding in Russia after fleeing from his home country where he remains wanted on charges of high treason.According to experts, Manafort was invited in an unofficial capacity to consult on Yanukovych s first presidential campaign in December 2004, in the days of the Orange Revolution in Ukraine. During the presidential campaign, Manafort said he s known Trump for 30 years.I m sure Thanksgiving dinner this year will be fun at the Manafort home.Image via screen capture",0
2197, Highest Canadian Court CONFIRMS Trump Scammed Investors (DETAILS),"Donald Trump, the businessman who conservatives thought would be an ideal choice to become president of the most powerful country in the world, has scammed a lot of people along the way. As president-elect, Trump had to fork over $25 million to settle three lawsuits over his now-defunct Trump University and after he was sworn in, lawsuits are still coming in.The newest lawsuit alleges that the former reality show star and a real estate development firm misled investors, and that has now been upheld by Canada s highest court.The Independent reports:Sarbjit Singh and Se Na Lee alleged they were sold units in Toronto s, Trump International Hotel, under false pretenses.The pair claimed they were misled to believe their investments would see returns ranging from 7.7 per cent to 20.9 per cent. Instead, they said they lost a combined C$1.2m ( 732,810).Instead of the promised returns, the two investors lost a combined $1.2 million, according to the decision by the Ontario Court of Appeal last year, which sided with the plaintiffs in their case against Trump, Talon International Development and former executives of that firm.The Supreme Court of Canada backed that decision which upheld the lower court s ruling and decided it will not hear an appeal from the defendants.Justice Paul Rouleau wrote in a document outlining the case that,  neither Mr Singh nor Mrs Lee were sophisticated investors, in real estate or otherwise  and  both had to borrow heavily from family to finance their purchases .Justice Rouleaus continued to write that the  cornerstone  of the plaintiffs  claims was a document that was presented to each of them outlining the  estimated return on investment .Rouleau stated that  as it turned out, the estimates bore no relation to financial reality. The motions judge found as a fact that the estimates were  deceptive documents  and  replete with misrepresentations of commission, of omission, and of half-truth .The Ontario Court of Appeal ruled last October in favor of the plaintiffs, ordering that the sale of the unit must be rescinded for Singh and damages must be paid to Lee for  negligent misrepresentation. That order stands. With Trump University, promises were made and not kept. There was no  education  at the alleged university. It was a scam. People lost tens of thousands of dollars, most of them thinking that if Trump s name was tied to it, then it s a worthwhile investment. That s sort of what conservatives thought when they voted Trump into power on election day. Trump is plagued with scandals but yeah, he s a businessman, they said. Meanwhile, he s profiting greatly from his presidency.Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images",0
2198, Trump Appointee Didn’t Last Two Months Before Being Fired For Calling For Muslim Genocide,"That didn t take long.One of Trump s oldest campaign backers was hooked up with a job he was blatantly not qualified for and seemingly had no interest in. Just two months later, he has already been fired for being a racist nutjob. Trump only hires  the best. According to reports first covered by Buzzfeed, Trump s associate Sid Bowdidge worked as a massage therapist before riding Trump s coattails to a gig at the Department of Energy.According to two employees at the nuclear weapons agency, who asked to remain anonymous, Sid Bowdidge, 60, began working at the department following President Trump s inauguration. An internal department database identified the New Hampshire Trump campaign worker as  assistant to the secretary,  a nebulous title given to political appointees at varied levels of responsibility.The move from back rubs to working on nuclear weapons policy was already a scandal, but Bowdidge refused to lie low. On his social media accounts, the man had routinely posted about desiring to see all Muslims  exterminated. Bowdidge is among a growing list of people who got cushy government jobs based on their loyalty to Donald Trump and not to their qualifications or temperment. Many of Trump s appointees   even for positions of extreme national importance   were unvetted. In the worst example, Trump s National Security Advisor was actively working as a  foreign agent  of the Turkish government at the time he was hired. At various times Trump has claimed he knew about it and was totally cool with it and that he didn t know about it. It s not clear which is worse: to be corrupt or incompetent and Trump may very well be both.An honest and competent administration, for instance, would have seen Bowdidge s insane tweets and immediately disqualified him. Trump hired him without even checking.Bowdidge also illustrates the caliber of person attracted to Trump. Since 2015, he has been one of Trump s fiercest supporters, even going on television to defend the former reality tv star from Republican and Democratic opposition. From his tweets, Bowdidge is a xenophobe who believes that President Obama was a secret Muslim.Again and again people in Trump s orbit are exposed as similarly vile and pathetic. He has been endorsed by KKK leader David Duke and is beloved by white nationalist website Breitbart. Several of his most prominent advisors are birthers. His former campaign manager resigned after covering up his ties to Russia. He lost his nominee for communications director to an infidelity scandal. He lost one of his campaign surrogates to the exact same infidelity scandal.It s difficult to put into words just how unqualified this administration is. It s rotten to the very core. Or as MSNBC s Chris Hayes summed up this particularly sad twist:Just to recap: the Trump admin hired & placed in DOE,a person w 1) no relevant experience 2) who called for all Muslims to be exterminated  Christopher Hayes (@chrislhayes) March 11, 2017Featured image via Facebook/New York Daily News",0
2199, Muhammad Ali Jr. Detained AGAIN At Airport Right After Testifying About First Detention,"One day after he testified about being stopped by immigration officials under Donald Trump s Muslim ban, the son of boxing legend Muhammad Ali was detained by immigration officials again   this time on a domestic flight.Muhammad Ali Jr. traveled to Washington on Wednesday to testify about the first time he was detained on his way back from a Black History Month speech he gave with his mother in Jamaica. Ali Jr. was initially detained at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport on February 7 and questioned for two hours, with officials grilling him with ever-important questions like  Are you a Muslim  and  where did you get your name.  This time, the boxer s son didn t even make it to Florida.While attempting to board a flight home in a Washington-area airport, the TSA immediately took issue with his identification:When Mr. Ali, whose father died last year, arrived at Reagan National Airport in Washington on Friday for a flight to Fort Lauderdale, Fla., he gave his Illinois identification card to a JetBlue agent to get his boarding pass, said his lawyer, Chris Mancini, who was traveling with him and witnessed the episode. Almost immediately, Mr. Ali was told that there was a problem and that the agent needed to call the Department of Homeland Security, Mr. Mancini said.Mr. Ali, 44, was asked his date of birth, where he was born and his Social Security number, Mr. Mancini said. After answering the questions, he was told that his Illinois-issued identification card, which expires in 2019 but is not a driver s license, was invalid for flying. The same state ID from Illinois that he traveled to Washington on was rejected,  Mr. Mancini said in an interview on Friday night. Mr. Ali then produced his United States passport, which was accepted, and went through security and boarded the flight with his mother, Khalilah Camacho-Ali, the second wife of Muhammad Ali, and Mr. Mancini.Mr. Mancini said that the episode lasted between 20 and 25 minutes.  This whole thing smacks of some sort of retaliation for his testimony,  he said.The TSA, as is typical, absolved itself of all wrongdoing . Upon arriving at the airline check-in counter, a call was made to confirm Mr. Ali s identity with T.S.A. officials,  the agency says.  When Mr. Ali arrived at the checkpoint, his large jewelry alarmed the checkpoint scanner. He received a targeted pat-down in the area of his jewelry to clear the alarm and was cleared to catch his flight. This is now the second time over the course of two separate Muslim bans in which a well-known figure was singled out seemingly for no better reason than his name. This does not keep America safe   it makes everyday Americans afraid to travel if their skin is too dark or if they might appear too  Muslimy  to the unwashed bigots who regularly staff TSA checkpoints across the nation.If this is what America looks like when it s  Great Again,  then maybe we should stop. Let s not be so great. Our country can t handle it.Featured image via Getty Images (Mandel Ngan)",0
2200, WATCH: GOP Rep. Steve King Just Dropped A BOMBSHELL Admission About Trump’s Wiretapping Claims,"Oh, the wiretapping scandal. Or it would be a scandal if it were true. Trump hasn t produced any hard evidence of being tapped anywhere, but Republicans have jumped on the series of tweets in which he accused President Obama of tapping him as though it s concrete fact. Enter Rep. Steve King, who licks Trump s boots. He appeared on MSNBC last night to discuss Trump and his wiretapping nonsense.And he flat-out admitted that the GOP doesn t have any facts proving that Trump was wiretapped. Literally. He said (with a smile, of all things): We actually don t have any facts to work with on this. What we got are opinions. We got opinions from the intelligence community, from Clapper, from Brennan and others. He went on to say that he gets to hear the opinions of the intelligence community, but said again that they don t have any facts. That does not, however, change his belief that both Michael Flynn and Trump were wiretapped. He seems to think that the evidence is there, the intelligence is there, he just can t see it because it s sensitive.Or something.How much longer is this charade about wiretaps going to go on before they re forced to admit that they either never happened, or happened with good reason?  Watch King s admission below:Unreal. Steve King tells @MSNBC he suspects Flynn, Trump were wiretapped THEN admits  we actually don t have any facts to work with on this  pic.twitter.com/ubNAjZYrzI  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) March 11, 2017Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
2201, GOP Rep. Just Achieved The IMPOSSIBLE By Outdoing Trump’s Hypocrisy On February Jobs Report,"Trump continued to claim credit for things with which he had little to do when February s jobs report came out earlier today, and Sean Spicer even defended him to a press that wanted to know why jobs reports are suddenly authentic, when they were all fake under Obama. But the hypocrisy doesn t end there, apparently. Kevin Brady, chairman of the House Ways and Means committee, issued his own statement on the jobs report, and in doing so, he brought Republican hypocrisy to a whole new level.The February 2016 jobs report, which, of course, came out under Obama, showed 242,000 new jobs. Brady said: While it s good news that more Americans have joined the labor force, it s disappointing to see so little growth in full time work and wages. One year later, we have a jobs report that says 238,000 new jobs were created in February. Brady said: This is a great report. The fact that hundreds of thousands more people found new jobs last month is a good sign that our economy is moving in the right direction. Isn t 238,000 less than 242,000? Or is there some kind of new math of which we aren t yet aware? Really, partisan games and fuzzy math are the only explanation for Brady s saying he s very pleased about last month s jobs report   it s obviously because there s a Republican in the White House and Brady wants to kiss his ass.It also showcases Republicans  insistence on opposing everything that Obama ever did.Brady should have thought this out a little better. There s no way to spin the difference between the two statements as anything other than sheer GOP hypocrisy.Take a look at both full statements below:Kevin Brady on the February 2016 job report v. Kevin Brady on February 2017 job report. What could have changed? pic.twitter.com/OrtMXrXqOC  Sam Stein (@samsteinhp) March 10, 2017Featured image by Mark Wilson via Getty Images",0
2202, Elijah Cummings Warned Mike Pence That Michael Flynn Was Lobbying For Turkey MONTHS Ago,"Donald Trump swears he had no idea that former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, had lobbied for Turkish interests. None at all. Mike Pence says he was also clueless that Flynn had basically been a foreign agent. Hearing that story today was the first I d heard of it,  Pence told Fox News  Bret Baier on Thursday night.Now, this may come as a shock to you, but they lied. I know, I know. Who d of thought something said by the Trump administration would turn out to be a steaming load of crap. (Insert eye roll here.)Business Insider reports that  Rep. Elijah Cummings, the ranking member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, sent sent Pence a letter on November 18 requesting more information about the potential conflicts of interest posed by Flynn s lobbying work. Recent news reports have revealed that Lt. Gen. Flynn was receiving classified briefings during the presidential campaign while his consulting firm, Flynn Intel Group, Inc., was being paid to lobby the U.S. Government on behalf of a foreign government s interests,  Cummings wrote. Lt. Gen. Flynn s General Counsel and Principal, Robert Kelley, confirmed that they were hired by a foreign company to lobby for Turkish interests, stating:  They want to keep posted on what we all want to be informed of: the present situation, the transition between President Obama and President-Elect Trump.  When asked whether the firm had been hired because of Lt. Gen. Flynn s close ties to President-elect Trump, Mr. Kelley responded,  I hope so.' Between August and November of last year, Flynn s consulting firm was hired by Turkish businessman Ekim Alptekin to lobby the U.S. government for the extradition of  Fetullah Gulen   a Turkish cleric living in Pennsylvania who Erdogan believes is responsible for planning last year s attempted coup and generally fomenting dissent inside Turkey. Flynn resigned as Trump s national security adviser after he was busted in shady talks with Russia. He claims he acted alone and it was all harmless, but that seems unlikely to anybody wth even the tiniest shred of common sense. Now, he is at the center of yet another scandal with foreign powers.Cummings said that if Pence had listened to him months ago the administration might have been able to avoid the problems that have occurred with Lt. General Flynn. In addition to being in the press, I warned the Vice President directly three months ago about the conflicts created by Lt. General Flynn s company lobbying on behalf of Turkish interests,  Cummings said. If the Vice President had heeded my warnings, it s clear now he could have prevented the problems that occurred with Lt. General Flynn. Republicans in Congress are doing a disservice to the White House and our national security interests by not conducting rigorous and serious oversight of the administration, especially to help catch issues early and address them. Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
2203, NC Students Terrorize Minorities In Disgusting KKK Video; Their Punishment Is Shockingly Light,"Donald Trump s presidency has emboldened bigots everywhere. The latest hate incident comes courtesy of some despicable eighth grade students in North Carolina. In a stunningly racist video posted online and then removed, Leesville Road Middle School students can be seen and heard taunting minorities with the following: If you re in America, we don t accept n*****s,  as well as Jews, Arabs or Hispanics. Go back to the fields of Alabama, go back to the factories in Mississippi. You don t deserve freedom. One of the parents of a student at the school made school officials aware of the disgusting video. Wake Forest Schools District Spokeswoman Lisa Luten said of the video: It s disturbing. It s concerning, and it s something we re having conversations about whether a larger action needs to be taken. The school system had said that they could not reveal the details of punishments of specific students, but it was later learned that these racist little cretins only received a three-day suspension for what amounts to racialized terrorism. In contrast, a Black student got a 10-day suspension from a fighting incident, which came to a head after months of racially motivated bullying that he suffered at the hands of white students. When people became outraged, his suspension was reduced to five days.Tionda Holt, a parent at the school, says of the video: That video represents terrorism. That is inciting hate. Someone could have seen that video and gotten riled up. So, we see where this school system s priorities lie. A Black child cannot defend himself against racist torment, and gets punished much more severely than white students who are going after Black children just for existing. These people better get their act together. I hope the parents of the minority students targeted in this video sue the pants off of that school district and demand that the kids in this video be expelled.Watch the video below, via local newscast, ABC11:Featured image via video screen capture",0
2204, Reporter Calls Out The Racist Writer Trump Invited To Press Briefing – Press Room Erupts In Chaos,"He may work for Fox Radio but this man deserves a ton of respect for what he just did. At a breaking point with Trump s love affair with the racist blog  The Gateway Pundit,  Fox Radio s Jon Decker openly and vehemently criticized the White House for allowing the website, which panders in fake right-wing conspiracies and racist rhetoric, to attend daily press briefings alongside legitimate news sources.Decker didn t hold back. Pointing directly at The Gateway Pundit s Lucian Wintrich, Decker noted that he and his site  hate blacks, Jews, [and] Hispanics  and don t deserve to be in the room. It was a moment where a reporter finally had enough of Trump s normalization of racism, white Nationalism, and xenophobic outlets like Gateway Pundit and Breitbart.The site s founder, Jim Hoft, is frequently referred to as  the stupidest man on the Internet  for his daily parade of false and idiotic coverage of politics. He has repeatedly ran stories that fail to hold up to even the most basic scrutiny and often deals in wild conspiracies. Trump may like them because they relentlessly suck up to him, but they are despicable liars who deal in misinformation and hate.After Decker called Wintrich out, chaos ensued:Fox News Radio John Decker just loudly told everyone in briefing room that Gateway Pundit is here ""they hate blacks, Jews, Hispanics."" Wild  Adrian Carrasquillo (@Carrasquillo) March 10, 2017He was speaking to Lucian Wintrich. He said it twice, pointing to him, so everyone knew who he was. https://t.co/42njWQQ0fX  Adrian Carrasquillo (@Carrasquillo) March 10, 2017Needless to say, Wintrich saw things differently. On Twitter, he whined that he was  assaulted  by Decker. Apparently being called a racist is tantamount to a sucker punch for the poor conspiracy theorist. He also (hilariously) misspelled the word  assault  several times, again highlighting the caliber of writer Trump personally gave a seat in the press briefing room.Jon Decker asulted me at today's briefing. @FoxNews   is this behavior something you tolerate over there? He's sick .https://t.co/gzZhhIzOMD pic.twitter.com/ThppoHpRQw  Lucian B. Wintrich (@lucianwintrich) March 10, 2017John Decker also asulted me, pushing me in the break room & then grabbing my arm in the briefing room while shouting that I'm a nazi. https://t.co/RiVM1yYCJv  Lucian B. Wintrich (@lucianwintrich) March 10, 2017Wintrich also said he would be pressing charges against Decker for  assult  and also for harassment   ironic because Trump s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski once claimed it was no big deal when he yanked the arm of a female reporter who had dared to ask Trump a question as he walked out of a rally.In a statement, Decker pointed out that at no point did he  assault  Wintrich, who appears to be lying. Earlier today I had a conversation with a representative from the online publication Gateway Pundit.  The conversation was straightforward and direct. I also informed the full White House pool that this representative was present in the Briefing Room. At no time did I accost or assault this individual. More than a dozen witnesses will attest to this fact. For Trump to be stopped, reporters as well as ordinary citizens need to stand up to the normalization of his descent into racism and xenophobia. Inviting a fear-mongering, disreputable smear merchant like The Gateway Pundit into the White House shows a level of disrespect for the American people that transcends politics. Kudos to Decker for standing up and loudly saying that it s not okay.Featured image via Twitter",0
2205, Tommy Chong Just Rolled Trump Up And SMOKED Him In Devastating Tweet,"It s no secret at this point that Donald Trump s administration is completely filled to the brim with white supremacists with connections to Russia, other people with connections to Russia, more people with connections to Russia, and some miscellaneous folks with connections to Russia.Naturally, it was only a matter of time before comedy and stoner legend Tommy Chong would remark on the presence of Russian-aligned automatons who are currently occupying the White House. It s starting to look like robots have taken over the White House all ready,  Chong tweeted Friday.  Russian robots. It's starting to look like robots have taken over the White House all ready. Russian robots.  Tommy Chong (@tommychong) March 10, 2017At this point, it almost seems easier to wonder who in the Trump administration doesn t have a bunch of shady connections to Russia. Currently, the list of Trump associates stands at, well, this graphic from the Washington Post helps some:Over the weekend, Trump associate Roget Stone bragged about having a  back channel  to Wikileaks  Julian Assange. Though Stone quickly deleted the tweet, this raises some serious questions about the links between the Trump campaign and Russian propaganda outlet Wikileaks, who released hacked documents all through the campaign that were intended to help The Donald defeat Hillary Clinton. Wikileaks, of course, recently released information meant to discredit the CIA   a group Trump has been attacking. This was heralded by Russian state media a half-hour before Wikileaks dropped the documents:RT tweeted 30 minutes before the documents were leaked.RT at 8:09 amWikileaks at 8:38am @MaxineWaters @maddow #TrumpRussia ???? pic.twitter.com/0Xr0iFLGei  WeThePeople???? (@PrincessBravato) March 10, 2017Chong is right: the Trump administration is filled to the brim with Russian  robots    and it s high time they went up in smoke.Featured image via Huffington Post",0
2206, Spicer Giggles Like An Idiot After Admitting Trump Only Believes News When It Favors Him (VIDEO),"In a deeply disturbing moment during Press Secretary Sean Spicer s latest bonkers press briefing, he read verbatim a quote given to him by Trump that admitted the sitting President of the United States only believes facts when they make him look good. Everything else is  fake news. Spicer was asked during the briefing about the latest jobs report which showed America gaining a very healthy number of jobs. (There is no evidence to suggest this is due to Donald Trump, and in fact, it merely fits with the pattern of unrelenting job growth that came to define Obama s presidency. Trump has thus far done little to help the economy and nothing to help middle class workers, again suggesting this economic growth isn t the result of his presidency but merely his good fortune for having inherited a booming economy from his Democratic predecessor.)Despite the fact that there is little evidence of Trump s influence, his administration has been taking victory laps over the economic news. A reporter correctly noted that it s a bit odd that Trump would be so willing to trust the jobs report this time when he has previously gone on record to suggest that jobs reports under Obama were fabricated and false   a claim which, in 2015, earned him a  pants on fire  Politifact rating. Why the sudden change?The answer is so obvious that even Trump had no problem admitting it: He only believes the news when it benefits him. They may have been phony in the past, but it s very real now. Q: Trump has said jobs rpts are ""phony"", what about now?SPICER: ""They may have been phony in the past, but it's very real now."" via @MSNBC pic.twitter.com/PDt1Q8hrbp  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) March 10, 2017Rather than find that mindset pathological and terrifying, Spicer thought it was hilarious. Even more troubling, the reporters in the room burst into laughter too. Everyone laughing should be ashamed. It wasn t a joke. Trump is signaling the fact that his administration will be run on the premise that he defines what is  real  and what is  fake.  If it s pro-Trump, it s legitimate. If it s inconvenient, it s  fake news  created by the  Deep State  and the  liberal media  out to get him.That s the kind of paranoid delusions that quickly spiral into fascism. And Spicer is giggling about it.Featured image via Twitter",0
2207, WATCH: 2 GOP Reps. Are COMPLETELY Stumped Over How Many Constituents They’ll Hurt With Trumpcare,"The House s plan to repeal and replace the ACA is catching an awful lot of flak from Republicans and Democrats alike. Congressmen Steve King of Iowa, and Leonard Lance of New Jersey, appeared on MSNBC last night to discuss Trumpcare, and Chris Hayes grilled them about how it will affect their constituents. Neither was able to give him a real answer.Hayes asked King: How many people in your district are on the [ACA] exchanges, congressman? King s answer was the answer of someone who neither knows nor cares about his constituents   only his power and position: I don t know that number. You may have that in front of you, Chris, but I don t know that number. Hayes pressed Lance on that, too, and Lance tried to pass it off as a small number:  I would say roughly 5,000 or so, Chris. The thing is, those numbers are readily available, so there s zero excuse for them not knowing these answers.Furthermore, an interesting picture emerged last night   In Lance s New Jersey district, more than 20,000 people have insurance through the ACA, but roughly 38,000 will lose their coverage under the GOP s plan. In King s district, a little over 11,000 people have insurance through the ACA, but over 40,000 stand to lose their coverage if the GOP s plan passes.So they re going to yank coverage away from more people than those who obtained it under the ACA. WOW. As U.S. Representatives, it s these guys  job to know this kind of thing about their districts so that they can support or oppose bills based on who they represent. They ve failed miserably.But they d rather put party and ideology above their people. And King even believes that people have no right to health insurance, which means no right to healthcare (because without insurance, most of us can t afford medical care). He also believes that the best decisions are made by lawmakers closest to the people, so he s shucking his responsibility as a U.S. Representative.Both of them are sick for this.Watch both segments below: Featured image via screen capture from embedded videos",0
2208," Spicer Wears National Symbol Of ‘Distress’ On His Lapel During Briefing, Internet Has Field Day","Is Sean Spicer secretly sending America a cry for help? That s the question on everyone s mind as the beleaguered Press Secretary walked up to the podium and showed off his upside down American flag pin.Flying an upside down American flag is officially considered a  sign of distress  and the United States flag code says it should only be done  in instances of extreme danger to life or property.  Working for Trump and having to repeat his endless font of lies on a daily basis, certainly may qualify. He s been on the job for less than 3 months and already Spicer looks like he s slowly dying from the inside out. He s moody, he s paranoid, he seems unhappy   all the characteristics of a man who is straining under the pressure of having to defend Trump s nonsense with a straight face.Spicer s subtle signal of distress only added to the impression that his daily press briefings have turned into thinly-veiled hostage videos. Reporters are pressing him for facts which he either cannot or will not provide. He lashes out with vague and blustering lies while trying to find the nearest exit. It s hard to watch.Here s the video:But people are having fun with this one:Sean Spicer's flag pin is upside down. pic.twitter.com/mYr1xJHHeg  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) March 10, 2017Your flag is upside-down Sean.. Is that message? pic.twitter.com/bV7Q12jwir  Jon Nicosia (@NewsPolitics) March 10, 2017Spicer's flag pin was upside down during his press briefing until someone pointed it out. A signal of distress. @seanspicer #Trumprussia pic.twitter.com/7Xvv9vgmS5  William Peace ?? (@WilliamPeace81) March 10, 2017Sean Spicer has apparently entered the ""cry for help"" phase of Trump employment. Wearing the flag upside down, very nice Sean.  James Petruzzi (@Hawaiianimages) March 10, 2017In a bizarre twist revealing just how crazy this White House is, former reality tv star Omarosa handed Spicer a note while he was standing at the podium letting him know about his flag pin situation. He quickly adjusted it..@PressSec Sean Spicer fixes flag pin after @Omarosa delivers note to podium. Watch LIVE on C-SPAN3 https://t.co/OB60zuQzXH pic.twitter.com/9J0hlEBYxu  CSPAN (@cspan) March 10, 2017This may be shrugged off as a small little gaffe, but we all know how seriously Republicans take their flag lapels  Remember this ridiculous  scandal  conservatives freaked out about?One might go so far as to conclude that they are raging hypocrites.Featured image via Twitter",0
2209, WATCH: MSNBC Host HILARIOUSLY Informs Republican Men Why They Should Pay For Prenatal Care,"Republicans seriously need to pay attention in biology class.Because if they had, they would know that the reason women get pregnant in the first place is because of men.And that s why women need prenatal care to be covered by health insurance plans.But Republicans like Rep. John Shimkus think that men should not have to pay for prenatal care in their insurance plans, even though by doing exactly that they are protecting pregnant women and the fetuses they carry.During a committee hearing on Thursday, Shimkus openly whined about men having to pay for prenatal care and argued that insurance companies should only make women pay for it.Economist Austin Goolsbee expressed confusion over Shimkus  objection and proceeded to explain to him how insurance works. If you look at any insurance product, everyone pays in because there s a risk that a small number of people are going to have a claim,  Goolsbee began.  So, there s a subsidy, if you want to call it that, from people who don t get in car accidents to people who do get in car accidents. That s the nature of insurance. Everyone is born, I think we can agree on that. The prenatal care is good for society, that we are covering prenatal care, that women can have babies in a healthy way, and to object that men shouldn t have to pay for things that are women s problems, young people shouldn t pay in for things that are old people s problems. Hopefully all the young people will be old people, eventually. As I say, that s how insurance markets work. I don t understand this objection. Indeed, that s how Social Security works. Each generation of workers basically subsidizes the retirement of workers who came before them. This way, senior citizens can retire and live comfortably while a younger person gets a job.Republicans can also look at prenatal care another way. If they are seriously going to force women to carry pregnancies to term, the least they can do is help make sure that the mother and fetus are healthy and getting the medical attention they need.The cost of prenatal care insurance would skyrocket if women were the only ones having to pay for it since the insurance pool would be smaller.MSNBC host Stephanie Ruhle, who has three children, also chimed in by informing Republicans that women don t impregnate themselves. Congressman Shimkus, if you are watching, unlike Tom Price, I m not a doctor. But I will talk science for a moment. Though it is women who need that prenatal care, men are involved in the process that requires them to need prenatal care, FYI. Here s the video via YouTube:Republicans should be ashamed of themselves for complaining so much about women s healthcare. Their mothers, sisters, daughters, and wives must be embarrassed.Featured image via screenshot",0
2210," Sean Spicer Just Gave Trump Credit For Something Obama Did, White House DESPERATE (TWEET)","Donald Trump has basically built his life around doing nothing and taking credit for the accomplishments and work of others   and that definitely has not changed since he won the election and got into the White House. The crazy thing is, he continues to claim the successes of his predecessor, former President Barack Obama, whom Trump has repeatedly criticized and trashed in the past.The GOP has undermined Obama s soaring track record for the past eight years. They ve trashed everything Obama improved from the economy to his employment record   and now, they re more than happy to take credit for his hard work. Earlier today, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer showed just how desperate and pathetic the White House is when he tweeted this horrible message: Great news for American workers: economy added 235,000 new jobs, unemployment rate drops to 4.7% in first report for @POTUS Trump. Trump hasn t even been in office for two full months. These numbers are NOT a reflection of his work! It s also worth nothing that those job numbers for February 2016 (237,000) are nearly identical to the ones in February 2015 (238,000). Clearly, this is Obama s doing   not Trump s. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, job gains have averaged 209,000 per month. Trump and his team are so delusional, they seriously think they can take credit for the job numbers in February, when they didn t even get into the White House until January 20th.Under Obama, America saw the longest consecutive job creation streak in 75 years  completely dismantling the GOP s assertion that he didn t do anything for the country and left it worse than what he started with. Despite the fact that data shows that Obama greatly improved our country, Trump has still promised the American people that he would  fix  our jobs. Honestly, the best thing Trump could do is just not mess up Obama s work.Featured image via Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
2211, Chris Cuomo SHREDS Republican For Ignoring This One Really HORRIFYING Factor Of Trumpcare (VIDEO),"The Republican Party is trying its hardest to gloss over the fact that its new health care replacement is a disaster that is going to hurt the American people more than anything.At a time when it s been widely reported that Americans are overwhelmingly satisfied with their Obamacare and would like to keep it, Rep. Jim Jordan (R-OH) went on CNN in an attempt to promote Trumpcare. Unfortunately, he didn t anticipate being taken to the woodshed by host Chris Cuomo.Cuomo pushed back on Jordan s agenda and absolutely refused to let him get away with praising the new Republican health care plan without acknowledging the fact that literally MILLIONS of Americans will lose their health insurance thanks to Trump and the GOP. Cuomo also railed against Jordan s vision, stating that a  free market  for health insurance has never been executed anywhere else in the world, because all other developed countries make sure their citizens have health coverage. Cuomo said: You use government as if it s a bad word in this context, but to be fair, there is no place that you ll find that has this kind of marketplace when it comes to health insurance. You re saying it like it s something that should be understood. It s never existed anywhere else that you can point to, and remember, you have to be okay with having less people having health insurance to get some people to have it cheaper. Jordan tried to say that he wanted all people to have better insurance,  but Cuomo saw right through his bullsh*t and promptly called him out: They will lose coverage. The way you re fixing it right now millions of people may lose their coverage, you need to own that. Jordan could barely come up with a response to that other than a pathetic promise that those who got their health coverage through Obamacare would eventually be transitioned into the new system.You can watch Cuomo rip Jordan apart below:Featured image is a screenshot",0
2212, WATCH: Rabid Trump Supporters Call For ‘Liberal Genocide’ At FRIGHTENING Arizona Rally,"If you still don t think Trump supporters aren t Nazis, just remember that liberals aren t the ones calling for genocide.During a  March for Trump  rally in Arizona last weekend, Real News Network s Dan Cohen went to Maricopa County to engage with the rallygoers, and what he heard should horrify every American across the country.The Trump supporters were heard chanting in favor of imprisoning Hillary Clinton, even though Clinton was cleared by the FBI and investigations by Republicans have gone nowhere. The chants were also despite the fact that Mike Pence used a private email to conduct public business and was hacked.So there were definitely a bunch of hypocrites at the Trump rally.But that s not all.When asked about Muslims in America, a couple of Trump supporters has strong racist feelings about them. If you don t like it here, go to Syria, go to someplace else,  one Trump supporter yelled.Another racist Trump supporter called for deporting them.  I don t want  em, as a veteran I don t want  em, let  em go back home,  the Trump supporter said.  If they ve got a problem, let Saudi Arabia take care of  em. The problem with Saudi Arabia is that it doesn t have the kind of religious freedom that we hold so dear. Just as there are different sects of Christianity, there are different sects of Islam. And not everyone is able to practice their religious beliefs freely in many nations in the Middle East.The replies from Trump supporters then took a scarier turn as attendees called for deporting Jews.The hate against Jews has apparently even spread to the children of right-wingers. For instance, this is what a 13-year-old said: If she is Jewish, she should go back to her country. Seriously.And then a Trump supporter called for imprisoning and committing genocide against liberals so that America can be a true conservative hell-hole. I just want to let them know that I can t wait for the liberal genocide to begin,  he said.  That s the way to make America great again. Liberals are destroying the country. So if Trump supporters had their way, freedom of religion would only apply to Christians, Anti-Semitism would sweep across the country, Muslims would be persecuted, and liberals would all be put in internment camps and killed in what would be a Holocaust in America.Here s the video via YouTube.The next time someone tells you it s wrong to compare Trump and his supporters to the Nazis, show them this.Featured Image: Jim Lo   Pool/Getty Images",0
2213, Chelsea Clinton HUMILIATES Republican For Whining About Prenatal Care Coverage,"The wives and mothers of these Republicans must be so embarrassed.During a House Committee on Energy and Commerce hearing on Thursday to discuss the GOP s destructive healthcare bill, which guts women s healthcare, Illinois Rep. John Shimkus had the audacity and the ignorance to whine about having to pay for prenatal care in his insurance plan and literally argued that men should not have to pay for such things. Why should men pay for it?  Shimkus demanded to know.  I m just   I   is that not correct? Should they? Shimkus then proceeded to complain because insurance companies do not provide specific plans designed around each every person s individual needs and wants.Democratic Rep. Mike Doyle fired back by informing Shimkus that no insurance company in the world would do that because it s not as efficient and more complicated than what they do right now.But Shimkus does not appear to understand that prenatal care is important to keep fetuses and expecting mothers healthy throughout a pregnancy. Seriously, he must have a sister or mother or wife. Would he expected them to pay for their own prenatal care or would he have manned up and paid the extra few dollars every month to make sure they deliver a healthy child safely?If Republicans are serious about women carrying pregnancies to term than he should have absolutely no problem with having to pay a little extra for a vital healthcare service that pregnant women need.But this is the hypocrisy of Republicans. They want to force women to give birth but they don t want to do anything to help pregnant women take care of the fetus. They certainly don t give a damn about the child after it is born.Of course, Chelsea Clinton had an excellent point on Twitter in response to Shimkus.With all due respect, where do these men (all men?) think they came from? https://t.co/JG1IaMUEi0  Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) March 10, 2017Indeed. The way Republicans like Shimkus are acting it makes one wonder if their mothers had sufficient prenatal care.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
2214," REPORT: Clueless Trump ‘Unaware’ Top Adviser Was ‘Foreign Agent,’ Says White House","It looks like alleged president Donald Trump did not apply extreme vetting to his own cabinet picks, most especially one as important as National security adviser.According to White House press secretary Sean Spicer, Michael Flynn was working as a  foreign agent  when Trump gave him the job and the amateur president was totally unaware of this. When Spicer was asked by reporters at his press briefing on Thursday about the explosive new revelations about Flynn, he said, I don t believe that was known. Flynn had been working to further the interests of the government of Turkey before Trump appointed him, the White House said.To borrow a quote from Joe Biden, this is a big fucking deal:The comments came two days after Flynn and his firm, Flynn Intel Group Inc., filed paperwork with the Justice Department formally identifying him as a foreign agent and acknowledging that his work for a company owned by a Turkish businessman could have aided Turkey s government. Vice President Mike Pence on Thursday called the action  an affirmation of the president s decision to ask General Flynn to resign. Not so fast, Mr. Vice-President. After Flynn resigned, Trump said that the former aide was subjected to  criminal  leaks in the  fake media.  Trump went on to describe Flynn as a  wonderful  man and added,  I think it s really a sad thing he was treated so badly. A flow of intelligence leaks revealed that Flynn has secretly discussed sanctions with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Flynn then tried to cover it up and that ultimately led to his resignation.And on Wednesday, things got worse for Flynn. From September to November of 2016, Flynn was working as a top adviser to Trump s presidential campaign while lobbying for a firm linked to the Turkish government. For that, Flynn earned $530,000. Just two days ago, Flynn and his company Flynn Intel Group Inc, filed retroactive documents with the Department of Justice to register as a foreign agent.When Spicer was asked whether Trump would still have hired Flynn as his national security adviser if he had known he had been working as a foreign agent, he said, I don t know   That s a hypothetical. I don t know what was discussed prior to the appointment in terms of his background, his r sum , his client base. From what I ve read, he has filed appropriate forms with the Department of Justice; ask them and subsequently him if you have any questions about the filing,  Spicer continued.Spicer added that he was unaware of whether Flynn was involved in any discussions about foreign policy regarding Turkey.  I don t know. I don t have anything on that,  he added.Spicer is unaware of whether his boss would still have hired Flynn if he had known that he was working as a foreign agent. You can t make this stuff up.We re going to have to build a wall around the White House until we figure out what s going on.Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2215, Hannity Claims CIA Framed Trump And Russia While Hacking DNC For Obama And Gets FRIED (TWEETS),"On Thursday, Fox News hack and Donald Trump testicle-buffer Sean Hannity decided to use the new WikiLeaks release to formulate his most ridiculous defense of Trump s connections to Russia yet   they don t exist, and the CIA did it all.According to Hannity, Vladimir Putin s goons didn t, as is confirmed by 17 intelligence agencies, hack the DNC and the DNCC in an effort to help Donald Trump win. The CIA did it so they could frame Vladimir Putin and Trump. Is it possible, likely or can you confirm instances where the CIA used Malware to  Attribute  cyberattacks to other nations? Possibly Russia,  Hannity asked WikiLeaks.Is it possible, likely or can you confirm instances where the CIA used Malware to ""Attribute"" cyberattacks to other nations? Possibly Russia https://t.co/Ay1Ms84TPT  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) March 9, 2017Hannity s  question,  presented more as a statement than anything else, was just awful. Effectively, he was asking a group that has shown themselves to be an arm of the Russian government (WikiLeaks) to discredit one of our intelligence agencies on behalf of a hostile foreign power because he has a raging hard-on for Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump. Naturally, the internet was not very pleased with this rather treasonous-sounding statement:Did @seanhannity actually just ask Wikileaks to discredit the CIA, possibly thru use of stolen classify info? And ON BEHALF of Russia?! https://t.co/EjQENG52gt  John Aravosis (@aravosis) March 10, 2017@seanhannity dude, you're defending an attack against your own country.  Essential Liberty (@devchelle) March 9, 2017@seanhannity Gone full on traitor, haven't you? Anything to keep power. Sad. You've betrayed your country.  Elliott Lusztig (@ezlusztig) March 9, 2017@seanhannity A conservative asking wikileaks if they can pin Russian hacking on the CIA?  Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) March 10, 2017@seanhannity The day hannity went to the defense of Russia. Wow.  2pixel (@2pixelbutt) March 9, 2017@2pixelbutt @seanhannity Hannity proves he's no patriot. What a piece of shit.  The Rockin' Donkey ? (@therockindonkey) March 9, 2017The CIA works for the USA. Which country do you work for @seanhannity ?  DumboDonaldTrump (@dumbo_donald) March 9, 2017@seanhannity curious, does Russia pay you in Rubles or do they go ahead convert the currency to U.S. dollars for you?  Marcus (@mahhcus) March 9, 2017@seanhannity Watching the party of Reagan bend over for Putin is hilarious. Patriotism gone. #K-GOP  Hope (@hopeuno) March 9, 2017@seanhannity You've officially reached the point where you're abandoning loyalty to country in favor of your agenda.  Andrew Nell (@AndrewJNell) March 9, 2017@seanhannity Are you asking Wikileaks, which is a known front for Russian intelligence, to ATTACK our country again????????  WeAreAmerica?? (@DemocracyValues) March 10, 2017@seanhannity You're either an incredible actor or devoid of fundamental logic.  Jesse Springer (@jessespringer) March 9, 2017@seanhannity at what point during this campaign/election did u become a traitor? Does Russia have something on u as well? #Trumprussia  Heather Johnson (@Heather07191972) March 10, 2017@seanhannity So the ""Deep State"" that apparently hates Trump did something to elect him and make it look like Russia did it?  Cameron (@cameron_durkin) March 9, 2017Hannity says that the CIA s decision to hack our election to get Trump, whom they (as part of Obama s Deep State) hate, elected so they can blame Russia and Trump is an important thing to expose because now The Donald can purge people he imagines to be part of this ridiculous plot.It's time for the Trump administration to purge the deep state saboteurs from the government  hear more at 10pm #Hannity  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) March 10, 2017Seem stupid? It is, but this is the desperate sh*t the Right has decided to believe in their effort to absolve Trump and his administration of very real crimes. Pathetic.Featured image via screengrab",0
2216, Doctors Can Lie To Pregnant Women If This Republican Gets His Way; Already PASSED Committee,"Republicans nationwide seem to want to get rid of regulations on just about everything   guns, corporations, environmental protections, etc., but when it comes to women, they can t regulate fast enough.There is currently a state bill in Texas that just passed through the Senate committee on State Affairs unanimously (8-0) that will allow doctors to lie to women about anything wrong with their baby. Not only that, it prevents parents from being allowed to sue.According to the Dallas Voice: SB25   which would allow doctors to withhold information from pregnant women about the status of their fetus and then, if the child were born with a deformity or disability, prevent the parents from suing the doctor for withholding the information   has passed out of the Senate Committee on State Affairs on an 8-0 vote and is headed to the full Senate. The man behind SB 25? State Sen. Brandon Creighton (R- Conroe).senate.texas.govCreighton is described  as a genuine defender of conservative values. He has relentlessly hammered excessive taxation, pursued  loser pays  tort reform, passed drug testing for unemployment benefits, stood up for Texas  10th Amendment rights and effectively blocked Obamacare s Medicaid expansion.  So, really, he s an a**hole on pretty much every level. He hates the poor, hates women, and hates people being able to sue companies when something happens to them because of a product or service.When it comes to SB 25, he says: Senate Bill 25 will send a message that Texas does not believe that a life, in and of itself, is an injury in which parents need a damage payment. He thinks doctors should be able to keep pertinent information about a baby in the womb from the parents and that doctor should be protected for doing so. That s messed up on so many levels. It isn t pro-life, it s pro-birth and anti-freedom, and seems pretty damn immoral. It s a bill to prevent abortion by holding back information. The fact that it s already passed the Senate Committee 8-0 is even more mortifying.According to the Dallas Voice: Blake Rocap, legislative director for NARAL Pro-Choice Texas, said,  We shouldn t have to stand up and say that it shouldn t be policy for the state of Texas to excuse doctors from lying to their patients, and that is what this bill does. One would think that should be obvious, but Republicans are getting more outrageous and bold in their hatred of women by the day. Shame on them.Featured Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
2217, CNN Does NOT Hold Back; Completely Makes Fun Of Paul Ryan With The Rest Of America (IMAGE),"Now, it may not have been the intent of CNN to clearly make fun of Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) and his pathetic attempt at describing the American Health Care Act (AHCA), better known as Trumpcare, but they definitely succeeded in doing so brilliantly.Ryan really seemed to want to impress people, so instead of doing a traditional Q&A, or laying things out pretty simply, he decided to do a skit. He literally rolled up his sleeves and did his best Steve Jobs impression with a low-tech powerpoint presentation and began to perform.CNN, clearly seeing this, and not letting the moment escape them, writes an Onion-style headline absolutely making fun of Ryan. They called his presentation a  TED talk    which, if you know what a TED talk is, makes the headline hilarious.Here s CNN s amazing shade thrown directly at Speaker Ryan s face:TwitterThen, to top off the amazing shade of the title with even more shade, this is the description of Ryan s shenanigans as written in the article: Forgoing the traditional give-and-take with reporters, Ryan launched at TED talk-style presentation. With his shirtsleeves rolled up and wearing a wireless microphone that allowed him to move around, the speaker rattled off a stream of facts and figures and clicked through PowerPoint slides. Then later: Ryan sprinkled his lecture with personal anecdotes about his three children all needing tonsillectomies and how his family dealt with multiple doctors and insurance companies. The speaker revealed he had Lasik surgery to improve his vision. If Paul Ryan wants us to take him seriously, then he should start by actually putting together something that we can take seriously, and this sure as hell wasn t it.Here s how everyone else is also making proper fun of Ryan:""And while the software library is somewhat limited, the new Zelda alone makes Nintendo Switch a must-have. Mom, dad, thanks for listening"" pic.twitter.com/ShqslZRPsX  Dave Itzkoff (@ditzkoff) March 9, 2017Paul Ryan's healthcare TED Talk really went off the rails. pic.twitter.com/h3yn4T8Zco  ?Maggie Serota ? (@maggieserota) March 9, 2017Paul Ryan is really getting into this TED talk for healthcare. #AmericanHealthCareAct pic.twitter.com/faCzXtnES3  brandon  (@brandojerg) March 9, 2017pic.twitter.com/I0ARYm09t2  Sarah Wood (@SarahWoodwriter) March 9, 2017Caught the tail end of @SpeakerRyan s powerpoint presentation, and I have to say, I m a little concerned. pic.twitter.com/vScaYT2LOs  Rep. Keith Ellison (@keithellison) March 9, 2017I think what Paul Ryan's PowerPoint was saying: a comparative to Trumpcare would be if the GOP just gave everybody a bottle of coconut oil. pic.twitter.com/ehqO2Q9Gl3  Alt Fed Employee (@Alt_FedEmployee) March 9, 2017Paul Ryan explaining Trumpcare. pic.twitter.com/x4w9JweGww  Cycle (@bycycle) March 9, 2017""it would be very meta of me to place one of my old Paul Ryan memes inside this new Paul Ryan meme"" -me, ten minutes ago pic.twitter.com/BFuHjGsGTo  Haley Byrd (@byrdinator) March 9, 2017This Paul Ryan talk seems to at least be honest. Good for him. pic.twitter.com/zXSFFo7SOW  Elon James White (@elonjames) March 9, 2017 Featured Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2218," Trump Just Did Something REALLY Weird On Twitter, And It Makes Him Look EXTREMELY Shady (IMAGE)","Donald Trump really doesn t make sticky situations any better for himself.Trump s entanglements with Russia continue to be a growing story, and a more recent piece to this puzzle came into play as Trump s Attorney General Jeff Sessions was accused of perjury over his communications with Russia. But if Trump was somehow trying to clean up his image and maintain a low profile, the fact that he  liked  a tweet about Senator Al Franken accusing Sessions of perjury certainly isn t going to help:The fact that Trump would publicly  like  a story about one of his biggest scandals only proves how insane he is. Every part of the Fox News story that Trump is calling attention to is negative, and portrays Sessions as someone who lied under oath because all of his arguments were so weak. And that s not all  the story shows that there was a THIRD time Sessions made contact with Russia, when before only two had been reported.To make this even more bizarre, Trump decided to like this story on the very day a poll was released that revealed most Americans were in agreement that Sessions lied under oath and should resign.Either Trump really thinks he s going to get away with all of this no matter how bold he is, or he s really that stupid. Considering that these actions are coming from the same man that bragged about how he could go out on a popular New York street and shoot someone without losing any votes, he really just might be that confident that he is going to skate by all of these accusations and investigations. Trump has never been one for subtlety, and he probably enjoys pushing the envelope and seeing what he can actually get away with. He needs to stop making fools out of the American people, and he must be held accountable for his actions.",0
2219," Mitch McConnell HUMILIATES Trump, Gives Him A BRUTAL Reality Check On Border Wall (VIDEO)","Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell might just find himself the next target of one of Donald Trump s temper tantrums on Twitter.Earlier today during a Politico Playbook event, McConnell basically threw Trump under the bus and humiliated him in front of everyone when he very bluntly said that Mexico would NOT be paying for Trump s idiotic, ineffective border wall   a statement that greatly contradicts everything that Trump promised during his presidential campaign.When McConnell was questioned about Trump s wall, McConnell first tried to give a diplomatic answer and said, there are some places along the border where that s probably not the best way to secure the border.  However, when he was further pressed to see if he felt Mexico would pay for the wall, McConnell dropped all niceties and put his thoughts very bluntly. He smirked and said: Uh, no. McConnell and everyone in the room then shared a laugh, all at Trump s expense.You can watch McConnell poke fun at Trump below: For a leading Republican like McConnell to embarrass the Republican Party s leader and sitting POTUS like this is certainly surprising, and it only proves just how few people actually believe Trump is competent enough for this role and will be able to deliver his promises to the American people.Already, we ve seen Trump walk back several of his major campaign promises, one of them being this Mexico border wall. Mexico s leaders have already repeatedly stated that Mexico will not pay for the wall, and Trump has had to cover it up and lie to the American people and say that first taxpayers will pay for the wall, only to be reimbursed by Mexico at a later date   which Mexico has not agreed to. McConnell s comments show that no one   not even the GOP   believes Trump anymore.Featured image via Drew Angerer / Getty Images",0
2220, There Are Already Four Ways Trump Could Be Impeached — Here Are The Details,"Former Clinton Labor Secretary and current Berkeley economics professor Robert Reich has long been one of Donald Trump s most vocal opponents and he thinks Trump could be done. On Thursday, he took to Twitter to outline four ways in which Trump could already be impeached and he might just be beginning, at least according to Reich.Reich, along with others, is saying that Trump s unsubstantiated claims that Obama wiretapped him are enough to impeach him.Reich also cited Article 1 Section 9 of the Constitution, which  forbids government officials from taking things of value from foreign governments. Trump seems to be looking at the Office of the Presidency as just another way to increase his personal wealth. He has refused to divest himself from his businesses, even while putting his children in charge. Even before he was inaugurated, foreign diplomats began to see spending money at Trump hotels as a way to cozy up to the new American leader. Almost as soon as he took office, his Florida resort and  weekend White House,  Mar-A-Lago, doubled its initiation fee from $100,000 to a whopping $200,000. But the most egregious offense was announced on Wednesday, when the Associated Press announced that China s Trademark Office gave preliminary approval to 38 new Trump trademarks.The third way Trump could be impeached today, according to Reich, is his violation of the First Amendment, which  bars any law  respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.'  Trump violated this with his Muslim ban, which singles out a religion.The fourth is also a violation of the First Amendment, which also bars  abridging the freedom of the press.  Trump consistently labels the media as  fake  and even as  the enemy.  They are shut out of press conferences and reporters are escorted out for daring to ask tough questions.While the evidence isn t yet completely in, it s looking more and more like the ties between Trump and Russia are treason, at least according to Reich, who says: Article III Section 3 of the Constitution defines  treason against the United States  as  adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort.'  Reich argues that Trump s apparent collusion with Russians helped him win the election.By my count, there are now four grounds to impeach Trump. The fifth seems to be on its way. pic.twitter.com/PfAw0a0hfU  Robert Reich (@RBReich) March 9, 2017Reich isn t delusional enough to believe that impeachment will happen under the current GOP Congress. His goal is to flip the Congress in 2018, which means people have to stay engaged and stay aware. Of course, that s why Trump tries to delegitimize the media.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
2221, Sean Spicer Accidentally ADMITS Trump Lied About Obama Tapping His ‘Wires’,"Sean Spicer might be in a little bit of a trouble after an off-camera Wednesday press briefing. Though President* Trump and Spicer himself have been pushing The Donald s baseless conspiracy theory that President Obama tapped the  wires  at Trump Tower, Spicer accidentally admitted they were just making sh*t up. There is no reason that we should   that we have to think that the President is the target of any investigation whatsoever,  Spicy told reporters just minutes after he implied that he was unsure if the President was the  target of a counter-intelligence investigation. I think that s what we need to find out. There s obviously a lot of concern,  Spicer had said. But at the end of the briefing, he was handed a sheet of paper, from which he read his revised answer verbatim.The wiretapping allegations, clearly intended to distract from and detract from any ongoing investigations into Team Trump s connections to Russian dictator Vladimir Putin, have become quite uncomfortable for Trump, who demanded that Congress waste time, resources, and effort looking into them, as just like everything else our alleged President says they are a lie   one that is quickly getting out of hand.Last Thursday, Senators Lindsey Graham (R-SC) and Sheldon White House (D-RI) sent a letter tp the Justice Department asking for any evidence of Trump s ridiculous claim: We request that the Department of Justice provide us copies of any warrant applications and court orders   redacted as necessary to protect intelligence sources and methods that may be compromised by disclosure, and to protect any ongoing investigations   related to wiretaps of President Trump, the Trump Campaign, or Trump Tower. All I can say is that the country needs an answer to this,  Graham told CNN.  The current President has accused the former President of basically wiretapping his campaign. Unfortunately, this is the norm for Donald Trump. Whenever things get too uncomfortably close to the truth, he starts a political forest fire that distracts the nation long enough for everyone to forget about it or at least to provide Trump sufficient time to figure out how to explain away whatever the current issue is.It is imperative that our elected officials stop falling for this and keep their eyes on what really matters   that we have a President whose staff both during the campaign and during his presidency was caught colluding with a hostile foreign power.Here s the video:Featured image via screengrab",0
2222, Trump Planning ‘Football Stadium Rallies’ In Red States To Push Trumpcare Through,"Amateur president Donald Trump loves Trumpcare, the GOP replacement for Obamacare even though everyone hates it. Conservative groups, liberals and hospitals are all opposed to Trumpcare. It benefits the wealthy while omitting the elderly and sick and if a health care plan doesn t help those who are not feeling well then what good is it? Well, if it helps to keep Republicans in power, then there s a chance that the sh*tty replacement plan will pass anyway. While most of Americans were sleeping, the House committee scored an initial triumph in their effort to scuttle former President Barack Obama s health care overhaul, using a pre-dawn vote, and while that took place, Congress members were literally giggling. That happened at 2:00 a.m.Meanwhile, Trump has warned Republicans that there will be an  electoral bloodbath  in 2018 if the bill isn t passed. Trump is so proud of the crappy health care plan that White House counselor Kellyanne Conway doesn t want Trump s name attached to it. They know it s that bad but eradicating former President Barack Obama s legacy is more important than the welfare of American citizens.Trump s newest move is to throw more rallies, just as one does after winning an election (wink wink). After the election, Trump went on a thank you tour, then instead of getting to work, the 70-year-old Twitter addicted ragey screamy guy held another rally in Florida.Jim Acosta, CNN s White House correspondent, tweeted,  Trump confident health care will pass House but for Senate he plans  football stadium rallies  in red states to prod vulnerable Dems. Trump confident health care will pass House but for Senate he plans ""football stadium rallies"" in red states to prod vulnerable Dems. https://t.co/xr6Xvagf0k  Jim Acosta (@Acosta) March 9, 2017And if that doesn t work, just blame Democrats.Trump told Tea Party groups at WH if GOP health care plan dies, he will let Obamacare fail and let Dems take the blame, I'm told.  Jim Acosta (@Acosta) March 9, 2017We don t think Trump has thought this out even though OBVIOUSLY what this country needs is never-ending rallies to feed his massive ego. It s not just Democrats opposing the bill, it s Republicans, too. Trump, you cannot threaten us with more rallies. We think the dwindling number of supporters at his rallies is hysterical. Trump supporters stand to be affected more if and when Obamacare is dismantled.Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images.",0
2223," Two GOP Reps. Have An Alternate Healthcare Bill, And Its Name Will Make You Laugh Your A** Off","House Republicans (finally) unveiled their repeal-and-replace healthcare plan, much to the fury of all the people who will be hurt by the GOP s insistence on giving massive blow jobs to their corporate overlords. Some Republicans aren t behind it, but many are. And then there are some that have drafted their own bill, like Rep. Pete Sessions of Texas (not to be confused with embattled Attorney General, Jeff Sessions).He introduced his own healthcare legislation on March 1st, and he calls it the  World s Greatest Healthcare Plan of 2017.  Seriously. That s the actual name of the bill. This isn t from The Onion, or something that Snopes or Politifact are going to rate as false. Pete Sessions literally named it the  World s Greatest Healthcare Plan of 2017. While that sounds egotistical enough to be the same bill that the House unveiled earlier this week, it s not. Sessions also never meant it to compete with the AHCA, which is the Republicans  current plan with which to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Pete Sessions does support that bill and hopes it passes.His own bill, the  World s Greatest Healthcare Plan of 2017,  has similar provisions to the AHCA, because of course it does. It would eliminate the individual and employer mandates, expand health savings accounts (which he apparently thinks promotes accountability), turns the premium subsidies into tax credits that are absolute baloney, and so forth.So it s another version of Obamacare Lite, which Republicans like Rand Paul despise because the AHCA is not the full repeal that they promised the American people (but a full, clean repeal like Paul wants is impossible now).But that name   the one Sessions put on his own. Really? That s seriously something that Donald Trump would do. Despite the name, Sessions  spokesperson says he really believes in the GOP s plan, and believes that both are the greatest healthcare bills. His just has a more ridiculous name, and it s not the first time he s introduced it. He actually introduced  The World s Greatest Healthcare Plan of 2016  last year.Perhaps his next bill will be one to amend the AHCA to be called the  World s Greatest Healthcare Plan of 2018?  We need to pick our jaws up off the floor.Featured image by Alex Wong via Getty Images",0
2224," The Russia Scandal EXPLODED In December, Implicating Paul Ryan, And No One Noticed","Trump and his administration have been dogged by ongoing accusations and reports that they re in bed with Russia. But a huge part of the story got lost in the controversy over the presidential election, and it implicates the entire Republican Party. In addition to the DNC, Russia targeted the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee and several Democratic House races with their cyberattack.The hackers are Guccifer 2.0, according to a December report in The New York Times, and they made public the names, cell phone numbers, email addresses and even personal addresses of the Democratic candidates they went after. But they didn t stop there   they also released batches upon batches of internal party documents, seemingly with the intent to influence the closest House races in the country.And how is Paul Ryan involved in any of this? The National Republican Campaign Committee and the Congressional Leadership Fund, a superPAC that s tied to Ryan, both used stolen D.C.C.C. documents to mount an attack campaign against Joe Garcia, a Florida Democrat who lost a very competitive race with Carlos Curbelo who unseated Garcia in 2014.The illicit material was used in other states as well, including swing states like Pennsylvania, New Hampshire, Ohio and North Carolina; as well as in Illinois and New Mexico. Anywhere where Democratic candidates were in very tight races against their GOP opponents.Whether Paul Ryan knew about the CLF s use of material hacked by the Russians is anyone s guess. The point remains, though, that his own super-PAC used information that came courtesy of Russia, which means that Russia didn t just influence the presidential side of things   they influenced the Congressional side of things.And it s not like they had material that they genuinely thought was just flowing from some natural spigot. Several Republicans did refuse the chance to use the hacked documents in part because they knew it came  from a possible foreign source. The D.C.C.C. s chairman, Rep. Ben Ray Lujan of New Mexico, sent a letter to his counterpart at the N.R.C.C. when he first saw an ad that appeared to use the hacked documents: The N.R.C.C. s use of documents stolen by the Russians plays right into the hands of one of the United States  most dangerous adversaries. Put simply, if this action continues, the N.R.C.C. will be complicit in aiding the Russian government in its effort to influence American elections. And that s what s happened. Russia had its hands in far more than our presidential election and calls the results of every federal race in 2016 into serious question. The Republicans ran with the material, which does, in fact, make them complicit in Russia s meddling.Featured image by Win McNamee via Getty Images",0
2225, Signs Saying ‘Future Internment Camp’ Are Popping Up On Empty Lots All Over The Country (IMAGES),"Someone is going to empty lots and cordoned off buildings around the country and putting signs on the fences around them. These aren t ordinary signs, either. They literally say,  Lot reserved for: Future Internment Camp.  They carry the presidential seal and Donald Trump s signature.Signs Designating  Future Internment Camp  Go Up At Construction Lots https://t.co/p56nREy5mR pic.twitter.com/gBfUFPnL1j  LAist (@LAist) March 6, 2017Prank Signs Advertising  Future Internment Camp  Pop Up At Chicago Sites https://t.co/tIO9Xfmhgw pic.twitter.com/rMxHF08K7m  Chicagoist (@Chicagoist) March 7, 2017Street art hits Boston https://t.co/ZutU678Wao  Erin Tiernan (@ErinTiernan) March 8, 2017 Future Internment Camp  Signs Appear Across America   A Conversation with the #Artist Behind Themhttps://t.co/4gFDgapHsA   SATIRISTAS! (@Satiristas) March 6, 2017Future Internment camp signs across the USA. A selection from ten US cities. #immigration #immigrant #humanrights #racism #donaldtrump pic.twitter.com/FiT5TBjpMy  Plastic Jesus (@plasticjesusart) March 6, 2017They aren t real (yet), but they are a frightening reminder of just who we elected to the White House and what it is that Trump is trying to do. They re the work of a street artist known as Plastic Jesus, who s previously focused most of his work on the entertainment industry. According to LAist, though, these signs are something different, and not just because they re political: We re seeing detention of travelers to the U.S. They have all the proper credentials, but they re being detained for the country they re coming from, as well as their race. I have a friend who was detained because her name was Lebanese. She was detained for a couple hours and was questioned. This was someone who has a visa. Lebanon isn t on Trump s list. It s normal for U.S. Customs and Border Protection to briefly question foreign nationals from everywhere before granting them admission to the country, and it s true that we don t know all the specific circumstances surrounding these detentions. However, the amount of hours-long detention for people who seem to otherwise check out (are traveling on the proper visa, have the rest of their travel documents and itineraries in order, etc.) is alarming.Not only are people being unnecessarily, and even wrongly, delayed prior to entering the U.S., but Trump is working to ramp up deportation, including increasing funding for  detention beds,  for immigrants awaiting deportation. To ramp up the deportation process the way Trump wants could eventually require camps, since detention centers aren t big enough, probably won t be made big enough, and deporting someone isn t as simple as picking them up and driving them across the border.The signs reference Executive Order 9066, which is the order FDR signed to create the Japanese internment camps we had during WWII. The idea of camps for immigrants, people who are prohibited from entering the U.S. due to Trump s new travel ban but can t be turned around immediately, and possibly more, is eerily evocative of that.There s some backlash, but when art gets political like this, there will always be backlash. The idea is to stir people up and make them take notice of the events unfolding around them.Featured image by John Moore via Getty Images",0
2226, Obama Just Gave The PERFECT Response To Donald Trump’s BS Wiretap Claim,"When former President George W. Bush left office, he remained quiet in regards to any criticism of Barack Obama. Sure, Dick Cheney didn t, but Obama s predecessor remained graceful in order to keep the peace. President Obama didn t attack Bush, either. Trump s unprecedented attack by a sitting president on the former occupant of the White House has caused a firestorm off attention after calling Obama sick  and suggested he should be criminally prosecuted for  wiretapping  him during the election campaign. Trump did not offer any proof and the White House is scrambling to defend his jaw-dropping claims which originated from the right-wing fake news site Breitbart, then was promptly circulated by fake news site Gateway Pundit.So what does Barack Obama think of the new conspiracy theory about him? Unlike Trump, Obama can take the heat with a simple eye roll and shrug it off. Obama didn t take to his Twitter account to unleash mean-girl tweets about Donald Trump.A source who spoke to NBC News said that former President Barack Obama  rolled his eyes  at Trump s unsubstantiated claims that he wiretapped Trump Tower toward the end of the 2016 election.This his how a real President reacts to a 70-year-old s Twitter tantrum:The source, who spoke to NBC News on the condition of anonymity and is familiar with the president s thinking, said Obama believes the claims  undermine the integrity of the office of the president,  but don t undermine his own integrity, because  he didn t do it. The source added that Obama  is much more concerned by President Trump kicking people off their health insurance, not staffing the government, not being prepared for a crisis, rolling back regulations so that corporations can pollute the air and water and letting mentally unstable people buy guns with no problems whatsoever. He cares about all those things much more than what President Trump tweets at the TV each morning,  the source continued.The White House has stated that alleged president Donald Trump supports a congressional investigation into  whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016  as part of a larger investigation into the Russian hacking scandal.So, Obama is more concerned about our country s well-being than over some crotchety old man s rantings on Twitter even though Trump has again created another conspiracy about his predecessor.Seriously, Trump supporters, you never knew what you had until it was gone. Sort of like Obamacare which is being replaced by Trumpcare Karmacare.Photo by Zach Gibson/Getty Images.",0
2227, Bill O’Reilly Makes Sexist Attack On Andrea Mitchell; Her Response Was PERFECT (VIDEO),"On Tuesday, NBC s Andrea Mitchell was notably escorted out of a press conference with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson after daring to ask questions about Russia.Mitchell tried to get a few pressing answers from Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. She asked: Can you respond to the threats from China? Can you be sure the Trump administration will be strong against Vladimir Putin? Can you assure us that Russia will not be able to move further in Ukraine? You can then see Mitchell grabbed by the arms and escorted out while saying: We haven t had any time in here. Just for doing her job.Here s that video:You guys. This happened today.This is why we   Andrea @mitchellreports. There is nobody more dogged, more tenacious. The best. pic.twitter.com/uINDWmOYEM  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) March 7, 2017Bill O Reilly, who gives Donald Trump a run for his money when it comes to misogyny, chose Wednesday, the International Day of Women, to make a sexist attack on Mitchell, calling her  unruly. And, a hashtag was born:Irony: Misogyny gives feminism another hashtag   #unruly MSNBC host uses O Reilly Twitter insult to close her show https://t.co/3oEUIdCzq9  Pitt Griffin (@pittgriffin) March 8, 2017Where a woman doing her job is #Unruly (ht: @rezaaslan ) @justin_kanew @KamalaHarris @SenCortezMasto @mitatweets @BetteMidler @SusanSarandon https://t.co/duMInBL2r5  Joan (@pir8z40) March 8, 2017@AdamSerwer OMG, the gall of Andrea Mitchell trying to do some actual journalism. #unruly #shadesofSamDonaldson  Tim Sullivan (@TimSullivan11) March 8, 2017Some reminded O Reilly of his own past:#unruly huh? @oreillyfactor you still trying to sexually woo women with falafel in the shower?? Is that why your wife left you for that cop?  gene williams (@HOTHUMMUS) March 8, 2017@oreillyfactor We re your kids unruly? That why you beat them? #persistence #unruly #womensday2017  NNBB12 (@GinDot12) March 8, 2017MUST WATCH: So @oreillyfactor said @mitchellreports was  unruly  cause she dared to ask Tillerson some questions. Take a look at this  pic.twitter.com/cSywK35AbF  Yashar (@yashar) March 8, 2017But the best response came from Mitchell, who ended her show on Wednesday by saying,  And that does it for this UNRULY edition of Andrea @MitchellReports. And that does it for this UNRULY edition of Andrea @MitchellReports  [mic drop] pic.twitter.com/mS19gAdUDq  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) March 8, 2017From unruly women everywhere, we thank you, Ms. Mitchell.Featured image of Bill O Reilly via Ilya S. Savenok/Getty Images | Featured image of Andrea Mitchell via Leigh Vogel/Getty Images.",0
2228," Sean Spicer F**ks Up, Accidentally Admits DEVASTATING Fact About TrumpCare (VIDEO)","Donald Trump s rollout of TrumpCare is already crashing and burning (just like everything he tries to do)   and his White House Press Secretary certainly isn t helping him. Earlier today, Sean Spicer tried to address the questions surrounding the much-hated TrumpCare plan, and accidentally admitted that tons of people are going to lose their health care coverage because of it.Spicer basically said that it didn t matter how many people would be covered under the new horrible Obamacare replacement:You can watch Spicer f**k up in the video below:Spicer went off on Obamacare, incorrectly stating that people had cards under the Affordable Care Act, yet they were not receiving care. This is absolutely false, as Obamacare had measures put in place to guarantee that people would be covered by insurance companies   unlike TrumpCare, which doesn t have any of those regulations.So far, the GOP has fallen silent over how many people would be covered under their Obamacare replacement measure. They purposely avoided running TrumpCare past the Congressional Budget Office   a move that is being highly criticized for its lack of transparency. Leader Nancy Pelosi suggested that this secrecy was to prevent word getting out that millions of Americans will lose their coverage under the new plan. This looks like yet another thing that Trump won t be able to deliver. Let s not forget that Trump promised again and again that his new health care plan would cover everyone. He once said: I am going to take care of everybody everybody s going to be taken care of, much better than they re taken care of now. Trump also promised America that he was so good at making deals that the government would basically pay for everyone s coverage:How do we go from everyone being covered to not being able to even say how many people were going to be covered   and trying to spin the issue to be about people not getting care? What Spicer is doing is trying to reframe Trump s campaign promises, because the White House knows they can t be delivered. TrumpCare is an abomination compared to Obamacare, and millions of Americans are going to suffer because of the GOP s incompetence.Featured image is a screenshot",0
2229," Trump To Gut Coast Guard, Airport Security, And FEMA To Fund Useless Border Wall","Donald Trump s obsession with building a massive expensive wall along the Mexican border is literally going to make America less secure.Despite claiming that he will beat back terrorism and keep Americans safe, Trump is drafting a budget proposal that would cripple three of the nation s most critical agencies that do way more to help Americans than any wall will ever do.The cost of Trump s wall is projected to reach past $20 billion. During the campaign, Trump repeatedly claimed that Mexico would pay for the wall, but it s clear now that American taxpayers will be footing the bill. And rather than create a new budget item, Trump is considering just cutting funding from existing national security and national emergency management agencies to use it to pay for the wall instead.On the chopping block includes the U.S. Coast Guard, a crucial branch of the military that patrols and secures our ports, coast lines, and waterways, defending them from potential terrorist attacks and rescuing people.This particular cut is fiercely opposed by Republican Rep. Duncan Hunter, who explained on CNN Wednesday why the Coast Guard is too important to slash. You have President Trump talking about security, criminal networks   that s what the Coast Guard does, literally!  Hunter said.  So how can the president talk about  stopping illegal immigration, illegal drugs, and criminal narco networks, and then say we re going to cut the military and cut the Coast Guard? The way you stop bad things from happening here is not directly on the border, necessarily. So this is nonsensical to me. But that s not all.According to the Washington Post,The proposal, drawn up by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), also would slash the budget of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, which provides disaster relief after hurricanes, tornadoes and other natural disasters. The Coast Guard s $9.1 billion budget in 2017 would be cut 14 percent to about $7.8 billion, while the TSA and FEMA budgets would be reduced about 11 percent each to $4.5 billion and $3.6 billion, respectively.In regards to the Transportation Security Administration, Trump plans to cut post-9/11 programs, which includes a program that trains airline crews how to deal with hijackers, a program that funds the use of special law enforcement teams that sweep transportation hubs for potential threats prior to and during major events like an inauguration, a program that gives local law enforcement more ability to patrol in and around airports, and a program that funds the use of special TSA agents who are trained to specifically detect people exhibiting odd behavior at check-points.In other words, programs that  have been considered a vital piece of airport security and for preventing a repetition of the Sept. 11, 2001, hijackings So Trump is literally looking to sacrifice programs designed to prevent another 9/11 in order to build a wall that most experts consider useless in stopping immigration.Donald Trump is once again demonstrating that he cares more about himself than he does about the safety and security of the American people. The Coast Guard protects our coastal boarders from inside and outside threats. The TSA helps prevent another 9/11 attack from occurring on American soil. And FEMA responds to help Americans before, during, and after a disaster strikes. Gutting these agencies doesn t make America safer. It makes us more vulnerable and that appears to be exactly what Trumps wants.If it wasn t clear enough before, it definitely is now. Trump is the greatest threat to our national security.Featured image via Mark Wallheiser/Getty Images",0
2230, Trump Threatens Electoral ‘Bloodbath’ If Republicans Fail To Pass Obamacare Replacement (VIDEO),"House Republicans have released their version of Obamacare replacement and it s bad, very bad. There s also almost no chance it will pass. Trump loves the bill, though. He loves it so much that he warned Republicans would experience an electoral  bloodbath  in 2018 if they don t pass it.On Tuesday, Trump had a meeting with House Republicans in which he delivered the stern warning. He said he was behind the bill 100 percent, even though the bill hasn t been scored by the Congressional Budget Office. In other words, we don t know how much the bill will cost and how many people will be losing insurance, but, according to Trump, the House should just go ahead and pass it.Trump vowed to throw his full support behind the effort to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act during a meeting with House GOP leadership, saying he is  proud  to support a GOP-authored plan to replace Obamacare and told members behind closed doors that he would support it  100%,  according to sources in the room.But he warned lawmakers of the high-stakes nature of the effort, citing a potential electoral  bloodbath,  a member present said. He said he hopes members understand that,  the source said.Source: CNNHere s Trump s public statement:Trump could be right that there will be an electoral bloodbath in 2018, but not for the reason he says. Obamacare is suddenly very popular across the country and voters are standing up to their politicians demanding that if they make any improvements, it will be to provide better benefits, not fewer.It s gotten so bad for Republicans that many of them are refusing to face their constituents as they debate how to best get rid of people s life saving health insurance. Of course, they just blame President Obama, George Soros and the  fake news. Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
2231, Dan Rather Just Took Republicans To The Woodshed For Passing Horrible Healthcare Bill,"This is what legendary newsman Dan Rather thinks about Trumpcare, and it s an EPIC ass-kicking.On Monday, House Republicans officially passed a bill they dubiously refer to as the  American Healthcare Act, except that is neither American nor is it healthcare.Instead, this bill repeals the Affordable Care Act, which strips tens of millions of Americans of their health insurance coverage while raising the cost of care significantly. The bill does nothing to cover more people and does not improve healthcare one iota. Yet Trump has praised this piece of shit bill as  wonderful. Dan Rather disagrees and wrote a scathing post on Facebook calling out Republicans and Trump for screwing over the American people. For seven years we ve been hearing from Republicans about how horrible Obamacare was, and this was the best they could come up with?  Rather wrote.  A rush job that doesn t seem to have any new ideas or fix the core problems? It seems to prove the point that this was always about rhetoric and not about actually trying to make health insurance either cover more people or lower costs. Indeed, this has always been about tearing down the legacy of America s first black president. The Affordable Care Act was not perfect but did slow down the rising costs of healthcare while making the uninsured rate drop to all-time lows.Rather then slammed Donald Trump for breaking every promise he made on the campaign trail.The ball is firmly in the court of the GOP. They control the government, and President Trump made promises on the campaign trail about lower premiums, keeping your doctor, everyone staying insured, etc. Basically a version of healthcare that would be better told by Hans Christian Andersen   a fairy tale. And everyone with any sense on this issue knew it.Legislation isn t a campaign speech. It actually has to be made up of words that lead to law. And those words have to actually tell you something about who will win and who will lose. Who will be covered and how much it might cost. And now that we have a GOP plan, it is getting picked apart by politicians and interest groups on all sides. It is starting to look about as popular as ants at a picnic.In conclusion, Rather shamed Paul Ryan and Republicans for putting the hatred and racism of their rabid base over the health and lives of the millions of people who rely on the Affordable Care Act.So here we stand. And President Trump is swinging the full weight of his Administration behind the Ryan plan. Maybe that will be enough to arm twist skeptical Republicans. Or maybe this effort will fall apart in spectacular failure. Mr. Trump promised to replace and repeal Obamacare on day one. But the Affordable Care Act (yes to some out there, that is the same as Obamacare) is still the law of the land. And who knows how long that may last. It likely will be dramatic political theater. It s just a horrible shame that the stakes being toyed with are millions of Americans and their health insurance.Featured image via Matthew Eisman/Getty Images",0
2232, New GOP Bills Would Let Corporations Strip Away Our First Amendment Rights,"While we re focused on the ridiculous Donald Trump tweets or the equally ridiculous Obamacare replacement bill, Republicans are debating a bill that would put us at the total mercy of corporations, no matter what they do.Currently, there are a few bills in the House and in the Senate, which are different, but identical in one way: They both strip us of our right to free speech, and, well, they do both put to rest the idea that Republicans are for the  free market. There s H.R. 985, the Fairness in Class Action Litigation Act that Rep. Bob Goodlatte (VA) introduced in early February.It would place a slew of new restrictions on class action lawsuits, like barring judges from certifying a class action where the lawyer representing the plaintiffs is in anyway related to anyone in that plaintiff class. Not just familial relations either; if the attorney has any sort of working relationship with a class member outside of that particular lawsuit, the case would be shut down.Source: ConsumeristThink about that for a moment. While corporations might have in-house council or their usual team of lawyers to represent them, we, as consumers, would not be allowed to work with an attorney that anyone in the class action suit had worked with, or had known, before. Since most consumers don t have an army of attorneys at their disposal, this gives a serious advantage to the corporations.Other bills introduced in recent weeks by GOP lawmakers seek to limit more specific types of legal claims. One piece of legislation could make it more difficult for victims of asbestos to collect their claim by imposing new paperwork requirements on the trusts administering these funds. Another bill would preempt state medical malpractice laws and cap non-financial damages at $250,000.Democrats, thankfully, are attempting to expand consumer rights.One bill, by our current hero Al Franken (D-MN), would allow us to sue corporations instead of being forced into arbitration   typically with the arbiter chosen by the corporation.Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-VT) has a similar bill, which would ensure that states follow state and federal laws.For example, Airbnb was recently able to compel arbitration in a lawsuit alleging violations of federal civil rights laws, and Wells Fargo is trying to sidestep a massive consumer fraud lawsuit by compelling the cases into arbitration. When Americans enter into agreements to obtain cellphone service, rent an apartment, or accept a new job, most are not made aware of the forced arbitration clauses that are tucked away in the legal fine print,  said Leahy.  But these dangerous provisions force us to abandon our Constitutional right to protect ourselves in court, and instead send hardworking Americans to face wealthy corporations behind closed-doors in private arbitration. While all of these binding arbitration and these restrictions on how complaints can be addressed are completely anti-consumer, the one that should be called a violation of our most basic rights to free speech are non-disclosure agreements, which even Republicans should object to. In fact, one Republican, former Fox host Gretchen Carlson, objects strongly, since she was a plaintiff in a sexual harassment suit against her former employer. Arbitration silences millions of other survivors who might have come forward if they knew they weren t alone,  said Carlson, who contends that this should not be a partisan issue:  Harassers come from all political parties. She s right and the party that favors the free market should agree. The only way a free market could even begin to work is if consumers have all the information that s available. By silencing consumers, we are not only violating the First Amendment rights, we are leaving it open for future consumers to be hurt in the exact same way.Silencing consumers in favor of corporations isn t exactly new, but it s a huge step toward fascism. Strengthening those laws aren t good for small businesses, and they are horrible for the consumer, and as with any fascist country, corporations are king.Featured image of Rep. Bob Goodlatte (R-VA) via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2233, WATCH: Trump Loves The GOP Healthcare Bill But Kellyanne Conway Doesn’t Want His Name On It,"If Trump isn t willing to attach his name to something, you know it must really be bad no matter how  wonderful  he says it is.On Monday, House Republicans passed what they dubiously refer to as the  American Healthcare Act,  which repeals the Affordable Care Act.The bill would strip healthcare from millions of Americans, including the millions who were able to access Medicaid coverage. The bill also defunds Planned Parenthood and sticks senior citizens with higher costs among a litany of other things that screw over the American people.On Tuesday, Donald Trump praised the bill on Twitter.Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster   is imploding fast!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 7, 2017Of course, the only reason why the Affordable Care Act is  imploding  is because Trump and Republicans have been sabotaging it.But as  wonderful  as Trump says the  Make America Sick Again  bill is, his propaganda minister Kellyanne Conway is desperate to make sure Trump s name is not attached to it.After being asked by Fox News host Bill Hemmer if it would be okay to call the bill  Trumpcare,  Conway was quick to reply that Trump s name should not be associated with it in such a way. It s the American Health Care Act, and I think it s aptly named that for this reason,  Conway said.  It wants to cover, it wants everyone to have access to coverage, and that is something that didn t happen under Obamacare  I ll call it Trumpcare if you want to, but I didn t hear President Trump say to any of us,  I want my name on that.  It s not about branding according to someone s name. This is serious business. Here s the video via YouTube:Gee, that didn t stop Republicans from branding the Affordable Care Act as  Obamacare,  even though the landmark healthcare law was  aptly named  because it actually made healthcare more accessible and affordable for millions of Americans.Trump s  American Healthcare Act  only strips millions of Americans of their healthcare coverage. It does nothing to give coverage to everyone. If Trump wants to cover all Americans he would push for universal healthcare, not a bill that takes healthcare away from millions, including people who voted for him.The real reason why Conway doesn t want Trump s name on the bill is because it s a bad bill that will harm a lot of people. In fact, it will likely lead to the deaths of many Americans.Trump and his Republican sycophants don t give a shit about all the people they are going to hurt by repealing the Affordable Care Act. Ad they certainly do not care about this country and its future. They only care about themselves.Featured image via screenshot",0
2234, WATCH: Republican Rep Tells Poor Americans To Use Emergency Room As Their Healthcare ‘Coverage’,"Can somebody tell this piece of shit congressman that the emergency room is is NOT healthcare coverage?On Tuesday, GOP Rep. Jason Chaffetz told low-income Americans that if they want healthcare they should stop buying iPhones, even though an iPhone is ten times cheaper per year than the average health insurance premium. You know what, Americans have choices, and they ve got to make a choice,  Chaffetz said.  And so maybe, rather than getting that new iPhone that they just love and want to go spend hundreds of dollars on, maybe they should invest in their own health care. A monthly payment plan for an iPhone is under $30 while health insurance costs over $200 a month. Far more than millions of Americans can afford, even if they didn t buy an iPhone. In fact, it would take approximately ten months to save up for just one month of health insurance coverage.And now another Republican lawmaker has an idea that is just as asinine and just as heartless, and it s one of the reasons why the Affordable Care Act was passed in the first place.Emergency room care has bankrupted many Americans over the years. That s because many people can t afford health insurance to pay for check-ups and annual physicals or get preventive care. So minor health issues become emergency health crises. The average price of a single emergency room visit is $2,168. And that means such visits can cost more than that, even if all you have is indigestion that causes chest pains.These costs can cripple people financially, and that s why the Affordable Care Act was passed, so that low income Americans would finally have access to affordable health insurance they can use to visit their doctors regularly.Republicans like North Carolina Rep. Mark Meadows, however, think emergency room care is perfect coverage.First, Meadows told CNN host Alisyn Camerota that he agrees with Chaffetz s remark about iPhones. Well, they re already making choices now for those kind of things,  Meadows said.  I ve talked to a number of people having to make choices between, you know, do they put food on the table or pay for the health care? Right, so repealing the Affordable Care Act would mean millions of Americans would have to once again choose between feeding themselves and their families or paying for healthcare.Then Meadows spewed a bunch of bullshit about how Republicans are going to cover more people at less cost. We re all in to help to make sure we get more people covered at less cost. And so that s a choice that I don t want any American to make. I certainly don t want my family to make. As we look at that health care coverage, and certainly health care in general, it s something we need to make sure it s something everybody has access to. Again, by repealing the Affordable Care Act, Republicans are stripping 30 million Americans of their healthcare and will actually make healthcare costs skyrocket after the law slowed down the rising costs by reducing the number of emergency room bills that hospitals usually have to eat because patients can t afford to pay.Furthermore, Meadows went on to claim that emergency room care is the same as having health insurance. Well, we ve got 318 million people. The goal is to allow access to all. There s a federal law right now that if you show up at a hospital, you get coverage, Alisyn. And so, it s a false narrative to suggest we have people who can t go in and get coverage. It s a federal law. Here s the video via YouTube:That law is there to guarantee that anyone who needs emergency care will not be turned away. It s not meant as an umbrella insurance coverage program and could never actually be one.If Republicans seriously believe the emergency room is a suitable substitute for universal healthcare then it is clear they don t care about the health of the American people at all.It should also be pointed out that Meadows and his family do not have to worry about choosing between food and healthcare because his healthcare is covered by the government and paid for by taxpayers.Basically, Republicans think it s okay for them to have government-provided healthcare, but everyone else should be forced to rely on overcrowded emergency rooms. It s time to change that, and we can start by taking healthcare away from Republicans like Meadows. Because if America can t have universal healthcare paid for by the government, our elected officials shouldn t get it either.Featured image via sreenshot",0
2235," Obama’s Press Secretary Just Smacked Down A HUGE Sean Spicer Lie, And It’s Glorious (TWEETS)","In his efforts to weasel out of answering questions about Donald Trump s lie that President Obama tapped Trump Tower s  wires,  Sean Spicer uttered four little words that he now regrets. No, that s above my pay grade,  Spicer told a reporter when asked for evidence that Trump was telling the truth.Jay Carney, President Barack Obama s press secretary, very quickly shut down Spicer s claim that he does not have access to that information via Twitter.  Actually, his  pay grade  is the highest possible at WH   same as for chief of staff, national security and other senior personnel,  Carney tweeted:Actually, his ""pay grade"" is the highest possible at WH   same as for chief of staff, national security and other senior personnel. https://t.co/V3BENwFHjI  Jay Carney (@JayCarney) March 7, 2017Yes, this means that Sean Spicer lied to you.On Saturday, Trump dropped a bigger lie about Obama than the whole Kenya thing (and that was a whopper). Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my  wires tapped  in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!  our alleged President said as part of an extended rant that was clearly intended to distract from the very real scandals related to him, his campaign, his staff, and a little shirtless Russian guy he calls Vladdy Poot Poot (we assume on that last bit). A cardinal rule of the Obama administration was that no White House official ever interfered with any independent investigation led by the Department of Justice,  Obama responded via spokesman Kevin Lewis.  As part of that practice, neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered surveillance on any U.S. citizen. Any suggestion otherwise is simply false. So far Trump has not been able to provide a shred of evidence and even some of Obama s most vocal opponents have failed to defend The Donald. Nevertheless Trump has demanded that the Republican Congress distract themselves from any of those pesky Russia investigations by looking into whether or not Obama did the stupid and illegal thing he falsely said he did. They agreed, because they legitimately do not care what laws he breaks.Watch Spicer lie again below:Featured image via screengrab",0
2236," Trump Sickeningly Dares To Claim He Respects Women On Twitter, And Gets SHREDDED For It","Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned, and Donald Trump has definitely pissed off women across the country. His latest tweets aren t helping.During the 2016 campaign, Trump talked disparagingly about women and even got caught bragging about grabbing women by the genitals without their consent, which is sexual assault. Since taking office, Trump has punished women by trying to defund Planned Parenthood, threatened funding for organizations that help women obtain an abortion, and trying to repeal the Affordable Care Act.Trump was furious over the Women s March on Washington and criticized it. He also has few women in his Cabinet. Only two, as a matter of fact.Oh, and here s ten straight minutes of the various times Trump has demeaned women.Overall, Trump has treated women like shit his entire life. And on Wednesday morning, he had the gall to claim that he has  tremendous respect for women  in recognition of International Women s Day.I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 8, 2017On International Women s Day, join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America & around the world.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 8, 2017Needless to say, Twitter users immediately unleashed on Trump and put him in his place..@realDonaldTrump Was calling Megyn Kelley a  news bimbo  showing her tremendous respect?  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) March 8, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Was this showing tremendous respect? pic.twitter.com/TMoPyOETfz  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) March 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump Just, so much respect. https://t.co/TjxWI9XlOH pic.twitter.com/AGWrr6JeH3  Keegan Stephan (@KeeganNYC) March 8, 2017.@realDonaldTrump A true beacon of respect for women. https://t.co/Yxg4kJCR2s pic.twitter.com/WhQz4g67z4  Keegan Stephan (@KeeganNYC) March 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump Sure, 45. You respect them SO much you think it s acceptable to grab their pussies because you re famous. You re a pig.  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) March 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump Also, interesting you describe women that  serve . They re not here to serve you. Many loathe your very existence.  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) March 8, 2017. @realDonaldTrump DJT s roles for women in order:  Pussy Grabee ,  News Bimbo ,  Disgusting breastfeeder ,  Daughter/Lover ,  Piece of ass  Tiernan Douieb (@TiernanDouieb) March 8, 2017@yashar @realDonaldTrump there is literally a Wikipedia page about his boasts of sexual assault. https://t.co/O4ezQH2nxe  Justin Hendrix (@justinhendrix) March 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump yet you and your cronies want to pass a healthcare bill that takes away all of our basic care. Go fuck yourself, sir.  BernadetteGiacomazzo (@berngiacomazzo) March 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump You respect women almost as much as ISIS does. pic.twitter.com/3QQVwM8e1e  John Johnsonson (@JohnJohnsonson) March 8, 2017Donald Trump is a pig who does not give a damn about women. It is insulting for him to claim that respects women when he has repeatedly demonstrated that he has no respect for them whatsoever over the course of several decades. He should be ashamed of himself.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2237, Top Democrat: I Will Make Comey Answer For Trump’s Wiretapping Allegations,"Representative Adam Schiff is clearly fed up with Donald Trump s lies. This is especially true of Trump s latest lie, which is the insane accusations he made on Saturday morning about President Obama wiretapping Trump Tower during the 2016 election. Of course, this is the most outrageous statement ever made by a sitting president, but it s Donald Trump, so of course he did it. Well, there are hearings coming up regarding ties between the Trump campaign and Russian hacking, so Rep. Schiff is looking forward to getting to the bottom of all of this.Appearing on Tuesday night s edition of The Rachel Maddow Show, the Ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee said that he intends to ask FBI Director James Comey directly about Trump s wild Twitter accusations against the former President. Schiff said of the upcoming March 20 hearings: The president has asked our committee to investigate this and I would say, Mr. President, we accept. We will investigate this. We should be able to determine in fairly short order whether this allegation is true or false. Rep. Schiff went on to say that if (as we all know they will) the allegations turn out to be false, it s just as huge of a scandal, if not more so, as it would be if they were true, since it would be the scandal of a sitting U.S. president alleging that his predecessor engaged in the most unscrupulous and unlawful conduct. Adam Schiff is right. Further, if and when it comes out that Trump flat-out lied, that really should be an impeachable offense. And if that isn t enough, the House Intelligence Committee has an all-star line-up of people who will be testifying, including National Security Agency head Admiral Mike Rogers, former CIA director John Brennan, former National Intelligence Director James Clapper, and former acting Attorney General Sally Yates, among others.Pop your popcorn, folks. The testimony is sure to be damning.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2238, The GOP Is Quietly Working On A New And VILE Way To Sh*t On American Consumers,"Doesn t Corporate America get enough breaks at the expense of the everyday American? Apparently not, because they re working on a bill that would limit the ability of the American consumer to sue, even in cases of gross negligence and flat-out illegal acts. Already it s difficult to sue due to all the legal fine print that corporations use specifically to make it harder to sue. And now Republicans want to expand and cement corporations immunity from responsibility.Of course, they gave it a name intended to deceive us into believing they re making things more fair for everyone. Leveling the playing field. Things like that. It s called the  Fairness in Class Action Litigation Act of 2017.  It s anything but fair   it tips the balance of lawsuits so far towards corporations that it s obscene.Class action lawsuits  are often the only avenue for Americans to hold corporations accountable if they are victims of widespread illegal behavior.  In other words, victims of fraud and scams, unsafe products and workplaces, and of human and civil rights violations, would have little to no recourse, according to a detailed analysis from Elizabeth Burch from the University of Georgia s School of Law.Other egregious behavior companies could get away with include price fixing, gender discrimination, securities fraud could go unchecked, deceptive or even false advertising could likewise go unchecked, and so much more.Sure, there are laws in place that prohibit all of that, but holding companies truly responsible for the harm that their lawlessness causes involves hurting their bottom line. Do Republicans plan to put inspectors in every corporation there is, just to ensure that they all follow the law? Class-action suits really are our only method of holding a corporation s feet to the fire when they break the law.Should this bill pass, it s anything but  America first,  and as such, it s a major kick in the face to regular consumers. Republicans are disgusting.Featured image by Mark Wilson via Getty Images",0
2239, Watch As MSNBC Reporter Completely Humiliates Sean Spicer Over Trump’s Wiretapping B.S.,"White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer was completely humiliated by MSNBC s Hallie Jackson during Tuesday s White House briefing. Jackson wanted to know why Donald Trump would call on Congress to investigate the supposed wiretapping at Trump Tower when he claims to already have this very information. This was a question Spicer couldn t answer. All he could do was squirm. You said the president stands by his tweets Saturday morning that President Obama ordered this wiretap,  Jackson stated.  You ve also said that the president wants Congress to investigate. Some members of Congress, by the way, have asked the White House and asked the president to come forward with the information. So bottom line, why would the president want Congress to investigate for information he already has?  she asked.Spicer started blubbering about the importance of  separation of powers  but came nowhere near actually addressing the issue at hand.Jackson wasn t about to let him off the hook that easy, though. She continued to press Spicer, wondering  if the president has the info, Sean   and I guess that s what I m trying to get to   if he s sitting on this information that he found out, he s now directing or asking or recommending that the intelligence committees look into this. And you talked about they have resources and staff, which they do, but why expend those resources and staff if the President found out this information and has it? Spicer then explained that Trump thinks Congress asking the Justice Department to conduct an investigation might  add credibility to the look  of Trump s bogus accusation that former President Obama tapped his phones during the election. I think we ve made it very clear how he wants this done,  Spicer finally concluded when he could think of nothing better to say.Watch Sean Spicer be completely humiliated by MSNBC s Hallie Jackson:Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
2240, Watch NBC’s Andrea Mitchell Get BULLIED Out Of The State Dept. For Asking About Russia (VIDEO),"If one thing has become abundantly clear, it s that Donald Trump and his administration don t like to answer questions, especially questions surrounding Russia.Trump seems to have set a clear standard for those who work with him that the press is not to be trusted. From his abusive and unconstitutional  fake news  attacks to the clear ignoring of questions that the American people want to know the answers to.Ignoring questions and treating the press like dirt has seemingly also spread to the State Department, and on Tuesday morning, NBC s Andrea Mitchell alongside several others from the press were herded up and bullied out, all the while no questions were answered.Mitchell tried to get a few pressing answers from Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. She asked: Can you respond to the threats from China? Can you be sure the Trump administration will be strong against Vladimir Putin? Can you assure us that Russia will not be able to move further in Ukraine? You can then see Mitchell grabbed by the arms and escorted out while saying: We haven t had any time in here. This all begs the question, why doesn t the Trump administration want to answer any questions? What are they hiding?The more they remain elusive from the press, the more people will assume they are up to no good, so one would think they would want to remain transparent and respect the right of a free press.What this shows is that our press are disrespected, but it also shows that press, especially those like Andrea Mitchell, aren t about to be bullied around so easily and will still report the story.Good.Watch the confrontation here:You guys. This happened today.This is why we   Andrea @mitchellreports. There is nobody more dogged, more tenacious. The best. pic.twitter.com/uINDWmOYEM  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) March 7, 2017Featured image via video screen capture ",0
2241, Sean Spicer: When Trump Blamed ‘Obama’ Earlier ‘Obviously’ He Didn’t Mean ‘Obama’ (VIDEO),"Lyin  Donald Trump tweeted this morning that former President Barack Obama was responsible for 122  vicious prisoners  being released from Guantanamo Bay and returning to the battlefield. However, that never happened. Trump is blaming an unemployed black guy for his predecessor s actions. Trump s tweet read,  122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision!  That s some real Alt-fact thinking right there. So White House press secretary Sean Spicer had to clean up after his boss s mess but he did a terrible job.The Office of the Director of National Intelligence states that 113 of the 122 former detainees who have taken up arms again were released before Obama s first term, meaning during the Bush administration s time in office. Obviously the president meant in totality, the number that had been released on the battlefield   that have been released from Gitmo since individuals have been released,  Spicer told reporters on Tuesday.  That is correct.  We know that hurts your brain, too.Sure, OBVIOUSLY, when Trump said  Obama  he really meant something else.The White House is backpedaling on Trump s accusation that Obama tapped the amateur president before the election. CNN s Jim Acosta asked Spicer,  Where is the proof?  Spicer said that  it s not a question of new proof or less proof or whatever,  but it s about bringing in Congress to get to the bottom of this.Then this happened:New York Times  Glenn Thrush followed up by pressing Spicer again on the evidence for Trump s claims, and after that Reuters  Ayesha Rascoe asked Spicer about whether Trump can just make declarative statements like that on Twitter and then get committees to look into it.Spicer went on to insist that going through the intelligence committees is the proper avenue for investigating. Rascoe asked whether we should, then, be taking Trump s tweets  at face value. Watch Spicer squirm:That s what you call a swing and a miss, Sean.White House spokesman Sean Spicer says WH will not present any proof of President Trump's allegation that President Obama committed a crime.  Binyamin Appelbaum (@BCAppelbaum) March 7, 2017Spicer doesn t want the GOP plan to replace Obamacare called Trumpcare and we don t blame him because it s a fucking raw deal for everyone except the wealthy.Sean Spicer ""It's not TrumpCare, it's PatientCare.""Yes, be PATIENT because you'll need to win the lottery to afford it.#PressBriefing  Tommy Campbell (@MrTommyCampbell) March 7, 2017Back to Gitmo. As it happens, more than 500 detainees were released by George W. Bush and we re not hatin .Here s the video:Featured image via screen capture. ",0
2242, Ben Carson Got SMOKED By Samuel L. Jackson For Saying Slaves Were Immigrants,"For at least one day, Donald Trump did not say the stupidest thing. His Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson did, and he got burned by actor Samuel L. Jackson.While delivering remarks about immigrants, Carson actually had the gall to claim that slaves were immigrants, too, as if they voluntarily left their homes in Africa to do back-breaking work in America for free along with getting beaten and whipped and sold like livestock. That s what America is about,  Carson said.  A land of dreams and opportunity. There were other immigrants who came here in the bottom of slave ships, worked even longer, even harder for less. But they, too, had a dream that one day their sons, daughters, grandsons, granddaughters, great-granddaughters might pursue prosperity and happiness in this land. Seriously. Carson literally thinks slaves were immigrants.His stupidity immediately drew mockery from people across the country on social media. In particularly, Samuel L. Jackson s response was the best.Jackson s response was short and sweet and included his trademark profanity. And Carson definitely deserved it.OK!! Ben Carson .I can t! Immigrants ? In the bottom of SLAVE SHIPS??!! MUTHAFUKKA PLEASE!!!#dickheadedtom  Samuel L. Jackson (@SamuelLJackson) March 6, 2017For centuries prior to and until the Civil War, slaves were kidnapped from their native lands and chained up in the bottom of super crowded slave ships where many would die of disease. Once they arrived in America they were treated like livestock, sold to other people, and given new names.Carson and many other conservatives would have us believe that black people volunteered to be slaves but that s a complete and utter lie that goes against everything we know about slavery.Ben Carson should be ashamed of himself and his stupidity. What he said is the same thing racists say to justify the crimes against humanity white people in this country committed. They think we did black people a favor by enslaving them. But the fact is that slavery is wrong and has been a stain on our history that will never fade, especially if people like Ben Carson keep spewing this revisionist history bullshit.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
2243, BREAKING: Sources Reveal Trump HIMSELF Met With Russian Ambassador During Campaign (DETAILS),"In what could be the most damning information revealed yet, and what seems to be a remarkable oversight by most of the media, the Wall Street Journal published an article in May 2016 revealing that Donald Trump himself met with Russian Ambassador Sergey Ivanovich Kislyak.While everyone has been focused on trying to figure out which members of Trump s campaign had met with Russian representatives, it s printed that Trump met with him, and met with him during his presidential campaign. This is a very, very huge deal considering Trump has time and time again said that he hadn t been talking to Russia.According to the Wall Street Journal in an article titled  Donald Trump Goes His Own Way With Vladimir Putin  it shows Trump saying this: I believe an easing of tensions, and improved relations with Russia from a position of strength only is possible, absolutely possible,  Mr. Trump said in a foreign-policy speech at Washington s Mayflower Hotel in April.  Some say the Russians won t be reasonable. I intend to find out. WSJ then reports: A few minutes before he made those remarks, Mr. Trump met at a VIP reception with Russia s ambassador to the U.S., Sergey Ivanovich Kislyak. Mr. Trump warmly greeted Mr. Kislyak and three other foreign ambassadors who came to the reception. Yes, that s the same Sergey Ivanovich Kislyak who met with Attorney General Jeff Sessions, went to the Republican National Convention, and was in attendance at Trump s Joint Address to Congress.Kislyak seems to be a major player in Trump s long game seeing as he is in regular attendance pretty much everywhere. This fact is rather alarming considering  Kislyak is considered Moscow s  Top Spy Recruiter  in the United States. Don t expect the Trump/Russia story to go away anytime soon. If anything, it is just heating up and deserves more scrutiny than any other story around. If Trump is connected directly to Russia, and Russia did, in fact, help Trump win the election, that s not only a direct threat to national security and our democratic process but it is a global threat as well.The Russia connections will continue to present themselves and Trump will be seen as the fraud and colluding traitor that he may very well be.Featured Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2244, Obamacare Vs Trumpcare Meme DESTROYS GOP’s Health Care Replacement Fail (TWEETS),"Donald Trump and the Republican Party s push to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare) was met with protests and resistance all around the country. Despite being well aware that their  replacement  would be stripping millions of Americans (especially the ill and lower-income citizens) of their life-saving, affordable health insurance, the GOP has continued to push forward with their horrible idea   and now they re getting annihilated for it on the internet.On Monday, Republicans released a draft bill of their Obamacare replacement  the American Health Care Act. As expected with anything that Trump or the Republican Party does, it was not received well and is already considered a massive failure just 24 hours after its release. To commemorate yet another major fail by the GOP and its corrupt, deranged leader, the internet came to the rescue and tore the new replacement apart   by making it a meme!Here s some of the best Obamacare vs. Trumpcare memes we could find, which makes the GOP s latest f**k up just a little more tolerable:          Out of all of them, this one is sure to make Trump explode and throw a Twitter temper tantrum, as we all know how damn sensitive he was (and still is) about the pathetic size of his inauguration crowds.Hopefully, these hilarious memes will force more Americans to pay attention to what Trump and the GOP is trying to do to Americans. The GOP s replacement plan puts Americans  health care in jeopardy, and will make it much more expensive for many.The GOP and Trump have not been listening to the American people. If they truly cared what the majority of Americans wanted, Obamacare would be left alone or amended at best. According to a poll by CNN/ORC, most Americans are satisfied with their health care and don t want Obamacare to be taken away. But then again, if Republicans actually cared about what the majority of Americans wanted, we d have Hillary Clinton in the White House and none of this would be happening.Featured image via Twitter",0
2245, McCain CALLS OUT Trump: Show Us The Evidence!,"Donald Trump screwed himself over by letting his tiny little hands go Twitter-happy over the weekend. Just because he was pissed off over Jeff Sessions  recusal, Trump failed to manage his emotions like an adult and couldn t keep his temper tantrum in check. America watched on, horrified, as the current POTUS accused former President Barack Obama of wiretapping his phones in the Trump Tower on Saturday morning. And now, he s facing severe consequences as people want answers.It is already highly probably that Trump has zero evidence to back up his accusation of Obama, mostly because he frequently lies and spreads false information based on his emotional state. Trump has also repeatedly been asked to provide concrete proof that Obama tapped his phones, and hasn t been able to show anything that would make his inappropriate accusations believable. Even Trump s fellow Republicans are demanding answers to such a ridiculous attack, one of them being Sen. John McCain, who has been a critical conservative voice against Trump since his presidential campaign.On Monday, McCain demanded that Trump release evidence to support his allegations, and also trashed the White House for not being able to provide more information about Trump s claims. McCain argued that Americans have a right to know on what basis the president of the United States said that his predecessor had broken the law by wiretapping Trump Tower. Clearly shocked by the whole matter, McCain admitted to reporters,  I haven t seen anything like this.  Noting that the Trump administration  should answer questions,  McCain said: The American people should demand it. The dimensions of this are huge. McCain went on to say just how shocking Trump s weekend tweets had been. McCain admitted that when he saw Trump s first tweet against Obama on Saturday morning, his first reaction was  intense curiosity. This is unprecedented. I have never heard of a president of the United States accusing his predecessor or any other president of the United States of violating the law. Trump had given America many firsts over the past year or so, and none of them were good. That is something we all can agree on, regardless of party affiliation. McCain s comments prove that even the GOP is regretful and fed up of Trump s behavior.Featured image via Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
2246," Trump Says Republican ‘Make America Sick Again’ Bill Is ‘Wonderful,’ Stands By Utter Failure","Donald Trump thinks the healthcare bill Republicans passed to repeal the Affordable Care Act is  wonderful  and promised even more such bills to come. We are sooo screwed.After years of trying to repeal the landmark healthcare law, House Republicans passed a bill on Monday that they dubiously named the  American Healthcare Act. Except that there is nothing  American  about it, nor does it provide healthcare to anyone who needs it.The monstrous bill pretty much leaves 30 million Americans out in the cold without insurance. Republicans stripped subsidies away from low-income Americans and will give them to families who can actually afford to pay for healthcare without government aid. The bill also wipes out the Medicaid expansion that allowed millions more to obtain coverage. Furthermore, the bill kills the insurance mandate, which guaranteed that enough Americans would have health insurance that the insurance pool would be able to cover people with pre-existing conditions. The bill also makes senior citizens pay more for healthcare and defunds Planned Parenthood, which would strip low-income women of the health services they need, including cancer screenings.Overall, the bill a big  fuck you  from Republicans to the American people. So, of course, Trump loves it.Trump crowed about the Republican bill and then attacked the Affordable Care Act by claiming that it is  imploding.However, it s only  imploding  because Trump and Republicans are sabotaging it so it doesn t work the way it should.Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster   is imploding fast!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 7, 2017Trump then tweeted that this bill is only the first  phase  of his plan to destroy healthcare in this country. And he actually thinks that  getting rid of state lines  will bring the cost of healthcare down.Don t worry, getting rid of state lines, which will promote competition, will be in phase 2 & 3 of healthcare rollout. @foxandfriends  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 7, 2017And apparently, drug prices is one of his targets.I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people will come way down!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 7, 2017Knowing Trump, that means Americans who rely on affordable and accessible pharmaceuticals are about to get hammered.This is a really bad bill for the American people. So bad, in fact, that four Republican senators are prepared to oppose it, which means it will be dead on arrival in the Senate. A majority of Americans support the Affordable Care Act and the protections and benefits it provides. The uninsured rate is at an all-time low and more people have access to healthcare than ever before. Trump s plan will only hurt tens of millions of Americans while setting healthcare in this country back by decades.Featured image via Jim Lo Scalzo   Pool/Getty Images",0
2247, EXPLOSIVE REPORT: Fmr. NSA Analyst Reveals Team Trump Working With Russians To Punish Reporters,"We all know how hostile the Trump White House is to the press. They say that anything they don t like is  FAKE NEWS  and they have even gone so far as to ban critical mainstream outlets from a press gaggle with White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer. Now, an analyst who used to work with the National Security Agency (NSA), John Schindler, is alleging that Team Trump is actually targeting individual journalists for retribution   and they are doing it with the help of Russian intelligence.Learned fm very reliable IC sources that Trump WH, w/help fm Russian intel, is targeting US journalists. Rough road ahead. Get ready, peeps  John Schindler (@20committee) March 7, 2017Of course, Team Trump would have us all believe they ve never, ever, colluded with the Russians to do anything, but there s an awful lot of smoke where that is concerned already; all we need is the proverbial smoking gun.This really comes as no surprise, no matter how chilling it might be. The Trump Administration has already been implicated in pushing out a false story to discredit Politico reporter Alex Isenstadt, accusing him of laughing at the tragic death of Navy Seal Ryan Owens, who was killed in Trump s botched Yemen raid.Of course, we all remember Trump s repeated claim   both via Twitter and during his speech at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC)   that the press is, quote, the  enemy of the American people.  This is beyond Nixonian at this point. Trump and his White House are actively doing all they can to undermine the free press, and even savage the reputations and careers of individual journalists.Considering the spinelessness of the GOP-led Congress, the media   our Fourth Estate   is really the only check we have right now on this out of control president and his dangerous, incompetent team of authoritarians and wannabe tin-pot dictators.Don t back down, bloggers, reporters, and other newsy types. It s now ALL of our job to speak truth to power and let all who will listen know just what this White House and this administration is about. It s not freedom   it s complete control and eventual autocracy. If we stop now, we lose our republic as we know it. #RESIST.Featured image via Mario Tama/Getty Images",0
2248, Prominent Attorney And Law Professor Points Out That Trump Can Be Impeached For False Accusation Against Obama,"When Donald Trump falsely accused President Obama of wiretapping him he committed an impeachable offense.That s what Harvard Law professor Laurence Tribe wrote in response to Jonathan Turley on Tuesday after Turley claimed that Trump can t be impeached for posting  bad tweets. During an appearance on Morning Joe, Turley claimed that Trump could not be impeached for accusing President Obama of wiretapping him because the Constitution was written before Twitter was invented. There s no penalty to the president for bad tweets,  the George Washington University law professor claimed.  There s no impeachment for bad tweets,  he continued, arguing that the impeachment clause doesn t apply because Twitter  postdated the impeachment clause. Basically, Turley is saying that the Constitution only applies to society as it was in the 18th century, which is the kind of bullshit that conservative originalists use as an excuse to block progress.Well, Tribe was watching on Tuesday and he fired off a series of tweets slamming Turley. Using power of W[hite] H[ouse] to falsely accuse predecessor of impeachable felony does qualify as an impeachable offense whether via tweet or not,  Tribe concluded.1/On @JoeNBC @JonathanTurley says Trump s false claim that 44 wiretapped him cdn t be impeachable because #Twitter didn t exist when the  Laurence Tribe (@tribelaw) March 7, 20172/Impeachment Cl. was written in 1787. What s he mocking? Stupid versions of originalism? The gravity of T s abuse of power? POTUS himself?  Laurence Tribe (@tribelaw) March 7, 20173/Using power of WH to falsely accuse predecessor of impeachable felony does qualify as an impeachable offense whether via tweet or not  Laurence Tribe (@tribelaw) March 7, 2017In fact, Trump is not only abusing his power by falsely accusing a former president of a crime, he opened himself up to a defamation lawsuit.Just as a reminder, here is what Trump wrote about President Obama on Saturday.Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my  wires tapped  in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017Trump offered absolutely no proof to back up his claims and he still hasn t offered any. FBI Director James Comey and former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper have both strongly refuted Trump s claim.The bottom line is that the Constitution absolutely applies here because it would be meaningless if it only applied to the world as it existed in 1787.Featured image via Aude Guerrucci-Pool/Getty Images",0
2249, WATCH: Trump Defender Gets HUMILIATED By Anderson Cooper For Absurd Wiretapping Claim,"Donald Trump s media supporters are working overtime this week trying to defend his wiretapping accusations against President Obama.On Saturday, Trump openly made the accusation on Twitter without providing a single shred of evidence to back up his assertion. Trump made the claim after reading a conspiracy theory on Breitbart and even called for Congress to investigate.Again, Trump has provided no proof to support his accusation and an accusation without proof doesn t justify an investigation.Trump has had days to provide such evidence and has failed to produce any. But Trump supporter Kayleigh McEnany claimed during a panel discussion on CNN on Monday night that Trump has evidence that he will release sometime in the future. And she got totally owned for it by Anderson Cooper.McEnany insisted that Trump has evidence that President Obama wiretapped Trump Tower. But Cooper was quick to remind her that if that were true he would have released it by now and that it would be easy for Trump to confirm whether his accusation is true or not simply by asking certain intelligence and law enforcement agencies. But we know this by now, the president could know this by now by picking up the phone if he really believed this and if he s really that mad about this, he can find out the information,  Cooper said.  He s the most powerful guy in the United States, in the world. Indeed, but FBI Director James Comey has already strongly shot down Trump s accusation, and former National Intelligence Director James Clapper said on Sunday that he would have been informed had President Obama ordered such a wiretap, whether legal or not.Cooper then dropped the hammer by pointing out that if Trump really had evidence he wouldn t be demanding an investigation by Congress. If he had that information, why is he saying that it s President Obama who did this personally and why is he calling for a congressional investigation to find out when he could find out?  Cooper asked.Here s the video via YouTube:Donald Trump does not have evidence to back up his serious accusation against President Obama. He knows that he is slandering him and is desperately turning to Republicans in Congress to help him manufacture proof that is nonexistent. If Trump had any proof at all he would be screaming it out from the rooftops to prove that he was right. Because he s too much of a narcissist to keep that kind of information to himself.Featured image via screenshot ",0
2250, WATCH: Republican Rep Thinks Poor Americans Can Afford Healthcare If They Don’t Buy A Cell Phone,"Republicans are delusional if they really believe forgoing a new cell phone will allow poor people to afford healthcare.But that s exactly what Utah GOP Rep. Jason Chaffetz believes.On Monday, House Republicans passed a monstrous bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act which pretty much leaves 30 million Americans out in the cold without insurance. Republicans stripped subsidies away from low-income Americans and will give them to families who can actually afford to pay for healthcare without government aid. The bill also wipes out the Medicaid expansion that allowed millions more to obtain coverage. Furthermore, the bill kills the insurance mandate, which guaranteed that enough Americans would have health insurance that the insurance pool would be able to cover people with pre-existing conditions. The bill also makes senior citizens pay more for healthcare and defunds Planned Parenthood, which would strip low-income women of the health services they need, including cancer screenings.During an interview to defend his party s evil bill on Tuesday morning, Chaffetz actually had the gall to claim that poor people could afford health insurance if they didn t go out and purchase iPhones.Seriously, he literally used this as an excuse to strip 30 million people of their health insurance. You know what, Americans have choices, and they ve got to make a choice,  Chaffetz said.  And so maybe, rather than getting that new iPhone that they just love and want to go spend hundreds of dollars on, maybe they should invest in their own health care. Here s the video via Twitter.GOP Rep. Chaffetz: Americans may need to choose between  new iphone  they just love  and investing in health care https://t.co/5Hxwn2uOl5  New Day (@NewDay) March 7, 2017Chaffetz s ignorant remarks make it clear that he doesn t know anything about the cost of healthcare, probably because his healthcare is free courtesy of American taxpayers.As Raw Story points out, the average cost of a health insurance plan is $235 per month while an iPhone costs just $27 a month with a two-year payment plan.In short, choosing not to buy an iPhone will not do anything to help poor Americans afford healthcare.Meanwhile, Republicans like Chaffetz can actually afford to buy their own health insurance because they make $174,000 a year. But they don t have to buy their own insurance because they get government healthcare along with the best hospitals all on the taxpayer dime.Chaffetz, and every Republican who voted for this bill, is a hypocrite and they should be ashamed of themselves.Featured image via screenshot",0
2251, Trump Kicks Off His Tuesday By Lying About President Obama And Get RIPPED APART By Twitter (TWEETS),"Tuesday morning, Donald Trump started off his day by tweeting yet another outrageous lie about President Obama, apparently unsatisfied with his weekend tweetstorm accusing his favorite Muslim Kenyan socialist nemesis who totally isn t an American citizen of tapping his  wires  at Trump Tower. 122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision!  Trump claimed after apparently seeing a Fox News report that 122 have returned to the battlefield except not even Fox News was stupid enough to attempt to pass that off on President Obama.122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 7, 2017In reality, 113 of those who have returned to their old ways were released under George W. Bush, while 9 were released under President Obama.This is something anyone   even The Donald   can easily fact check, but for some reason we will never understand he is so committed to the lie that he ignores verifiable data that proves him wrong. Naturally, the American people stopped by to tell him where he can stick his fabrications:Trump's Gitmo tweet is a boldfaced LIE.111 prisoners released under GEORGE BUSH returned to the battlefield pic.twitter.com/rOpYog3177  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) March 7, 2017Without even digging into it, Trump took what he saw on Fox News and blamed Obama.Except, it was Bush. pic.twitter.com/qfseaUdnkl  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) March 7, 2017@realDonaldTrump I see you got your Infowars briefing this AM.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) March 7, 2017@realDonaldTrump Which battlefield are they headed to? Bowling Green?  Kristina Wong   (@mskristinawong) March 7, 2017Hmm, @realDonaldTrump, I wonder what intelligence agency gave you that info  Oh  right. My bad, bro. pic.twitter.com/v0CiImFIB5  Josh S nchez (@jnsanchez) March 7, 2017@realDonaldTrump remember when he claimed a sitting president wiretapped him? That was idiotic.Oh wait, that was you.  Anthony Domanico (@ajdomanico) March 7, 2017@realDonaldTrump A huge number of them are from Russia, Saudi Arabia and Afghanistan, yet those countries are not in the travel ban. Why?  Dave Hogg ? (@Stareagle) March 7, 2017@realDonaldTrump So, Donnie. Buddy. Do you have fact checkers?  Kelly Scaletta (@KellyScaletta) March 7, 2017@realDonaldTrump what do you do when the President is a brainwashed, uninformed conspiracy theorist? Impeach.  KG ? (@KG_NYK) March 7, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/CDWixIRRXH  Stephen Patten (@StevePatten) March 7, 2017Trump is getting desperate in his attempts to distract Americans from his administration s numerous ties to Russian oligarchs. He has even demanded   and Republicans have acquiesced   that any probe into his Russia contacts be bogged down by an investigation into his stupid claims about President Obama tapping his  wires. You re not campaigning anymore, Trump. Facts matter now, because most of us do still care about the truth.Featured image via Getty Images (Chip Somodevilla)/screengrab",0
2252, Rachel Maddow Perfectly Explains Why Trump’s Sketchy Deals Are So Dangerous To America (VIDEO),"We recently reported on how it has now come to light, thanks to the wonderful investigative reporting at The New Yorker, that Donald Trump is involved in some seriously shady business dealings. In one instance, he has a hotel that seems to be nothing more than a front for shady ties to the Iranian Revolutionary Guard, which is considered to be a sponsor of terrorism. The people who signed off on the hotel deal also are corrupt as all hell, and seem to get their money by laundering it via government corruption. Well, there is one person in the news business who always breaks this stuff down in the best way possible: MSNBC s Rachel Maddow.On Thursday s edition of the Rachel Maddow Show, the fiery host explains the situation with Trump and his family s ties and how it could make Trump vulnerable to blackmail by these dangerous foreign terrorists. Of course, with Trump being president, that means the danger also extends to the American people. According to Maddow, this deal is so potentially dangerous that Senator Sherrod Brown (D-OH), actually wants a whole new investigation just for this shady sham of a hotel deal.Another interesting tidbit that Maddow points out is the fact that it is illegal for American business people to do business with foreign entities that have been sanctioned due to terrorist ties. In fact, it s seen as such an egregious crime that if caught, one faces serious jail time. Hopefully, Trump s clear incompetence forces him to slip up on this one, and he winds up in prison, right where he belongs.There s no one like Rachel Maddow to explain something like this, though, so, without further ado, here is the video:Featured image via video screen capture",0
2253," The GOP ‘Make America Sick Again’ Plan Was Released, And It’s WORSE Than You Thought (DETAILS)","Republicans finally rolled out their plan to replace the Affordable Care Act on Monday and it is even worse than expected.While the full ramifications of the  Make America Sick Again  plan, (or as Republicans are calling it, the American Health Care Act) are still being discovered as everybody sifts through the 123-page bill, here is a quick overview of what is understood so far.First. the good news. The new plan will keep two important provisions of Obamacare. Protections for pre-existing conditions will remain in place and parents will continue to be able to keep their children on their policies until age 26.Now, the bad. And boy is there a lot of that.Corporations and billionaires, on the other hand, make out like fat rats under the Republicans  replacement plan.Not all Republicans are on board with the replacement bill, though. Four Republican senators   Rob Portman of Ohio, Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia, Cory Gardner of Colorado and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska   all signed a letter arguing that the plan would be a disaster for their states, as well as others, who had expanded Medicaid.Three more Republicans, Mike Lee of Utah, Rand Paul of Kentucky and Ted Cruz of Texas, have all made it known that they have serious reservations about the bill.Naturally, there is much more detail and specifics than I have covered here. You can read the full bill below.American Healthcare Act by Mediaite on ScribdFeatured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2254, ‘Drain The Swamp’ Trump Is Now Doing White House Ads For Corporate America (VIDEO),"A White House press release which congratulated Exxon Mobil Corp. for its recent investment in U.S. manufacturing appears to be copied from a paragraph from the oil company s own release, CNN s Jake Tapper reported Monday. It s straight up plagiarism, word for word. That draining the swamp of  special interests,  Washington insiders, and lobbyists isn t working out too well, is it?White House press release plagiarizes paragraph from Exxon press release. pic.twitter.com/hHEKVWUsDn  Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) March 6, 2017Both releases read,  ExxonMobil is strategically investing in new refining and chemical-manufacturing projects in the U.S. Gulf Coast region to expand its manufacturing and export capacity. The company s Growing the Gulf expansion program, consists of 11 major chemical, refining, lubricant and liquefied natural gas projects at proposed new and existing facilities along the Texas and Louisiana coasts. Investments began in 2013 and are expected to continue through at least 2022. But it gets worse. Trump pretty much just gave a shout out to Exxon Mobil Corp. in an ad released on Twitter to his 26.1 million followers.There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right now we're bringing back the JOBS! pic.twitter.com/BNSLvKiEVj  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 6, 2017After campaigning on  Drain the Swamp  as his tagline, Trump filled his cabinet up with terrifying swamp creatures such as secretary of state Rex Tillerson who previously served as the CEO of Exxon Mobil from 2006 to 2016. Tillerson had to leave his position with the company in order to go through the Senate confirmation process for the post.During his confirmation hearing, Tillerson said,  I have never lobbied against [Russian] sanctions personally,  Tillerson said.  To my knowledge, Exxon never directly lobbied against sanctions.  That s not true, though.Trump campaigned on working for the middle class, those who possibly felt forgotten and shifted toward the back burner. Instead, he wants to lower tax rates on the wealthiest, eradicate Obamacare, rape the environment, ban Muslims from entering our borders (you can put pretty words on an executive order but it is what it is), and he s making a huge profit from his alleged presidency. Trump is in this for Trump and no one else. He d kick a puppy in the face if he and/or his billionaire buddies could profit from it.Image via screen capture. ",0
2255," While Everyone Was Distracted, Here Are Five Ways Trump Just Moved To F*ck Over Middle America","The Donald Trump administration is desperate and like a cornered wild animal, Trump is lashing out at everyone, hoping he ll land a bite that will stick. Over the weekend, the target of Trump s delusional Twitter rant was President Obama, who Trump accused of wiretapping him. There s zero evidence and even conservatives are beginning to question Trump s sanity.Now, I won t go so far as to say Trump is crazy like a fox   no, he s just plain crazy   but he also uses his Twitter account in an almost clever way. He uses it to distract from the real damage and flat out destruction he and his Republican cohorts are doing to this country.Will Bunch of the Philadelphia Inquirer outlined three ways in which Trump is giving the country a legislative middle finger and because of Trump s ridiculous tweets, the media is ignoring almost all of them.Donald Trump put as the head of the Environmental Protection Agency, a man who has sued the agency a total of 13 times. Trump wants to all but gut the agency, leaving us with filthy air, water and ultimately, food, but hey, those polluting industries will see hefty profits.No, the administration doesn t want to stop global warming. They just don t want us to study it or hear about it. In fact, they don t even want us to know about the weather. The administration wants to cut the funding of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Agency by more than half a billion dollars.In some ways, the second ban is worse than its predecessor. It signals that the Trump Administration is determined to pursue its anti-Muslim, extremist agenda and will not be hindered by courts   nor by the showing of public concern which followed the first ban. That remarkable cultural moment   symbolized by the immediate airport protests and sustained by the solidarity of faith groups, civil rights figures and celebrities who ve spoken out repeatedly over the last month   seems to have gone unheeded by the Trump Administration.Source: Time.comWe have a couple to add.This is true of Trump s tax proposals, which redirect wealth from the poor to the ultrarich. No one who supports repealing the estate tax can credibly be called a  populist.  It s also true about his health care proposals, which slash benefits for low-income people while cutting taxes on the well-to-do. And it looks like this pattern will hold with respect to Trump s forthcoming budget proposal, in which the  populist  president will ask for a big hike in defense spending while inflicting painful cuts on social programs.Source: SalonDonald Trump, Jr. told The Washington Post that he and his brother Eric were inspired by many places they visited while with their father on the campaign trail. While Trump has not divested from his company, he s turned over management of the Trump brand to his sons. The plan now is to build new properties, starting with a more affordable chain of hotels, Scion, in a number of cities across the nation, many of which the brothers became acquainted with while on the long road to the White House.Source: Vanity FairTrump hasn t divested himself from his businesses, so if his sons are profiting, so is he.The point of this is to not let ourselves become distracted by the latest shiny object, even if it is an absurd series of tweets. Donald Trump might not last a full term, but he can do a lot of damage before he leaves. He s already started. Let s focus on that as well.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
2256, Muslim Internment Flyers SHOCK Students Of UC San Diego With Stark Warning,"Students at the University of California, San Diego, were shocked this week when Muslim internment flyers were posted around the campus.NBC 7, a local channel in San Diego, report that the flyers were posted on billboards around the campus and  took the form of Internment Notices, which signaled the roundup of thousands of Japanese Americans during World War II. But these notices targeted Muslims. The poster read, in part: All Muslim persons, both alien and non-alien, will be evacuated from the above designated area by 12:00 o clock noon Wednesday, April 8, 2017. No Muslim person will be permitted to enter or leave the above described area after 8:00 a.m., Thursday, April 2, 2017, without obtaining special permission from the Provost Marshal at the Civil Control Station A person claiming responsibility for the flyers emailed NBC and explained that the posters were not intended to be  anti-Muslim.  Instead, the goal was to shock and anger people  by using our own shameful past of Japanese internment camps to warn people about the path we are currently on. The posters were meant to mimic the internment posters because I wanted to shock/anger people and to show them what could happen if they didn t do anything to stop it. It was a warning presented as a possible future,  the email read.The flyers appeared on the same day that Donald Trump signed his updated executive order banning citizens of several Muslim majority countries from entering the United States.This time, only six countries are included in the ban since Iraq has been excluded from the list. The updated version also outlines exclusions for valid visa holders, green card holders, and several other groups. Reportedly, Trump decided not to give preferential treatment to Christians in the updated ban either. To avoid the chaos the order created last time, there is a 10-day grace period before the bigoted ban kicks in on March 16.Featured image via Twitter and Wikimedia Commons",0
2257," Sean Spicer Has INSANE MELTDOWN, Gets Hostile With Reporters In Off-Camera Briefing (DETAILS)","White House press secretary Sean Spicer has been known for losing his sh*t, just like his boss Donald Trump   and in an off-camera news briefing on Monday, Spicer had a Trump-sized meltdown as he tried to defend the disgraceful POTUS from his self-created wiretapping debacle.PBS News Hour caught Spicer railing against the media on a live audio stream, capturing Spicer taking a particularly hostile and defensive attitude with reporters as they asked questions about Trump s unverified claims that former President Barack Obama had somehow tapped his phones at the Trump Tower.At the annual Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC), Trump had blasted the media for using anonymous sources (even though he often does), and even suggested that the media  shouldn t be allowed  to cite anonymous sources. Reporters asked Spicer about Trump s anti-media comments at the CPAC, but this quickly launched into a discussion about Trump s recent accusations against Obama, as well as inquiries about what evidence Trump had to back this up. Spicer responded: People start taking things as fact because a series of off-the-record and anonymous sources   We have started to become a series of believing all these stories, and yet, I ve addressed this in the past, there s nothing there to substantiate. At some point, I would ask people to take on-the-record sources and quotes as important as the countless numbers of anonymous, off-the records. As things heated up, one reporter asked for the source that Trump had gotten his information from regarding the wiretapping. The reporter asked: So, explain this to me then. You re talking about not using anonymous sources   what is, then, the sourcing of the president s tweet on Saturday? Does he believe it s a FISA warrant? That s when poor Spicey lost it. As more reporters tried to join the conversation, the WH press secretary snapped and said: There s no cameras. You can slow it down. And of course, just like the hypocrite he is, Spicer couldn t provide a non-anonymous source. He simply said that reports are out there  from  individuals and sources. Understandably, the reporters wanted more of an answer so they continues to press Spicer. This caused him to fire back again as he said: You re not on camera. You don t need to jump in. You can watch Spicer lost his temper over some straightforward, simple questions below:Featured image via Aaron P. Bernstein / Getty Images",0
2258, WTF: Top Trump Advisor Tells Trump To Kill Liberals (AUDIO),"As if Donald Trump isn t paranoid and delusional enough on his own, one of the people who carries a lot of influence with 45 is one of the most certifiably insane (in my amateur opinion) people to ever hit the airwaves, rabid right-wing conspiracy theorist Alex Jones. Jones is now advising Trump to use violence against those who oppose him, and the frightening thing is, Trump could listen.On his YouTube channel show on Monday, Jones fed into Trump s ridiculous conspiracy theory that his offices were wiretapped by President Obama.And I feel so sorry for people that can t see it, that have been caught by this weird demon spirit of the age, to just go along with evil and corruption and just thank god, Mr. President, that we re not the scumbag Obama, the loser of eight years, the failure. Now who thinks he can be the big community organizer down the street from you, who brags it s his plan to bring you down. Then The New York Times acts like it s not true. Codify the data each day, go after them with their own words. Hold up where they admit they were wiretapping your Trump Tower and then show The New York Times saying they re not doing it, just like you have been doing it, and they will fall.There were even more paranoid rantings, but the bottom line was that Trump should kill all his enemies before they take him down:They re going to destroy you, they re going to destroy Barron, they re going to destroy Eric, they re going to destroy Donald Jr., they re going destroy me, they re going to destroy Matt Drudge, they re going to destroy Ron Paul, they re going to destroy anybody like [White House senior adviser] Stephen Bannon that actually stood up for the little people, because that example can t be allowed. Because if you let one ant stand up, they might all stand up, and those little ants outnumber the parasites 1000 to one. If they want a war, let s let them have it. Now they re getting their ass kicked in the economy, your approval ratings are going up. Sir, they don t care. They re going to intimidate and pay off and roll people in your second-level operation to try to burn you. You must go on the offense. This is war. You think George Washington kicked the Redcoats  ass just with information? No.Source: Media MattersThen, with no irony at all, he accused Trump s opponents of being funded by the Russians.Here s the audio:Most people would just dismiss Jones s words as the rantings of a lunatic, which they are, but Trump loves Jones. Along with Breitbart (where Trump got the wiretap story to begin with) and other assorted right-wing sources, Jones is one of the people Trump relies upon to get information.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
2259, Trump Presidency IMPLODES As 17 Top White House Officials BETRAY Him In EXPLOSIVE Report (DETAILS),"The whirlwind of chaos that follows Donald Trump everywhere he goes has just reached a level we ve never seen before. It turns out, things are way, WAY worse than any of us could have even predicted!According to a new report by The Washington Post, it turns out that the undeserving POTUS isn t the only one who creates mayhem   his staff is right behind him, and it s because they have ZERO loyalty to their awful boss. In a heavily cited article, The Washington Post summed up Trump s shockingly erratic weekend in which he accused former President Barack Obama of wiretapping his phones in the Trump Tower. But more importantly, this article lists SEVENTEEN White House officials who spoke out against Trump under the protection of anonymity. The article states: At the center of the turmoil is an impatient president increasingly frustrated by his administration s inability to erase the impression that his campaign was engaged with Russia, to stem leaks about both national security matters and internal discord and to implement any signature achievements.This account of the administration s tumultuous recent days is based on interviews with 17 top White House officials, members of Congress and friends of the president, many of whom requested anonymity to speak candidly.Gnawing at Trump, according to one of his advisers, is the comparison between his early track record and that of Obama in 2009, when amid the Great Recession he enacted an economic stimulus bill and other big-ticket items. To make matters even worse for Trump, the photo The Washington Post chose as the leading photo is a photograph of Trump with his grandchildren   while pointing out the fact that the sloppy former reality television star literally uses tape to hold his tie together:This couldn t be worse news for Trump, who has previously flipped out about leaks from within his staff. Expect a colossal Twitter meltdown any second now!Watch a report here:Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
2260, Ben Carson Just Called Slaves ‘Immigrants’ As Part Of Anti-Immigrant Speech (VIDEO),"Trump s newly confirmed Secretary of Housing and Urban Development just dropped a doozy on us. No, not the one about Harriet Tubman. This is a new WTF moment for the sleepy-eyed Ben Carson. In a talk with department employees, Carson referred to slaves as  immigrants  dreaming of a better life, The Hill reports. Sure, except slaves didn t want to come to this country. They had families, homes, a life and a country. Slaves were shackled and brought to the U.S. in deplorable circumstances, beaten within an inch of their lives. That s what America is about. A land of dreams and opportunity,  Carson said, while inadvertently touting the very reason we should allow refugees to enter our borders.  There were other immigrants who came here in the bottom of slave ships, worked even longer, even harder for less. Ben Carson at HUD:  There were other immigrants who came here in the bottom of slave ships, worked even longer, even harder for less.  pic.twitter.com/VfH9YCbleM  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) March 6, 2017 But they, too, had a dream that one day their sons, daughters, grandsons, granddaughters, great-granddaughters might pursue prosperity and happiness in this land,  Carson added.Watch:Samuel Jackson weighed in on Carson s comparison:OK!! Ben Carson .I can't! Immigrants ? In the bottom of SLAVE SHIPS??!! MUTHAFUKKA PLEASE!!!#dickheadedtom  Samuel L. Jackson (@SamuelLJackson) March 6, 2017During his bid for the GOP nomination for president, Carson compared abortion to slavery. During slavery   and I know that s one of those words you re not supposed to say, but I m saying it   during slavery, a lot of the slave owners thought that they had the right to do whatever they wanted to the slave,  Carson said in October of 2015. What if the abolitionists had said,  I don t believe in slavery, I think it s wrong, but you guys do whatever you want to do?    Carson added. The retired neurosurgeon does not believe in abortion even in cases of incest or rape. Abortion is a choice. Slavery is not.Wow, just wow. How did this man ever become a neurosurgeon? You know what slavery was really like? Slavery. Slaves did not seek to be imprisoned and they weren t employees. Geez.Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
2261," In One GLORIOUS Move, CNN REFUSES To Bow Down To Trump; He Will Be LIVID (VIDEO)","If there s one thing Donald Trump wants, it s positive press about himself and everything that he is doing. Clearly knowing that his new travel ban Executive Order wasn t going to shine him in the best light, or he was simply afraid of reporters asking him questions he d be forced to give an answer to, Trump didn t allow the press into the Oval Office for the signing. The White House did, however, offer a photo of the signing, but CNN refuses to show it.CNN s John King explains why they won t show the image of Trump holding the Executive Order: We won t show you the picture of the president signing the executive order that s incredibly important to his administration, it s a very important policy debate in our country   we will not show you the picture because we have a policy that you cannot have canned press release pictures from a White House. You have to let the reporters in. The president is a big boy. He doesn t have to answer questions if they re shouted at him, but they wouldn t let anyone in because of the other issue  that is the president saying he believes his predecessor someone wire tapped him during last year s campaign. Hopefully, all news media outlets do the same.Trump will undoubtedly be upset by this, but honestly   too bad. He needs to own what he s doing, answer questions about it, and be an actual leader. Not the elusive dictator he s appearing to become more and more each day.Watch here:Featured Photo by Aude Guerrucci-Pool/Getty Images   HT Raw Story",0
2262, Gold Star Dad Forced To Cancel Canada Trip After Being Told His ‘Travel Privileges Are Being Reviewed’,"Khizr Khan, a Muslim-American gold star dad who made an enemy of Donald Trump during the campaign, seems to be facing the bigot-in-chief s wrath now that The Donald has the power to mess with him. On Monday, it was announced that Khan s planned speech in Toronto has been canceled after he was notified that his  travel privileges are being reviewed. Rosa Hwang, a senior producer at CTV National News, tweeted the rather disconcerting news:JUST IN: Gold Star father Khizr Khan cancels scheduled speech in Toronto after being told his ""travel privileges are being reviewed."" pic.twitter.com/3dXFMnjced  Rosa Hwang (@journorosa) March 6, 2017Though some initially questioned the legitimacy of the announcement, this was confirmed by RamsayTalks, who was hosting the Khan event, who assured those who would be attending that they would be refunded the $89-per-ticket cost:(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/zh_CN/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));KHIZR KHAN EVENT CANCELLATION Late Sunday evening Khizr Khan, an American citizen for over 30 years, was notified that  RamsayTalks  2017 3 6 This turn of events is not just of deep concern to me but to all my fellow Americans who cherish our freedom to travel abroad. I have not been given any reason as to why,  Khan, whose son died in Iraq, told RamsayTalks.  I am grateful for your support and look forward to visiting Toronto in the near future. CBC Politics reporter John Paul Trasker also confirmed Monday that Khan was scheduled to sppear on one of their broadcasts while he was in town, bur (of course) was forced to cancel that appearance as well.""This turn of events is not just of deep concern to me but to all my fellow Americans who cherish our freedom to travel abroad,"" Khan says  John Paul Tasker (@JPTasker) March 6, 2017During Trump s campaign, Khan, a U.S. citizen for over 30 years, and his family, suffered numerous and repeated attacks from The Donald following their decision to rebuke him and his hatred.On Monday, Trump signed a new Muslim Ban into effect   one that does nothing to help protect us from terrorism, but that makes Muslims both within our borders and without feel afraid and unwanted.Featured image via Getty Images (Alex Wong)",0
2263, EXPLOSIVE New Report PROVES Trump Hotel Linked To Iranian Terror Organization,"Donald Trump likes to talk tough on terror. However, a new report links a Trump hotel to   you guessed it   a terror cell. Trump and his daughter-wife Ivanka built a hotel and tower in Azerbaijan in 2008 that was first a swanky high rise full of apartments, but in 2014 it became yet another Trump hotel. However, neither incarnation of the project ever opened for business.Now, it seems that the whole thing   called the Trump International Hotel and Baku   is just a front for corruption tied to an oligarch by the name of Ziya Mammadov. Mammadov s father also happens to be the transportation minister of Azerbaijan. The United States government believes that this man is guilty of money laundering for Iran s military. He has never been brought up on any such charges, though.The whole thing looks even shadier when one considers statements from a former official with Azerbaijan s Ministry of Tourism. He says of the Trump property: Why would someone put a luxury hotel there? Nobody who can afford to stay there would want to be in that neighborhood. So, in other words, they have a dormant hotel in a shitty neighborhood for what legitimate purpose exactly? It also turns out that the aforementioned Ziya Mammadov, along with his brother Elton Mammadov are the ones who signed off on this sham property. It also helps to know that this whole family is corrupt to the core and basically make their money through government corruption. They also have suspicious ties to the Iran s Revolutionary Guard. This is a terrorist cell that engages in things like trafficking drugs and sponsoring terrorist activities.Of course, one of Trump s equally shady lawyers, Alan Garten, has already brushed aside the claims, saying that all Trump did was lend his name to the building has no real ties to this whole corrupt mess. The thing is, though, there is money going into Trump s pockets via this deal   to a tune of at least $2.8 million, perhaps more. To that end, do not expect any sort of rebuke of this corruption and sponsoring of terrorism from the Trump Administration.Clearly, Trump s worldwide business interests will influence United States policy, when indeed it should not, ever. This is dangerous beyond anything we have ever seen before. He must be removed.The entire report can be read here, at the New Yorker.Featured image via Jim Lo Scalzo   Pool/Getty Images",0
2264, The Wind Revealed An Unknown Creature Atop Trump’s Head And People CANNOT Stop Watching (VIRAL VIDEO),"With all the absolutely horrific and unhinged things that Donald Trump has been doing and saying since he took office, many have stopped talking about one of the most bizarre things about him.No, not the fact that he eats pizza and KFC with a fork, but his hair. Or rather, what we can only assume is his hair. Let s call it hair-ish or hair-like.And while many will think that going after someone s hair is petty (because it is) it s still something that many people are extremely curious about, because it seems to have a life of its own.Case in point, while Trump was climbing aboard Air Force One, the wind caught Trump s hair from behind and seemingly revealed to the entire world what goes into making that dreadful coif.Brace yourself, because you will never be the same after seeing this. Here s the video:If anyone knows what that might be, they are encouraged to come forward.Trump still seems to pride himself on this signature hairdon t, still not realizing that he could look a million times better, or dare one say, *presidential (barf), if he gave himself a haircut that actually suited his head.Nonetheless, people can t stop watching this video because as horrible as it is, it s absolutely mesmerizing.Featured image via video screen capture",0
2265, WATCH: Marco Rubio Says Trump Will ‘Have To Answer’ For Wiretapping Lies,"Donald Trump s list of allies is getting shorter because of his outrageous accusation against President Obama.During the campaign, Marco Rubio fiercely opposed Trump but soon chose to kiss his ass and endorse him.Rubio has been reluctant to say anything against Trump ever since, but that changed over the weekend after Trump openly accused President Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower in a Saturday morning Twitter rant.Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my  wires tapped  in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017Trump offered zero evidence to back up his claims and both former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and current FBI Director James Comey have forcefully refuted Trump s accusation.And now Rubio, who is on the Senate Intelligence Committee, says that Trump will have to answer for his lies. I have no evidence and no one has presented anything to me that indicates anything like that,  Rubio told Meet The Press on Sunday.  Suffice it to say I don t have any basis, I ve never heard that allegation made before by anybody. I ve never seen anything about that anywhere before. But again, the president put that out there, and now the White House will have to answer as to exactly what he was referring to. Chuck Todd went on t ask Rubio if he would concede that if Trump is lying that it would be a huge political scandal and Rubio agreed.Here s the video via YouTube:Trump is desperate to distract everyone from focusing on his ever-growing Russia scandal, so he made up this lie based on a conspiracy theory he read on Breitbart in the hopes that Congress and the media will shift their focus.This is a serious accusation against a former president and Trump should be severely punished for it. He has offered no evidence to prove his claim and that means he is slandering President Obama, which should result in a lawsuit and impeachment. But we all know that Republicans in Congress have zero credibility so they will more than likely shield Trump and pursue a witch hunt against Obama, who was a more honorable and respected president than Trump will ever be.Featured image via screenshot",0
2266, Even Trey Gowdy Thinks Trump’s Wiretap Conspiracy Is Crazy,"Donald Trump is playing a dangerous game by falsely accusing his predecessor of wiretapping his phone lines before the election. Most people realize when Trump seems unhinged in his Twitter timeline, it s usually to distract the public from what is really going on, such as his scandalous ties to Russia and his new travel ban which remarkably resembles his old travel ban. Republicans and Democrats are both left scratching their heads over Trump s accusations.Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy (S.C.), who spent two years investigating Hillary Clinton over the attacks in Benghazi, said Monday he s seen no evidence to support Trump s claim that former President Obama wiretapped his office during the presidential campaign. I don t think the FBI is the Obama team, and I don t think the men and women who are career prosecutors at [the Department of Justice] belong to any team other than a blindfolded woman holding a pair of scales,  Gowdy told Politico. We have the tools to keep us safe and it s prudent for those tools to be used lawfully and appropriately,  Gowdy continued.  If they re not used lawfully and appropriately, there s a paper trail and we ll be able to find it out. Gowdy continued to say that it was  hard to cross-examine tweets  and any information regarding a FISA warrant used against Trump would be available to the Trump administration.By the way, if a FISA warrant was issued, that would have to be allowed by a judge. Meaning, in that instance, there would be some sort of evidence against Trump, so much so as to wiretap his phones or at least any calls to and or from Russia. The Obama team is no longer in charge,  Gowdy added.  So any information the current Department of Justice has that suggests the previous Department of Justice acted inappropriately, they are welcome to release it. But there is no evidence to release. A sitting president cannot issue a wiretap. That s not how presidenting works, k? There is a process to go through first.Even Jason Chaffetz said today that there is no evidence to back up Trump s claim. Still yet, Chaffetz is willing to investigate Trump s claim while refusing to launch a probe into the alleged president s ties to Russia.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
2267, Cory Booker SCORCHES Trump Over New Muslim Ban In BLISTERING Tweetstorm,"Well, the moment we have all been anticipating has come to pass. Donald Trump and the bigots in his administration have rolled out a new Muslim Ban. There are very few differences. It excludes Iraq, thanks to their vital role in helping the United States government in the fight against the Islamic State. It also will not be rolled out immediately, so that we won t have people being detained mid-travel. It also excludes Green Card holders and those with legal visas prior to January 27, 2017   the date of the original order that was struck down by the courts. there is also language striking down the first order. However, make no mistake   this is still a Muslim ban. The intent is the same, and there is one person who wants to make sure that everyone knows it: New Jersey Senator Cory Booker.Just moments after the news broke that Trump had signed the new order behind closed doors, Senator Booker took to Twitter to go all in on Trump and what he and his goons are doing. This truly an extraordinary rebuke of a sitting Senator of a sitting President. Here are is the flurry of tweets sent out by a clearly furious Booker:A rebranded #MuslimBan is still a Muslim ban.Plain and simple.  Sen. Cory Booker (@SenBookerOffice) March 6, 2017It s clear that the Trump administration s intent with this executive order is the same as it was with the first.  Sen. Cory Booker (@SenBookerOffice) March 6, 2017They are trying to exclude refugees and immigrants of a certain religion from entering the United States.  Sen. Cory Booker (@SenBookerOffice) March 6, 2017The previous Muslim ban was rejected by millions of Americans and blocked by the federal courts.  Sen. Cory Booker (@SenBookerOffice) March 6, 2017This reckless and un-American executive order once again blatantly defies our nation s highest ideals and makes our country less safe.  Sen. Cory Booker (@SenBookerOffice) March 6, 2017I will fight every step of the way, this renewed attempt to play the worst kind of politics at the expense of our most cherished values.  Sen. Cory Booker (@SenBookerOffice) March 6, 2017As history has shown us, so will the American people.  Sen. Cory Booker (@SenBookerOffice) March 6, 2017See you in court (again), @realDonaldTrump  Sen. Cory Booker (@SenBookerOffice) March 6, 2017Indeed, we will see Trump in court. Just as the first order was rejected, so should the second order. There s really no difference at all, and the claims by Trump and his administration are doing this because of national security concerns have been shown to be baseless by Trump s own Department of Homeland Security.This is the most fundamentally un-American action Trump has taken yet, and considering the things he has done, that s saying something. Senator Booker is right   we ll see him in court.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
2268, Kellyanne Conway Makes A Fool Of Herself Trying To Defend Trump’s Ridiculous Attack On Obama (VIDEO),"On Monday, Trump propaganda minister Kellyanne Conway crawled out of her slimepit to once again defend the indefensible   this time, Trump s ridiculous and baseless allegation that President Obama tapped his  wires  at Trump Tower. He s the president of the United States, he has information and intelligence that the rest of us do not,  Conway told Fox News, adding that  a number of credible media outlets  are  reporting there was politically-motivated activity all during the campaign and suggesting there s more there. Not a single credible news source has reported that President Obama ordered Trump s  wires  tapped. The report initially came from Breitbart, a white supremacist propaganda website. People deserve to know, so why not include in the existing investigations into Russia whether or not this actually happened?  Conway says.What actually happened was Donald Trump read an article that was being passed around the White House, made the mistake of believing it, and melted down on Twitter, sticking to the story even after the conspiracy theorist upon whose claims the story relied admitted he has zero evidence to back it.Trump s allegations are so ridiculous that the FBI asked the Department of Justice Saturday to officially tell the American people Trump is full of sh*t. They have not yet done so.Watch Conway s humiliating performance below:Featured image via screengrab",0
2269, WATCH: Morning Joe Hosts Are DONE With Trump After His Unfounded Accusation Against President Obama,"Donald Trump just ruined any remaining chance he had to get support from MSNBC hosts Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski.On Saturday, Trump openly accused President Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower without providing a shred of evidence to support his claim.In response, Joe Scarborough ripped him a new one on Twitter.Ever since Trump made the outrageous accusation, federal law enforcement and intelligence agencies have refuted it, including former National Intelligence Director James Clapper and current FBI Director James Comey.On Monday, the Morning Joe hosts kicked off their show by thoroughly blasting Trump and aired their disappointment that he would make such a claim against a former president.Mika Brzezinski began by calling Trump s accusation  unprecedented. I had hope and an open mind and I have lost hope completely and my mind is closed,  she continued on Trump s presidency. There was a belief that he could turn the corner,  Joe Scarborough said.  What Donald Trump did on Saturday morning has shaken this government and the confidence of its people to the core. It is hard to overstate how reckless that tweet was. The 45th president of the United States accusing the 44th president of tapping his phones, personally tapping his phones, calling him  sick. Mika Brzezinski called Trump s accusations  uncouth  as Scarborough continued to explain how seriously Trump f*cked up. For people comparing this to the birther controversy, context is necessary. It is one thing when a reality TV star accused a president of a sleazy conspiratorial theory. But when a president of the United States accuses another president, the context changes and it becomes dangerous We are in crisis. It s an administration that has lost all credibility at this point,  Brzezinski added.Here s the video via VidMe:At the end of the program, Scarborough remarked that Trump  reached a new low this weekend  and Brzezinski called Trump s presidency  fake and failed. Here s that clip via YouTube:Donald Trump just dug a deeper hole for himself by accusing a former president of wiretapping him. He is literally slandering President Obama because he has no proof to back up his accusations. It s time for Congress to impeach Trump. Trump is causing mass chaos and damaging our government institutions while blatantly ignoring the Constitution. This farce can no longer be allowed to continue. And if Republicans won t do something to save this country from Trump, it will be the duty of the American people to put an end to the Republican Party and put lawmakers in office who will.Featured image via screenshot",0
2270, WATCH: Even Investigation-Obsessed GOP Rep. Jason Chaffetz Says Trump Has No Proof Obama Wiretapped Him,"Republican Rep. Jason Chaffetz has made a living in Congress starting investigations into just about anything in an effort to hurt Democrats. But even he thinks Donald Trump has nothing to support his accusations against President Obama.On Saturday, Trump made the outrageous claim that President Obama wiretapped Trump Tower to spy on him and demanded that Congress investigate even though he didn t offer a single shred of evidence to back up his claims.Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my  wires tapped  in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017Trump s accusations were even shot down by former National Intelligence Director James Clapper, who served in the position from 2010 to 2017.Clapper told Meet The Press on Sunday that if President Obama had ordered a wiretap, whether legal or illegal, he would have known about it.Of course, that s not stopping Republicans from including Trump s accusations in their investigation of his Russia scandal, which means we can expect Republicans to focus more of their energy trying to desperately prove Trump s claim than they will on revealing Trump s ties to Russia and Vladimir Putin.But one Republican concedes that he hasn t seen anything that would support Trump s accusation.Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz loves investigations. He is obsessed with witch hunts against Democrats and will start endless investigations into anything if he thinks it could be a scandal to hit Democrats with. On the other hand, he isn t really interested in investigating Republicans like Trump when true scandals like Russian interference in the election arise. But even he says that Trump has nothing to prove his accusations against President Obama. You never know when you turn a corner what you may or may not see,  Chaffetz said on CBS This Morning. But thus far I have not seen anything directly that would support what the president has said. Despite that concession, Chaffetz has offered to support an investigation into Trump s allegations even though he isn t interested in leading the investigation himself. Look, it s a very serious allegation,  Chaffetz continued.  The president has at his fingertips tens of billions of dollars in intelligence apparatus. I ve got to believe   I think he might have something there, but if not, we re going to find out. Here s the video via YouTube:So Chaffetz literally went from saying that Trump has nothing to saying that he might have something. This is the kind of double-speak that Americans despise from politicians.The fact is that Trump has zero evidence to support his claims and Congress has no evidence to justify starting an investigation based on those claims. Trump is slandering President Obama based on a conspiracy theory he read on Breitbart and Republicans appear to be willing to start a witch hunt over it. And American taxpayers will be paying for it.Donald Trump is hoping to distract Congress from investigating his Russia scandal by telling lies about President Obama. It s sad that Republicans are incapable of seeing through Trump s bullshit. As usual, Republicans are demonstrating that they would rather investigate Democrats instead of doing anything that threatens their own power.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2271, Trump Is Literally Causing Business Owners To Go Broke Because Of His Mar-a-Lago Trips,"Rather than making America great again, Donald Trump is making American business owners in Florida go broke.Every time Trump spends the weekend at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, it costs taxpayers $3 million. So far, Trump has spent nearly every weekend there since taking office, and the price tag has eclipsed $10 million.If Trump continues taking weekend vacations at his current pace, he ll outspend President Obama s entire eight years of vacation costs in just under a single year.Taxpayers are going to feel the burden of this, but business owners in Palm Beach are especially feeling the pain because Trump s frequent visits are literally going to put them out of business if he doesn t stop.Because of the extra security, businesses in Palm Beach are losing tens of thousands of dollars every weekend. We re basically going broke,  said a spokesperson on behalf of Southern Helicopter when approached for comment by NBC Nightly News.  We were not expecting him to come down almost every weekend. But that s exactly what Trump is doing.Instead of working for the American people, Trump would rather spend his weekends playing golf and throwing lavish parties, and that is taking a toll on the local economy as taxpayers in Palm Beach County have to pony up $1.7 million for extra security when Trump is in town.And just as Trump stiffs his contractors when he owes them money, Trump is stiffing Palm Beach County after they asked the White House to reimburse the massive costs.Stellar Aviation Group president Jonathan Miller told NBC that his business is losing $30,000 every weekend when Trump is in town. He fears his business will fold if Trump doesn t halt his trips soon.Here s the video via NBC.This is yet another example of Trump only caring about himself. He is selfishly vacationing every weekend at taxpayer expense and it doesn t matter to him that local business owners are struggling to remain afloat as long as he gets to party and golf.NBC noted that Trump promised to  rarely leave the White House  during the campaign, and pointed out his hypocrisy since he often whined about President Obama s vacations.So Trump is a liar and a hypocrite who is making the local Palm Beach economy suffer.Americans should be outraged by this. How can Trump claim that he is creating jobs when he constant vacations in Palm Beach alone are threatening to cause many people to lose their livelihoods. Trump should be ashamed of himself and America should demand their wasted tax dollars back.Featured image via screenshot",0
2272, Trump Spokeswoman Awkwardly Admits She Has No F*cking Clue What Makes Him Think Obama Tapped His ‘Wires’ (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s surrogates are desperately trying to defend him after he leveled some pretty serious charges at President Obama based on what he read in a far-Right propaganda rag. According to The Donald, President Obama ordered the  wires  at Trump Tower  tapped.  He provided no evidence, of course, but White House officials confirm that The Donald got his  information  from Breitbart. However, it doesn t seem that his surrogates want to admit where he gets what he thinks are facts.On Monday, Deputy White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders did her best to defend Trump. The president firmly believes the Obama administration may have tapped into the phones at Trump Tower,  Sanders told  Today  anchor Savannah Guthrie. And is that based on media reports?  Guthrie asked, referencing the Breitbart piece that had been circulating among Trump s staff just before his Twitter outburst. This is something we should look into, we d like to know for sure,  Sanders replied.  Look, the media has been extremely dismissive of this reporting and this potential story, while all the while being very happy to jump on all of the false attacks that have been launched at this president over the last six months. Just so we re clear on this one, specific point   is his information, that President Obama tapped his phone, based solely on something he read in the media?  Guthrie pressed. Look, I haven t had the chance to have that conversation directly with the president,  Sanders said.  He s got much higher classification than I [do], so he may have access to the documents that I don t know about. But I do know that we take this very seriously, and we think it should be thoroughly reviewed and investigated. But, of course, level of classification does not matter because the information came from a report by an outlet that serves as  the platform for the alt-right  (alt-right is the soft term for  Nazis ) according to White House chief strategist Steve Bannon when he was head honcho of the publication. Worse yet, the claim was based on the words of a known conspiracy theorist who now admits he can t back his allegations. But, like Trump, he says he really wants to know if Obama did tap Trump Tower s  wires. Despite the complete lack of evidence, Trump demanded that Republicans investigate Obama   and they say they will. Anything to distract from the very real problem of the Trump administration s troubling ties with Russia, right?Watch the exchange below: Is that the source of this information? Strictly from media reports & not from any other source?  @savannahguthrie asks @SarahHuckabee pic.twitter.com/8JKCVBwzc6  TODAY (@TODAYshow) March 6, 2017Featured image via screengrab",0
2273, ‘Cards Against Humanity’ Maker Has Amazingly Annoying Way To Force GOPers To Hold Town Halls,"Cards Against Humanity has to be one of the best card games ever. Also, its creator is likely one of the most creative human beings of our time. Therefore, it should come as no surprise that this individual, Max Temkin, would have a rather interesting way of contacting his Senator. Said Senator happens to be Ron Johnson (R-WI).Instead of letters, Temkin is sending potatoes to Senator Johnson. Each has a simple message:  Hold a Town Hall.  There is a very good reason for Temkin s going after Johnson specifically. The Senator threatened to have a veteran arrested if he persisted in his requests to hold a conversation with Johnson in person. The constituent, Earl Good, told local station Channel 58 the following of his efforts: The reason I reached out to Ron Johnson, I disagreed with several of the cabinet appointments that were made, and I was concerned about the Affordable Care Act, privatizing the veteran s administration, the Russian hacking. After he repeatedly tried and failed to speak to his Senator, Good received a cease and desist letter barring him from calling or visiting the premises of any of Johnson s offices.To that end, Temkin s campaign against Johnson was born. For just five dollars, you, too, can have a potato sent to Johnson for his horrible treatment of this constituent who so bravely served our nation in war. Here is Temkin s tweet, complete with a website where you can help with the avalanche of potatoes coming Johnson s way:Senator @RonJohnsonWI is a coward. Please send him a potato for $5: https://t.co/oBAjRrc2TF pic.twitter.com/aWjgtYK15B  Max Temkin (@MaxTemkin) March 3, 2017Temkin and his team further explain their efforts in a blog post on the Cards Against Humanity website:Senator Ron Johnson (R-WI) is refusing to hold a town hall meeting with his constituents. When one of his voters, a Vietnam veteran, called his office asking for a town hall, Johnson sent him a cease and desist letter.Legally, we re not allowed to call Senator Johnson a cruel idiot who doesn t understand how health insurance works. But we are allowed to mail thousands of potatoes to his office demanding that he listen to his constituents and hold a town hall meeting.For only $5, you can send a potato with your name on it to Senator Ron Johnson s office demanding that he hold a town hall meeting.Of course, Johnson is just the latest Republican who is being a coward and refusing to do his job and meet with constituents. The man is a disgrace. The least we can do is send him a potato. I think I ll head on over there and do it right now.Featured image via Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/Getty Images",0
2274, GOP Congressman DEMANDS The Federal Government Be Purged Of Anybody Who Disagrees With Trump,"One of the House of Representatives  more crazy members, Steve King, is fully on board Trump s train no matter how outlandish or insane he gets. In fact, Steve King thinks the government needs to be  purged of all dissenters    by which he means anybody who deviates from Trump s (often-changing) beliefs. An article appeared on the Conservative Review about this, and it s obvious that King believes the only way we can move forward is to purge everyone from the White House who doesn t likewise march in lockstep with the Trump train.The first paragraph of that ridiculous story says: At this point in the Obama administration, the newly-minted messiah had full control over every nook and cranny of the executive branch. There was not one morsel of dissent, much less sabotage percolating through the ranks of former GOP presidential appointees within the deep state of the various departments. Fast forward eight years and President Trump is at the cusp of losing control over his presidency if he doesn t immediately fire all of the Obama appointees. This is evidently something on which Steve King, an actual U.S. Representative, believes too. Otherwise why would he tweet the following:@RealDonaldTrump needs to purge Leftists from executive branch before disloyal, illegal & treasonist acts sink us. https://t.co/o1DYtgA7aL  Steve King (@SteveKingIA) March 6, 2017Leftists are disloyal why, Congressman King? Because they don t march in lockstep with Trump like you do? With Vladimir Putin, despite the fact that Russia is our enemy? And here we thought Republicans actually believed in freedom, including the freedom to, you know, have different ideas about stuff. First off, the Obama administration had plenty of dissent within its ranks. For instance, Congressional Democrats held Obama s former chief of staff, Rahm Emanuel, responsible for certain parts of the ACA that didn t pass Congress.Others strongly disagreed with how Obama was handling Syria. So,  Not one morsel of dissent?  OH PLEASE! Obama was not the dictator conservatives tried to brainwash into thinking he was.As evidence of that, we have Steve King, who s one of the worst right-wingers we ever elected to Congress. Republicans are supposed to support freedom, including freedom of anyone and everyone to disagree with the  president.  In this case, it s Trump, who lost the popular vote. King s ideas are the opposite of freedom   in fact, the support fascism, dictatorships, and even monarchies based on the antithesis of American freedom.Trump should welcome dissent   it would prevent tunnel vision and help him determine a course of action that s truly beneficial to the entire country. Instead, he s a dictator who only cares about how many agree with him and are willing to puff him up. King is one of those who would rather puff Trump up than do what s right for freedom and the country. If nothing else, calling for a purge of dissenters from the White House should disqualify him from every government job he ll ever hold.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
2275," DESPERATE: Trump Doubles Down On Wiretap Lie, Says He Will ‘Be Proven Right’","Usually, if you re in a hole you stop digging but not Donald Trump. The amateur president went on a tweetstorm yesterday, likely to deflect from his own scandals, to accuse Barack Obama of having his phones tapped during the campaign. Trump s newest conspiracy theory isn t going down well. Even Director James Comey asked the Justice Department to publicly reject Trump s claims. That Comey. The one who interfered with the election process by sending a letter to Congress suggesting that there was something the FBI had on Hillary Clinton. As it happens, it was all a ruse to help defeat Trump s Democratic opponent. We re sure Comey is rethinking his actions now.Still yet, Trump is doubling down on his fact-free conspiracy theory.The Hill reports:The CEO of Newsmax Media, known for having a relationship with President Trump, wrote on Sunday that Trump insists he will be proven right regarding his allegation of wiretaps at Trump Tower. I spoke with the President twice yesterday about the wiretap story. I haven t seen him this pissed off in a long time,  Christopher Ruddy wrote in an article for Newmax. When I mentioned Obama  denials  about the wiretaps, he shot back:  This will be investigated, it will all come out. I will be proven right,  he said.Again, there is zero proof of Trump s claims and a President cannot authorize a wiretap in this manner. Trump supporters, even CEOs, believe whatever the alleged president says. We re still waiting for Trump s team of investigators to get back from Hawaii to prove that Obama, America s first black president, did not legitimately hold the highest seat in the land. Trump dogged former president Barack Obama for years. He then went on to accuse Hillary Clinton of corruption. In both instances, Donald Trump was practicing projection which is something he now excels at.Photo by Jim Lo Scalzo   Pool/Getty Images.",0
2276," BREAKING: Republicans Embrace Trump’s Lies, Will Investigate ‘Campaign Surveillance’ As Part Of Russia Probe","On Sunday, Rep. Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) said that the House Intelligence Committee will investigate any alleged surveillance of political parties as part of its investigation into Russian interference in the election, according to The Hill. It s no surprise that Nunes is investigating alleged president Donald Trump s lie that Barack Obama had his phone wires tapped during the campaign. In late February, Nunes, who served as a member of Trump s transition team, resisted calls for his House committee to investigate alleged contacts between Trump associates and Russia. And now, he s going to investigate a baseless accusation from Trump in which the amateur president has offered no proof. Put a Benghazi in front of it, and former President Barack Obama will be investigated ad nauseum. One of the focus points of the House Intelligence Committee s investigation is the U.S. government s response to actions taken by Russian intelligence agents during the presidential campaign,  Nunes said in a statement. As such, the Committee will make inquiries into whether the government was conducting surveillance activities on any political party s campaign officials or surrogates, and we will continue to investigate this issue if the evidence warrants it,  he added.The Hill reports:The statement comes hours after White House press secretary Sean Spicer tweeted Trump s request for Congress to include his wiretapping claims in the Russia probe.A spokesman for Obama denied that the former president or any White House official ordered surveillance of the then-president-elect. It s also not within a President s power to order surveillance. It goes to a judge first and through the proper channels.Nunes, chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, recently joined ranking member Adam Schiff (D-Calif.) in laying out the parameters for the investigation into Russia s cyber activities, including links between Russia and any U.S. campaign officials.It s well documented by U.S Intelligence agencies that Russian President Vladimir Putin called for an influence campaign in an effort to help Trump win the White House. And Trump won. Trump still sings the praises of the Russian leader who is known for having his critics murdered.Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
2277, UNPRECEDENTED: FBI Asks DOJ To Confirm Trump Lied About ‘Wiretaps’ (DETAILS),"Following a series of unhinged tweets from Trump that accuse Obama of illegally spying on him during the election cycle, the intelligence community and the rest of the country have been in an uproar. Many are screaming for him to release his evidence or shut the hell up, and he appears unable to handle the growing scandal around him. But the FBI is doing something else. Director James Comey actually asked the Justice Department to publicly reject Trump s claims.Or, put another way, Comey just asked the DOJ to openly state that Trump lied to the American people.Comey says that the claim is false and must be corrected, and he would know because it was his agency that sought the warrant authorizing wiretapping from the FISA court. The FISA court granted the warrant back in October, after previously refusing to grant it over the summer. Comey is angry because Trump s claims suggest that the FBI broke the law.This is unprecedented   it s the FBI director issuing a public rebuke to a sitting president. The White House, however, isn t backing down because they don t back down on anything. Once Trump says something, the White House goes through all sorts of bizarre gyrations to back him up. We get that it s bad for White House spokespeople, aides and senior staff to contradict their boss, but this is ridiculous. This is something on which they should know better.While the DOJ has yet to actually issue a statement saying anything at all, it seems that this is something Trump can no longer handle. One of the rogue government accounts, Rogue POTUS Staff, says that Trump actually seems to be traumatized by the unfolding scandal   he can t cope with it at all:We re not making light of anything. POTUS seems actually traumatized by recent spate of Russiagate coverage. He can t cope right now.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) March 5, 2017In the end, it doesn t really matter if he s unable to cope with an unfolding scandal the size of Watergate (or big enough to blow Watergate out of the sky). He lied to the public, and the FBI and DOJ both need to publicly say so, along with including the recordings from the taps in their investigations.Photo of James Comey by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images. Photo of Donald Trump by Jim Lo Scalzo   Pool/Getty Images.",0
2278, White House Officials CONFIRM: Trump Got His Story About Obama Tapping His ‘Wires’ Directly From Breitbart,"Donald Trump has access to a wealth of information as President, but seems content relying on Breitbart and other slimy right-wing propaganda mills as the sole source of what he thinks are facts. Recently, The Donald dissolved into a complete mess after a Breitbart article began circulating among his staff that claimed Obama tapped Trump Tower s  wires    something the President, no matter whom it is, can not do. To clear up the confusion, CNN s Jake Tapper reached out to Trump administration officials, and it turns out that, yes, the situation is just as stupid as it seems. Donald Trump did get his  news  from Breitbart, not the wealth of government information to which he has access. WH officials with whom I spoke said POTUS got the info about wiretap from media   Breitbart, Levin   not from govt sources,  Tapper tweeted Sunday.WH officials with whom I spoke said POTUS got the info about wiretap from media   Breitbart, Levin   not from govt sources.  Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) March 5, 2017 Obviously FBI/DOJ wiretap of POTUS would be HUGE story. One illegally ordered by previous POTUS even bigger. BUT WH officials have no proof,  he added.Obviously FBI/DOJ wiretap of POTUS would be HUGE story. One illegally ordered by previous POTUS even bigger. BUT WH officials have no proof  Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) March 5, 2017Tapper says that most reporters are  digging on this  but everyone to whom they have spoken in the intelligence community, like the rest of us, has no idea what the f*ck Trump is talking about.  Moreover we cannot pretend we haven t been here before, w/POTUS putting out wild accusations that are untethered to reality,  Tapper adds, listing a few examples of many.  Obama s birth certificate/ Vaccines/ Ted Cruz s father & Lee Harvey Oswald / crowd sizes/ Vince Foster / Murder rate / 3-5 illegal votes. 4/Moreover we cannot pretend we haven't been here before, w/POTUS putting out wild accusations that are untethered to reality.  Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) March 5, 20175/Obama's birth certificate/ Vaccines/ Ted Cruz's father & Lee Harvey Oswald / crowd sizes/ Vince Foster / Murder rate / 3-5 illegal votes  Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) March 5, 2017 In any case, will continue to report. WH call for Congress to find evidence of POTUS claim with  no further comment  is not proof,  Tapper says, adding that he has requested an interview with President Obama to clear the matter up (which totally needs to happen and promises to be hilarious).Journalists are not alone in being baffled by Trump s ridiculous claim that the former President ordered a wiretap which, once again, he could not do. On Sunday, vocal Obama opponent Marco Rubio said he has no idea where Trump s claim comes from either. I m not sure what it is he is talking about,  Rubio says.  Perhaps the President has information that is not yet available to us or to the public. And if it s true, obviously we re going to find out very quickly. And if it isn t, then obviously he ll have to explain what he meant by it. Unfortunately, as Tapper notes, the information wasn t a closely-held government secret. It was the result of the ravings of a known far-Right conspiracy theorist who has admitted he doesn t even have the evidence to back his claims; he just wants to see Obama investigated.President Obama should do the interview. He s so past the point of caring what these idiots think that it should be hilarious.Featured image via Getty Images",0
2279, Trump Lost His Damn Mind Over The Sessions Recusal For Exactly ONE GIANT Reason,"Trump lost his marbles on Friday, letting loose on his senior staff over Jeff Sessions recusing himself from any and all Department of Justice investigations into Russia. It s kind of strange   the investigations should go forward properly regardless of who s in charge. Or would they? Trump may not have thought so until Sessions recused himself and put Acting Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente, an Obama appointee, in charge of those investigations.Boente gives the Senate Judiciary Committee powerful leverage to demand a special prosecutor now, because Trump s nominee for Deputy Attorney General, Rod Rosenstein, will have his confirmation hearings this month. The Judiciary Committee could press him to commit to appointing a special prosecutor to investigate Trump and Russia before voting to send his confirmation to the full Senate.If they manage to do that, Russia will probably blow up. If they don t manage to do that, it s possible that the Judiciary Committee won t vote to send Rosenstein to the full Senate, which leaves Boente in charge. The kicker is that Boente, as an Obama appointee, is less likely to fall under Trump s influence.There s historical precedence for the Judiciary Committee to demand such a commitment from a nominee of a corrupt president, too. In 1973, during the unfolding Watergate scandal, Nixon nominated his former Secretary of Defense, Elliot Richardson, for Attorney General. The Judiciary Committee not only demanded Richardson commit to a special prosecutor for Watergate, they demanded he name the person he d appoint before they would vote on his confirmation.Richardson did, and both he and his pick, Archibald Cox, were grilled on just how independent Cox would be in pursuing Watergate.Richardson was confirmed, Cox was appointed, and then Nixon began pressuring Richardson to fire Cox because Cox was getting too close to the truth.What happened with Nixon, Richardson, Cox, and the entire Watergate scandal, are why we need a special prosecutor with broad independent authority now. Trump has accused Obama of illegally wiretapping him, yet apparently, the FBI was able to get a FISA warrant for such tapping back in October. That means there are recordings that are not illegal. Those recordings probably contain damning evidence and need to be investigated, if not outright released.Trump s ire suggests that he s terrified of what those recordings, along with other mounting evidence, will reveal. The more damning those recordings, the more he ll play the victim and act like everything would be just fine if Obama s FBI had just left him and his campaign alone.Maybe Trump thought Sessions would prevent all of this. After all, Sessions lied to the Senate about his own contact with Russia while working on Trump s campaign as a top foreign policy adviser. Or maybe he just thought Sessions would resist calls to appoint a special prosecutor to look into the growing Russia scandal and do it himself, under direction from Trump himself.Trump projects endlessly. Every accusation he levels is something of which he, himself, is either guilty or afraid. In this case, it s likely fear. Besides Sessions, disgraced National Security Adviser, General Michael Flynn, lied about contact with Russia. Trump s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, was present for some of that. Two of Trump s other campaign advisers, Carter Page and J.D. Gordon, likewise had contact with Russia. Paul Manafort, who had a brief stint as Trump s campaign manager, has business dealings with pro-Russia leaders in Ukraine.And yet, the Trump administration has vehemently denied any contacts with Russia at all during the campaign, while also saying that contact was brief, fleeting, informal, and innocuous. If so, then why lie like this? Trump s frightened as hell right now. A DOJ under an Obama appointee could easily be his undoing, and he knows it.Featured image by Win McNamee via Getty Images",0
2280, Man Behind Trump’s Insane Claim That Obama Tapped His ‘Wires’ Just Admitted He Made Sh*t Up (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is now demanding that any probe into his administration s connections to Russia also include a probe into his wild allegation that President Obama tapped his  wires  in Trump Tower. This dubious claim seems to have originated with a Breitbart article that had been circulating among White House staff. The article in question claimed that President Obama had ordered a wiretap under the Foreign intelligence Surveillance Act, which allows a secret court to authorize surveillance in cases that involve agents of foreign powers   in this case, Trump and two Russian banks.The article heavily referenced claimed made by conspiracy theorist Mark Levin on his far-Right radio show that  we absolutely know this is true  that Obama was monitoring Trump s team during the campaign. But now that his ridiculous allegations are being scrutinized by people who aren t completely batsh*t insane, Levin is doing everything he can to walk them back while still maintaining credibility with the Stupid Part of America.During an appearance on Fox News Sunday, Levin called for a release of FISA court applications that may or may not exist as well as all of the daily presidential intelligence briefings for the last  year or so.  He added that this massive conspiracy that suddenly popped up when the Russia situation was becoming too much for the Trump Team to handle wasn t limited to Obama. Every single Democrat, according to Levin, was involved in trying to take Trump down.Asked about the level of President Obama s involvement, Levin gave himself a huge  out :I m not Nostradamus here. I just think that we ought to find out.In other words, he is pulling his claims out of thin air. Via a spokesperson, President Obama cleared up his level of involvement on Saturday   There wasn t any. A cardinal rule of the Obama administration was that no White House official ever interfered with any independent investigation led by the Department of Justice,  the spokesman said. As part of that practice, neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered surveillance on any U.S. citizen. Donald Trump is being attacked for [the accusations] he tweeted,  Levin said, failing to note that he was the source of those allegations.  Donald Trump is the victim, his campaign is the victim, his transition team is the victim, his surrogates are the victim. These are police state tactics. To some degree, Levin is correct   but not in the way he thinks. Trump has recently been demanding investigations of his critics. Members of his administration have also threatened to  investigate  journalists who do not write nice things about The Donald. One Trump administration member confirmed that President Asterisk was compiling  dossiers  on journalists he views as unfriendly. All of these things could very accurately be described as  police state tactics    but we re guessing Levin meant something about his favorite bogeyman, Barack Obama.Levin admits there is no basis for his claim but that doesn t matter to Donald Trump or conservatives at large. By making the allegation knowing that people who can only be described as  idiots  would eat up, the Republicans are demanding answers   and they will not be satisfied with any that do not paint Barack Obama as the monster they have known him to be ever since they realized he was black.Featured image via screengrab",0
2281, Trump Is DELUSIONAL: What He Just Said About His ‘Support’ Rallies Is BEYOND Fantasy (TWEET),"It can easily be said that Donald Trump doesn t live in reality. He lives in his own world filled with delusion and a narrative that he s created on his own. Why? Who knows, really. Maybe because his fragile ego doesn t allow him to see the fact that he lost the popular vote by three million votes and the majority of America doesn t like him at all.Since Trump took office there have been protests nationwide to let him know that both he and his agenda are not welcome. These protests have garnered millions of people outraged and offended that he s in the Oval Office, especially knowing that his campaign allegedly colluded with Russia to put him there.To make his ego feel better, Trump supporters, the vile bunch that they are, decided that they would come out on March 4, and throw  support rallies  for Trump.Let s not forget that this was at his request:Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 25, 2017So, his supporters listened, jumped on their motorized scooters with American flag decals, and  rallied  for their supreme leader. Then, after a handful of people showed up in a number of places in varying states, Trump decided in his own delusional brain that this was  tremendous support    you know, whatever helps him sleep at night.He wrote on Twitter: Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again! Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 5, 2017However, while there was support, it was far from tremendous. Calling it moderate would even be far too generous.Here are some images from his  tremendous  rallies:WEST PALM BEACH, FL   MARCH 04: People show their support for President Donald Trump near his Mar-a-Lago resort home on March 4, 2017 in West Palm Beach, Florida. President Trump spent part of the weekend at the house. (Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images)WEST PALM BEACH, FL   MARCH 04: Madi Page shows her support for President Donald Trump near his Mar-a-Lago resort home on March 4, 2017 in West Palm Beach, Florida. President Trump spent part of the weekend at the house. (Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images)OLYMPIA, WA   MARCH 4: Supporter Chuck Prater of Tacoma, Washington takes part in the March 4 Trump rally on March 4, 2017 in Olympia, Washington. At the mostly peaceful rally for U.S. President Donald Trump, officials estimated there were approximately 200 supporters and 125 protesters. (Photo by Stephen Brashear/Getty Images)Marching for trump #March4Trump CT pic.twitter.com/wurkEOQRW3  ??Kathy Jean ?? (@Kathrynjeansays) March 4, 2017 Thousands attended #March4Trump Miami rally .thousands attended. @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/8ApJz4clnx  veronica arias (@vero00) March 4, 2017More people even seemed to be at these rallies to protest Trump than support him:Arrests made after some 'March 4 Trump' rallies turn violent https://t.co/Z1ysDxNcuW pic.twitter.com/Sj3AYAa4lX  Fox News (@FoxNews) March 5, 2017With several fights breaking out:Follow @EastBayTimes and @mercnews for other streams guys. The fight is getting serious here. pic.twitter.com/skJD9UVhbU  Aaron Davis (@BaronBavis) March 4, 2017But look, guys, his ego seems satisfied, and that s really all that matters, right?WEST PALM BEACH, FL   MARCH 04: US President Donald Trump waves from his vehicle as he stops while being driven past supporters near his Mar-a-Lago resort home on March 4, 2017 in West Palm Beach, Florida. President Trump spent part of the weekend at the house. (Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images)Sad!Featured Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
2282, WATCH: Former Director Of National Intelligence SHREDS Trump Claim That Obama Wiretapped Him,"Donald Trump has absolutely no evidence that President Obama wiretapped him, and former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper knows it.On Saturday, Trump made wild accusations against President Obama after reading a conspiracy theory on Breitbart.Trump says that Obama illegally wiretapped Trump Tower and compared it to Watergate. On Sunday, Trump demanded that Congress start an investigation against Obama and declared that he would refuse to answer further questions about Russia until they comply.Of course, Trump is clearly trying to distract the media and Congress from investigating the Russia scandal he has been embroiled in for months.While there is plenty of evidence against Trump to justify investigations into his ties to Russia, Trump has offered no proof to back up his accusations against Obama.And if anyone would know about a wiretap against Trump, whether legal or illegal, it would be former National Intelligence Director James Clapper, who served in the position from 2010 until this year.During an interview with Chuck Todd, Clapper flatly denied that President Obama wiretapped Trump.Todd began by asking if he would have been aware of such a wiretap and Clapper shut down the accusation. I would certainly hope so,  Clapper replied.  I will say that the part of the national security apparatus that I oversaw   the DNI   there was no such wiretap activity mounted against the president   the president-elect at that time or as a candidate   or against his campaign. When asked if other agencies would have requested a FISA court order to wiretap Trump Tower, Clapper said that that s exactly what they would do.In the end, Clapper told Todd that he can clearly deny that President Obama ordered a wiretap of Trump Tower because it did not happen. I can deny it,  Clapper said.Here s the video via Twitter.James Clapper:  There was no such wire tap activity amounted against  Donald Trump. #MTP pic.twitter.com/eNGFKe0vxY  Meet the Press (@MeetThePress) March 5, 2017President Obama should file a lawsuit against Trump. By not providing any evidence of his claims, Trump is slandering President Obama s good name and there should be consequences for these wild unfounded accusations.If Trump is willing to stoop this low to distract from his Russia scandal, then he must be really desperate. That means Congress should be investigating Trump, not Obama.Featured image via screenshot",0
2283, Morning Joe TRASHES Trump For Smearing President Obama With Wiretap Accusations,"Donald Trump is desperately trying to shift focus away from his Russia scandal by accusing President Obama of wiretapping him, and Joe Scarborough just slammed him for it.On Saturday, Trump threw a Twitter tantrum claiming that President Obama wiretapped Trump Tower after reading a conspiracy theory on Breitbart. Trump did not offer a single shred of evidence to back up his accusations and still has not done so.Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my  wires tapped  in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017Again, Trump is repeating something he read on Breitbart and he offered ZERO proof.On Sunday morning, Trump released a statement declaring that he won t comment on the Russia scandal any further until Congress investigates Obama.In short, Trump is acting like a petulant child who holds their breath until they get their way.Joe Scarborough is absolutely shocked that Trump would make such accusations against a former president and proceeded to trash him on Twitter for disgracing the office and the nation.Did Trump trash the 44th President and slime American democracy based on a conspiracy theory pushed on talk radio and website? That s sick. pic.twitter.com/41vwtB9QNS  Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) March 5, 2017Did Steve Bannon slip the offending article into Trump s hands to set the president swirling into a rage? That toxic mix undermines America. pic.twitter.com/1BhxE30pzc  Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) March 5, 2017Trump is not about the Republican Party. Trump is about Trump. https://t.co/1RYvBYwMUD  Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) March 5, 2017This is a serious accusation Trump is leveling against President Obama and with no evidence to back up his claims this amounts to slander. President Obama should file a lawsuit against Trump and if Republicans start a witch hunt against President Obama instead of investigating Trump s Russia scandal they will have demonstrated that they are incapable of doing their jobs and that they are more interested in protecting themselves and their power than they are about justice and America s reputation.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2284, Former Defense Secretary: Trump’s Paranoid Claims ‘Make Us Vulnerable’ To Our Enemies (VIDEO),"Former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta explained on Sunday why Donald Trump s paranoid claims that former President Obama wiretapped Trump Tower are so troubling.During an interview with CBS s Face The Nation, the ex-CIA director said that Trump s baseless accusations are dangerous and threaten the safety of the United States. Every time these things happen, every time he tweets, every time these issues come up that indicate that there s obviously something to this Russian issue and the administration is not cooperating,  Panetta said. When that happens, when he accuses a past president of wiretapping without any evidence of that being the case, it makes us vulnerable. It weakens the United States and it makes us vulnerable to our enemies. That s the danger. According to Panetta, Trump is  sending a terrible message out there  and leaders around the world are very concerned. They re concerned about whether he truly is going to be committed to the kind of world leadership that we ve seen the United States provide,  he said.Trump sent out a tweet on Saturday claiming that Obama had his  wires tapped.  He has offered zero evidence for this allegation and U.S. officials have lined up to tell him that he s out of his ever-loving mind and nobody  tapped  his stupid  wires.  But as usual, Trump and his administration have continued to cling to their bogus accusations with a total disregard for the truth.Watch the former secretary of defense explain how Trump is making us more vulnerable to our enemies with his absurdities, here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
2285, Trump CHILDISHLY Demands Congress Investigate Obama And Will Hold His Breath Until They Do,"Petulant child Donald Trump released a statement on Sunday morning demanding that Congress investigate President Obama.On Saturday, Trump took to Twitter and openly accused President Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower without providing a shred of evidence to back up his claim.Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my  wires tapped  in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017Is it legal for a sitting President to be  wire tapping  a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017I d bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017Of course, Trump is just trying to distract everyone from focusing on his Russia scandal by making an outrageous accusation to shift the story.But now Trump is going even further by demanding an investigation and even declared that he won t comment on Russia anymore until he gets what he wants.You know, like a toddler who holds their breath until they get the candy bar they want at the store. Reports concerning potentially politically motivated investigations immediately ahead of the 2016 election are very troubling,  Trump said in a statement issued by the White House. President Donald J. Trump is requesting that as part of their investigation into Russian activity, the congressional intelligence committees exercise their oversight authority to determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016. Neither the White House nor the President will comment further until such oversight is conducted. If Republicans actually start a witch hunt against President Obama instead of investigating Trump s obvious ties to Russia it will be clear that they are incapable of doing their jobs.Trump literally repeated what he read on Breitbart and now he is desperately hoping that Congress and the media will focus on President Obama instead of the ever-growing Russia scandal he and his administration are embroiled in.The American people should be outraged.Featured Image: Wonkette",0
2286," Conservative Columnist Asks CRUCIAL Question About Trump’s State Of Mind, And We NEED An Answer","The Wall Street Journal is anything but liberal, and most of its columnists are likewise anything but liberal. But this not-at-all liberal publication does have writers, reporters and columnists who can see reality, and one sees the reality of Trump s deteriorating mental state to the point where he actually called it out. Yes, a Wall Street Journal columnist literally went there on the state of Trump s mind.Bret Stephens, the columnist in question, asked Twitter something interesting: When will Republicans acknowledge that the President of the United States is mentally ill? He then linked to a WSJ story about Trump s latest tantrum, which includes accusing former President Obama of wiretapping him during his campaign. He likened the activity to both Watergate and McCarthyism, but failed to produce any evidence. It s illegal for the President of the United States to order wiretaps   in fact, the FISA court (which grants or denies warrants for just such surveillance) very likely would not go along with a presidential  order  to grant a warrant for tapping someone.He also called Obama a  bad (or sick) guy,  for it:How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017Trump quickly drew the ire of Republicans and Democrats alike with that, and many are rightfully calling on him to produce his evidence or shut the fuck up. Stephens, fed up, was essentially doing the same thing, but he caught a lot of flak for saying Trump is mentally ill without a degree in psychology or evaluating Trump himself. That perpetuates the stigma against mental illness.Because of that, he later deleted his tweet (but screencaps live forever):The truth is that we do need an answer about Trump s state of mind soon. How stable is Donald Trump? His behavior does suggest a serious problem. There are any number of things that this could be (that may or may not be mental illness), but nobody can address this without knowing what it is.Featured image by Jim Lo Scalzo via Getty Images",0
2287, Democrats Across The Country Are Figuring Out Ways To FORCE Trump To Release His Tax Returns,"Every major party presidential candidate in the last 40 years has released his or her tax returns, except for two. One was Gerald Ford and the other was Donald Trump. Trump, who s completely embroiled in a scandal surrounding ties to Russia, may soon be forced, at court or congressional order, to release his returns, but if that doesn t happen, Democrats at the state level might be forcing Trump s hand.State legislatures are now proposing measures that would ban any candidates from their ballots who don t release tax returns. Tax return information would provide some transparency there to give voters the assurance that they need that the president is acting on behalf of us,  said Kathleen Clyde, an Ohio state representative who recently introduced a version of the bill.  It is problematic that he is the only candidate in 30 or 40 years not to provide that information. Clyde s bill, the Tax Returns Uniformly Made Public Act   the TRUMP Act   would require candidates for president and vice president to disclose five years of tax documents to Ohio s Secretary of State, who would then post the documents online. Only after a candidate disclosed the tax information would he or she qualify for the ballot in one of the nation s most hotly contested battlegrounds.Similar measures requiring candidates to file with Secretary of State offices have been introduced in California, Oregon and Tennessee. Candidates would be required to file tax documents with state boards of election under bills filed in Illinois, Maryland, New York and Rhode Island.Source: The HillSo far, 19 states are considering similar bills and not all of them are blue, but it s probably that only blue states will pass the bills, if at all.Elections, even national elections, are run by the states. Nationally, there are only two qualifications to run for President: The candidate must be at least 35-years-old and must be a natural born citizen. None of the rest matters in the eyes of the law. That s why Trump didn t have to release his tax returns to begin with.However, states have more latitude. For example, in many states, candidates must receive a minimum number of signatures on a petition before being allowed on a ballot, although that typically applies to non-major party candidates. Still, states can impose rules like filing fees and deadlines, although it s still not clear that forcing candidates to release tax returns will pass constitutional muster.Even if this passes in a few states, Trump could still, if he doesn t implode, win reelection if he wins enough red states. In theory, he could win without a single vote in our most populous state (California), as long as he won the Electoral College. Let s hope these bills do pass to prevent a future Trump, but first, let s pressure Congress to force Trump s hand right now.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
2288, Trump Just Told The Military To Do What It Wants In The Middle East,"Is there some specific reason we have someone in the White House who s willing to let the military do what it wants in terms of strikes? On Friday, it was discovered that Trump literally granted our military commanders permission to order attacks in countries that don t have much of an American military presence very shortly after he took over the White House. This means that they can carry out strikes without first having to get approval from the White House, which supposedly has military strategists who know what s going on.The first units to carry out attacks without approval from the White House were, of course, in Yemen. Yemen is where we botched a raid that yielded absolutely nothing and resulted in the death of a Navy SEAL. While that raid didn t fall under this new authority, subsequent operations could result in similar disasters. The new authority, according to The Hill, is intended to accelerate the fight against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (a.k.a. AQAP).Navy Captain Jeff Davis says he doesn t want to telegraph future operations in explaining how this works, but, in short,  this is part of a plan to go after a very real threat, to ensure they are defeated and denied the opportunity to plot and carry out terrorist attacks from ungoverned spaces. Like Yemen? Is Trump allowing them to just do what they want or do they still have to have solid intelligence before they strike? The reason the Yemen raid was such a disaster is because the White House didn t have solid intelligence and they didn t have a solid plan. While it sounds good to turn that authority over to military commanders in the regions we supposedly want to control, the question is, do they have the knowledge they need to succeed in any attacks they decide to carry out?The kicker here is that Trump has given this overarching authority to military commanders in areas where we don t have much of a presence, and therefore, probably don t have much in the way of the intelligence we need to make successful strikes. That means we have to be more careful. Trump doesn t want to be careful. He wants to abdicate a responsibility so he can what play golf and not think about it?It s not that our military commanders are incompetent. Far from it. The problem is letting them act on, well, pretty much anything, despite limited information. It could get us in a ton of trouble with the rest of the world.Featured image by Olivier Douliery via Getty Images",0
2289, ANOTHER Russian With Ties To Trump Just Dropped Dead,"While Donald Trump s team, one by one, is being connected to Russia in secretive and perhaps illegal ways, a story that s going largely unreported in American media is the fact that seven, yes seven, Russian diplomats and businessmen have dropped dead since the American presidential election.Conspiracy theorists are coming up with a lot of answers, and officially, there are a lot of unanswered questions, especially when you take into account Vladimir Putin s habit of (allegedly) killing people. Some have tried (so far unsuccessfully) to draw the line between the deaths and Trump. The latest death, though, is more specifically linked to Donald Trump.The internet found out about the death of Alex Oronov on Saturday. Josh Marshall at Talking Points Memo has been following the connection since before Oronov died, but put simply, Oronov is a friend, family member and business associate of Donald Trump s attorney:Last week I wrote about Michael Cohen and his extensive network of personal and business relationships in the Ukrainian-American emigre community. One of those was a man named Alex Oronov, who runs a major agribusiness concern in Ukraine. Oronov was a partner in the ethanol business Cohen and Cohen s brother Bryan set up in Ukraine about a decade ago. Oronov is Bryan Cohen s father-in-law. Today we learned that Oronov apparently organized that  peace plan  meeting that brought together Ukrainian MP Artemenko, Cohen and Felix Sater. About four hours ago Andrii Artemenko, the Ukrainian parliamentarian who came to New York with that  peace plan , went on Facebook to announce that Alex Oronov has died.Cohen, who is describe by Marshall as Trump s  right hand man,  is also involved in business with Trump. He and his family have purchases at least 12 apartments in Trump buildings. Donald Trump Jr. admitted in 2008 that a lot of Trump s assets came from Russia. Cohen may be the facilitator.We know from public records that in the last decade Trump became highly dependent on money from the former Soviet Union, both to finance mega-projects like Trump SoHo but also as a source of buyers of apartment units at Trump high-rises in New York City, Florida and other locales (The Cohen brothers and their families are purchasers of at least 12 apartments in Trump buildings   11, according to a 2006 article in The New York Post and one owned by the Oronovs, according to Florida public records.) Donald Trump, Jr. said famously in 2008 that  Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets. We see a lot of money pouring in from Russia .Cohen and his extended family appear to have been part of that flow of luxury apartment purchases from people from the former Soviet Union. And Cohen himself joined the Trump Organization in the period when Trump s reliance on investment capital from the former Soviet Union for projects like Trump Soho moved into high gear.As for Oronov, he is one of four deaths that are connected to Trump. This isn t intended to imply that Trump was involved in their deaths, but there s no doubt that things are getting weirder and weirder every single day.Featured image of Vladimir Putin via Sean Gallup/Getty Images | Featured image of Donald Trump via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2290, Saturday Night Live Takes On GOP Cowardice In Stunningly Accurate Faux Movie Trailer (VIDEO),"As we all live in the nightmarish hellscape that is the Donald Trump presidency is the fact that Congressional Republicans are flat-out refusing to stand up to Donald Trump s insanity. They know he is mentally unstable, corrupt, incompetent, and dangerous. However, they also are drunk with power while holding every branch of government. If they can get him to be a rubber stamp for their agenda, they don t care about doing what is right for the country. They only care about what they want.Well, there is one show that is not afraid to hammer this unpatriotic and dangerous insanity: Saturday Night Live. In the newest episode of the parody show, the producers came up with a brilliant faux movie trailer entitled  TBD.  It starts by portraying an accurate account of what we are all going through under Trump s regime right now, with phrases like,  a nation divided,  and  a president with unchecked power.  Then, it moves to different scenarios of one brave Republican member of Congress speaking out against the president. In each segment, that person s identity and statements against Trump are  TBD. In the  reviews  segment, it even takes a shot of infamously spineless House Speaker Paul Ryan when its Rolling Stone  review  says: it s definitely NOT about Paul Ryan. This is awesomely funny, but it s also chillingly accurate. Oh, if only SNL could shame the GOP into doing what is right.Watch the video below:Courage, Compassion, Country: The TBD Story. This was a classic. #SNL pic.twitter.com/QJGzhXrQfN  Colin Jones (@colinjones) March 5, 2017Featured image via video screen capture",0
2291, NY Daily News Runs Most Explosive Trump Cover Yet; Says What We’re All Thinking (IMAGE),"The New York Daily News has never been subtle with their covers. This is especially true when the subject of said covers is Donald Trump. Therefore, it comes as no surprise that its Sunday cover will be one of its most explosive yet, considering that Trump spent his Saturday leveling an extraordinary claim at President Barack Obama: That Obama tapped the phones at Trump Tower during the presidential campaign.On the cover, the Daily News shows an unhinged photo of Trump, with a huge headline reading  NUTS!  Underneath are bullet points highlighting Trump s Saturday Twitter insanity and baseless claims. Here is the image, via Twitter:Tomorrow's front page NUTS!@realDonaldTrump claims Obama tapped his phones before election https://t.co/B1yJ9KalPd pic.twitter.com/cr2NgJ3UqH  New York Daily News (@NYDailyNews) March 5, 2017The  NUTS!  part is most important, of course. We can no longer afford to ignore a very important fact: The man currently occupying the Oval Office is dangerously unhinged. His behavior becomes more outrageous and erratic every day. He lies pathologically, peddles conspiracy theories, threatens the free press, decries any story he doesn t like as  fake news,  and holds his officials hostage and forces them to lie repeatedly to the American public as well.There have been some brave souls in Congress who have openly questioned the president s mental stability   most notably Rep. Ted Lieu (D-CA), Senator Bernie Sanders (I-VT), and Rep. Karen Bass (D-CA). However, the Democrats are not in control, so they can do nothing to put safeguards in place to keep Trump s instability from endangering the nation even more than he has already. So, it s time for the GOP to step up and put country before party, and admit that they know that Donald Trump is stark raving mad and has no business being president.Until then, thank you journalists at papers like the New York Daily News for speaking truth to power. It just might be the Fourth Estate that saves us after all.Featured image via Olivier Douliery   Pool/Getty Images",0
2292, ‘Go Back To Your Own Country’: Right-Wing Bigot Shoots Man In Fit Of Anti-Immigrant Rage,"Donald Trump s presidency has inspired many bigot to come out of the woodwork and commit acts of violence against those they perceive as not belonging in  their  country. The latest incidence of this was the case of a man of the Sikh faith who lives outside Seattle, Washington in the town of Kent, being shot in his own driveway by a man who told him to  go back to [your] own country. The victim is a 39-year-old man who was working on his car in his yard, minding his own business. According to the Washington Post, a stranger approached the man unprovoked. He was reportedly clad in a mask and was carrying a loaded gun. The criminal is described as a white male, roughly six feet tall. When he invaded the man s property, some kind of confrontation ensued, and then the man told the victim,  go back to your own country,  before shooting said victim in the arm.The name of the victim has not been given to the press, and the perpetrator is still at large. Kent police are considering that this is a possible hate crime.Kent police chief says dept. is investigating last night's shooting as a possible hate crime against member of Sikh community. pic.twitter.com/pLcWsobvm4  Ryan Takeo (@RyanTakeoK5) March 4, 2017This act of violence also comes on the heels of two Indian men being shot by a white man with similar anti-immigrant sentiments, with one of them being killed. Another man was also wounded when he tried to stop the murderous act.Anyone who thinks this has nothing to do with Donald Trump s hateful rhetoric is deluded at this point. Trump s own hatred, and blatant appeals to white supremacists and other fringe bigots has emboldened the worst and the most violent among us. He has given them permission to openly hate again, and they are acting on it, full stop. Donald Trump and his followers are literally getting people killed. He and his administration have blood on their hands, but of course they will never admit it.Featured image via Yana Paskova/Getty Images",0
2293, GOP Rep Asks Muslim High School Students: ‘Do You Beat Your Wife?’ (VIDEO),"A GOP lawmaker in Oklahoma raised more than a few eyebrows when before speaking to a group of Muslim high school students, he presented them with a questionnaire that represented the worst about Islamophobia. He even asked them,  Do you beat your wife? In Oklahoma, there s an annual Muslim Day at the Capitol, which is hosted by the Council on American-Islamic Relations. Students from Tulsa s private school for Muslims called the Peace Academy wanted to visit the office of Rep. John Bennett, but before he would meet with them, they were supposed to fill out a questionnaire from a hate group.That s according to Adam Soltani, executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations of Oklahoma, who posted a video to Facebook shortly after the incident occurred Thursday. I just have been informed by some of our community members that Rep. John Bennett   who in my opinion, at this point, doesn t even deserve to be called a representative   is refusing to meet with Muslims unless they answer questions from an Islamophobic hate group called Act For America,  Soltani said in the video.Source: Huffington PostHere s some of the questionnaire:Here s the video by Adam Soltani:Bennett hasn t responded, but even beyond the fact that this is a bigoted questionnaire, this was directed at high school students!While it s tempting to blame this on Donald Trump, the hate enabler, Bennett has been on the hate train for quite a while. In 2014, he denied that there were moderate Muslims and said that 90 percent of Islam is violent.Here s that video:Bennett, it seems, should be reminded that the vast majority of victims of terrorists are themselves Muslim. In this country, Muslims are far more likely to be victims of terrorism (hate crimes) than to initiate terrorism, but we ll never hear that from the occupant of the White House. Instead, Republicans will just spread the idea that high school students might beat their wives.Featured image via video screen capture",0
2294," Lindsey Graham DEFENDS Obama, Drops BOMBSHELL On Trump That Will Destroy Him (VIDEO)","Donald Trump is getting more screwed over by the Republicans as the days go on. They had originally wanted to use him to advance the GOP s motives, but now that they see how batsh*t crazy he is, many conservatives want nothing to do with him.We saw a perfect example of this on Saturday morning, when GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham condemned Trump s latest Twitter meltdown, and it was absolutely brutal. Graham basically stood behind former President Barack Obama and trashed Trump for accusing the last respectable POTUS of wiretapping his phones in the Trump Tower before the election.Graham has previously spoken out against Trump, and has rarely minced his words when warning Americans about the loose cannon we now have in the White House. In the town hall, Graham blatantly stated that what Trump was alleging might end up being the biggest scandal we ve seen in decades. Graham said: The President of the United States is claiming that the former President of the United States ordered wiretapping of his campaign last year. I don t know if it s true or not, but if it is true, illegally, it would be the biggest political scandal since Watergate. This statement was met with shouts and screams, and Graham had to beg the rowdy crowd to settle down so he could continue. Offering another take on what Trump had done, he said: If the former President of the United States was able to obtain a warrant lawfully to monitor the Trump campaign for violating law, that would be the biggest scandal since Watergate. Graham went on, explaining that Trump had just done himself a MAJOR disservice, and his Twitter meltdown may have very serious consequences. I m very worried that our president is suggesting that the former president has done something illegal. I would be very worried if, in fact, the Obama Administration was able to obtain a warrant lawfully about Trump campaign activity with foreign governments. This would hardly be the first time Trump s pathetic attempt to make someone look bad backfired. You can watch Graham defend Obama below:.@LindseyGrahamSC responds to Donald Trump s claim that Obama wiretapped him https://t.co/phnWHeCO7J https://t.co/e8kvKJUC6Y  CNN (@CNN) March 4, 2017Featured image via Scott Olson and Drew Angerer / Getty Images",0
2295, Pence Does His Best Trump Impression; DEMANDS Apology From AP Over Email Story (DETAILS),"Donald Trump s number two man, Mike Pence, has largely been seen as the antithesis to Trump s erratic, bombastic, authoritarian style of governing. However, Pence is crazy in his own way. He s a theocrat who wants to usher in mandatory Evangelical Christianity and force it upon all Americans. What s really scary is that he is so quiet about it that most people don t know what kind of monster Pence really is until they do a bit of research and discover his horrifying beliefs. Well, all that may be changing, and we might have the Associated Press to thank for it.By now, everyone knows that it turns out that while he was Governor of Indiana, Pence used a private AOL email address to conduct sensitive government business   and the email was actually hacked. This is amazingly hypocritical, considering the fact that Republicans everywhere   including Trump and Pence, of course   hammered Hillary Clinton relentlessly, and even had their crowds screaming  LOCK HER UP!    all for doing the exact same thing that Pence has just been caught doing. The hypocrisy here defies description.The plot of the whole thing thickens, because it appears that the AP repeatedly asked for transcripts of Pence s secret emails that were not released to the public. As a result, in the story of Pence s email scandal, Pence s wife, Karen Pence, had her private email address published. This, of course, has Pence beside himself with rage. He is now trying to bully the AP into an apology, Trump-style.Mark Paoletta, Pence s White House counsel, sent the following directive to the AP: The publication of Mrs. Pence s active private email address to millions of your readers has subjected her to vitriolic and malicious emails and raised serious security concerns. There was absolutely no reason to publish this private email address and you should be ashamed of your reprehensible contact. Your organization should apologize to Mrs. Pence for violating her privacy, and the Associated Press should observe the basic tenets of fairness, decency and journalistic integrity and covering the Vice President, Mrs. Pence and their family in the future. Here is Pence s belligerent tweet, with the entire letter included:When we requested they take it down, they refused. The @AP owes my wife an apology. pic.twitter.com/LdMmnewnWF  Vice President Pence (@VP) March 4, 2017This is REALLY rich, considering that Trump tweeted out Senator Lindsey Graham (R-SC) s personal cell phone number during the campaign, all because Graham dared to criticize Trump. Pence really has no moral high ground regarding anything resembling decency, considering that he is in bed with The Donald, especially on these sorts of matters.As for the AP, they are being good, tough checks on these bullies, and have refused to remove Karen Pence s email address from the original. As a consolation, though, they did omit the address from further writings on the subject of the Pence email situation, according to spokeswoman Laura Easton, who says,  AP removed the email address from subsequent stories after learning Mrs. Pence still used the account. This is all Pence s fault, anyway, because according to the AP, the story only ran because Pence: repeatedly stonewalled media requests to view public records when he was Indiana s governor, including emails about state business distributed from a private AOL account that was hacked last year. This is really getting ridiculous, these threats to the press every time a story this incompetent, chaotic administration doesn t like drops. They are corrupt, vindictive, malicious, and likely engaged in criminal activity.Keep the pressure on, journalists. They re cracking.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2296, ‘Lunatic’: Huge Backlash From Lawmakers After Trump’s ‘Wiretap’ Accusations,"Reality show star turned  so-called  president Donald Trump alleged in a tweetstorm this morning that former President Barack Obama had Trump Tower s  wires tapped  before the election. The only place Trump could have gotten that disinformation is from fake news  site Breitbart.com. Trump has some  splainin  to do over that conspiratorial tweet. Like, for example, what the f*ck he s talking about. For sure, former President Barack Obama has no idea what Trump what Trump is referring to.Trump called Obama  bad  or  sick  during his tweet frenzy, all while offering no proof to back up his jaw-dropping claims.Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA), the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, which is also probing the scope of Russia s influence on the US election, said in a statement Saturday afternoon in regards to one of Trump s tweets this morning,  If there is something bad or sick going on, it is the willingness of the nation s chief executive to make the most outlandish and destructive claims without providing a scintilla of evidence to support them. No matter how much we hope and pray that this President will grow into one who respects and understands the Constitution, separation of powers, role of a free press, responsibilities as the leader of the free world, or demonstrates even the most basic regard for the truth, we must now accept that President Trump will never become that man,  Schiff said.Trump s baseless accusations backfired. Now Democrats want an investigation.Don't be distracted by Trump & his lunatic rants. We need an independent investigation into #Trumprussia now. https://t.co/tyIErE8GcP  Brendan Boyle (@RepBrendanBoyle) March 4, 2017Trump is in  deep shit. Mr. President: If there was a wiretap at Trump Tower, that means a fed judge found probable cause of crime which means you are in deep shit. https://t.co/i7dUMtHXmo  Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) March 4, 2017The info apparently came from President Steve Bannon s man-cave, Breitbart.com.POTUS cited no evidence though he has access to intel reports to confirm, it appears to have come from Breitbart: https://t.co/WVFXOYo9K2 https://t.co/TXmGxT2Lrv  Rep. Don Beyer (@RepDonBeyer) March 4, 2017 What is he hiding? Trump has been caught in lie after lie. Do not be distracted. Trump's campaign/associates did communicate w/ Russia. What is he hiding? pic.twitter.com/KesTEkL9Te  Maxine Waters (@MaxineWaters) March 4, 2017Dear @realDonaldTrump,Turn off the TV & do your job. You're the president of the United States. Start acting like it.Sincerely,America https://t.co/Zgfp758DUf  Jim McGovern (@RepMcGovern) March 4, 2017You're not credible. https://t.co/L5wHDvJ7rQ  Rep. Eric Swalwell (@RepSwalwell) March 4, 2017Trump is now considered a joke.Aaaaaaaand, we're back! https://t.co/me5r4e8HeJ  Jim Himes (@jahimes) March 4, 2017Lawmakers are finding themselves in a position to tell Trump how to president.1/ The President can't ""order"" a wiretap. They are ordered by a judge if there is 1) possible crime, or 2) possible foreign agent involved.  Jim Himes (@jahimes) March 4, 20172/ So @realDonaldTrump is either lying, or he declassifed a judicial warrant possibly targeting him. I think we need to know which it is.  Jim Himes (@jahimes) March 4, 2017It s not just Democrats. GOP Sen. Ben Sasse said on Saturday that Trump owes the public a further explanation of his bizarre allegation against Obama. The president today made some very serious allegations, and the informed citizens that a republic requires deserve more information,  Sasse said, according to Politico.  If without [an authorization], the President should explain what sort of wiretap it was and how he knows this. It is possible that he was illegally tapped. But Sasse added that there are legalities to a wiretap. If it was with a legal FISA court order, then an application for surveillance exists that the court found credible. The president should ask that this full application regarding surveillance of foreign operatives or operations be made available, ideally to the full public, and at a bare minimum to the U.S. Senate,  Sasse said.Maybe if Trump released his tax returns, we could learn more. IDK Photo by Isaac Brekken/Getty Images with added tweets.",0
2297, BREAKING: Trump Tops Off INSANE Weekend By Announcing A New Muslim Ban,"Donald Trump s most dangerous and offensive campaign promise was, of course, his call for a  total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.  We all saw that plan realized in late January, as Trump rolled out the ban via a chaotic Executive Order that the courts quickly struck down. Well, it seems that Trump has not given up just yet, and plans to sign a brand new Muslim ban this coming Monday.In preparation, Trump s white supremacist Chief Strategist Steve Bannon will go down to Mar-A-Lago for the weekend, along with others from the Department of Justice, including Attorney General Jeff Sessions, to be with Trump. The festivities at the posh resort will include an  EO launch meeting. This comes after Trump s team decided to let Trump s ego be stroked by the good press he was getting from his address to a joint session of Congress. However, this didn t last, thanks to the controversy surrounding Jeff Sessions and his lying to Congress about his contacts with Russians.The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) has already responded, and they are definitely ready to combat Trump s bigotry in the courts. They tweeted:We're ready. See you in court (again), @realDonaldTrump. https://t.co/TeNPcwZNdk  ACLU National (@ACLU) March 4, 2017What is really sick about all of this is that this insanity is ratcheting up hateful sentiment toward the groups of people that Team Trump fixates on. Real people are being hurt   and even killed   due to the fact that the most powerful man in the world is insisting upon mainstreaming hate.Keep it up, ACLU and other groups. As for Trump   #THERESISTANCE is ready.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2298, Trump Went ‘BALLISTIC’ When Sessions Recused Himself From Russia Investigation,"Donald Trump reportedly flew into a fit of rage when Attorney General Jeff Sessions decided to recuse himself from the investigation into Russia.Sessions resigned on Thursday after it was revealed that he had met with the Russian ambassador and then lied about it during his confirmation hearing. Sessions made the choice after officials at the Justice Department advised him to recuse himself, but Trump didn t take the news well at all.Robert Costa, a reporter for the Washington Post, tweeted that Trump stormed out of the White House in a fury  on Friday,  fuming about [Jeff] Sessions recusal and telling aides that Sessions shouldn t have recused himself. Trump left WH in a fury on Friday, fuming about Sessions s recusal and telling aides that Sessions shouldn t have recused himself  Robert Costa (@costareports) March 4, 2017President remarked to staff that Sessions/WH/DOJ should have done more to counter Sessions story, that it was  bull,  per aides familiar  Robert Costa (@costareports) March 4, 2017According to ABC News, Trump went absolutely  ballistic  when he found out that Sessions was going to recuse himself.Before leaving for Mar-a-Lago yesterday, Pres. Trump summoned some senior staff to the Oval Office and went  ballistic,  sources tell @ABC.  Evan McMurry (@evanmcmurry) March 4, 2017Trump expressed his full support of Sessions just hours before the attorney general announced that he was recusing himself from the investigation. Trump has defended Sessions unwaveringly and continues to dismiss the accusations against him.Trump s reaction isn t exactly surprising. At this point, more people close to him have met with Russia (and lied about it) than haven t. Chances are slim to none that Trump himself wasn t involved. As the investigation continues, evidence keeps mounting up and the list of Trump officials who have been in contact with Russia continues to grow.Trump s former national security adviser was forced to resign after it was revealed he told Russia not to worry about the sanctions imposed by President Obama  before Trump was sworn in. In recent days, Trump s senior adviser and son-in-law, Jared Kushner, has also been caught meeting with Flynn and the Russian ambassador.Featured image via Jim Lo Scalzo   Pool/Getty Images",0
2299," ‘March 4 Trump’ Gets HILARIOUSLY Bad Turnout, Demonstrating Trump’s Lack Of Public Support (IMAGES)","One would think that conservatives would have figured out by now that they can t get people to turn out for their marches and protests. That seems to be especially true with Trump in office. So many more people are against him than for him, yet these delusional Trumpkins still think they re some kind of majority in this country.Witness their enthusiasm for today s March 4 Trump. It was supposed to be a counter to the Women s March on Washington that happened all over the world the day after Trump s inauguration. The Women s March drew well more than two million people just in the U.S. The March 4 Trump must have been overwhelming then, given all that support Trump and his loyal subjects think they have.And overwhelming these marches were, in their own way   the lack of support they showed for Trump is actually what was overwhelming. Most of these protests drew dozens, rather than the thousands they seemed to think they were going to get. For instance, in Orlando, roughly 200 people showed up, compared to the 5,000 that showed up in January for the Women s March.Denver had just dozens, where 145,000 had marched in January. In our nation s capital, Trumpers were hoping that they could draw more than half a million, which would rival the Women s March there. They drew a few thousand at best, despite Trump s claim that marches for him would be the biggest marches of all:Here at the yuge rally for Trump at the White House pic.twitter.com/aJ5gcMicyr  Brian Tashman (@briantashman) March 4, 2017The #TrumpTrain is in town and standing strong for @POTUS.I will be articulating the case for #Trump shortly, friends.#March4Trump pic.twitter.com/zdH682s7Vk  Michael Johns (@michaeljohns) March 4, 2017Here s the march at Trump Tower in New York City:Literally the March 4 Trump pic.twitter.com/Of8vChB8NQ  Eric Grant (@ericgrant) March 4, 2017Small crowd at the March 4 Trump. pic.twitter.com/LxPMcYtBO3  Eric Grant (@ericgrant) March 4, 2017Crowds were just as pathetic elsewhere, too:#March4Trump draws about 200 people to Voinovich Park, plus about 100 counter protestors pic.twitter.com/Jfq3GL05ar  Kabir Bhatia (@KabirBhatiaTime) March 4, 2017#NoMorein614 march in Columbus, OH. #BlackLivesMatter #NoBanBoWall #organizeCBUS #JaronThomas @614Unity @soit_goes @marymad @OhioPJP pic.twitter.com/du1EdboKfd  SURJ Columbus (@SURJColumbusOH) March 4, 2017At #March4Trump rally in Springfield,IL pic.twitter.com/WFvZLkSn25  James B (@JebLadat) March 4, 2017We are live from Denver where black bloc is confronting March 4 Trump DPD ready with police tape line https://t.co/RxJlYm2jkM pic.twitter.com/2817ZMkUq4  Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) March 4, 2017A better view of just how empty the Plaza is for this pro-Trump rally. Sad! pic.twitter.com/Ji78hNXJBD  Cari Wade Gervin (@carigervin) March 4, 2017This is embarrassing for them. Trump supporters keep trying to tell the resistance to  get over it,  and  give up,  and ultimately call us treasonous for daring to oppose a dangerous orange despot in the White House. If they truly had the love and support they think, their protests would blow anti-Trump protests out of the water every time. Doesn t look like we re the ones who need to get over anything.Featured image via screen capture",0
2300," Stephen King Is BRUTALLY Making Fun Of Trump On Twitter Right Now, And It’s AMAZING","With Donald Trump s intensely bizarre and crazy tweetstorm Saturday morning, it left Twitter buzzing with a general sense of  wtf  and jokes regarding how unhinged the *president appears to be.One person who couldn t let this moment go by without thoroughly making fun of it is none other than the legendary author Stephen King.King took to Twitter with a string of tweets that brutally trolled Trump and he may still not yet be done. Let s face it, Trump s tweets Saturday morning deserve all the mockery they can get.King tweeted out: Not only did Obama tap Trump s phones, he stole the strawberry ice cream out of the mess locker. Obama tapped Trump s phones IN PERSON! Went in wearing a Con Ed coverall. Michelle stood guard while O spliced the lines. SAD! Trump should know OBAMA NEVER LEFT THE WHITE HOUSE! He s in the closet! HE HAS SCISSORS!  Not only did Obama tap Trump's phones, he stole the strawberry ice cream out of the mess locker.  Stephen King (@StephenKing) March 4, 2017Obama tapped Trump's phones IN PERSON! Went in wearing a Con Ed coverall. Michelle stood guard while O spliced the lines. SAD!  Stephen King (@StephenKing) March 4, 2017Trump should know OBAMA NEVER LEFT THE WHITE HOUSE! He's in the closet! HE HAS SCISSORS!  Stephen King (@StephenKing) March 4, 2017King is clearly making fun of Trump s apparent paranoia. Paranoia that may be because the man is likely guilty of colluding with Russia to help him win the election. The fact that there may have been an order to tap into his lines shows that there was a just reason to do so.Well played, King.Featured Photo by Larry French/Getty Images",0
2301, Obama Just CRUSHED Trump’s Delusional Claim That He Ordered Trump Tower’s ‘Wires Tapped’,"Real-life Saturday morning cartoon villain Donald Trump kicked off his day with a delusional rant about President Obama. In what appears to be a effort to shift focus away from the fact that his administration has more ties to Russia than a Moscow bondage club by leveling some rather interesting accusations at the right wing s favored bogeyman. Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my  wires tapped  in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!  Trump tweeted after reading that it s totally true on white supremacist propaganda mill Breitbart.  Is it legal for a sitting President to be  wire tapping  a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW! I d bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!  said Trump, adding that  this is Nixon/Watergate.  While he is correct that this will end for him very much like Watergate did for Nixon, it seems that he might not want to advertise that he was tapped. Congressman Ted Lieu of California pointed out via Twitter:Mr. President: If there was a wiretap at Trump Tower, that means a fed judge found probable cause of crime which means you are in deep shit. https://t.co/i7dUMtHXmo  Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) March 4, 2017Shortly after, President Obama responded to Trump s asinine claim via spokesman Kevin Lewis: A cardinal rule of the Obama Administration was that no White House official ever interfered with any independent investigation led by the Department of Justice. As part of that practice, neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered surveillance on any U.S. citizen. Any suggestion otherwise is simply false. Earlier Saturday, Obama s former deputy national security adviser, Ben Rhodes pointed out that even if our last legitimate President wanted to he could not order wiretaps of citizens:No President can order a wiretap. Those restrictions were put in place to protect citizens from people like you. https://t.co/lEVscjkzSw  Ben Rhodes (@brhodes) March 4, 2017Trump is really worried about something. Whatever could it be?Featured image via screengrab",0
2302, Congressman Tells Trump He’s In ‘Deep S**t’ If Wiretapping Conspiracy Is True — And He’s Right (DETAILS),"Donald Trump may have just inadvertently admitted guilt during his bizarre and conspiracy riddled claim that President Obama ordered the Trump Tower to be wiretapped.In a flurry of early morning tweets (how s that pivot going, Republicans), President Trump accused President Obama, as early as October, with launching a Nixonian-McCarthy-esque witch hunt against his campaign in order to undermine him.Once again, President Trump has shown a complete lack of understanding about the separation of powers enshrined in the United States Constitution. Contrary to popular (right-wing) belief, the President of the United States does not have the authority to order a wiretapping of an individual s house, phone, or place or business.But don t take our word for it. Let Democratic Congressman Ted Lieu of California explain it:Mr. President: If there was a wiretap at Trump Tower, that means a fed judge found probable cause of crime which means you are in deep shit. https://t.co/i7dUMtHXmo  Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) March 4, 2017In case that wasn t enough, let him explain it one more time:Either @realDonaldTrump is paranoid like Nixon, or judge found probable cause of crime for #wiretap. Either way our President is in trouble.  Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) March 4, 2017Lieu is right: either way you look at it, Trump is in trouble. He is either painfully ignorant of the Constitution; has done something that would warrant probable cause (which could be criminal); or both. Our money is on both. He s demonstrated that he completely off his rockers and ill-equipped for the office of the presidency.Even if President Obama did recommend that Trump s phones and buildings be tapped (which is highly unlikely, but if true, THANKS OBAMA!), it certainly wouldn t be without merit. Since August   with the resignation of Paul Manafort, intelligence officials have been looking into whether or not the Trump campaign was in collusion with the Russian government. And over the last several months, many damning revelations have come out about the campaign s contacts, which were previously denied.Maybe the Trump white House should be bugged. Their lack of transparency and honesty has been frightening and beneath the awesome responsibility of the Executive Branch.Maybe this wiretapped information (if it happened) is the information Comey and the FBI is withholding, according to Senator Ron Wyden.Only time will tell. The drip is turning into a flow.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
2303, Republican Rep Sickeningly Justifies Obamacare Repeal: Poor People Don’t Want Healthcare,"Republicans just keep digging their political graves deeper.The Affordable Care Act currently provides health insurance to 30 million Americans. The plans are broader than ever before and people can t be discriminated against just because they have a pre-existing condition.People who didn t have affordable access to medical care now have it.But Republicans have been trying to take it away from them for years and are still trying to do so even though Americans across the country have made it clear that they support the landmark healthcare law.The latest Republican to desperately try to justify repealing the Affordable Care Act is Kansas Rep. Roger Marshall, who claims the free market provides better and more affordable healthcare while also claiming that poor people don t want healthcare. Just like Jesus said,  The poor will always be with us,  Marshall told STAT News.  There is a group of people that just don t want health care and aren t going to take care of themselves. But Marshall, like most Republicans, is lying.As it turns out, people who gained health insurance through Medicaid expansion are, in fact, using preventive care services to take care of themselves.So saying that poor people don t want healthcare is absolutely ridiculous.But Marshall continued to insist that poor people don t want to take care of themselves. Just, like, homeless people.   I think just morally, spiritually, socially, [some people] just don t want health care. The Medicaid population, which is [on] a free credit card, as a group, do probably the least preventive medicine and taking care of themselves and eating healthy and exercising. And I m not judging, I m just saying socially that s where they are. So there s a group of people that even with unlimited access to health care are only going to use the emergency room when their arm is chopped off or when their pneumonia is so bad they get brought [into] the ER. Again, Medicaid recipients are using preventive services such as mammograms and cholesterol checks by an increase of 60 percent and 20 percent.In addition, Marshall envisions a healthcare system that only the wealthy can afford. In doing so, he based his vision on the hospital he ran before taking office. Our vision was that we would look more like a hotel with customer service that delivered five-star health care,  he said.  So our cafeteria looks more like a coffee shop than it does a sterile hospital dining room. We have bright windows everywhere, and outside of every window there s a garden. Thinking that healing is more than just a knife and a needle. The price of a stay at a five-star hotel can range well into the hundreds upwards to thousands of dollars per night, hardly something a low-income American can afford.While Marshall argues that free market healthcare is more affordable, the facts paint a far different picture.For example, a British couple were on vacation in New York when the woman unexpectedly went into labor 11 weeks early. She gave birth at a private hospital and was slapped with a $200,000 medical bill.The same thing happened to a Canadian woman who was vacationing in Hawaii, only she got slapped with a $1 million medical bill.These are the astronomical prices that Republicans like Marshall think Americans should have to pay. Such prices are financially crippling to low-income Americans, and medical bankruptcy is one of the major reasons why the Affordable Care Act was passed in the first place.Because while Marshall claims that government healthcare is more expensive, had the two women above given birth in their home countries, their care would have been free because Canada and England both have national healthcare services paid for through taxes. Even a private hospital a England would have only cost the British couple $15,000, far lower than the $200,000 bill issued by the kind of  five-star  American hospital Marshall thinks should be the future of healthcare.In short, Republicans don t think poor people should get access to affordable healthcare. They think healthcare is for rich people. That s morally repugnant and is exactly why Republicans should be ousted from office en masse in 2018. This country needs a healthcare system that works for everyone. Republicans are content with just letting people die.Featured image via Flickr",0
2304, Arnold Schwarzenegger HAMMERS Trump For Claiming He Was Fired From ‘Celebrity Apprentice’,"Donald Trump just got terminated again by Arnold Schwarzenegger for lying about him on Twitter.It s no secret that the ratings for Celebrity Apprentice were worse than in previous years. But in those previous years, people weren t boycotting the show either.Millions of Americans have been boycotting anything Donald Trump has his name on, including the reality television show, since the election in November.Trump refuses to separate himself from his various business interests, which are conflicts of interest as it appears he is making decisions in the White House to benefit himself personally. To that end, Trump remained attached to Celebrity Apprentice as a producer, which instantly made the show a prime way to boycott Trump.In other words, Trump really only has himself to blame for the show s demise.Earlier this week, Schwarzenegger announced that he would not be returning to host the show, citing Trump s unpopularity and the fact that viewers and sponsors want nothing to do with a show featuring Trump s name. With Trump being involved in the show people have a bad taste and don t want to participate as a spectator or sponsor or in any other way support the show,  Schwarzenegger said.  It s a very divisive period right now and I think the show got caught up in all that division. So Schwarzenegger left the show voluntarily. That s a fact. But Donald Trump has thin skin, so he attacked Schwarzenegger by claiming he was fired from the show.Arnold Schwarzenegger isn t voluntarily leaving the Apprentice, he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings, not by me. Sad end to great show  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017Again, Schwarzenegger was not fired. He departed the show on his own terms, and he quickly replied to Trump s bullshit.You should think about hiring a new joke writer and a fact checker. https://t.co/SvAjuPdHfa  Arnold (@Schwarzenegger) March 4, 2017The fact is that Trump only has himself to blame for why Celebrity Apprentice sank in the ratings. He constantly attacked the show on Twitter and at White House events. Keep in mind that Trump was credited as a producer on the show, so he literally trashed his own show. Trump s toxicity also contributed to its downfall as people chose to watch something else rather than help Trump make money.If Trump s name had not been attached to the show, it probably would have done a lot better because people would have tuned in to spite Trump. Instead, NBC made the monumentally stupid decision to let Trump remain as an executive producer rather than fire him and keep him as far away from their programming as possible.Featured Image: Aude Guerrucci-Pool/Getty Images",0
2305," Photo Of Hillary Reading About Pence’s Private Email Surfaces, And It’s The Most Heartbreaking Thing You’ll See This Week (TWEETS)","You remember that one company that used to stuff your mailbox full of coasters installation discs every single goddamn day of the week, your only reprieve from the madness being Sunday? Well, America Online finally discovered what it takes to be relevant: apparently Mike Pence uses it.On Thursday, the Indianapolis Star revealed that not only did the Vice President use private email   something for which Donald Trump s opponent, Hillary Clinton, was demonized   but he conducted state business on an insecure, almost-forgotten service that was presumed dead long ago. Unlike Hillary Clinton s private email server, Pence s AOL account was hacked.Clinton was spotted on a flight from Boston to New York on Friday and a passenger managed to catch the very moment the former Secretary of State saw the USA Today headline about Pence s private email. The passenger sent the photo to friends via Snapchat, and one of them saved it to share with the world:@jdawsey1 Hillary just checking the daily news. ""Pence used personal email in office."" The irony is palpable. pic.twitter.com/oia1ARiZ0g  Pere Noel (@RealSaintNick6) March 3, 2017The  what in the fuck?  look on Hillary s face is priceless. It s OK, we know what she s going through. We watched the Right froth at the mouth over what Ted Cruz would call a  nothingburger  if Clinton was a Republican for what seems like forever.It is not against the law to use a private email in Indiana, but officials are expected to retain the exchanges to fulfill public records requests. Documents released  via  a records request shows us that Pence discussed national security and other matters with his top advisors via his private email, but an unspecified number were withheld because   the state considers them confidential and too sensitive to release to the public. Once again, these are from an account that was hacked last summer. The Star notes that the scammer  sent an email to his contacts claiming Pence and his wife were stranded in the Philippines and in urgent need of money.  He responded not by increasing his security, but by creating a new AOL screen name.We will not be seeing calls to  LOCK HIM UP  from the Right, nor will we see GOP politicians calling for endless hearings and investigations. Normally, this would be fine but at this point there seems to be one set of rules for Democrats and one for Republicans in an administration that is easily outpacing even the accusations they leveled at Clinton.This photograph serves as a reminder of what Americans who knew better but decided that voting their  conscience  was more important than literally saving America from a despot and people who are too stupid to operate a fork without adult supervision yet figured out how to vote caused us to lose. We could have had a competent leader who isn t perfect, but she was at least smart enough to warn us about Donald Trump s cozy relationship with Vladimir Putin. And, of course, she isn t a walking human rights crisis.It s heartbreaking.Featured image via Twitter",0
2306, WATCH: Trump’s Top Cheerleader On CNN Just Got His A** Handed To Him,"Bill Maher literally called  bullshit  when a Donald Trump supporter insisted that Russia did not interfere with the 2016 Election.Racist CNN pundit Jeffrey Lord has made every excuse in the book to defend Trump and he brought the excuses to Real Time on Friday night when he attempted to spin the Russia scandal by claiming that Russia did nothing to help Trump to begin with.Maher was not in the mood for bullshit on this night as he called Lord out for supporting a  vulgar human being. Lord threw out a false equivalency by comparing everything Trump has said to Hillary Clinton s accurate assessment of Trump supporters as  deplorable  people.Apparently, Clinton s one comment magically makes every truly horrible thing Trump said disappear.Lord then tried to claim that Russia did not influence the election simply because they allegedly did not hack any voting machines.That s when Maher pounced. Don t bullsh*t me!  Maher responded before going over the fact that 17 intelligence agencies agree that Russia interfered in our election process by hacking the DNC and Clinton campaign officials. Russia also spread propaganda and misinformation to help Trump.Maher even mentioned that we could find out a whole lot more about Trump s deep ties to Russia if he were forced to release his taxes.Lord then parroted Trump by calling for an investigation into Nancy Pelosi for also meeting with the Russian ambassador, even though Pelosi s meeting was not a secret and Russia did not influence her election results. Russians didn t hack Nancy Pelosi s election,  Maher shot back.  They hacked our election, all of our intelligence agencies said for one side to win, your side. Are you telling me if it had worked out the other way and they were only hacking the Republicans to get Hilary elected you d let it slide? Lord tried to get away not answering for this hypocrisy. After all, Republicans would definitely be endlessly investigating Clinton if she had won the election with Russia s aid.But Maher forced Lord to answer and he conceded that Republicans are hypocrites.Here s the video via YouTube:Donald Trump s staunchest defenders should be ashamed of themselves. They should be ashamed as Americans and as human beings. They are literally defending a man who cares more about himself and his own image than he does about this country and our collective future. This Russia scandal is enough to get Trump impeached and he should be ousted before he can do more damage to this nation.Featured image via screenshot",0
2307, Trump Feels The Fury Of Twitter After Comparing Himself To Nixon While Attacking Obama (TWEETS),"After Donald Trump s Saturday morning tweetstorm, we have no choice but to wonder what, exactly, he is worried about. Ever since the  pee pee dossier  was originally released, we have seen Trump s ravings evolve from complaints about  FAKE NEWS  to demands that the  ILLEGAL LEAKS  stop. On Saturday, The Donald expanded on his at times incomprehensible ravings by blaming Obama for people learning about his and his campaign s illicit activities involving Russian oligarchs.Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my ""wires tapped"" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017This isn t McCarthyism. While Trump did not provide any evidence of his claim, it was well known by intelligence agencies rather early in 2016. Trump even publicly asked the dictator of a hostile foreign power to hack his political opponents. It s only natural for our intelligence agencies to want to look into that.Saying nothing of the evidence that has been uncovered that his team kept in constant contact with high-ranking Russian officials during the campaign, Trump demanded to know if it is legal for our intelligence agencies to investigate someone who is openly colluding with Vladimir Putin against the interests of the American people:Is it legal for a sitting President to be ""wire tapping"" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017Then, he threatened to go after President Obama in court because our intelligence agencies did their jobs:I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017Trump didn t quite explain his next tweet, but he is more right than he knows about part of it.  How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!  President Asterisk whined.This is, indeed, very much like Nixon/Watergate in that Nixon was guilty and did quite a bit of public flailing before the investigation into his crimes was complete. But it seems that Trump was saying that Nixon, like himself, was innocent and that President Obama was  sick  for allegedly authorizing wiretaps against such a pristine example of a human being as Trump.Naturally, Americans were all over this one:.@Mike_P_Williams this is truly staggering. He seems paranoid.  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) March 4, 2017@realDonaldTrump and the paranoia is starting to sink in   pic.twitter.com/zTMxKh6P9x  Rob Szczerba (@RJSzczerba) March 4, 2017@realDonaldTrump looks like he's breaking out the tin foil hats again   pic.twitter.com/TmjGj4lD5B  Rob Szczerba (@RJSzczerba) March 4, 2017@realDonaldTrump You know when you say you want to make education great again, does that include spelling?  Matt Haig (@matthaig1) March 4, 2017.@realDonaldTrump This is Nixon/Watergate, if by that you mean you'll be impeached and resign in disgrace.  Nick Jack Pappas (@Pappiness) March 4, 2017@realDonaldTrump Hopefully your presidency ends like Nixon/Watergate.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) March 4, 2017@realDonaldTrump you're the next Nixon dude. You're an embarrassment for our great nation. A traitor to real Americans. You should resign  ? (@VeeVee) March 4, 2017@realDonaldTrump How long before you illegally delete this (supposedly) archived tweet?  #TheResistance (@AynRandPaulRyan) March 4, 2017@realDonaldTrump You've been tweeting paranoid, unsubstantiated, unproven crap for an hour. WHO IS DRIVING AMERICA?  craig stone (@craigstone_) March 4, 2017@realDonaldTrump Your attempt to spin a situation in which your staff broke laws by communicating with Russian spies is ludicrous!!!!  Stephen Robert Morse (@morsels) March 4, 2017@realDonaldTrump FOUR tweets now about this wire tap story and still no specifics Starting to think you re reading conspiracy blogs.  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) March 4, 2017.@realDonaldTrump he didn't NEED to tap anything, you're always on here spilling your guts. Also, Nixon was guilty, rather like yourself.  Jane Slavin (@JaneSlavin) March 4, 2017@realDonaldTrump and you are Nixon? You know how that ends? ??? Don't lie to your country or obstruct justice!  Jose Andrade (@jandrade) March 4, 2017@realDonaldTrump Nope. You are worse than Nixon, and this fiasco is worse than Watergate.  Andrea Kuszewski (@AndreaKuszewski) March 4, 2017@realDonaldTrump Tweeting doesn t seem like the right way to level charges like these on a former President  unless they are nonsense.  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) March 4, 2017@realDonaldTrump even for you this is fucking embarrassing.  Michael Beveridge (@mickyb273) March 4, 2017@realDonaldTrump Is this going to be another  Obama isn t an American citizen  until it s politically convenient to admit YOU WERE WRONG?  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) March 4, 2017@realDonaldTrump Did he go so low as to collude with a foreign power to get himself elected?  Raoul Binderschmidt (@Skeletor_Jesus) March 4, 2017Ironically, last year it was revealed that Trump had a special console next to his bed at the Mar-A-Lago that allowed him to spy on guests  phone conversations. Though Trump denied it, numerous former staffers confirmed that the billionaire did, indeed, spy on guests. Unlike the possibility that our intelligence agencies did  tapp  Trump s phone during the campaign   with good reason   this would be a crime. It is illegal in Florida to intercept or record phone calls without the consent of everyone involved in the conversation.Hopefully, Trump is right that this is like Nixon/Watergate. We all know how that ended.Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)/screengrab",0
2308," Donald Trump Just Got Humiliated By The DICTIONARY Again, And It’s F*cking EPIC (TWEETS)","On Friday, Donald Trump was so angry about the more than half the country that feels it is probably not a good idea for his administration to be in bed with Russia that he was completely unable to type coherently when unleashing his unpresidential ravings on Twitter. Specifically, he found himself unable to spell the word  hereby. Trump informed the American public that he   the President*   wants to  hear by  launch investigations into his political enemies because they have been in photographs taken during public, scheduled meetings with some of the same Russian folks with whom members of his administration have been busted having secret, off-the-books meetings. After half the world pointed out he had spelled it incorrectly, he gave it another go, changing it to  hearby    still wrong, but closer.Then he unironically tweeted about education We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again. Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando. pic.twitter.com/OTJaHcvLzf  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 3, 2017 before finally spelling  hereby  correctly.I hereby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it. https://t.co/qCDljfF3wN  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 3, 2017Taking pity on The Donald for the difficulties he was having, the Merriam-Webster dictionary jumped into the fray, providing the first President who would lose a second-grade spelling bee a little bit of assistance.  OK, OK. Here. Bye,  the dictionary tweeted shortly after Trump s numerous flubs:OK, OK.Here.Bye. https://t.co/hLdwJNNI05  Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) March 3, 2017Naturally, this was quite popular with Americans who care about having a President who isn t a constant embarrassment:@MerriamWebster me seeing this tweet. pic.twitter.com/W2y8GlM5HU  Erick Fernandez (@ErickFernandez) March 4, 2017@MerriamWebster I hereby declare you the winner of that round, or any round.  Laila Lalami (@LailaLalami) March 3, 2017@MerriamWebster @realDonaldTrump LOOK, the dictionary people voluntarily helped you out big of them .you should thank them.  Kirsten Frazier (@KvFrazier) March 3, 2017@MerriamWebster How high on the geek meter am I if this the funniest post of my feed? True, LOL.  Beth Landau (@theblandau) March 3, 2017@MerriamWebster you know you're doing a horrible job when the heckin dictionary throws shade at you @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/Tq9OJNGhWs  Angel G. Suarez (@BaezAngelG) March 3, 2017Whoever tweets for @MerriamWebster, I'm picturing your mother at bookclub or something, bragging about her child's awesomeness.  E. Lebee (@ewlebee) March 3, 2017Dear @MerriamWebster, give the person running this account a raise.  Karen Priester, MD (@Dr_Priester) March 4, 2017@MerriamWebster hereby the best cunning linguists on Twitter  (((ResisTrumpNazi))) (@NeinFuhrerTrump) March 3, 2017This is not the first time the dictionary has helped Trump out, nor will it be the last. The Donald still has not thanked them.Featured image via Getty Images (Marrio Tama)/screengrab",0
2309, Sean Hannity Just Showed EXACTLY How Delusional Conservatives Are In A Single Statement,"What is with conservatives being all butthurt over criticism all of a sudden, now that Republicans are the target of so much ire? Suddenly they re all about respecting the President and his family, despite 8 long years of racist hate and conspiracy theories (without a shred of evidence supporting them) spewing forth from their mouthpieces.Consider Sean Hannity and what he just said. He literally said in comments on Media Matters For America: Nobody picked on Malia and Sasha, no conservative that I know of. Nobody picked on Michelle Obama except for the stupid statements,  for the first time in my adult life I m proud of my country.  She inserted herself into the campaign. If she s going to say something like that then she deserves to be criticized. What. WHAT? Just WHAT??? Hannity spent all of 2016 criticizing the hell out of Michelle Obama, including sharing a fake story about her from the lying website The Gateway Pundit. He offered to charter a plane for the Obamas to disappear to Canada, Kenya or Indonesia   anywhere as long as they didn t come back.But there s more, not just from Hannity s shit-spewing cakehole, but from conservatives damn near everywhere:And there s so much more. Hannity s a god-damn, motherfucking hypocrite for saying that conservatives were very kind to the Obamas. The above list is just the tip of the iceberg   conservatives were anything but kind to them during their term in the White House. What everyone s doing with Trump is nothing compared to that.Featured image by Rob Kim via Getty Images",0
2310, Jake Tapper BLASTS Trump’s ‘Do A Lot More With Less’ Line: Does A Weekly Visit To Palm Beach Qualify? (VIDEO),"Jake Tapper has just about had it with Donald Trump. The feisty host of CNN s The Lead infamously took Trump s top liar spin doctor, White House Counsel Kellyanne Conway, through a wood chipper for lying to him on air, and even banned her from his show briefly. He also rails Trump daily. Friday s subject? How much Trump is costing taxpayers with his weekly trips to his swanky Florida resort, Mar-A-Lago.Tapper first played the line in one of Trump s speech where he insisted that he and his staff would  do a lot more with less  for the American people. Tapper says after the clip: Do a lot more with less. Presidents are certainly entitled to take a day off, but any deficit hawk would ask: is a weekly visit to Palm Beach doing a lot more with less? It takes Marine One, Air Force One, and motorcades to get the president to his posh oceanside estate, along with intense Secret Service protection. There happens to be another presidential retreat, much closer and cheaper   that of course would be Camp David. It s already set up to be a working White House, and has security protocols in place. Some presidents used the Maryland site more than others, but Camp David is costing taxpayers millions to maintain, while it sits dormant. Then, Tapper hands it over to another CNN reporter, and informs us that Trump s weekly trips have already cost us more than $10 million in just the five weeks he s been in office.This is outrageous. Isn t there a way the Secret Service or someone can inform Trump that this isn t his money, or his private plane, that others are paying for this   most of them being people who absolutely despise him? Tapper is right to call Trump out, and it doesn t look like it will be stopping anytime soon.Watch the epic rant below:Featured image via Scott Eisen/Getty Images",0
2311, Internet Heroes Make Trump-Putin Facebook Friendship Anniversary Video; It’s BRILLIANT (VIDEO),"The internet is full of hidden gems, and this hostile political environment and corrupt Trump administration has given us some of the most hilarious, powerful memes and videos we ve seen in a while. The latest masterpiece to grace the internet was inspired by the friendship anniversary videos we ve been seeing on everyone s Facebook feed   the ones that celebrates close friendships with a highlight reel of all the time you ve spent connecting on Facebook.Well, two geniuses   filmmakers Evan and Adam Nix   have given us something truly amazing with a new friendship anniversary video   of Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin. Poking fun at their disturbingly close and suspicious relationship, the Nix brothers got super creative and took a lighthearted approach to a concerning issue that most of America is extremely worried about. This video was released right as Trump is facing new criticism for his praise and defense of Russia, and his relationship with Putin and Russia has been called the biggest scandal in recent months.The Nix Bros. hilariously start the friendship anniversary out by stating  A few months ago today you rigged the election together The video goes through several pinnacle points of Trump and Putin s weird connection, even once striking a sentimental tone in their friendship: And while there are several dictatorships, there s only one like yours ;) That s terrifying! At the very end, the video closes with a statement almost every American   even conservatives   know to be true: We are all totally fucked. You can watch the film below: The short film is absolutely genius, and worth every second. The Nix Bros. are known for their funny political videos, and we re so happy they weighed in on Trump and Putin with their satirical brand of comedy.  At a time when the chaotic Trump administration is undoing everything America has worked to become, we all need a good laugh every now and then.Featured image is a screenshot",0
2312," Trump Just Got Some Really, REALLY Bad News About His Tax Returns (DETAILS)","Donald Trump has been playing games with his tax returns ever since he began his disgraceful presidential campaign. He repeatedly promised to release his tax returns after the election, but has continued to keep them a secret from the American people. Democrats and Republicans alike know that the American people deserve transparency from their president, and the latest effort to make Trump reveal his tax documents is going to send him into a rage.Two House Republicans have just joined a Democratic effort to obtain copies of Trump s tax returns, with the help of the Internal Revenue Service. This is big news   and proves that not even the GOP approves of the way Trump has conducted himself.The two Republicans, Reps. Mark Sanford (R-S.C.) and Walter Jones (R-N.C.), have added their signatures to a letter requesting Trump s tax returns from the past ten years. This letter was championed by Rep. Bill Pascrell (D-N.J.)  and backed by almost every person in the 193-member House Democratic Caucus. In the letter, it is stated that Trump s tax returns would provide clarity on his conflicts of interest, which Trump has tried to hide and distract from. The letter says: Disclosure would serve the public interest of clarifying President Trump s conflicts of interest in office, the potential for him to personally benefit from tax reform, and ensure that he is not receiving any preferential treatment from the IRS.We believe the powerful and respected Committees on Finance and Ways and Means have the responsibility to ensure oversight of the executive branch by requesting a review of President Trump s tax returns and moving toward a formal release of these documents to the public. Trump s refusal to reveal his tax returns is unusual, breaking four decades in which every presidential nominee has been transparent with their tax returns. Trump tried to use an IRS audit to excuse himself, but even the IRS stated he was free to release his documents whenever he wanted to. Hopefully, this letter and the Republican senators  signatures will add enough pressure to the situation so Americans can finally know the truth about Trump.Featured image via Drew Angerer / Getty Images",0
2313, Rachel Maddow Reveals Her Secret To Successfully Covering Trump,"The Rachel Maddow Show has become a hit among cable news viewers, with more than double the number of people tuning in. Maddow herself recently revealed her secret to successfully covering Donald Trump: treat him like a silent movie. We developed sort of an informal, internal mantra  which is that we basically cover them as if they are a silent movie,  Maddow explained. I stopped covering the Twitter feed and we started covering only what they do rather than what they say. Without a doubt, she s doing something right. The Wrap reports that in February, Maddow had the  largest total viewer audience ever in the 9 p.m. ET timeslot.  But her success isn t limited to just one month. She has also  beaten CNN s regularly scheduled programming for 45 straight months,  and  gained 99 percent in total viewers compared to February 2016.  During the same time period, CNN gained only 70 percent and Fox News increased by a measly 31 percent. It is an unusual thing that the White House and its chief spokespeople have been called out saying stuff that s not true over and over and over again,  she said.  It s the petty stuff but it s also important stuff that they ve not told the truth about. Maddow explains that lies have consequences. Once you prove yourself as untrustworthy, you words no longer have any real meaning.  We no longer go to that person for factual information,  Maddow said. Once she realized that these people could no longer be trusted, she came up with a new game plan for covering the Trump administration. I really feel like it was helpful to me, in terms of trying to come up with what to talk about every day, and serving up information for our audience that is substantive and not manipulated by people at the White House,  Maddow said.  It was helpful for us to just stop paying attention to what they were saying. Maddow said that Kellyanne Conway might be a nice person,  but as her fellow MSNBC host Mika Brzezinski recently pointed out, she s just not credible anymore.  Maddow added that conversations with her (and most of Trump s other surrogates) are  essentially just talking to a pro-Trump political operative  rather than actually speaking to a White House representative.It seems that Maddow has done what the majority of the media is still struggling to do. She has figured out how to cover Trump and the secret is simple: focus only on what they do, not what they say because it s probably a lie anyway.Featured image via video screen capture",0
2314, Trump Camp Adviser Drops STUNNING Revelation – Here’s Why The RNC Suddenly Went Pro-Russia,"The evidence that Russia is buying us up continues to mount, and the pile is so tall it s about to tip over. While Trump is busy accusing Chuck Schumer of being a hypocrite because he s met with Russia too (a thing he openly admits and has never lied about or covered up, which is the issue with Trump s people), one of his campaign advisers, J.D. Gordon, has decided to reverse course on his statements about why the RNC reversed its course on Russia and inserted pro-Russian language to its platform.Now he s saying this: [I, along with others] advocated for the GOP platform to include language against arming Ukrainians against pro-Russian rebels because this was in line with Trump s views, expressed at a March national security meeting at the unfinished Trump hotel [in Washington, D.C.]  [emphasis mine]Apparently, Trump didn t want to start WWIII over Ukraine (but he s perfectly willing to start it on Twitter with China, Mexico, and all of NATO).Gordon says that Trump believed helping get Russia out of Ukraine was anathema to  improved relations with Russia.  The problem with  improved relations with Russia  is that Trump doesn t want that for world peace and unity. He wants it because he s in bed with Putin, along with Jared Kushner, Jeff Sessions, and disgraced security adviser Michael Flynn.Sessions actually presided over the meeting where that plank of the platform was changed. Look impossibly suspicious yet? It should. To make Trump s growing ties to Russia even more crystal clear here, the week that this went down was also the week that Wikileaks released thousands of emails that Russia had obtained via its hacks.Seriously, can we impeach Trump now? The time for that started the day he was inaugurated. We have an entire administration selling us out to one of our biggest enemies, and an entire political party that won t do a thing about it, likely because it will make them look as corrupt as they are.Featured image by John Moore via Getty Images",0
2315, Dem Congressman HUMILIATES Trump With One Glorious Tweet; PROVES Absolute Stupidity (IMAGE),"It s one thing to call a person stupid, it s another to prove it, and that s exactly what Rep. Mark Takano (D-CA) just did to Donald Trump in one simple tweet.You see, Takano is a former British literature teacher, knows a thing or two about the English language and can spellcheck you in real time. That s bad news for a guy like Trump who often takes to Twitter in anger-fueled rants and doesn t take the time to proofread his tweets, or even let spellcheck do it for him.In Trump s latest grouping of tweets, he really, really messed up. In fact, following a tweet that said,  We must fix our education system,  he tweeted  I hear by demand  and then,   I hearby demand    and then finally,  I hereby demand. Check it out:via TwitterNot letting the moment escape him, Takano pointed out the irony of the spelling errors following a tweet about fixing our education system.Takano tweeted: The moment when one tweet is proof of the other tweet. The moment when one tweet is proof of the other tweet. pic.twitter.com/aPV0b9jBOw  Mark Takano (@RepMarkTakano) March 3, 2017In other words, Trump just got called out on his inability to spell and was kinda sorta called stupid.Now, did a Trump staffer tweet out this mess? Maybe. Undoubtedly, Trump won t say it was him because, according to him, he s seemingly never wrong.Nevertheless, Takano s tweet is absolutely hilarious. Well played.Featured Photo by Tom Pennington/Getty Images",0
2316, Trump’s LOST HIS DAMN MIND Making RIDICULOUS Demand Of Pelosi; Her Response Is Perfect (TWEETS),"If you re not paying attention to Donald Trump on Twitter at the moment, you are missing out on witnessing a truly unhinged individual playing a classic game of projection.With allegations and proof being revealed day after day regarding Trump and his administration s ties to Russia, especially throughout the course of his campaign and the years prior, Trump is left to do the only thing he appears to know how to do   deflect and blame others of doing exactly what he is doing.Earlier in the day Trump tweeted an image of Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer grabbing a donut with Vladimir Putin,We should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite! pic.twitter.com/Ik3yqjHzsA  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 3, 2017Schumer did nothing wrong, and unlike Attorney General Jeff Sessions, he didn t commit perjury surrounding this event.Schumer even tweeted back:Happily talk re: my contact w Mr. Putin & his associates, took place in '03 in full view of press & public under oath. Would you &your team? https://t.co/yXgw3U8tmQ  Chuck Schumer (@SenSchumer) March 3, 2017And for the record, they were Krispy Kreme donuts.  Chuck Schumer (@SenSchumer) March 3, 2017Which is far more transparent than Trump has ever been.Trump, clearly upset that people aren t reacting to this revelation that Schumer and Putin grabbed a Krispy Kreme together then decided to try and throw Nancy Pelosi under the bus in the same regard.He said: I hereby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it. I hereby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it. https://t.co/qCDljfF3wN  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 3, 2017However, here s the thing, she also wasn t under oath trying to be confirmed as the utmost authority of law and order in the nation.Pelosi shortly thereafter responded with that exact point:.@realDonaldTrump doesn't know difference between official mtg photographed by press & closed secret mtg his AG lied about under oath. https://t.co/YRFCuJkjLA  Nancy Pelosi (@NancyPelosi) March 3, 2017Meanwhile, Trump, Sessions, Flynn, Kushner, and all the rest of those who have been implicated as being in contact with Russia that would be a devastating blow to Trump and his administration.Trump is merely trying to shift focus, but in the mean time, he s making himself look guilty as hell.Featured Photo by Mario Tama, Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2317, Chuck Schumer RESPONDS To Trump With Tweet Of His Own About Putin And It’s F*cking Glorious,"There s nothing sadder than when a person uses the  I m rubber and you re glue  defense except when it is used by the *President of the United States in an effort to deflect and divert attention from himself and his own administration.Earlier in the day, Donald Trump thought it d be a wise move to post this image he found in the depths of right-wing media to try and make it seem like Democrats are also guilty of speaking to Russia. Did you catch that  also    which means this pic definitely implicates himself, Sessions, and the whole gang.We should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite! pic.twitter.com/Ik3yqjHzsA  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 3, 2017Keep in mind, it s perfectly acceptable for a United States Senator to meet with the leader of another nation. However, it isn t okay to lie under oath about meetings with another nation like Attorney General Jeff Sessions did. Trump doesn t seem to be aware of this fact just yet.Well, not letting the moment escape him, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) wasn t about to let Trump try to throw him under the bus. In fact, he responded with some tweets of his own.He said: Happily talk re: my contact w Mr. Putin & his associates, took place in  03 in full view of press & public under oath. Would you &your team? Happily talk re: my contact w Mr. Putin & his associates, took place in '03 in full view of press & public under oath. Would you &your team? https://t.co/yXgw3U8tmQ  Chuck Schumer (@SenSchumer) March 3, 2017BAM! Let s see if Trump responds. Probably not. That would mean he takes the Russian story seriously, which he has said time and time again is  fake news. The best part is the Schumer s next tweet:And for the record, they were Krispy Kreme donuts.  Chuck Schumer (@SenSchumer) March 3, 2017Ha! Already a million times more transparent that Trump and his administration. Well played, Schumer!Featured Photo by T.J. Kirkpatrick, Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
2318, Fox News Posts INCREDIBLY Misleading Tweet Defending Sessions And People Are Losing Their Minds (TWEETS),"There s no lengths lying conservative media won t go to in order to try and defend their golden boy, Trump, and anyone around him. Take Jeff Sessions, for example. Sessions was just caught lying under oath about contact with Russian officials during the campaign, and conservatives are desperate to figure out how to defend him. Take the following tweet by the origin of  fake news,  Fox: Democratic lawmakers who met with Russian Ambassador. pic.twitter.com/NEmwYLa790  Fox News (@FoxNews) March 3, 2017That s right   conservatives are trying to say that since Democrats have talked to Russians before, there s no wrongdoing here.Except that awkward part where none of the pictured Democrats lied under oath about it.Except that SUPER awkward part where Democrats weren t part of a presidential campaign that benefited from, if not colluded with, Russian hacking and attempts to derail our 2016 electoral process.Users on Twitter are calling Fox  News  out for this incredibly misleading bullsh*t: @FoxNews Which ones then lied about the meeting under oath?  Kevin M. Kruse (@KevinMKruse) March 3, 2017 @FoxNews how many are in #Trumps cabinet or are asked to lead national security?!?!  Mike Wickett (@mikewickett) March 3, 2017 @FoxNews I m confused, which of these people was nominated for a cabinet position and then lied under oath?  Buttered Scones (@tedlangley) March 3, 2017 @FoxNews again, must have context. Trumps team met with Russia during height of election hacking. Please do not make these look the same  Mike Battuello (@Mikebattuello) March 3, 2017 @FoxNews Again. It s not against the law to meet with foreign ambassadors. It s against the LAW to lie under oath about such meetings.  Kathie (@Anastaisastweet) March 3, 2017 @FoxNews ok, but did they lie under oath about it? We need an independent prosecutor to sort this out; party line & divided nation need ans!  Josh Marcus (@MoshuaJarcus) March 3, 2017 @FoxNews How many of these were questioned in confirmation hearings and lied?  Dipti Khanna (@DKhanna77) March 3, 2017 @FoxNews and precisely which ones lied about it under oath. I ll wait.  FD Brian (@FDBrian70) March 3, 2017Conservative media is working hard to create an alternate reality. It s up to all of us not to let them.Featured image via Zach Gibson/Getty Images",0
2319, Trump Demands Investigation Into His Political Enemies And Gets Torn Apart By Twitter (TWEETS),"Brace yourself, people. Senator Charles Schumer once had a donut and coffee with Vladimir Putin during an official 2003 state visit to a Russian gas station chain that opened in New York. Sure, Schumer wasn t running for President and this was a public meeting. He also did not perjure himself like Attorney General Jeff Sessions   but according to Donald Trump, the lies he and his administration have told the American people and the crimes they have committed right in front of us mean nothing because Schumer was once photographed doing his job when Vladimir Putin happened to be a part of it.Oh, yes, and he should be investigated, for asking questions about Trump and friends  clearly treasonous actions.  We should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin,  Trump tweeted Friday.  A total hypocrite! We should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite! pic.twitter.com/Ik3yqjHzsA  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 3, 2017Now any idiot can see that one of these things is not like the other, but Trump and his fanbase lost the right to be called  idiots  long ago. Fortunately, most Americans are not brainwashed, and many of them showed up to share their thoughts with our middle-schooler-in-chief.@realDonaldTrump How was your visit to Moscow? pic.twitter.com/g42z92JGR8  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) March 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump ""Trump has no financial relationship with any Russian oligarchs?""Manafort: *mumbles into oblivion*pic.twitter.com/6fy7ioG0vY  Erick Fernandez (@ErickFernandez) March 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump the obvious ties of your administration to the country that is seeking to destroy our democracy is nothing short of treason  Cole Ledford (@ColeLedford11) March 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump @SenSchumer pic.twitter.com/P0djCRmGwb  ((Molly Jong-Fast)) (@MollyJongFast) March 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump *I may have colluded with the Russians, but Schumer ate a donut with Putin!  Al x Young  (@AlexYoung) March 3, 2017.@realDonaldTrump What about a posthumous investigation of Reagan while we're at it! pic.twitter.com/d5Bkq25j3I  Adam Blickstein (@AdamBlickstein) March 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump The fact that you tweet this from Drudge shows how gullible you are. That was taken in '03 during a PUBLIC OFFICIAL visit.  Chet Powell (@ChetPowell) March 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump @SenSchumer So, Donutgate? ?? Is this how you're going to try & distract from the truth of your treason? #trumprussia  MErider   (@roadchickie) March 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump @SenSchumer This is a photo of them meeting publicly.  Cody Johnston (@drmistercody) March 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump @SenSchumer eating in public isn't the same as a covert meeting during your campaign and lying about it under oath! #treaon  Ryan Chase (@radioryanchase) March 3, 2017Later, Trump demanded an investigation into Nancy Pelosi because she was once photographed with Russian ambassador Kislyak in 2010. Pelosi apparently  mistakenly said that she didn t meet  this Russian ambassador  on Friday. She is seen in the photo sitting across the table from the current ambassador.I hereby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it. https://t.co/qCDljfF3wN  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 3, 2017Pelosi later clarified that she, unlike Trump s people, has never met with the current ambassador privately. Naturally, people were there again to remind Trump that he s an idiot, particularly because it took him three tries to spell one word correctly:In the middle of THREE attempts to correctly spell ""hereby"" in an attack tweet, Trump tweeted about the importance of education. Irony. pic.twitter.com/v53dPnrTEY  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) March 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump @politico I hereby declare that you are SO BAD AT DEFLECTING OUR ATTENTION FROM YOUR OBVIOUS COLLUSION WITH RUSSIA  Kristina Wong   (@mskristinawong) March 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump @politico hereby, hearby, or here by???  Roland Scahill (@rolandscahill) March 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump How many times are you going to try to get this tweet right? Why don't you try presidenting instead of angry tweeting?  Laura Packard (@lpackard) March 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump @politico She wasn't sneaking them in the back door of trump tower and lying about it. Big difference Donnie!  Scarlet Pimpernel (@ScarletPimper17) March 3, 2017Sorry, Mr. Trump, the American people are not all morons, nor will they fall for whatever you hope to gain from  Donutgate.  A Public visit that lasted about 10 minutes is not in any way like multiple secret meetings and perjury.Featured image via Getty Images (Mark Wilson)/screengrab",0
2320, Trump Tries To Tie Chuck Schumer To Putin With Insane Twitter Fit (IMAGE),"It is becoming clearer and clearer that Donald Trump and the people around him have serious ties to Vladimir Putin and Russian operatives. On top of that, the story regarding Trump s Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, meeting with the Russian Ambassador and lying about it under oath completely stepped on what could have been a good news cycle after a surprisingly semi-normal speech delivered to a joint session of Congress. So, what does Trump do in retaliation? Why, he takes to Twitter, of course.First, Trump insisted that it was  illegal leaks  and  fake news  that was the REAL story, not Sessions s shading dealings with the Russian Ambassador and his lies regarding said dealings. When that tactic didn t kill the story, Trump tried an even more insane approach, and tweeted a 13-year-old photo of Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) with Vladimir Putin.This approach makes no sense at all, considering that Team Trump keeps saying that there s absolutely nothing wrong with people in Congress meeting with foreign diplomats and leaders, be they adversaries or otherwise. However, Trump plowed on, and tweeted the following:So, let me get this straight. Trump s people   and let s face, it likely Trump himself   wants a decade- plus old photo of Chuck Schumer with Vladimir Putin investigated, but wants the investigation into his people s dealings with Russian operatives during a presidential campaign that everyone knows was compromised by Russia dropped? That s rich.Don t fall for it, folks. This is nothing but a ridiculous distraction. Where there s smoke, there s fire. There s no smoke with Schumer   but there sure as hell is plenty of smoke with Trump and Co. Let s keep our eye on the ball here, and root these treasonous squatters out of our White House.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2321, Five Facts About The Obama Economy That Trump Does NOT Want You To Know,"Trump likes to pretend he was handed  a mess  when he took office. Unfortunately, that s just not true. By the numbers, consumer confidence is the highest in a decade, unemployment is under five percent, and the country has been adding jobs for 80 straight months.Let s compare that to what President Obama inherited   the November before he took office, 533,000 jobs were lost, and up to three quarters of a million jobs were being lost per month during the crisis. That s over half a million jobs lost in a single month. The United States was in the midst of the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. Obviously voters have short memories, or they d never have given control over the economy back to Republicans after the last fiasco. Hell, even Trump says the economy does better under Democrats.From Bloomberg:Obama took office during the worst recession since the Great Depression, when the economy was losing 750,000 jobs a month and already had lost a record 9 percent of GDP. He completed his two terms with the largest annual gain in the value of the dollar, the biggest annual decrease in household debt as a percentage of disposable income, and the largest annual increases in car sales and hourly wages. His presidency coincided with the second-highest annual gain in home equity and trailed only the Clinton period in deficit reduction as a percentage of GDP.Facts matter.For all their talk of  balanced budgets,  Republicans are really, really bad at balancing budgets. That s probably because they re more concerned with tax breaks for the rich and big business than they are with actually staying grounded in reality.It s well-known that President Clinton is the only modern president to ever balance the budget, and President Obama did the best after him as a percentage of GDP   and that s including the massive stimulus he used to fix our broken economy. The last Republican president, President George W. Bush, increased the nation s debt over 100 percent and left us with the financial crisis.In Trump s world of alternative facts, half the country is unemployed and begging for a savior. That doesn t match up with reality, though. The latest jobs report from the Department of Labor shows the truth   a 4.6 percent unemployment rate, and nearly sixteen million jobs added over the last eight years. I ll remind you again   the economy was losing hundreds of thousands of jobs per month when President Obama assumed office. He saved us.The United States is poised to save $100 billion in healthcare spending over the next decade thanks to Obamacare, studies have shown. Meanwhile, Republicans want to repeal Obamacare for strictly political purposes (likely replacing it with a similar plan   it was a conservative plan to start with, as most progressives favor Medicare-for-all or another form of universal healthcare), which is estimated to cost hundreds of billions  not to mention leaving the American people high and dry when it comes to seeking medical care.You can also thank President Obama for the fact that the United States is still competitive in the automotive industry. His stimulus single-handedly saved American cars. In fact, hundreds of thousands of jobs were added thanks to him, and GM, Ford, and Chrysler all saw significant profit increases thanks to the Obama task force. The Bush administration gets a tiny bit of credit for short-term loans that prevented bankruptcy until Obama assumed office, but that s giving credit holding off slightly on a disaster Bush was initially responsible for. Then President Obama stepped in and fixed it.Featured image via Pool/Getty",0
2322, WATCH: Nicolle Wallace Just Ripped Trump A New One For Having So Much Secret Contact With Russia,"If Donald Trump and his team were planning to continue using the ole  I forgot  defense to explain all these secret meetings with Russian officials during the campaign, he should think again.Because during an appearance on the TODAY Show with Chuck Todd, Republican strategist Nicolle Wallace blew that defense out of the water by pointing out that while one Trump official could reasonably say they forgot about a meeting, it s really hard to believe that all of them could have simply forgotten that they met with Russian officials.The number of Trump officials who met or spoke to Russian officials during the campaign has only risen in recent weeks as it has been revealed that Jeff Sessions and Jared Kushner both communicated with them during the election in addition to Michael Flynn, who lied about his own contact with Russian officials and had to resign for it. It s inexplicable now why so many people had so many meetings with so many Russians that they forgot about,  Wallace said.Wallace went on to call for a 9/11-style commission to investigate Trump s Russia scandal and when Todd asked if Trump and his team could offer one big excuse to explain their actions, she made it clear that Trump is cornered. There is none! So many people having so many contacts and not remembering? It doesn t make sense. They re either the most forgetful team in political history or the most intimate with Russia. And neither one of those labels is good for Trump and his administration.Here s the video:Jeff Sessions did not forget his meeting with Russian officials during the campaign. He simply lied under oath about it and is making an excuse to avoid being charged with committing perjury.Donald Trump s Russia scandal only continues to get worse and his desperate attempts to distract the American public no longer work. It s time for Congress to take this scandal seriously and investigate it. But Republicans should not investigate it themselves. It s clear they are too biased to do it, so they must appoint an independent commission and a special prosecutor. It s the only way to make sure this gets done and gets done right.Featured image via YouTube",0
2323, Hypocrite Jeff Sessions’ OWN WORDS On Perjury Just Came Back To Bite Him On The Ass,"If Jeff Sessions really cares about the law and the Constitution he ll read his own words about perjury and resign in disgrace.During his confirmation hearing to become Donald Trump s Attorney General, Sessions took a very clear question from Senator Al Franken and answered it with a very clear answer.Sessions was asked if he had any communication with Russian officials during the 2016 campaign. I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I did not have communications with the Russians,  Sessions responded.And as we now know, that was a complete and total lie that was told under oath.In other words, Sessions perjured himself in front of Congress.So far, Sessions has refused to resign, and that makes him a hypocrite considering what he once said about Bill Clinton in 1999 after Republicans failed to impeach the former president.According to the New York Times, here is what Sessions had to say after the acquittal.It has been proven beyond a reasonable doubt and to a moral certainty that President William Jefferson Clinton perjured himself before a Federal grand jury and has persisted in a continuous pattern of lying and obstructing justice. The chief law-enforcement officer of the land, whose oath of office calls on him to preserve, protect and defend the Constitution, crossed the line and failed to defend and protect the law and, in fact, attacked the law and the rights of a fellow citizen. Under our Constitution, equal justice requires that he forfeit his office. For these reasons, I felt compelled to vote to convict and remove the President from office. . . .It is crucial to our system of justice that we demand the truth. I fear that an acquittal of this President will weaken the legal system by providing an option for those who consider being less than truthful in court. Whereas the handling of the case against President Nixon clearly strengthened the nation s respect for law, justice and truth, the Clinton impeachment may unfortunately have the opposite result.Now the man who called for  equal justice  and said  we demand the truth  just got caught committing perjury and he is refusing to forfeit his office.Having an extramarital affair is not against the law. But Republicans decided to go on a political witch hunt for it back in the 1990s even though several of those lawmakers who voted to impeach Clinton were themselves caught cheating on their spouses.Colluding with the Russians during a critical election on behalf of the Republican candidate and lying about it under oath is far worse than anything Bill Clinton ever did.By all rights, Sessions should be impeached from office, but Republicans are only interested in impeaching officials if it helps their agenda. They are hypocrites and the whole lot of them do not deserve to hold office in this country.It s time for Jeff Sessions to look at himself in the mirror and decide if equal justice and the truth are as important to him now as he claimed it was then. Because if not, he should not be the Attorney General.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2324, WATCH: Patrick Stewart Is Doing Something AWESOME So He Can Fight Back Against Donald Trump,"Sir Patrick Stewart, like any sane person in or outside of the U.S., has a severe problem with Donald Trump and everything he stands for. He s so determined to oppose Trump in everything he does that he s doing something absolutely incredible: He s applied for U.S. citizenship. Speaking on  The View,  he said his friends were telling him how he can help: All of my friends in Washington said,  There is one thing you can do. Fight, fight, oppose, oppose. But how do you do that when you re a resident and citizen of a foreign country? Yes, Stewart is British and the U.K. is one of our biggest, best and closest allies, but he s still a foreign national. It seems he feels that, as a foreigner, his ability to help us out is limited. Joy Behar jokingly asked him if he d be willing to take Trump off our hands, and his initial reply was,  We have our own problems.  That was in reference to Brexit, which was the dumbest thing a Western nation had done in recent history right up until we told the U.K. to hold our beer while we held an election. But then he dropped this: I m not a [U.S.] citizen. However, there is, maybe it s the only good thing, as the result of this election: I am now applying for citizenship. Because I want to be an American too. Is there a more meaningful way to help us resist the growing corrupt, authoritarian regime occupying the White House? Watch part of his interview below:Patrick Stewart s becoming a U.S. citizen to oppose Trump:  My friends said  there s one thing you can do: fight!  pic.twitter.com/6XFYiIkerb  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) March 3, 2017Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
2325," Former Secretary Of State Drops MASSIVE Shocker On Trump’s Foreign Policy, And He’ll DESPISE It","Madeleine Albright, who served as Secretary of State under Bill Clinton, has something to say about Trump and his immigration and foreign policy positions. Trump, as we all know, is in love with the idea that only he and his policies can protect us from ISIS. However, real international diplomats know that s not true, and Albright said so on a podcast with former Obama strategist David Axelrod.Albright just came right out and said it: If this   anti-immigrant rhetoric and the executive order that came out was supposed to protect us, it has done the opposite. Frankly, it s a great recruiting tool for ISIS. We already know that ISIS has used Trump in recruiting videos, but what Albright says is that Trump is destroying any incentive that Iraqis and other Middle Easterners might have to help us, as opposed to helping ISIS or doing nothing at all. Trump s Muslim ban doesn t just alienate them, it also makes it a lot more difficult to gather intelligence from the region. We need cooperation for intelligence-gathering, but why should they help us when we re openly calling them the enemy via our immigration policies?Albright also said that she believes Trump and his chief strategist, Steve Bannon, are actually hostile to Europe while being overly friendly to Russia. That, too, can serve as recruitment for ISIS and other terrorist groups, if for no other reason than it demonstrates how fickle we are, and how unlikely to keep our promises and back up our allies we are.Trump claimed he could beat ISIS inside of 30 days (although he didn t say which 30-day period he was talking about). If nothing else, he s said that we have to beef up our military strength, and implied that we need to ally with whoever we can (even former enemies) in order to beat them.Albright is right, and Trump is putting us in danger. All his anti-immigrant, nationalist rhetoric does is galvanize everyone who already felt alienated by our foreign policy. That includes Muslims, particularly those living here in the U.S. We are not safer under Trump, and ISIS knows that.Featured image by Aude Guerrucci via Getty Images",0
2326, Trump Just Accidentally Confirmed Russian Contact With Sessions In Latest Twitter Fit,"Just when you thought Trump might have calmed down while basking in the glow of his written-for-him speech at the Joint Address, he decides to come out and make zero sense with a chopped up statement about Attorney General Jeff Sessions. He could have just left it as a statement on his Facebook page and offered a link to it, but no, he decided to appear as crazy as ever.Keep in mind it was about eight minutes between tweets   that s a lot of words for his tiny thumbs.He tweeted: Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election and now, they have lost their grip on reality. The real story is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total witch hunt! Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 3, 2017 intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 3, 2017 to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 3, 2017 is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total ""witch hunt!""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 3, 2017First of all, Sessions didn t only lie, he lied under oath, which is otherwise known as perjury. Trump then saying he he could have been more accurate also proves he lied.Secondly, this has nothing to do with Democrats and everything to do with listening to our entire intelligence community and following through with evidence that Russia interfered with our election. Something Trump doesn t want to look into, because a.) he either took part in it OR b.) because he won and doesn t want the results changed. Both reasons prove he cares nothing about the sanctity of American democracy.Lastly, saying there are leaks and that there s nothing there in the same sentence contradicts itself. Which is it? Are there leaks with info getting out about Russia? Or is there nothing there? Can t be both.Trump is running in circles and is clearly panicked. He s trying to say there s nothing wrong with any of this and it s all everyone else s fault (never his), meanwhile, he s making himself look pretty damn guilty.Having Twitter fits late in the evening isn t a good look on anyone.Featured Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2327, Trump Advisor’s Excuse For His Boss Ignoring White Terrorism Is Beyond Laughable; It’s Dangerous,"Donald Trump took quite a bit of heat following the racist shooting in Kansas City that resulted in the deaths of two Indian engineers. The perpetrator shouted what sounded like Trump-inspired racial slurs like  get out of my country,  before killing Srinivas Kuchibholta, who died and Alok Madasani, who was injured. Trump took almost a week to address the shooting at all. There was also a spate of vandalism toward Jewish cemeteries and for most of a week, crickets from Trump.Trump did finally talk about the shooting and the vandalism in his address to Congress on Tuesday, but many say it was too little too late. After all, Trump doesn t hesitate in calling out Muslim terrorists. He and his people even make up terrorist attacks.In an interview with CNN s Alisyn Camerota, Trump surrogate Anthony Scaramucci said that the only reason Trump didn t address the Kansas City shooting and the string of vandalism in Jewish cemeteries, was that it would cause more fear and civil unrest. He s not constantly condemning [hate crimes by white people],  Camerota pointed out.  There was silence after Kansas City. He didn t tweet about it. Some people felt if had it been a Muslim, had it been a Middle Eastern gunman instead of a white gunman, he would have immediately condemned it. The president is controlling the bully pulpit and the news cycle, and he doesn t want to overly discuss the stuff because you re worried that in itself will cause a fire,  he replied.  You re trying to strike the right balance. You can agree with me or disagree with me. I do believe the president has consistently, and maybe not with the level of volume you d like, but he has consistently and his administration has consistently denounced these acts of violence. Source: Raw StoryHere s the video:Let s see if you can follow that logic   and I ll be frank, I m having trouble with it. Trump s anti-Muslim rhetoric, which has always flowed freely whenever he speaks or tweets, is a huge recruiting tool for ISIS. Apparently, he doesn t care that he is causing unrest and fear toward Muslims and by Muslims.Hate crimes since the election have been up and hate groups are on the rise. The horse has left the barn as far as Trump inspiring hate, but he does have the bully pulpit. If he can influence hate, he can certainly influence people not to act on their hatred. He won t, though. As more and more sane people turn against him, Trump is left with a base that looks a lot like Hitler s Brownshirts. He doesn t want to offend his biggest supporters.Featured image via video screen capture",0
2328, Rachel Maddow Obtains Document That Means VERY BAD News For Trump’s Muslim Ban,"Ever since the courts blocked Donald Trump s ridiculous Muslim ban, the White House has been saying that they will fight it all the way, that the ban would be back in short order. However, the Trump Administration keeps putting it off. Now, it seems that the ban may not happen at all.The Rachel Maddow Show has obtained a document from the Department of Homeland Security that essentially says that the travel ban based upon nationality has absolutely nothing to do with protecting the nation from terrorist attacks. In fact, the new document says that most extremists are brainwashed into their ideology right here on American soil. They generally tend to be citizens and legal residents. So, in other words, there is absolutely no reason to ban people based upon nationality. Couple that with the fact that Trump and those in his orbit are openly anti-Muslim, and one can only conclude that this  travel ban  is nothing but an attempt to make Trump s call to keep Muslims out of the country pass constitutional muster.Even more damning is the fact that the chaos caused by the clumsy roll out of Trump s original Executive Order regarding this matter, and we can only come to the conclusion that Trump will again be met with resistance from the courts if he tries to do this again.Watch the report below:Featured image via Erik McGregor/Pacific Press/LightRocket via Getty Images",0
2329," Trump EXPLODES After Jeff Sessions Gets Caught Lying About Russia, Claims It’s A ‘Total Witch Hunt’","Jeff Sessions just got busted for lying about his ties to Russia during the campaign and Donald Trump was quick to whine about it.When Sessions was being grilled in the Senate during his confirmation hearing, Senator Al Franken asked him directly if he had been in contact with the Russians during the election. I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I did not have communications with the Russians,  Sessions said.Sessions  statement was made under oath, which means he committed perjury. Perjury is illegal and that means the United States currently has an Attorney General who broke the law to gain his position.Several lawmakers have demanded that Sessions resign and recuse himself from any investigations into Donald trump s ties to Russia.So far, Sessions has refused to resign, which is rather hypocritical since Michael Flynn lied to Mike Pence and had to resign. And Flynn was not under oath when he lied. Sessions WAS under oath.Despite getting caught lying, Trump issued an official White House hissy fit calling the whole scandal a  witch hunt  against  an honest man  while also once again bringing up the election results and the leaks. Jeff Sessions is an honest man,  Trump began.  He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed to win. They lost the election and now, they have lost their grip on reality. The real story is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total witch hunt! JUST IN: President Trump releases a statement on Attorney General Jeff Sessions, says  It is a total witch hunt!  pic.twitter.com/Jogoc25Ggt  CBS Evening News (@CBSEveningNews) March 3, 2017But Sessions DID say something wrong when he lied in response to a question he received during his confirmation hearing. He directly insisted that he  did not have any communications with the Russians  during the campaign. But, in fact, he DID meet with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak twice during the election, which means he LIED to Congress.Sessions violated U.S. Code 1621 by committing perjury and is subject to a fine or a maximum five years behind bars. Congress has a duty to punish Sessions for lying under oath and he should be forced to resign as Attorney General. The Russia scandal just keeps getting worse for Trump, and it is time for Republicans to appoint a special prosecutor and independent commission to investigate.Featured image via Getty Images",0
2330, President Obama To Receive Distinguished ‘Profiles In Courage’ Award,"On the 100th anniversary of President John F. Kennedy s birth, President Barack Obama will be awarded the prestigious Proles in Courage award, which honors those who show grace and courage in American politics.Written in an email sent out by Kennedy s grandson, Jack Schlossberg:On behalf of the Profile in Courage Award Committee, I m honored to tell you that this year, as we celebrate the centennial of President Kennedy s birth, we have chosen a man who has elevated the standard of political courage in a new century: President Barack H. Obama.Faced with unrelenting political opposition, President Obama has embodied the definition of courage that my grandfather cites in the opening lines of Profiles in Courage:  Grace under pressure.  Throughout his two terms in office, he represented all Americans with decency, integrity, and an unshakable commitment to the greater good.There is no other person more deserving of this award than President Obama, whose family oriented and good-natured demeanor is sharply missed.The email went on to say that  President Obama put policy above politics  through his work with healthcare reform, normalizing Cuban-American relations, and his fight against climate change.The awards have been given out every year since 1989, and past recipients include Russ Feingold, Gerald Ford, George W. Bush, John Lewis, Gabrielle Giffiords, Ted Kennedy and the brave men and women who sacrificed their lives and safety on 9/11.Simply put, this award is given to those who put personal feelings, politics and their safety aside to do what is right in our national discoursePresident Obama will receive his award on May 7 and give a speech. According to the committee chairman that doles out the award, Al Hunt, President Obama was not given it because of any one specific action taken while in office (as most people are given). Instead the committee wanted to  do something different this year,  and that the committee was in  total agreement  about President Obama getting the award.Congratulations, Mr. President. After right years of unparalleled obstruction and racism, I can think of no one more deserving. He held his head high with grace and dignity, and never besmirched or questioned the character of those he disagreed with. How the times have changed so quickly.Featured image via Getty Images",0
2331, Analysis: Trump Lied 53 Times During His Congressional Speech,"Recently, the mainstream media (yes, including the  liberals ) fawned over President Trump s  presidential  address to a joint session of Congress. Why? Because he actually acted like a semi-decent human being. Instead of going off script on his usual childish tantrums and praise of himself, he stuck to the teleprompter and delivered a pretty forgettable speech.There was just one tiny thing that the mainstream media failed to notice: his speech was absolutely riddled with lies. And when we say riddled, we mean a significant chunk of the things he said in his hour speech were either misleading, factually incorrect, or flat out falsehoods.The Center for American Progress found that in the 61 minutes President Trump spoke, he lied 53 times. That s one lie almost every minute.Through an incredibly detailed spread sheet, CAP was able to identify every false statement and correct it for the record. It s pretty damning to see how often and easily the President of the United States can lie to the American people.Among President Trump s most egregious lies were:Everyone knows Trump lies and lies often. We ve known this since the campaign. We know that everything listed above can be easily disproved. The only reason Trump got high marks for his speech was 1) less people watched than the previous one, 2) more Republicans watched than independents and Democrats, and 3) he spoke  normally.  Besides that, it was typical Trump: an ill-informed demagogue who stokes fear by racially scapegoating Mexicans and blaming everything on President Obama.The media (and indeed the American electorate) cannot let President Trump get away with being a shameful liar simply because he talks in a polite voice and stays on script. America is better than to forgive this fascist after all he s done to this country and our standing in the world. Be vigilant.Featured image Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2332, Tom Hanks Gives White House Press Corps A Great Gift To Help Them Keep Fighting Trump,"Actor and Medal of Freedom recipient Tom Hanks is doing his part to support the free press against the tyranny of Donald Trump.The White House Press Corps has had to deal with a lot of bullshit, so Hanks sent them a gift that ought to keep them going for the long haul.CNN White House producer Allie Malloy reported on Twitter that Hanks sent the White House Press Corps an expresso machine so they can keep pumping themselves full of all the caffeine and sugar they need for all the long days and late nights of keeping the American public informed on what Trump and his administration are doing. Keep up the good fight for Truth, Justice, and the American Way,  Hanks wrote before taking a clear shot at Trump.  Especially for the Truth part. Tom Hanks note to the WH press corps attached to the espresso machine he gifted. pic.twitter.com/JAZy8ghetc  Allie Malloy (@AlliemalCNN) March 2, 2017Indeed, Trump lies every time he opens his mouth and his team refers to their lies as  alternative facts. The press has had to dig deep since Trump took office to keep the American people informed and fact-check all of his claims, most of which have been debunked as lies.This isn t the first time Hanks has slammed Trump.During the campaign Hanks burned Trump for bragging about grabbing women by the genitals without their consent. He was at work, man,  Hanks said during an interview in October.  He wasn t in a locker room. He was at work. He was showing up to do a thing on camera. Look  I m offended as a man. I m not offended as a husband or a father. I m offended as a guy. That s just not right, I m sorry. It s not right at work, it s not right in the locker room. It s wrong, period. The end. That s all. Featured image via Wikimedia",0
2333, Betsy DeVos: Black Colleges That Came From Jim Crow Are Models Of ‘School Choice’,"Donald Trump s secretary of education, Betsy DeVos, doesn t just have trouble with grammar. Apparently, she struggles with American history as well.Following Trump s meeting with the leaders of Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs), DeVos sent out a tweet that can only be described as completely clueless. According to the new education secretary, HBCUs are pioneers of  school choice. Wowwowwow. These paragraphs are from a real, official US Department of Education statement from Betsy DeVos released today. pic.twitter.com/I2FDZfzdmt  Ankit Panda (@nktpnd) February 28, 2017DeVos couldn t have gotten things more backward if she had tried. Historically black schools aren t models of  school choice.  In fact, it is the exact opposite. These schools arose because there was no choice. Slaves were forbidden from learning how to read and write. Following their emancipation, most white schools refused to let black students in.The first HBCUs were started to educate black teachers so that black children would have a shot at receiving any type of education at all. Later, in addition to the private institutions that had been founded, southern states set up public colleges to serve blacks rather than integrate existing schools.If DeVos really believes this is something to aspire to, it certainly does explain a lot. As secretary of education, she plans to  fix  our  broken  education system by diverting federal funds from public schools to private schools, which are largely unregulated. Critics argue that this will serve only to accelerate the resegregation of American schools.Following the integration of public schools in America, white parents who didn t want their children to share classrooms with black students opted to send their children to private schools. In the decade following the passage of the Civil Rights Act, approximately half a million white students left public schools for private ones.Maybe DeVos isn t just an idiot with no understanding of history after all. Between her tweet and her vision for the future of American schools, we are forced to ask if taking our children and their education back to the days of Jim Crow has really been her intention all along.Featured image via Mario Tama/Getty Images",0
2334, GOP Rep Goes Full Racist While Giving RIDICULOUS Reasons For Avoiding Town Hall,"A cowardly Republican gave a racist excuse for why he doesn t want to face his constituents at a town hall.As angry Americans show up to town halls to give their Republican representatives hell over their obsession with repealing the Affordable Care Act, an Illinois Republican has decided that he doesn t care about his constituents enough to take criticism from them in person.Rep. Mike Bost has been largely ducking his constituents by holding tele-town halls that they aren t informed about until the last minute, which means not a lot of people are able to participate. Those that do are dedicated supporters who will agree with everything Bost says without any push back whatsoever. The in-person ones going on around the United States right now are out of control, which means you don t actually get to talk to people and listen, and we re looking for ways to do that,  Bost told The Southern Illinoisan.And then Bost made a racist comparison to describe the angry people who are attending town halls. The amount of time that I have at home is minimal, I need to make sure that it s productive. You know the cleansing that the Orientals used to do where you d put one person out in front and 900 people yell at them? That s not what we need. We need to have meetings with people that are productive. I m not going to have the public town hall meetings, in that respect, because I am busy trying to work on the issue,  Bost continued.  If all you want to do is stand and yell at me   we re not going back and forth. What Bost wants is a town hall where he won t be criticized and won t have to answer the criticism. You know, because Bost and Republicans like him are snowflakes who want to pretend that everyone likes them and what they are doing in Congress.Republicans know that repealing the Affordable Care Act is getting more and more unpopular as their own constituents begin to realize that they will lose their own healthcare.To explain the anger at town halls, Republicans have falsely portrayed their own constituents as out-of-state paid protesters rather than admit that they are wrong to repeal the landmark healthcare program.But as Republicans continue to duck their voters they will only make them angrier in the long run. When the 2018 midterm election comes around they won t be able to avoid the voice of the people then. And they will discover quickly that they made a huge mistake by not facing their constituents when they had a chance.Featured image via St. Louis Public Radio",0
2335, ‘The Fuse Is Lit’: Legendary News Anchor Dan Rather Says Trump-Russia Scandal Is About To EXPLODE,"Legendary news anchor Dan Rather said on Thursday that it shouldn t be long now before Donald Trump s cozy relationship with Russia becomes a real problem for him. Every once in a while in Washington, the fuse is lit for what seems to be a big scandal. Much more rarely does that fuse lead to an explosion of the magnitude we are seeing with Russia and the new Administration, and frankly the Republicans in Congress,  Rather wrote on Facebook.  How can anybody say, with all this billowing smoke and sights of actual flames, that there is no need to at least independently investigate whether a fire is burning down the very pillars of our democracy? The numerous investigations currently ongoing into the Trump campaign s  constant  contact with high-level Russian officials, Michael Flynn s resignation after it was revealed that he lied  bigly  about his relationship with Ambassador Sergey Kislyak   and, of course now the likelihood that notorious racist Jeff Sessions also perjured himself about his coziness with Kislyak, Rather says things are going to get bad quickly:The pressure is obviously starting to mount as leading Republicans are now calling for Attorney General Jeff Sessions to recuse himself from the Russia investigation. This comes in the wake of serious and credible evidence reported by a vigilant press that the Attorney General, mind you the top law enforcement man in the United States, perjured himself in testimony to the Senate about meeting the Russian ambassador during the election. Sessions is but the latest person close to President Trump who seems to be ensnared in a story that is more worthy of Hollywood melodrama than the reality of the governance of our country. Democrats are calling for Sessions to resign, and this story could move very quickly. We are well past the time for any political niceties or benefits of the doubt. We need an independent and thorough investigation of Russia s meddling in our democracy and its ties to the President and his allies,  Rather says.  We don t know what we don t know. Perhaps there are perfectly innocuous reasons for why Mr Trump won t release his tax returns, why he has continued to speak admirably about President Putin and why his aides and advisors seem to be so close to Russia. That s why we need an investigation. If the air is to be cleared, it needs to be cleared. And if there is deep rot, it needs to be exposed. And quickly. Rather says that the press is doing an  admirable  job at holding this administration to account, but  there is only so much it can do without such things as subpoena powers :Let s just make this clear. This is about a foreign and hostile power trying to influence our election while being in contact with close aides to the presidential campaign that the Kremlin wanted to win. Furthermore, there are serious questions about Mr Trump s longstanding ties to Russian money and influence peddlers. We don t know where this might go, but it isn t going away.Rather is right   things are looking pretty bad for Trump. Now we just need to wait for the other shoe to drop.Read his post below:(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Every once in a while in Washington, the fuse is lit for what seems to be a big scandal. Much more rarely does that fuse Posted by Dan Rather on Thursday, March 2, 2017Featured image via screengrab",0
2336, BREAKING: Republican House Intel Chair THREATENS The Press After Asking About Russia (VIDEO),"There is something going on right now within our government that is very, very concerning. With evidence stacking up against Donald Trump and his administration regarding connections to Russia, the Republican party seems to be defending him. Part of that defense seems to be a direct threat agains the press for having the audacity to use their First Amendment right to hold the *president accountable and tell the whole story.During a press conference with House Intelligence Chair Devin Nunes (R-CA), instead of answering questions about Russia, he turned the questions on their head and told the press that if they are found trying to seek answers from the Russian embassy that they will be the ones investigated.In an effort to deflect, Nunes said: I m sure some of you are in contact with the Russian embassy, so be careful what you ask for here, because if we start getting transcripts of any of you or other Americans talking to the press   do you want us to conduct an investigation on you or other Americans because you were talking to the Russian embassy. I just think we need to be careful. What the hell is happening? The press will be investigated for trying to report the story? How about investigate Donald Trump and his administration. How about hold him accountable for his many actions. How about demanding to see his tax returns so we can see his financial ties for the safety and security of the nation. How about instead of threatening reporters, you put party politics aside and work for the American people as you were elected to do.Wow. Just, wow.This isn t okay AT ALL.Watch here:Featured Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2337, Trump Jr Was Paid $50k For An Event Hosted By Russian Allies In October (DETAILS),"It s not just people tied to alleged president Donald Trump s campaign and administration who are linked to Russia, it s also his eldest son. According to the Wall Street Journal, Donald Trump Jr. was likely paid at least $50,000 for an appearance late last year before a French think tank whose founder and wife are allies of the Russian government in efforts to end the war in Syria.On Oct. 11 at the Ritz Hotel in Paris, hosted by the Center of Political and Foreign Affairs, Trump s son addressed a dinner.We re not sure how a murderous thug like Vladimir Putin would be nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize:Its president, Fabien Baussart, and his Syrian-born wife, Randa Kassis, have cooperated with Russia in its drive to end the Syrian civil war, according to U.S., European and Arab officials. In December, Mr. Baussart formally nominated Russian President Vladimir Putin for the Nobel Peace Prize.Mrs. Kassis is a leader of a political faction endorsed by Russia in negotiations to end the war in Syria. The couple said they don t represent Russia and are solely focused on ending the Syrian conflict. Donald Trump Jr. has been participating in business-related speaking engagements for over a decade discussing a range of topics including sharing his entrepreneurial experiences and offering career specific advice,  the company s vice-president for marketing said.But it appears to be about more than sharing experiences.Mrs. Kassis heads a political party, the Movement for a Pluralistic Society, which is part of a faction endorsed by Russia in international negotiations aimed at ending the six-year Syrian conflict. She regularly visits Moscow to coordinate policy with Russia s Foreign Ministry, said Arab and European officials, and portrayed in Russian state media.In interviews, Mrs. Kassis said she stressed to Donald Trump Jr. in October the need for the U.S. and Russia to cooperate in ending the Syrian conflict. She said she passed on Mr. Trump s views to Russian diplomats in subsequent trips she s made to Moscow.Embattled Attorney General is the seventh person associated with Trump s campaign or administration with ties to Russia. Sessions lied under oath, saying that he had not spoken with Russian officials while working on Trump s campaign. Trump s son s financial connection to an entity associated with the Kremlin brings up even more questions.Donald Trump s financial debt to Russia, along with allegations that Russia is blackmailing him, and his pro-Russian political policies while praising Vladimir Putin, make the issue of releasing his taxes even more important now. American banks stopped lending the former reality show star money. Deutsche Bank, an entity who has loaned Donald a hell of a lot of money, was recently fined  502m over Russia money laundering claims.There s a reason so many Americans were concerned over Trump s massive amount of conflicts of interest. One of them being that he could be beholden to a hostile foreign entity such as Russia. But, Trump supporters wanted a man with zero political experience in office, some of them doing so in the belief that their candidate would create jobs. So far, Trump has created weekend vacations for himself, scandals and held thank you rallies. #MAGA!Photo by John Moore/Getty Images.",0
2338, Sniveling Coward Ted Cruz Calls Sessions’ Scandal A ‘Nothing Burger’ (VIDEO),"Attorney General Jeff Sessions  scandal is so explosive that on Thursday Congressional Republicans began breaking ranks to join Democrats in demanding that he recuse himself from overseeing an investigation into contacts between the Trump campaign and the Russian government. Sessions testified under oath that he had not spoke to Russian officials while working on Trump s campaign, but that wasn t true. Lying under oath is still against the law. Sessions marks the seventh person with Trump s campaign/administration who has been caught in a scandal related to Russia. To be sure, Sessions should not just recuse himself. He should resign.Still yet, Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) defended Sessions because of course, he did.  What we are seeing is a lot of political theater,  Cruz, the man who held a reading of Green Eggs And Ham and shut down the government, said Thursday on MSNBC s  Morning Joe. Everyone is in high dudgeon about the meeting,  Cruz said.  The underlying meeting is a nothing burger. It s what senators do every day. Meeting with foreign ambassadors, that s part of the job. Sessions lied under oath about his meetings with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak.Even House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz (R-UT) called on Sessions to recuse himself.AG Sessions should clarify his testimony and recuse himself  Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) March 2, 2017 I think everyone is getting all worked up because it s a chance to beat up the attorney general and to beat up the president,  the Texas Senator said.  But I think the underlying meeting is he is doing his job. It is not part of an Attorney General s  job  to lie under oath.Cruz said that Sessions could  been more clear  during his confirmation hearing, but said that the Attorney General is  a man of integrity, a man of candor. In contrast, Democrats such as Elizabeth Warren and House Minority leader Nancy Pelosi are calling for Sessions to resign.And we need Attorney General Jeff Sessions   who should have never been confirmed in the first place   to resign. We need it now.  Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) March 2, 2017When Sessions was a Senator in 1999, he described the perjury claims against President Bill Clinton as  serious allegations. In America, the Supreme Court and the American people believe no one is above the law,  he said at the time. Sessions went on to vote guilty  on charges of perjury and obstruction of justice during Bill Clinton s impeachment trial.Image via screen capture",0
2339," HE’S COMING BACK: Obama Returning To DC To Lead The Fight Against Donald Trump, And Conservatives Are TERRIFIED (SCREENSHOTS)","According to a family friend, Barack Obama has plans for that D.C. mansion he rented   and Trump is not going to like what they are. No longer the most powerful man in the world, he was just observing Trump and not liking what he saw,  the friend says. The goal is to oust Trump either by forcing him to resign or orchestrating his impeachment. According to the source, even longtime Obama confidante Valerie Jarrett is coming back to help get rid of Trump, taking up residence in a suite of rooms in Obama s home. He was weary and burned out after eight years in office. But Valerie convinced him that he didn t have any choice if he wanted to save his legacy,  the friend says.  And, as usual, he bowed to Valerie s political wisdom and advice. There was never any doubt that Valerie would have a suite of rooms in the house that the Obama s are renting,  said the source.  Obama trusts her judgment more than any other person on the planet, as does Michelle. Obama doesn t make a decision without her. He is going to use his immense popularity with the half of the country that identifies as liberals and progressives. Millions of Americans are energized and ready to take to the streets to oppose Trump, but they need to be organized and have their anger focused and directed,  says the source.  Obama is dismayed at the way Trump is tearing down his legacy ObamaCare, the social safety net and the welcome mat for refugees he put in place.  He is also not fond of Trump s cabinet picks   particularly notorious racist Jeff Sessions. He had hoped to write his memoirs, golf to his heart s content. and bask in the glory of his eight years in power and the progressive achievements he brought about. Instead, he is going to be leading the fight and strategy to topple Trump,  says the family friend.Recently, former Attorney General Eric Holder heralded the President s return: It s coming. He s coming. And he s ready to roll. This is really a battle for our democracy,  Holder says of Jeff Sessions  recent decision to no longer challenge discriminatory voting laws.  The notion that people are denied their ability to cast a meaningful vote  is inconsistent with who we say we are, inconsistent with what we say our democracy is about. Naturally, conservatives want Obama investigated and locked up or even killed  for unspecified and/or nonsensical reasons:       Trump fans are scared (and just as racist as ever). As easily the most popular President in modern history, if anyone stands a chance of successfully leading the fight against President Asterisk, it s him.",0
2340," The White House Just Issued A Statement On Jeff Sessions’ Treason, And It’s Absolutely SICK","Trump s newly-minted Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, is apparently just another liar who s looking out more for himself than he is justice. As the head of the Department of Justice, he should be the last person who would ever even consider lying under oath. Yet, lie he did, and now it s coming back to bite him. Democrats are all over him for it, and Trump s White House was forced to issue a statement on this.The thing is, though, that the Trump administration is wholly incapable of admitting wrongdoing in any way, shape or form. So their statement says nothing about Sessions  lies, and instead, blames one of Trump s old foes: the Democrats themselves.WH blames Sessions story on Democrats trying to damage POTUS after speech to Congress. pic.twitter.com/pZ5VcMIeEJ  Jim Acosta (@Acosta) March 2, 2017 This is the latest attack against the Trump Administration by partisan Democrats.  Oh please. If Sessions had, in fact, met with Russian diplomats in his official capacity as a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, then why wouldn t he just say so? Who lies when they re sure they were well within the law and their rights to do something?Seriously. Records literally show that Sessions spoke to the Russian ambassador to the U.S. twice during Trump s presidential campaign. Nobody would lie if they truly believed they were within their legal rights (and the capacity of their job) to speak to anyone, even an enemy.The only conclusion we re left with is that Sessions lied, just like the disgraced General, Michael Flynn, lied. The White House s statement on this is typical   blaming the opposition for everything that goes wrong, including catching people committing perjury. When was the last time we had an administration lie with such impunity? Some will say Obama did, but he didn t. Trump s administration started off with lies, and it s continuing under lies. Sessions must either resign or be indicted, and Trump himself must be impeached.The treason of this administration must stop now.Featured image by Zach Gibson via Getty Images",0
2341, House GOP Puts DISGUSTING Restriction On Who’s Allowed To See Their New Healthcare Plan,"Paul Ryan said that the House would implement a completely transparent process for repealing and replacing Obamacare. Either Ryan has no idea what his fellow Republicans are up to, or he himself lied about this. He specifically told the  Today Show: We re not hatching some bill in a backroom and plopping it on the American people s front door. Really. There s a problem, considering that Rep. Chris Collins, of New York, said to the Washington Examiner: [The plan will] be made available Thursday morning to Republicans in a basement room of an office building that adjoins the Capitol. That s what they consider transparent? Please! What are they afraid of?According to New York Magazine, the GOP s  replacement  will absolutely rip health insurance away from millions of Americans   the same millions who were able to afford insurance under the ACA. That s especially true for low-income Americans, who benefited greatly from the ACA s expansion of Medicaid, and also the tax subsidies that went towards the cost of premiums for people who made too much for Medicaid, but too little to afford insurance any other way.In Trump s empty speech to a joint session of Congress, he reiterated the old GOP talking points of expanded health savings accounts and tax credits. The thing with those tax credits, though, is that they re based entirely on age. A 50-year old wealthy person would get the same tax credit as a 50-year old poor person. That gives the poor a lot less help than they re getting now, while the rich get a tax credit they don t need.But isn t that par for the course for the GOP? Anything to help their rich buddies, and the poor can go fuck themselves, because they really should have thought of all of this before they decided to be poor. Right? Right.Wrong. That would be part of why House Republicans only want this plan to be made available to Republicans. Democrats and everyone else would rightfully blast it for what it is   more help to the rich while leaving the poor in the dust.The rest of the problems likely have to do with insurance coverage and the deficit, but according to Collins, the House Health Subcommittee might vote on their bill before the Congressional Budget Office has a chance to release its score, so it s not yet clear who all (besides the poor) will be hurt. That would probably be another reason Republicans don t want anyone else seeing this.It s disgusting. It s ridiculous. It s manipulative. And it s classic Republicanism. They ve sunk to a low we didn t think they were capable of.Featured image by Win McNamee via Getty Images",0
2342, Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi Demands Sessions Resign Over Russian Perjury,"For months Donald Trump and his top staffers have sworn that no one in the campaign had contact with the Russian government while it was in the middle of engaging in a cyber attack against Democrats. Trump s new Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, even testified under oath that he had not spoke to Russian officials while working on Trump s campaign.And that lie just got exposed.Now high ranking Democrats including House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and Ranking Member of the House Oversight Committee Elijah Cummings have both called on Sessions to immediately step down. Pelosi s statement was a scorched earth condemnation of Sessions, Trump, and the entire administration which seems hell-bent on covering up its connections to Russia no matter what. Jeff Sessions lied under oath during his confirmation hearing before the Senate. Under penalty of perjury, he told the Senate Judiciary Committee,  I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I did not have communications with the Russians.  We know that statement is false.Attorney General Sessions has never had the credibility to oversee the FBI investigation of senior Trump officials  ties to the Russians. This is why Democrats have consistently called for Sessions to recuse himself from any oversight of the investigation.Now, after lying under oath about his own communications with the Russians, the Attorney General must resign. There must be an independent, bipartisan, outside commission to investigate the Trump political, personal, and financial connection to the Russians. Cummings was equally forceful in calling for Sessions to resign, citing the fact that Michael Flynn, Trump s disgraced former National Security Advisor, had already resigned for a similar offense and Sessions  was that much worse because he kept quiet about it even after that scandal.Sessions should have the self-respect to resign, because he may be also be facing a conviction. At least one former White House ethics lawyer has already stated that he believes what Sessions did could easily send him to prison.Misleading the Senate in sworn testimony about one own contacts with the Russians is a good way to go to jail https://t.co/qH0s6sTMJ9  Richard W. Painter (@RWPUSA) March 2, 2017As Pelosi noted, Sessions  credibility was already zero and now it s under water. In a Trump administration bursting at the seams with corruption, Session has managed to stand out as particularly appalling. Republicans now need to join with Speaker Pelosi and Rep. Cummings and demand Sessions leave in disgrace.Featured image via Zach Gibson/Getty Image",0
2343, Why The Hell Is Joe Manchin Still Pretending To Be A Democrat?,"When people go to the voting booth, they expect certain values to be represented when they pull the lever for someone with a (D) next to his or her name. If a candidate for office says (s)he is a Democrat, we expect that person to be pro-choice and in favor of equal rights for women, pro-LGBTQ rights, pro-criminal justice reform, in favor of raising taxes on the rich, in favor of unions and workers  rights, and in favor of comprehensive immigration reform, among other things. However, this is not always how things shake out. Case in point  West Virginia  Democrat  Joe Manchin.Manchin voted in favor of racist Jeff Sessions for Attorney General, bucking Democratic values of the defense of equal rights for all. He has also been staunchly against equal marriage rights for same-sex couples. That is just for starters, too. Manchin has consistently voted with Republicans in the Senate more than he has voted with those of his own party, and at Donald Trump s first address to a joint session of Congress, he could be seen cozying up to the bigoted president, and hopping to his feet with a standing ovation during the speech at every chance. At the end of it, he eagerly went to shake hands and kiss Trump s ass, rather than standing in solidarity with #RESISTANCE   minded Democrats.Liberal pundits and bloggers are not the only ones noticing Joe Manchin s bizarre, Republican-like behavior, either. Right-wingers believe he is just doing this stuff in order to make sure that his deep-red state re-elects him in 2018. West Virginia GOP Chair Conrad Lucas says of what Manchin is doing: It is obvious that West Virginia was the most pro-Trump state and Joe Manchin was a steadfast supporter of Hillary Clinton since Day One of the 2016 campaign and he is up for re-election in 2016, so he is going to do everything he can to mask his past. But I think voters in West Virginia are much smarter than falling for Joe Manchin. However, liberals have a different   and likely more accurate   theory of Manchin s true leanings. Progressive Change Campaign Co-Chair Adam Green Committee says: Senate Democrats running for re-election in red states will lose their general elections if they don t inspire independent voters and the Democratic base. To win in 2018, he needs to be more in touch with the times and stand up more strongly to Trump and his team of billionaires and bankers. Adam Green is correct. Someone needs to primary Manchin and defeat him. He is doing the bidding of Republicans and Donald Trump in the Senate under the guise of being a Democrat. He isn t   he s just a DINO, a wolf in sheep s clothing. I wouldn t be surprised if it turned out he voted for Trump once he was in the privacy of the voting booth.Look at candidates, not just party, folks. If you find rethugs hiding behind a (D) get rid of them.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
2344, Obama’s Secret Gift To The American People Could Save Our Democracy (DETAILS),"In light of the Russian hacking scandal that interfered in our nation s election, it seemed to many that the Obama administration was taking it lying down. It wasn t, at least according to a ground breaking report by the New York Times that says that in his final days, the President worked to create a trail leading directly from Russia to Donald Trump.In the Obama administration s last days, some White House officials scrambled to spread information about Russian efforts to undermine the presidential election   and about possible contacts between associates of President-elect Donald J. Trump and Russians   across the government. Former American officials say they had two aims: to ensure that such meddling isn t duplicated in future American or European elections, and to leave a clear trail of intelligence for government investigators.Intelligence officials had suspected something fishy as early as last summer, but the evidence was still too weak. In September, though, there was a series of cyber attacks on state voting systems. That s when the administration became more vocal on the matter. That s also when Obama s intelligence departments got very serious.But it wasn t until after the election, and after more intelligence had come in, that the administration began to grasp the scope of the suspected tampering and concluded that one goal of the campaign was to help tip the election in Mr. Trump s favor. In early December, Mr. Obama ordered the intelligence community to conduct a full assessment of the Russian campaign.In the weeks before the assessment was released in January, the intelligence community combed through databases for an array of communications and other information   some of which was months old by then   and began producing reports that showed there were contacts during the campaign between Trump associates and Russian officials.While we still don t know exactly what the Obama administration knows, we do know that there are more than a handful of Trump officials, including his Attorney General, who have confirmed contacts with Russian oligarchs, spies and government officials. That s unprecedented.Congress is also taking this very seriously. The House intelligence committee is about to investigate. We have reached a written agreement, the minority and the majority in the House intelligence committee, that we will investigate allegations of Russian collusion with the Trump campaign,  Democratic Representative Adam Schiff said on MSNBC.U.S. intelligence analysts have concluded that Russia tried to help Trump win the White House by discrediting Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and her party through cyber attacks. President Barack Obama, a Democrat, expelled Russian diplomats in retaliation in December.The Trump administration, of course, continues to deny any involvement with the Putin administration, but it s become quite clear that without Russia, we d have a President Hillary Clinton. Russia also denies any connection, but they re also distancing themselves from the now toxic Trump. Once they re done protecting him, he s done.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2345, BOMBSHELL: Trump AG Talked To Russian Officials Twice During Campaign And LIED About It,"In what may be the beginning of the end for Donald Trump s tenure as *president, more information has just been disclosed by the Washington Post showing Trump campaign ties to Russia.According to WaPo, not only did Sessions speak with Russia, he lied about it: Then-Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) spoke twice last year with Russia s ambassador to the United States, Justice Department officials said, encounters he did not disclose when asked about possible contacts between members of President Trump s campaign and representatives of Moscow during Sessions s confirmation hearing to become attorney general. Further: One of the meetings was a private conversation between Sessions and Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak that took place in September in the senator s office, at the height of what U.S. intelligence officials say was a Russian cyber campaign to upend the U.S. presidential race. During Sessions confirmation hearing for Attorney General, he was asked if anyone from Trump s campaign had spoked or communicated with the Russian government. If you ll recall, Sessions was a big part of Trump s campaign and was often seen on the road with the now *president.Sessions responded to questions about Russian communications by saying: I m not aware of any of those activities I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I did not have communications with the Russians. LIE.WaPo reports: Justice officials said Sessions met with Kislyak on Sept. 8 in his capacity as a member of the armed services panel rather than in his role as a Trump campaign surrogate. However: The Washington Post contacted all 26 members of the 2016 Senate Armed Services Committee to see if any lawmakers besides Sessions met with Kislyak in 2016. Of the 19 lawmakers who responded, every senator, including chairman John McCain (R-Ariz.), said they did not meet with the Russian ambassador last year. The other lawmakers on the panel did not respond as of Wednesday evening. Shady. As. F*ck.With Russian ties to the Trump campaign stacking up by the day, including one that ended in the resignation of Michael Flynn, it s becoming more apparent now, than ever, that there are very obvious ties.Trump has been trying to distract and divert attention any way that he can. He s told the press and the American people time and time again that there are no Russian ties, yet he will never say one negative word about Russia. It s alarming, the least. Hopefully we will see all the truth brought to light sooner rather than later.Featured Photo by Zach Gibson/Getty Images",0
2346, Veterans SHRED Trump For Exploiting Navy SEAL’s Death While Press FAWNS All Over Him For It,"Trump s address to a joint session of Congress last night was long on old and tired talking points, and short on substance and concrete plans. Many lawmakers present had invited guests, and, of course, Trump invited his own guests, too, which presidents do. One of his guests was Carryn Owens, wife of slain Navy SEAL Ryan Owens, who was lost during the botched raid in Yemen.The press fawned all over Trump for that, talking about the emotional, touching moment in which Trump actually became presidential. Then there were veterans on social media who felt differently. Many feel that Trump did nothing but exploit Ms. Owens, her grief, and the death of her husband. They were quite clear in how they saw it:       Then there s U.S. Army veteran Charles Clymer, who was so livid he went on a mini-tweetstorm about it:      But here s the press  reaction. The fawning is gag-inducing, especially  from those who routinely speak out against Trump.         That s a stark difference. Trump used Ms. Owens like he always uses people. He was trying to puff himself up, score points, and distract attention from the poorly-planned and executed Yemen raid, which even DHS says yielded no useful intelligence.Our fighting men and women put their lives on the line for us. It would be one thing if the intelligence for the Yemen raid was confirmed to be good, and the raid itself was as carefully planned and executed as it could possibly be. Things go wrong with even the best-planned missions   that s a fact. But that s not what happened in Yemen, and our military members shouldn t have to die for an administration that hastily throws an operation together, and then lies about the result. Owens deserves so much more than this, and his blood is on Trump s hands.Featured image by Jim Lo Scalzo via Getty Images",0
2347, Robert Reich PERFECTLY Breaks Down Trump’s 10-Step Plan For ‘Turning Lies Into Truth’ (VIDEO),"In a new video, Robert Reich breaks down the 10-step plan Donald Trump is using to turn lies into truths and how we can break the cycle.While many of us are inclined to think he is just a bumbling buffoon. Reich notes that the Wall Street Journal has refused to call Trump s lies, lies. Their reasoning? He isn t doing it on purpose, so it doesn t really count. He isn t lying intentionally. He s just an idiot who doesn t know what he s talking about. But Trump is actually succeeding at turning his many bogus falsehoods into near truths.Here s how:With this 10-step plan,  Trump wins,  Reich explains. But he doesn t have to. We each need to make sure we know the truth rather than just swallowing whatever lie Trump spouts out next. Don t let him confuse you. Trust the real facts, not the alternative ones.Reich also said that  the media should stop mincing words  and needs to  report Trump s lies as lies. Watch Robert Reich explain how Trump is turning lies into truth, here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
2348, #NeverTrump Conservative Has The PERFECT Description Of Pundits’ Reaction To Trump’s Speech (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is being graded on a curve. He always has been, as he has broken every rule in the political handbook and still managed to lie, cheat, and insult his way to the presidency. However, on Tuesday night, he delivered a speech to a joint session of Congress   his first. For the most part, he stuck to his prepared remarks, and he seemed to keep his attention span and his temperament in check. There were no nasty insults to the press, to Democrats, or to Republicans who have been critical of him. Compared to the wild, unhinged antics we ve been treated to from Trump since the day he launched his disgusting presidential campaign, this speech was surprisingly normal by Trumpian standards. This seems to be good enough for cable news personalities at this point.But, one #NeverTrump conservative, Charlie Sykes, has news for said pundits: They are looking too hard for Trump to act like a normal president   or even a normal human being   and in turn they are behaving like abused spouses. Appearing on MSNBC, Sykes said of the punditry surrounding Trump s speech: There s almost a  battered pundit syndrome  going on out there. He comes home and he s not abusive, and he s not drunk, and so we re just so incredibly grateful, it s just so incredibly good. Sykes went on to remind people that Trump s  new tone  is unlikely to go beyond that speech. He ll be back to his old, unruly self again in no time   just like a drunken, abusive spouse. To that end, we, the American people, need to treat him like an abuser, because that is just what he is, only on a grand scale.Thank you, Mr. Sykes, for reminding everyone just who and what Trump is. Splashes of seeming normalcy from him should not be treated as if the storm has passed. It will never pass with this man.Watch the exchange below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
2349, Dem AGs Respond To Trump Rolling Back Clean Water Rule: See You In Court!,"Amateur president Donald Trump s hostility towards the Environmental Protection Agency is revealing by his pick to head the EPA who attacked his own agency during an address to the Conservative Political Action summit last week. The former reality show star is hell bent on raping the environment, this time with an executive order directing the Environmental Protection Agency and the Army Corps of Engineers to consider rolling back a regulation aimed at protecting America s waterways from pollution.Apparently, the alleged president doesn t realize that humans need water to live. There s a price to pay for such action, such as lawsuits and that s something Trump is familiar with. But, he s about to get a ton of sh*t coming down on him via Democratic Attorney Generals for rolling back that protection on clean water.Talking Points Memo reports: We strongly oppose President Trump s action today that undermines Clean Water Act protections and the public health and environment of our states,  the attorneys general in New York, Hawaii, Massachusetts, Oregon, Vermont and the District of Columbia said in a statement.The group of attorneys general, led by New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, suggested taking legal action against the Trump administration in the statement. We won t hesitate to protect our people and our environment including by aggressively opposing in court President Trump s actions that ignore both the law and the public s paramount need for clean water,  the AGs wrote. Abandoning the Clean Water Rule will allow uncontrolled pollution of these critical water resources. It could also harm the competitiveness of our state economies by forcing us to spend more to clean up the pollution of deregulated waters coming from upstream states that refuse to control such pollution,  they added in the statement.As for Scott Pruitt, Trump s pick as Environmental Protection Agency Administrator, it was recently revealed that he used a private email to conduct state business while he was attorney general in Oklahoma and lied about it under oath. Trump picked a man to head the EPA who previously   wait for it   sued the EPA 13 times.Trump and Pruitt are dangerous for our environment.Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images.",0
2350," Michael Moore GOES OFF On Trump’s Speech, Blasts Him For This One SICK Moment (VIDEO)","While some have Donald Trump critics have claimed that the unworthy POTUS  address to Congress may have actually saved his epically failing presidency and have commented that Trump actually looked presidential for once, liberal documentary filmmaker Michael Moore had an entirely different opinion.In an appearance on MSNBC, Moore tore into Trump and pointed out why no one should be impressed with the disgusting trick Trump pulled on America. Commenting on the moment in which Trump gave a salute to fallen Navy Seal William  Ryan  Owens, Moore mocked Trump and said: My ratings. Record applause. I m going to get an Emmy for this. Most applause for a dead soldier on my watch. The sickness of this man That moment received a standing ovation, but Moore was less than impressed. Moore accused Trump of inviting Owens  wife, widow Carryn Owens, to be present at the address so he could  use  her as a prop to distract from the fact that the mission that got Owens killed was 100% Trump s fault and was a massive failure. Moore said: That s why she s there, as sort of an  f-you  to the people who are criticizing him for this. And this poor woman, this widow who has lost her husband, she is in desperate grief right now.To use that to put another notch on his belt   and what is he thinking about? The filmmaker also trashed Trump for his complete lack of empathy: To a malignant narcissist you re not ever thinking that you re insulting anybody because it s all about you. That would require empathy. You can watch Moore put Trump on blast below:While a CNN/ORC poll stated that 78 percent of participants thought that Trump s speech was positive, no one can argue that Moore has a point here. Trump will do anything and exploit anyone to detract from his f*ck ups, and he doesn t care how distasteful it is.Featured image via Theo Wargo and Joe Raedle/ Getty Images ",0
2351, Nancy Pelosi BRILLIANTLY Points Out the Brutal FAIL In Trump’s Address To Congress (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s join address to Congress last night left much to be desired, and many Democratic leaders are absolutely disgusted by what they heard and witnessed from the undeserving POTUS.In response to Trump s pathetic speech, Minority Leader of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi has received the following statement, which blatantly calls Trump out for being untrustworthy and fake. Pelosi wrote: The President s speech was utterly disconnected from the cruel reality of his conduct. And she s absolutely right. Trump s speech was completely disconnected from what he has done so far, and Pelosi accurately assessed Trump s address as a  bait-and-switch assault on America.  She also brilliantly pointed out that Trump has yet to actually back up any of his campaign promises and proposals.Pelosi also called Trump out for  selling working people down the river to Wall Street  and for jeopardizing  the security of our country  and weakening  our fight against terror with his Administration s dangerous, incompetent and unconstitutional actions.  Those are harsh words, but they re absolutely true and reflect how the majority of Americans feel about Trump s first few weeks in the White House. At the end of her statement, Pelosi warned Trump that  Democrats will continue to lead the fight  against his disgusting rhetoric and harmful policies.Echoing Pelosi s statement, colleague Chuck Schumer also held a similar opinion of Trump s address to Congress:Unlike Trump, who is infamous for walking back and flip-flopping on his stances to please the masses, Pelosi only doubled down on her comments earlier this morning in an appearance on MSNBC s  Morning Joe . Commenting on Trump s lack of concrete policies, she said,  We re legislators. Show us your proposal. Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",0
2352," Trump’s Attorney General Says THC Causes ‘Real Violence,’ Indicates Legal Cannabis Crackdown Is Coming","Breaking news out of Trump s White House indicates that marijuana use may have contributed to the violent events at Bowling Green and perhaps even in Sweden.At least, in the opinion of Attorney General Jeff Sessions, that could be the case. Despite repeated promises by Trump on the campaign trail to leave states alone that have legalized recreational cannabis, the Trump administration appears to be gearing up to take aim at the legal marijuana industry. On Monday, he told reporters at the Justice Department that  real violence  is connected to cannabis use:Sessions further said that experts have told him there is  more violence around marijuana,  than one would think. You can t sue somebody for a drug debt,  Sessions said, on Monday.  The only way to get your money is through strong-arm tactics, and violence tends to follow that. (Business Insider) I don t think America is going to be a better place when people of all ages, and particularly young people, are smoking pot,  Sessions said.  I believe it s an unhealthy practice, and current levels of THC in marijuana are very high compared to what they were a few years ago, and we re seeing real violence around that. If he was just a tiny bit smarter, he d realize he s actually arguing in favor of legalization. I live in Portland, Oregon. Here s a couple of notes about the recreational dispensary located a convenient four blocks from my house   first, they are a small business. Small businesses aren t in the habit of fronting people inventory; you typically pay for what you re purchasing, and leave. The second point here is going to require a bit of imagination.Let s imagine that they have fronted me untold amounts of cannabis, and I haven t paid. So they send a strongman to my house to get the money and I just call the cops, because weed is legal, I m not incriminating myself by calling, and using  strong-arm tactics  to get money you are owed is illegal. Federal courts aren t going to treat it as a legitimate product, sure, but the answer to that is complete legalization, not wasting millions of dollars in pointless enforcement and court battles with individual states.He said some other genuinely dumb shit as well:Sessions then appeared to criticize a column The Washington Post published Tuesday by Sam Kamin, professor of marijuana law and policy at the University of Denver. In the op-ed, Kamin argues that the opioid crisis is  a reason to expand access to marijuana rather than to contract it.  A 2016 study from Columbia University s Mailman School of Public Health found  adverse consequences of opioid use  decreased over time in states where marijuana is legalized as individuals substituted marijuana for opioids to treat pain.But Sessions scoffed at Kamin s reasoning. Give me a break,  Sessions said.  This is the kind of argument that has been out there. [It s] almost a desperate attempt to defend the harmlessness of marijuana or even benefits. I doubt that s true. Maybe science will prove me wrong.   My best view is that we don t need to be legalizing marijuana. Well, Sessions, science has, indeed, proved you wrong. Your  best view  is both behind the times and demonstrably false. There is so much information out there demonstrating the benefits of cannabis in combating the opiate epidemic and treating chronic pain that if you re the Attorney General, and ignorant of it, it s by choice.It s time for the failed war on drugs to draw to a close. All prohibition of cannabis accomplishes is driving people who self-medicate or are prescribed cannabis for chronic pain to use prescription opiates instead, finances the cartels and fuels violence, and makes the Fox News crowd happy. The  gateway drug  shtick is old and false. Sean Spicer and Jeff Sessions think that increased recreational use of cannabis has led to the opiate epidemic, rather than excessive and improper prescriptions (as evidence shows). This is so wrong and out-of-touch that it shows they have no interest in  actually helping or rehabilitating heroin and oxy addicts   they are only interested in using them as a political prop that justifies attacking rights they don t believe people should have. So much for  small government,  eh?Featured image via Zach Gibson/Getty Images",0
2353," Ivanka Trump’s Dress Was Nice, But There Was One MAJOR Problem With It (VIDEO)","A consistent theme among Donald Trump s rhetoric, and last night s address to Congress was no different, is economic nationalism, which means  buy and hire American.  As usual, though, the words were contradicted by his own family s actions, and in particular, his favorite child, Ivanka, who wore a lovely dress that was made, of course, in the United Kingdom and designed by a French designer.Getting ready to leave The White House with @realdonaldtrump as he prepares to address Congress #JointSession pic.twitter.com/vlR1wPHGkK  Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) March 1, 2017Ivanka Trump, the President s eldest daughter who is said to be his  favourite  child, wore a fuchsia dress by French designer Roland Mouret which cost $1868 ( 1772) to the prestigious event which saw her father promise a  new chapter of American greatness  and launch barbed attacks on illegal immigrants.A representative for the acclaimed designer, Roland Mouret, told The Independent the Rawlings Dress which was worn by the first daughter was produced in the UK.Source: IndependentNot everyone thought the dress was appropriate because it was cocktail length rather than formal, and it showed her shoulders after Michelle Obama was so widely criticized on the right for daring to show her arms. Ivanka s bra strap was also showing.@IvankaTrump @brianstelter @realDonaldTrump You re wearing a cocktail dress to the joint session?!  Karen Dawn Zachary (@KarenDZachary) March 1, 2017.@IvankaTrump You post a lot of prom-night photos. @brianstelter https://t.co/c13gGIiNGx    (@y2k7s) March 1, 2017@IvankaTrump Hate to be the one that points this out, but the right sleeve of your dress is missing & your bra strap is showing. Just saying  Marguerite (@margcellent) March 1, 2017@IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump You re dressed inappropriately as is Melania #oneshoulder #sparkles  Al Farr (@pepperdaze) March 1, 2017The real problem with the optics, of course, isn t even about the questionable choice in dress style, it s about the fact that like almost everything that has Trump s brand, it was made outside the United States while Trump is pushing an agenda of nationalism. It s hypocrisy at its worst and rather than apologize for it, the Trumps flaunt it, just like they flaunt the ethics surrounding the presidency.Featured image via Twitter screen capture",0
2354, Trump Fan Violently Attacks Comedian For Harmless Joke (VIDEO),"Comedian John Caparulo was in the middle of a perfectly normal standup act at The Comedy & Magic Club in Hermosa Beach, California when someone was apparently too stupid to get his joke about Donald Trump and reacted violently. The Washington Monument, somebody got paid to design that shit? It s a fucking pencil, it s just a big cement pencil,  Caparulo said. Some people think it looks like a dick but I think they re saving that design for Trump s monument.  Though the majority of the audience laughed uproariously, two women decided that Mr. Caparulo was a goddamn traitor. Fuck you,  one of the women yelled, apparently unable to summon enough of her insignificant brainpower to form a snappy comeback. No fuck you stupid, what are you his fucking mom? Get the fuck out of here,  Caparulo replied, seeminly bemused by this woman s shock that someone doesn t like the least popular president in American history.  Oh god, am I the first one to dislike Trump? Oh my god, I must ve invented disliking Trump  Fucking break up my show lady, you can come up here and do this shit. Go fuck yourself,  the woman screamed as she threw her glass at Caprulo   a sure sign that it s probably a bad idea to give these people alcohol that isn t in a sippy cup. The glass shattered when it hit the comedian. That hurt a little bit,  he said, laughing.  I ll have to admit that hurt. Thank you, she was a bitch all night,  one audience member yelled as the Trump fan left. Others agreed with her.  Fuck you,  one yelled.  Fuck Trump,  another added.Unfortunately, this is the mindset of Trump fans. Everything they don t like is met with violence because, at least according to studies, Trump fans are too stupid to know they are stupid. They lash out. They threaten. They scream. They throw fits. In many ways, they are just like their tangerine fuhrer.Watch the events unfold below:",0
2355," Trump Tweets A Douchey, Self-congratulatory “THANK YOU” And Americans Tell Him Where He Can Shove It (TWEETS)","On Wednesday, Donald Trump kicked off his morning by tweeting two little words   an allcaps  THANK YOU. THANK YOU!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 1, 2017Trump didn t say whom he was thanking. Was it the Jews he says are behind antisemitic hate crimes committed by his supporters? The father of the Navy SEAL who died for nothing during his failed Yemen raid who didn t want to meet him? The wife of said SEAL who broke down in tears while The Donald joked about applause? Hispanics and Muslims who now live in fear every day? Oh, that s right   he was thanking the media who apparently have learned nothing and are currently gushing about how  presidential  he was at his Wednesday speech because he managed to stick to the script and not scream about FAKE NEWS for once   never mind that he lied 51 times in his 61 minute speech. While Trump may be patting himself on the back, those of us who can operate a toaster without an adult supervising are a bit confused at whom, exactly, he thinks likes him. Trump s disapproval numbers are current at over half the country (and steadily rising)   meaning that most Americans are sick of his bullsh*t already. Naturally, a whole mess of them stopped by Trump s Twitter to let him know how they really feel:.@realDonaldTrump all caps isn't presidential or eloquent  Roland Scahill (@rolandscahill) March 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump Successful morning poop?  DansGaming (@Dansgaming) March 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump FUCK YOU  Stevie (@StevieeeWx) March 1, 2017What are you thanking us for, @realDonaldTrump? Most of us didn't have orgasms over your lame speech. https://t.co/WU62kY7Enn  Jeffrey Guterman (@JeffreyGuterman) March 1, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Did someone just pee on you?  Donald Trump Exposed (@DTrumpExposed) March 1, 2017@realdonaldtrump When will you speak against anti-Muslim bigotry by many supporters? We don t want more Kansas/Quebec type attacks  Ali Abunimah (@AliAbunimah) March 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump You got a woman's husband killed, refused to accept responsibility & then used her as a prop to absolve yourself. fuck you  cx cope (@cxcope) March 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump Was this meant for President Bannon for buying you a lego toy?  Nooruddean (@BeardedGenius) March 1, 2017Are you thanking Republicans for helping to keep your corruption hidden from the American people? @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/Zyj5fpoUdG  Caroline O. (@RVAwonk) March 1, 2017Don t be fooled by the one time Trump has managed to avoid mocking a disabled reporter or telling his fans he will pay their legal fees if they beat up black people at his rallies. He s still the same racist xenophobe he s always been   though as  Real Time  host Bill Maher points out: I think the bad thing is it will fool a lot of people. [He] like a fairly reasonable guy, too right-wing for me, but a normal person. Once again, don t be fooled.Featured image via Getty Images(Pool)/screengrab",0
2356, Publisher Announces Books By The Obamas Are Officially On The Way,"Penguin Random House announced on Tuesday night that Barack and Michelle Obama have both signed book deals with the publisher. According to the statement, the former president and former first lady will each be authoring a book in the near future.The announcement reads: Penguin Random House is pleased to announce that it will publish forthcoming books by former President of the United States Barack Obama and former First Lady Michelle Obama. Oenguin Random House CEO MArkus Dohle announced today that the company has acquired world publication rights for two books, to be written by President and Mrs. Obama respectively. The statement did not disclose an actual dollar amount for these deals, but according to a report in Financial Times, bids on their books had reached more than $60 million. If accurate, this would blow away the price tag attached to the memoirs of other recent presidents. Bill Clinton got $15 million for his book My Life and George W Bush made approximately $10 million from his book Decision Points.The announcement did say that  in support of the mission of The Obama Foundation and Penguin Random House s own commitment to social responsibility, the company will donate one million books in the Obama family s name to First Book. The First Book program strives to  promote equal access to education by providing new books, learning materials, and other essentials to children in need. In addition,  the Obamas also plan to donate a significant portion of their author proceeds to charity. We are absolutely thrilled to continue our publishing partnership with President and Mrs. Obama,  Dohle said.  With their words and their leadership, they changed the world, and every day, with the books we publish at Penguin Random House, we strive to do the same. Now, we are very much looking forward to working together with President and Mrs. Obama to make each of their books global publishing events of unprecedented scope and significance. This is not the first time the former president has worked with the publisher. CNN points out that Penguin Random House has published Obama s past books,  so the new deal continues a two-decade-long relationship. The hefty figures quoted in the bids for their books clearly demonstrate the expectation that these books are going to be huge best sellers. Personally, I have only one question: Where can I place a pre-order?New books by @BarackObama and @MichelleObama have been acquired by @penguinrandom, the publisher says. pic.twitter.com/EkF5cfRaOH  Dave Itzkoff (@ditzkoff) February 28, 2017Featured image via Mike Theiler-Pool/Getty Images",0
2357, WATCH: Keith Olbermann Goes On EPIC Pre-Trump Address Rant With An AWESOME Twist At The End,"Keith Olbermann rants on a very regular basis. Tonight s rant, on his video series, was extremely on point given that Trump will give a State-Of-The-Union-esque address to Congress this evening where he will likely talk about one of our biggest controversies: Immigration.He spends most of the address calling Trump s immigration orders a  Muslim ban,  and a  purge of Hispanics.  He s not wrong, and he lays out exactly why he s not wrong with example after example: When you detain an American born in Philadelphia and ask him over and over again,  Where did you get your name from,  and,  Are you Muslim,  and the man s name is Muhammad Ali Jr., it s a Muslim ban! When ICE agents reportedly wait across the street from a Virginia church refuge designed to save the homeless from freezing to death on our streets, and you grab six men as they leave the place, it is a purge of Hispanics! He goes back and forth between  Muslim ban,  and  purge of Hispanics,  through his rant, with each example of the truth of these words worse than the one before. A couple of his examples have background to them that he doesn t lay out, which makes them misleading. However. The gist of the entire video is the truth.He also explains that one of the biggest things Trump s stance on immigration has done is start turning rank-and-file ICE and U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers, and U.S. Border Patrol agents   who may not even know any better   into power-tripping sadists under the false belief that they re still doing something moral.But his final sentence is the kicker. Watch his entire rant below:NEW: THAT is a Muslim Ban, THIS is a Hispanic Purge, and THEY are Trump s Gestapo pic.twitter.com/pI6XCsbiU8  Keith Olbermann (@KeithOlbermann) March 1, 2017Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
2358, Trump Suggests White Anti-Semites NOT Attacking Jews – Who He Thinks It Is Will Make You Sick,"There s been a spate of attacks on Jews around the U.S. recently, including destroying Jewish cemeteries and issuing bomb threats to Jewish community centers and synagogues. Trump did condemn rising anti-Semitism, but when asked about this growing threat earlier today, he suggested that something else could be happening. And it s just flat-out sick.In a meeting with several states  attorneys general, he said: Sometimes it s the reverse, to make people or to make others look bad. While he hasn t clarified what he actually means by this, it sounds pretty clear. He thinks either that the Jewish community itself is doing this (why, we don t know), or liberals are behind this to frame his white nationalist, Neo-Nazi, KKK and anti-Semitic followers. He said it was  reprehensible,  according to Pennsylvania s attorney general, but it s clear he d rather believe in some kind of conspiracy than the fact that his supporters include people who want to eradicate everyone who isn t straight, cis, white and Christian.BREAKING: PA Attorney General: Trump told us  sometimes it s the reverse,  when asked about anti-Semitic threats and attacks. pic.twitter.com/Pjo8FE59iN  Chris Geidner (@chrisgeidner) February 28, 2017Shapiro says Trump used the word  reverse  two or three times in his remarks. That really does imply that he thinks Jews might be doing this to themselves (for what? Sympathy? Come on) because what s the reverse of being an attack victim? Being the attacker. How vile and sick do you have to be to suggest that?The White House, however, claims he didn t suggest that at all. They did say that he thinks protesters probably his phantom professional liberal protesters are behind it. However, it s kind of odd that this sort of mirrors what former KKK Grand Wizard David Duke has also said about the attacks:Trump echoes David Duke, suggests Jews are behind threats to Jewish schools https://t.co/zcPMJsmWpJ pic.twitter.com/ccJRQhat3b  Judd Legum (@JuddLegum) February 28, 2017Trump is a sick piece of worm-infested shit. We can t end any of this with a president who refuses to acknowledge the problem because it means acknowledging that his core base is likewise a bunch of sick, worm-infested pieces of shit. It s only going to get worse.Featured image by Aude Guerrucci via Getty Images",0
2359," The Vacationer-In-Chief Was Asked To Grade His First Month In Office, And It’s RIDICULOUS","Amateur president Donald Trump s first thirty days in office have been chaotic, ill-prepared and downright embarrassing. A list of polls released this past week shows a mostly negative view of Trump s behavior as an alleged president so far, and given his actions, it s only going to get worse. One poll shows that a majority of Americans are embarrassed by Trump s behavior. Another poll by Quinnipiac University found a majority of voters say that he does not act level-headed. Still, Trump thinks he s doing a fantastic job.When he was asked how he would grade his administration through its first four-plus weeks, Trump suggested that he has been a high achiever. The former reality show star-turned-alleged president said he would give himself an A for effort and achievement, but just a C or a C+ on his ability to communicate his successes to the American people, according to Politico. In terms of achievement, I think I d give myself an A. Because I think I ve done great things   I and my people, but I don t think we ve explained it well enough to the American public,  Trump said in an interview on  Fox and Friends  Tuesday. I think I give myself an A in terms of what I ve actually done,  Trump added.But Trump seemed to think he s just been an average messenger. In terms of messaging, I would give myself a C or a C+,  he said.Trump also gave himself an A+ for  effort. But results are more important (than effort),  he added.As for the protests that have erupted nationwide, Trump blamed hurt feelings from the results of the 2016 presidential election. Trump added that he intends to bring the country together.  The way you do that is through success,  he said, vowing to boost jobs and replace the Affordable Care Act.About Obamacare: Angry constituents have shown up at town hall meetings across the country. When you take someone s healthcare away, they re not happy and it s not a unifying moment. The GOP replacement is so bad that even the number three Republican in the House vowed not to sign off on it. Trump may indeed be bringing the country together   against him. And for the fake president who vowed to work hard and never vacation as president, he has taken weekends off and repeatedly gone golfing. On weekends, he hangs out at his Mar-a-Lago resort surrounded by his rich guests.According to the conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch, former President Barack Obama s travel costs during his eight years in office totaled about $97 million. If Trump maintains his current pace, he ll outspend Obama in less than one year. After  winning  the election, Trump went on a thank you tour, then held a rally in Florida.We ll leave you with this 2011 tweet of Trump s criticizing President Obama.Why is @BarackObama always campaigning or on vacation?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 17, 2011Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images.",0
2360," Jon Stewart Brilliantly Reveals Trump’s MAJOR Character Flaw, And It’s SO True (VIDEO)","Jon Stewart may not be routinely commenting on America s politics anymore, but he certainly hasn t stepped away from the spotlight. Last night, Stewart took a break from his personal projects to hijack Stephen Colbert s The Late Show, where he couldn t resist weighing in on Donald Trump.During the show, Stewart nailed a personality trait of Trump s that shows just how untrustworthy Trump is. While it s well known that Trump lies through his teeth every chance he gets (he was also proven to be the most dishonest presidential candidate last year), there s one behavior of Trump s that gives it all away   and Stewart pointed this out perfectly. Mocking one of Trump s most obvious speech patterns, Stewart said: Nobody says  believe me  unless they are lying. He elaborated: Trump lies more in one press conference than CNN does in a year. And this is coming from a guy, who as you know, hates CNN. Stewart also had some equally harsh words for the media, and advised the press that it should  get its groove back  and stop latching onto Trump s every attack. Stewart said to the media: Let s face facts. You kind of let yourself go a little bit these past few years, put on a few pundits, obsessing 24 hours a day, seven days a week, about this one guy:  What s Donnie up to? Did he say anything about us? You think he s gonna come on our show?' Stewart compared the behavior between Trump and the media to a bad breakup, and suggested that it was an opportunity for improvement. Stewart said,  Take up a hobby. I recommend journalism! Colbert asked Stewart if he felt the press would actually do some self-reflection and improve, and Stewart joked, I really do   believe me. You can watch Stewart weigh in on Trump and the media below: Featured image via screenshots",0
2361," Trump TRASHES Sean Spicer’s Cell Phone Checks, Signals Trump Team Implosion (VIDEO)","The Trump team is caving in on itself, and Donald Trump s latest comments certainly won t help.Earlier today, Trump appeared on Fox & Friends where he blatantly criticized White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer. Addressing the mysterious and numerous leaks that have been coming out of the White House, Spicer was reported to be checking the professional and personal cell phones of White House staffers in the West Wing to make sure they weren t involved in leaking any information. It was a drastic move, and we ve never seen such distrust within an administration, and yet Trump still claims everything in the White House is running like a  well-oiled machine.  But something tells us that after Spicer hears what Trump just said, things are going to change.In his exclusive White House interview, Trump admitted that he wouldn t have handled the leaks the way Spicer did. Steve Doocey asked Trump: Sean Spicer asked his communication team,  Alright come on in everybody. Put your phone right over there. We have a leaker here. We re gonna have the White House lawyer look at your phones.  How intent are you on finding who the leaker or leakers are in your administration? Not just your communications team, but over at the State Department, maybe the intel community, everywhere? Trump first bragged about how great his press secretary was (even though there have been several reports that state Trump is unhappy with Spicer s performance and would rather replace him with a woman). He said, Well first of all, Sean Spicer is a fine human being. He s a fine person. Then Trump criticized Spicer: I would have done it differently. I would have gone one-on-one with different people. I would have handled it different than Sean, but Sean handles it his way, and I m OK with it. Hinting that he felt Spicer was going far too easy on staffers, Trump joked that if it were up to him,  there are things you can do that are a hell of a lot worse. You can watch Trump throw his press secretary under the bus below: Featured image via Chip Somodevilla and Gary Gershoff / Getty Images",0
2362, The White House’s Attack On The Media Just Got VERY Personal And Illegal,"It s no secret that the Trump administration (and Donald Trump himself) sees itself as a victim of a malicious mainstream media, when all the media has been guilty of is reporting the truth and of simply asking questions about the many scandals surrounding the administration. Now, it appears, the White House has taken the fight against the media to a brand new low. The administration that constantly complains about  fake news  planted at least one story with the intention of trashing a political reporter. That s libel.It all began with a report in Politico by Annie Karni and Alex Isenstadt on Sunday, in which it was reported that amid a frantic search for leaks, Spicer told his staffers to dump their phones for a  phone check.  He also threatened his staffers with more problems if the phone check was leaked to the media. It was. Spicer also reportedly made a deputy communications director cry.Within the communications office, the mood has grown tense. During a recent staff meeting, Spicer harshly criticized some of the work deputy communications director Jessica Ditto had done, causing her to cry, according to two people familiar with the incident.  The only time Jessica recalls almost getting emotional is when we had to relay the information on the death of Chief Ryan Owens,  Spicer said, referring to the Navy SEAL killed recently in action in Yemen.Ditto also denied the accounts.  This is 100 percent not true,  she said Sunday after the incident was reported.  Sean and I have a great working relationship. Soon after that story was released, an article appeared in the conservative Washington Examiner that smeared Isenstadt, saying he laughed at the dead of the Navy Seal. The Examiner article, of course, cited an unnamed source.My goodness, this is obvious what s going on here. https://t.co/c8nF0oYigB  Steven Ginsberg (@stevenjay) February 27, 2017 He started laughing about that SEAL,  said one informed official, also upset at Politico s  insulting  description of Ditto in the story as a  more junior spokesperson. The irony is rich from an administration whose leader, on the very same day this story was released, said he wanted to ban journalists from using anonymous sources. If you recall your history, Nixon was taken down because of an anonymous source. It s an important tool in journalism. Of course, there was that time Trump accused Obama of being foreign born because of anonymous sources who clearly never existed. I guess Trump has a good reason to distrust anonymous sources since he lies behind them.As for Isenstadt, while he might have a great case for libel, there s no word yet as to whether he ll sue.Featured image via Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty Images",0
2363, Betsy DeVos Gets WRECKED After Praising Segregated Schools As ‘Pioneers Of School Choice’ (TWEETS),"Donald Trump s education secretary proved she is spectacularly unfit for her job when she released a statement on her department s website praising historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs) as   real pioneers when it comes to school choice. In some ways, this is an accurate statement. White people, for example,  chose  to exclude black people from educational opportunities, so if African-Americans wanted education they needed to  choose  to form their own schools. They are living proof that when more options are provided to students, they are afforded greater access and greater quality,  she continued, failing to note that the difference in quality started with  no education  thanks to the racist Jim Crow-era education system.  Their success has shown that more options help students flourish. Their success is an example of the great things that can happen when people band together to overcome adversity, but HBCUs have nothing to do with  school choice  as DeVos claims.Naturally, people were quick to point out the extreme racism that was behind DeVos  statement.@nktpnd betsy devos: ""rosa parks is a real pioneer when it comes to seat choice""  Sam Deutsch (@samdman95) February 28, 2017Betsy DeVos said HBCUs were about school choice. As if white/colored water fountains were about beverage options. pic.twitter.com/I3tNlER43n  Resist Dystopia (@AynAyahSteenkur) February 28, 2017Next Betsy DeVos will praise slaves for being ""entrepreneurial self starters""  Oliver Willis (@owillis) February 28, 2017Betsy DeVos's sees HBCUs as pioneers of ""school choice,"" as if black students had a ""choice"" to go to white colleges in segregated America. pic.twitter.com/75YKvjB70x  Keith Boykin (@keithboykin) February 28, 2017DeVos either is either ignorant or twisted. #HBCUs weren't created bc of choice. It was bc we couldn't get into white institutions.  Taalib S (@TaalibSpeaks) February 28, 2017let's be clear, ""school choice"" is really a post Brown v. Board Southern reaction to integration. that Devos adopts this is sickening.  profloumoore (@loumoore12) February 28, 2017Furthermore, what's sad about this DeVos press release is it connects a racist US history with school choice.  Reggie Cunningham (@kidnoble) February 28, 2017Is this the choice that Betsy DeVos is applauding? #HBCU pic.twitter.com/4VaZyYso1a  Denzel (@DenzAnton_) February 28, 2017this is an actual serious question. Does Betsy DeVos know that Jim Crow happened?  Vann R. Newkirk II (@fivefifths) February 28, 2017Holy. Shit. DeVos called creation of Historically Black Colleges & Universities a matter of ""school choice."" No. The opposite. THE OPPOSITE. pic.twitter.com/4T55gkNVgG  Dorothy Snarker (@dorothysnarker) February 28, 2017 Historically black colleges and universities those institutions of higher education founded prior to 1964 with the principal mission of educating black Americans excluded from segregated public and private universities have never enjoyed levels of public funding comparable with other institutions,  Politico notes in a feature on historically black schools.  This persistent inequality has led some states, including Maryland and Mississippi, to be sued for failing to fund black and white public colleges at equal levels. These schools were the only option for many people. That isn t  choice    that s a problem, and we will likely never see Mc. DeVos acknowledge this.featured image via Getty Images (Drew Angerer)/screengrab",0
2364, ‘Hundreds’ Donated To Planned Parenthood In Right-Wing Pastor’s Name And It’s Driving Him INSANE (VIDEO),"People have figured out a way to troll a right-wing pastor who incessantly rails against transgender Americans, Planned Parenthood, and pretty much anything else that doesn t fit into his pathetic, bigoted world view and help the women s health organization at the same time and it s driving him bananas. Recently, far-Right hate pastor Greg Locke posted an allcaps message on his Facebook timeline:PLANNED PARENTHOOD SENT ME A PERSONAL  THANK YOU  AND IT HAS ME LIT.And boy is he  lit!  Locke explains that he received the  thank you  letter from his favorite  baby parts  boogeyman after an an undisclosed amount was donated in his honor by a woman named Krista Ginsberg in Houston, Texas. At the end of the day, it doesn t matter how big or how small it was, it was a waste of your money and the stamp was a waste of your money,  Locke raves in the video.  Don t ever send me anymore nonsense from Planned Parenthood. There has never been an organization in the world that has killed more innocent people other than radical Islam than that of Planned Parenthood,  Locke lied. Naturally, he did not cite a source for the claim.  Look, I m just gonna say it whether you like it or not   Planned Parenthood does not give one flip of a wooden nickel about women s healthcare. It s a bunch of deceptive individuals that are in it for the money that have been known to sell baby parts on the black market and they have done nothing but butcher innocent lives for years. It s safe to assume that Locke was referencing abortion there, which is only three percent of the total services Planned Parenthood provides women. The organization absolutely has not  been known  outside of certain circles of people who can barely operate a fork without adult supervision to sell  baby parts on the black market.  Previously, the organization accepted reimbursements to cover the costs of preparing and shipping donated fetal tissue, but it has since stopped accepting the reimbursements because of liars and zealots like Locke. As far as I m concerned, I don t care if I ever get another piece of literature from you guys again because you re just wasting your money to send me this nonsense,  Locke says, adding that  Pastor Greg Locke has absolutely positively tee-totally nothing to  do with Planned Parenthood. Y all can keep butchering babies, I m gonna keep speaking the truth,  he concludes after throwing the nice thank you letter in the garbage.Apparently, some awesome people decided to get together and go to Planned Parenthood s donation page, where they filled out the form and made a donation   of course carefully checking the  Yes, my gift is in honor or in memory of someone special  box where they entered Locke s information and the address of his church (2060 Old Lebanon Dirt Rd in Mt. Juliet, TN zip code 37122) so Planned Parenthood knew where to send their thanks. not that we re encouraging you to do it or anything. You should totally do it.Within a week of his initial posting, Locke complained about all the love he is getting from enthusiastic supporters of women s healthcare. Apparently, there have been  HUNDREDS OF DONATIONS  in his name.Not only is this a win for Planned Parenthood, but the look on Locke s face in the video is worth every cent that is donated.Watch Locke s unhinged ravings below:Featured image via screengrab",0
2365," Military Officials: Trump LIED, Botched Yemen Raid Yielded No Significant Intelligence At All","On Monday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer responded to the concerns of the father of the Navy SEAL who died in Trump s disastrous raid in Yemen by blaming him for his own death   but he claimed it was worth it because we recovered valuable intelligence that will save American lives and prevent terrorist attacks. I can tell him on behalf of the President, his son died a hero and the information that he was able to help obtain through that raid is going to save American lives; it s going to protect our country more,  Spicer said, adding that Ryan Owens was responsible for his own death: It s something that as a SEAL and as somebody who deployed 12 times, he knew that this was part of the job and he knew what he was doing. It is almost certain that Owens knew that there was risk involved in his job, but he also relies on the Commander-in-Chief to know what he11-year-old boy is doing. The raid killed 30 civilians (and half as many militants), including about 10 women and children   according to witnesses, an was the first to be struck by a bullet   and completely failed to kill al Qaeda leader Qassim Al-Rimi, who took to mocking The Donald in propaganda videos after the embarrassment that was the Yemen raid. Our forces ultimately recovered a few videos that have been available on YouTube for a decade. Trump s first military operation was such a massive disaster that Yemen revoked the United States  permission to conduct ground-based anti-terrorism operations within the country s borders. Why at this time did there have to be this stupid mission when it wasn t even barely a week into [President Trump s] administration?  Bill Owens, the father of the slain SEAL, said of the raid.  For two years prior   everything was missiles and drones (in Yemen) .Now all of a sudden we had to make this grand display? Why such a grand display? Because this is what  success  looks like in Trump s America, of course!Despite Spicer and Trump s numerous claims that the mission was hugely successful, senior military officials tell NBC that they are unaware of any  actionable intelligence  that was recovered during the raid: We gathered an unbelievable amount of intelligence that will prevent the potential deaths or attacks on American soil,  said Spicer.A Defense Department official also pushed back Monday afternoon, saying the raid has yielded  a significant amount  of intelligence.But the only example the military has provided turned out to be an old bomb-making video that was of no current value.On Monday, Spicer addressed the remarks of Bill Owens, whose son died. I can tell him that on behalf of the president, his son died a hero and the information that he was able to help obtain through that raid, as I said before, is going to save American lives,  he said.  The mission was successful in helping prevent a future attack or attacks on this nation. Multiple senior officials told NBC News they have not seen evidence to support that claim.It s one thing to authorize a mission with insufficient intelligence or support. It s another to lie to the family of someone your negligence killed and call it a  success. Ryan Owens was a hero   but his country failed him. His President failed him. And someone must answer for it.Featured image via Getty Images/Drew Angerer",0
2366," The Washington Post Just Asked A MAJOR Question Of Trump’s Administration, And He’ll Be LIVID","Trump s young administration is fraught with trouble, but we all knew that already. Most of us probably haven t thought of just how to frame Trump s behavior since assuming the White House, but an enterprising writer at the Washington Post just did. Eugene Robinson, an opinion writer for the Post, wrote an entire op-ed based around the following question: Does Trump know he s president? Well, does he? One of the things that Robinson points to as evidence that he doesn t, or, at least, doesn t know what he s doing at all, is the fact that we had a bunch of government executives tell Europe, tell Iraq, even tell the U.N., not to listen to what Trump says. For instance, he said we re going to take Iraq s oil. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis told the press in Baghdad that we were absolutely not there to do that.U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley said that we absolutely support a two-state solution after Trump said we didn t. Mike Pence told NATO that we re fully devoted to them, after Trump has said repeatedly that NATO is obsolete and wants to cozy up to Russia.He said that rounding up undocumented immigrants is  a military operation,  which supposedly means a  non-military operation,  and he was just using  military  as an adjective, according to Sean Spicer.Not mentioned in Robinson s article is Trump s neverending Twitter temper tantrum, though he does mention Trump s feud with the press.  There s also the fact that Trump loves hobnobbing with his rich buddies in Florida, to the point where he had a meeting on North Korea in plain view of his VIPs, who pay him a ton of money. He won t divest from his businesses, which is creating massive conflicts of interest and may even be in violation of the Constitution.He rushed out his Muslim ban and the courts promptly halted it, and we have to wonder if he even consulted with anyone knowledgeable about the law with that. The 9th Circuit just rejected the Justice Department s request to put that case on hold pending a new order.So when the Post has to ask if Trump even knows he s president, we have to wonder the same thing. We also have to assume that Trump will be pissed if he hears about this op-ed because it makes him look like the buffoon he is, and he already hates the Post. Not as much as The New York Times or CNN, but he hates them enough. The answer to Robinson s question is,  No, he doesn t know he s president, especially not in the same way every other president we ve had knew they were president. Featured image by Aude Guerrucci via Getty Images",0
2367," Paul Ryan Just Dropped The PERFECT Bombshell On Trump, HUMILIATES Him Over Russia (VIDEO)","Earlier today, Speaker of the House Paul Ryan dropped a truth bomb that absolutely humiliated Donald Trump and made him look like a moron.After he had a meeting with the undeserving Trump, Ryan was later asked about the calls for a prosecutor to look into Russia s interference in the U.S. election, which the intelligence community has reported extensively on.Trump has denied over and over again that Russia meddled in the U.S. election, and has repeatedly shot down and offended the CIA and other intelligence organizations in order to protect Russia and his favorite tyrant, Vladimir Putin. So when Ryan responded to the question with the exact opposite stance that Trump has taken, it made the former reality television star look even more foolish than before. Clearly, this is yet another thing that the Republican Party is divided on right now.Ryan stated very bluntly that Russia without a doubt DID mess with the U.S. election on Trump s behalf, further embarrassing Trump for his ridiculous defense of the country. Ryan said: We know Russia meddled in the election. No one is disputing that. And this last government gave us that information in the first place. No one is alleging that some American was in on it beforehand. And yet, there s still a little problem with Ryan s statement   the part where he says  no one is disputing that.  Let s remind him that just yesterday, Trump tried to convince everyone that all this  Russia talk is FAKE NEWS  and blamed the Democratic Party and media for being petty and bitter over the election loss.Trump is seriously delusional, and Ryan s statement perfectly illustrates that the Republican Party is splitting from Trump in many ways, unable to agree with his insanity. Looks like Trump is alone in defending Russia, and the GOP doesn t care if they make him look like an idiot anymore. You can watch Ryan trash Trump below:Featured image via Mark Wilson and Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
2368, Trump’s EPA Admin GUILTY Of Lying To Congress During His Confirmation – Republicans SILENT,"One would think that, after all the accusations that Hillary lied to Congress about everything in all of creation, they d be especially sensitive to anybody else lying to them. Especially when it s easily proven. Trump s pick to head the EPA, Scott Pruitt, used a private email account for some of his government business during his tenure as Oklahoma s attorney general. It s not illegal for him to use private email under Oklahoma law as long as the emails are made publicly available, but they weren t, and he lied to Congress about it anyway.Pruitt answered a written questionnaire that asked him whether he used private email. He responded with: I use only my official OAG email address and government issued phone to conduct official business. He later told the Senate Energy and Public Works Committee that he didn t know why a personal email address was listed as part of his business addresses. 7,500 pages of emails, presumably from that address, have been released after an Oklahoma judge ruled that Pruitt had been withholding them illegally.Senate Democrats say this raises serious questions about Pruitt s credibility, which is already on shaky ground because he was suing the EPA as Oklahoma s attorney general. One of the concerns about his emails is that he was working closely with fossil fuel companies to resist the government s efforts to limit carbon emissions   something the fossil fuel industry and all its lackeys hate because it hurts profits.That s a serious conflict of interest, and lies about it just compound the whole situation.Sen. Ron Wyden, an Oregon Democrat, said of Pruitt s credibility: Now that he is in charge of protecting clean air and water in every community across the country, the public must decide for themselves whether they can trust Pruitt when he can t even be honest about his email or his ties to the oil and gas industry. Sen. John Barasso, a Wyoming Republican, wouldn t comment on the matter and other Republicans appear to be silent as well. Why? Likely because they want someone at the EPA who s willing to render it toothless, if not dismantle it entirely, and also because this reflects extremely badly on them given their insistence that Hillary s use of private email was the world s worst crime ever.Pruitt will probably remain at the head of the EPA even though lying to Congress is perjury. Republicans never want to admit when they ve screwed up.Featured image by Aaron P. Bernstein via Getty Images",0
2369, Trump’s Moronic ‘FAKE NEWS’ Attacks Accidentally Send New York Times Subscriptions ‘Though The Roof’,"Donald Trump may be trying to destroy the  failing  New York Times, but it seems that his rhetoric has just made the publication more popular than ever, sending subscriptions  though the roof  according to an editor.These days, any publication that prints something Trump doesn t like is anything ranging from  fake news  to  FAKE NEWS  to  VERY FAKE NEWS  (Trump has never provided a guide to how he defines each of the terms)   and the New York Times is one of his favorite targets for criticism what with all the truth-telling and whatnot.Over the weekend, Trump said the New York Times   which has won more than 100 Pulitzer Prizes   is  failing. But the newspaper s executive editor Dean Baquet says it s actually quite the opposite   and Trump is helping immensely. Trump is the best thing to happen to the Times  subscription strategy,  Baquet says.  Every time he tweets it drives subscriptions wildly. Our digital subscriptions are through the roof, our print subscriptions are up.  But he warns that it is important to realize the motivation behind Trump s statements, no matter how much The Donald is driving subscriptions: If you look at the pattern of the president s tweets, they re actually designed to minimize the institutions who are charged with holding him accountable, and I think that s dangerous. Baquet also hit back at Trump s recent demonization of anonymous sources: In an administration that has expressed so much distaste for the press and so much distaste for our role, are you surprised that some of the people who want to criticise the administration want to do it without their names attached? I m not. He s been an anonymous source throughout his career, especially when it helped him and when it burnished his reputation,  he added, referencing Trump s habit of providing information   true or not   under fake names.On Monday, Sean Spicer clarified that all press isn t, as Trump says,  the enemy of the American people.  Only the New York Times and Politico and all the other organizations Trump calls  fake news    in other words, those who criticize him   are the  enemy. It is clear what Trump is doing. It is clear that he needs to be stopped. Let s make that happen.Featured image via Getty Images/Chip Somodevilla",0
2370, Reince Priebus Facing Misconduct Complaint For Interfering With FBI’s Russia Investigation,"Reince Priebus, Donald Trump s chief of staff, is now facing a misconduct complaint related to his decision to interfere with the FBI s investigation of Russia.Attorney J. Whitfield Larrabee filed the complaint with the Wisconsin Office of Lawyer Regulation regarding Priebus  attempt to persuade the FBI to favor Trump in their investigation of the Russian scandal that has plagued the administration.The complaint reads:There is probable cause to charge attorney Reince Priebus ( Priebus ) with violations of Wisconsin s Rules of Professional Conduct for Attorneys, Supreme Court Rules, Chapter 20. The violations of these rules relate to Priebus  corrupt attempt to influence investigations by the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) into criminal activity involving associates of Donald J. Trump ( Trump ) and Russian government officials. .It is a violation of SCR 20:8.4 (b) for a lawyer to  commit a criminal act that reflects adversely on the lawyer s honesty, trustworthiness or fitness as a lawyer in other respects.  It is a violation of SCR 20:8.4 (c)  to engage in conduct involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit or misrepresentation.  There is probable cause to charge Priebus with such serious violations of these particular ethical requirements that it will be necessary and appropriate to revoke his license to practice of law if the charges are established.Larrabee explained that he  filed the complaint as a concerned citizen and attorney because I was alarmed that Reince Priebus would communicate with the FBI about a pending investigation of the collusion between Trump campaign officials and senior Russian intelligence officials. Communications by Priebus with the FBI about a pending investigation of this sort severely violates the integrity of the investigation and is a blatant form of corruption. While it isn t really likely that this complaint will bring about any real repercussions for Priebus, it does send a very important message: even if Republicans won t stand up to Trump s administration and hold them accountable, the citizens of the United States will.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
2371," Trump Whines About His Obamacare Replacement, Gives The Most PATHETIC Reason Why It Sucks (VIDEO)","Earlier today, Donald Trump told a group of U.S. governors that his mysterious, frustratingly nonspecific replacement plan for Obamacare (also known as the Affordable Care Act) would give states more flexibility amongst other soaring promises. He also thanked some of the governors in the room for helping him because he obviously knew nothing about health care before he stepped into his role as POTUS   and he probably still doesn t.Trump s plan to repeal and replace Obamacare was a disaster from the start, and we re now seeing protests erupt across the country as millions of Americans stand to lose life-saving affordable health care if Trump gets his way. Many prominent GOPers have also spoken out against completely taking Obamacare away from the American people, but Trump isn t listening.In his speech, Trump addressed the reason why his plan has been so secretive and poorly planned. Stating that health care was  unbelievably complex , he said: We have come up with a solution that s really, really I think very good. It s an unbelievably complex subject. Nobody knew that health care could be so complicated. We have a plan that I think is going to be fantastic. It s going to be released fairly soon. I think it s going to be something special   I think you re going to like what you hear. And of course, he couldn t provide any details as usual. Despite bragging about the Republican Party s major move to repeal and replace a health care law that has given millions of Americans affordable, accessible health care, Trump and the GOP have done nothing but stall and beat around the bush. And yet despite having a concrete solution, Trump dissed Obamacare: As soon as we touch it, if we do the most minute thing, just a tiny little change, what s going to happen? They re going to say it s the Republicans  problem. But we have to do what s right because Obamacare is a failed disaster. You can watch Trump s speech below:Featured image via Pool / Getty Images",0
2372, White House Now Planting Fake Stories To Discredit Reporters Who Expose Trump’s Bullsh*t,"Apparently, the White House is not pleased that the story of White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer furiously confiscating cell phones as he looks for the source of leaks leaked. In fact, the Trump Team is so displeased that the decided to get a little payback against one of the reporters who exposed it.Six hours after the story broke the Washington Examiner published a report claiming that the Alex Isenstadt, co-author of Politico s report on Spicer s leak hunt, laughed at the Navy SEAL Donald Trump s stupidity killed in Yemen.Isenstadt had asked Spicer about one of the leaks   a revelation Spicer had berated a junior spokesperson, Jessica Ditto, in the middle of a staff meeting, causing her to cry.  The only time Jessica recalls almost getting emotional is when we had to relay the information on the death of Chief Ryan Owens,  Spicer said, referring to the SEAL. The Examiner then reports:Unsaid, according to White House officials, is that Isenstadt appeared dismissive and laughed at Spicer s answer. He started laughing about that SEAL,  said one informed official, also upset at Politico s  insulting  description of Ditto in the story as a  more junior spokesperson. In reality, Isenstadt chuckled at Spicer s cartoonish reaction to the question. It didn t take long for people to see what was going on:My goodness, this is obvious what's going on here. https://t.co/c8nF0oYigB  Steven Ginsberg (@stevenjay) February 27, 2017Reporter writes story WH doesn't like/disputes. WH anonymously plants false story about reporter. https://t.co/2ZGue3uxfz  Carrie Budoff Brown (@cbudoffbrown) February 27, 2017@cbudoffbrown @TheDailyEdge My favorite part is that it's anonymously sourced. ???  El Franch se (@dannyboi965) February 27, 2017@stevenjay @maggieNYT Understand that these people will do whatever it takes to get what they want. Bannon is driving this train wreck.  OttolineMorrell (@OttolineMorrell) February 27, 2017@stevenjay @dcexaminer They claim media fabricates facts & engineers stories, yet they're doing precisely that. Totally Hitler-esque.  TheSheepleResistance (@SheepleResist) February 27, 2017@stevenjay @dcexaminer So the plan here is to plant fake anonymous sources to discredit all anonymous sourcing?  Nicole (@skilledscribe) February 27, 2017As some noted, it is particularly hilarious that this was anonymously sourced   the exact kind of sourcing Trump says cannot be trusted. Apparently, we can expect to see more of this FAKE NEWS (am I doing that right?) anytime someone makes the Trump administration uncomfortable. Then, of course, there are the  dossiers  a Trump staffer says the administration has compiled to blackmail non-compliant reporters So, journalists   keep reporting everything you can about this corrupt administration until all of you are involved in the Pizzagate coverup. It means you have done your job well.Featured image via Getty Images (John W. Adkisson)",0
2373, WATCH: George W. Bush Just Proved He Was A Better President Than Trump Will Ever Be,"If it wasn t clear before that Donald Trump is worse than George W. Bush ever was, it s definitely clear now.During an appearance on the TODAY Show on Monday, Bush was asked to comment on Trump s assault on the free press, and he absolutely destroyed him. I consider the media to be indispensable to democracy,  Bush said.  We need an independent media to hold people like me to account. Power can be very addictive and it can be corrosive, and it s important for the media to call to account people who abuse their power. One of those people, Bush pointed out, is Russian dictator Vladimir Putin, who controls the media in his country with an iron fist.In fact, Bush said he tried to persuade Putin to allow a free and independent press in Russia.Apparently, Putin didn t budge.Now Trump is copying his buddy Putin by trying to muzzle the free press in the United States, much to the glee of conservatives who think the media should operate as a propaganda machine for their agenda.Trump has declared the media  fake news  every time he sees a story he doesn t like and has even gone so far as to bar news outlets like CNN and the New York Times from press briefings.And Trump s effort to undermine the free press harms America s mission to spread democracy throughout the world because Trump is making us look like a bunch of hypocrites. It s kind of hard to tell others to have an independent free press when we re not willing to have one ourselves,  Bush said.Bush even believes the American people deserve an investigation into Trump s ties with Russia, which have only deepened and become more of a scandal in recent weeks because Trump s administration is trying to use the CIA, FBI, and top Republicans on the Senate and House Intelligence Committees to bury the reports.Furthermore, Bush took a shot at Trump s anti-Muslim travel ban, which caused worldwide chaos and was blocked by the courts. A bedrock of our freedom is the right to worship freely,  Bush said. During Bush s eight years in office, he strove to defend Islam when bigoted people like Trump attacked it as a religion of terrorism just because a few fanatics wrongly used it to justify their deadly attacks.Here s the video via YouTube.In a way, George W. Bush must be so happy right now. On the one hand, Donald Trump is a complete disaster who is acting like a tyrant. It s definitely hurting American prestige and our reputation. But one the other hand, Bush is no longer considered the worst president in American history. Trump managed to take that title in under a month.Featured image via screenshot",0
2374, COVER UP: Sean Spicer Asked CIA And Top Republicans To Bury Russia Reports For Trump,"There needs to be an independent commission and special prosecutor put on this case now.Earlier this month, the New York Times reported that Trump campaign officials were in contact with Russian intelligence during the election. Intelligence officials intercepted several communications between Trump s associates and Russian intelligence even as Trump was busy publicly urging Russian hackers to find Hillary Clinton s emails.Infuriated by the report, Trump s chief-of-staff Reince Priebus got caught trying to get the FBI to shut it down. Now White House mouthpiece Sean Spicer just got caught enlisting the CIA Director and top Republicans on the House and Senate Intelligence Committees to bury the reports.According to Axios,  Spicer personally picked up the phone and connected outside officials with reporters to try to discredit a New York Times article about Trump campaign aides  contact with Russia, then remained on the line for the brief conversations. The officials reached by Spicer were CIA Director Mike Pompeo and Senate Select Intelligence Committee Chair Richard Burr (R-N.C), according to a senior administration official. The reporters were from The Washington Post and The Wall Street Journal, the official said. Spicer provided reporters  phone numbers to House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes (R-Calif.), who offered to make the calls himself, according to the official:  He was in and out of an event. Pompeo and Burr told the journalists that the Times story wasn t true but provided no details, frustrating the competing reporters, according to the official:  Both of them said: All I can tell you is the story is not accurate. This looks like a direct effort by Trump s White House to kill a report he doesn t like, which begs the question: Why is Trump so desperate to kill the reports about his ties to Russia?Trump s repeated attempts to do so smacks of a cover-up and he is using his partisan CIA Director and top Republicans to do it, the very Republicans who lead the committees that would be responsible for investigating Trump and his Russia ties.Now it s clear that Republicans in Congress can t be trusted to run such an investigation, and former CIA and Pentagon official George Little agrees. It s doubtful that Congress can conduct an objective and independent investigation into ties between this White House and the Russian government if it is collaborating so closely on media pushback with the White House press secretary,  he said.And that means an independent commission needs to be tasked with investigating Trump s ties to Russia and a special prosecutor should be appointed to oversee it.Because it is clear that Trump and his team are trying to hide something. There is something they don t want the American people discovering. We deserve to know the truth and by trying so hard to kill it, Trump is making this story even bigger and more important than ever.Featured Image: Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2375, All Six Oscar Nominees For Best Foreign Film SLAM Trump And His Hate In Epic Letter,"The U.S. is headed in a bad direction, as are many other countries with xenophobic, science-denying, far-right-wing nutjobs worming their way into power to tear the world apart. Last night was Oscars night, which means there were foreign films up for awards. There were six nominees in all for Best Foreign Film, and all six are concerned about the direction of the world in general, but the U.S. in specific.To that end, they wrote an absolutely amazing letter condemning the divisions and hatred that Trump and his ilk are normalizing everywhere.The nominees were Martin Zandvliet (Denmark), for Land of Mine; Hannes Holm (Sweden), for A Man Called Ove; Asghar Farhadi (Iran), for The Salesman; Maren Ade (Germany), for Toni Erdmann; and Martin Butler (Australia), for Bentley Dean-Tanna. They began their letter with: On behalf of all nominees, we would like to express our unanimous and emphatic disapproval of the climate of fanaticism and nationalism we see today in the U.S. and in so many other countries, in parts of the population, and, most unfortunately of all, among leading politicians. They re talking about politicians such as He who Lives in the White House right now, pretending he s a world leader, and all his supporters in Congress and throughout the nation. These six filmmakers see where the far right is trying to divide the world into genders, colors, religions and sexualities, orientations and identities and use those divisions to further their campaigns of fear, and yes, violence and hate.They ask what it is that  cinema can do  here, and they believe the answer is that cinema can provide insight into how different people live and what their lived experiences are. Then they say: We believe there is no best country, best gender, best religion or best color. We want this [Oscar] to stand as a symbol of the unity between nations and the freedom of the arts. While they do say they re concerned about this fanaticism around the world, they really do seem to be speaking to the U.S. because we ve accelerated all of this with our acceptance and election of President Asterisk. So the end of their letter is a sword pointed straight at him and his policies: We dedicate this [Oscar] to all the people, artists journalists and activists who are working to foster unity and understanding, and who uphold freedom of expression and human dignity   values whose protection is now more important than ever. By dedicating the Oscar to them, we wish to express to them our deep respect and solidarity. The right loves saying that awards shows shouldn t be political, and that celebrities need to stick to what they know and stay out of politics. Oh, please. Trump is a threat to the world and to worldwide freedom. Is it really any wonder that foreign artists like these six, especially Farhadi, who hails from one of the countries Trump has tried to ban from the U.S. (and who boycotted the Oscars because of that), would make a point of singling out the U.S. and Donald Trump this way? It s not.And things like this need to be spread far and wide. Read the full letter below:All 6 #Oscar nominees for best foreign film wrote a letter denouncing  fanaticism and nationalism   among leading politicians  in the U.S. pic.twitter.com/QC8r4vrHZX  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) February 27, 2017 Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
2376, Trump PANICKING As Father Of Slain SEAL Demands Investigation Into His Botched Yemen Raid,"Donald Trump s botched Yemen raid left 30 civilians   including an 8-year-old American girl and other women and children   dead, as well as a Navy SEAL. Trump has been largely silent about the death of William  Ryan  Owens, and with good reason: it was his negligence that caused it.An 11-year-old child was the first to be struck by a bullet after he heard a commotion outside. Many more children as young as three months old would lose their lives in the bloodbath that was Trump s first military operation. Trump, in his haste to approve the operation over dinner without adequate  intelligence, ground support or adequate backup preparations  according to military officials, failed to kill his primary target. All that we have to show from the botched mission are a few training videos the Trump administration touted as evidence of their success. The videos have been available on YouTube for a decade.The mission was so poorly-executed that Yemen withdrew permission for the United States to conduct anti-terrorism ground operations within its borders   because Trump can not be trusted.And for what was effectively an attempt for The Donald to boost his fragile ego, Owens lost his life.Since the failed mission, the Trump administration has been using the slain SEAL to silence detractors, indicating that any opposition to the failed operation was somehow an assault on Owens himself   and his father has spoken out to tell Trump where he can stick that line of rhetoric. Don t hide behind my son s death to prevent an investigation. I want an investigation.   The government owes my son an investigation. The elder Owens says that when he heard Trump was coming to  pay respects  to his son   a clear attempt to politicize the death his terrible decision making caused   he was not pleased. The Miami Herald reports: I told them I didn t want to make a scene about it, but my conscience wouldn t let me talk to him,  Owens said Friday, speaking out for the first time in an interview with the Miami Herald.Owens, also a military veteran, was troubled by Trump s harsh treatment of a Gold Star family during his presidential campaign. Now Owens was a Gold Star parent, and he said he had deep reservations about the way the decision was made to launch what would be his son s last mission.Ryan and as many as 29 civilians were killed Jan. 28 in the anti-terrorism mission in Yemen. What was intended as a lightning raid to grab cellphones, laptops and other information about terrorists turned into a nearly hour-long firefight in which  everything went wrong,  according to U.S. military officials who spoke to the New York Times.Bill Owens said he was assured that his son, who was shot, was killed early in the fight. It was the first military counter-terrorist operation approved by the new president, who signed the go-ahead Jan. 26   six days into his term. Why at this time did there have to be this stupid mission when it wasn t even barely a week into his administration? Why? For two years prior, there were no boots on the ground in Yemen   everything was missiles and drones   because there was not a target worth one American life. Now, all of a sudden we had to make this grand display? I d like some answers about all the things that happened in the timeline that led up to it. I know what the timeline is, and it bothers me a lot,  Owens says. One aspect in particular is that Donald Trump signed his Muslim ban the day before the raid. As Yemen was one of the affected countries, he wonders if it may have affected friendly forces who were assisting with the raid: It just doesn t make any sense to do something to antagonize an ally when you re going to conduct a mission in that country. Did we alienate some of the people working with them, translators or support people. Maybe they decided to release information to jeopardize the mission. Owens says he has no political agenda; he just wants the truth   as do the rest of us.Featured image via screengrab",0
2377, Trump Once Again Demonstrates Why His Russia Scandal Should Be Investigated,"There is definitely such a thing as protesting too much, and Donald Trump is making it very clear that Congress should investigate his ties to Russia.In yet another hissy fit on Twitter, Trump whined about his Russia scandal continuing to be a major news story and claimed that the media keeps bringing it up to hide his  big  election victory.Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems, and played up by the media, in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 26, 2017First of all, Trump s  big  election victory was one of the smallest on record. He only received 306 electoral votes, which is lower the both of President Obama s totals in 2008 and 2012. Furthermore, Trump lost the popular vote by nearly 3 million votes.Second, the media continues to report on Russia because it is a major scandal that Trump has been trying to shake for months now. His chief-of-staff Reince Priebus even desperately asked the FBI to shut down the reports on it in order to muzzle the story.Third, leaks are important sources for the press, especially since Trump lies constantly every time he speaks. Also, Trump is only calling the news  fake  because he doesn t like it.But Trump s obsession with calling his Russia scandal  fake news  should be reason enough for Congress to open an investigation. Trump has been protesting this story and trying to make it go away for way too long. If there is truly nothing to the story then Trump would just ignore it. But he isn t because he has something to hide.As usual, Twitter users were not impressed by Trump s tweet either.@realDonaldTrump And can you explain HOW Russia is  fake news ? You ve said this 1000 times yet have never countered a single point!  William LeGate (@williamlegate) February 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump The only  illegal leaks  now are coming from within *your* administration, and we all know leaks cannot be  fake  William LeGate (@williamlegate) February 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump In a recent press conference you were corrected that you did not have the biggest electoral college win.  Al Letson (@Al_Letson) February 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump Additionally, you lost the popular vote by 2.8 million voters. How is this a big election defeat?  Al Letson (@Al_Letson) February 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump was birtherism a fake story? You wanted Obama to prove your accusation wrong. Should you not do the same?  Al Letson (@Al_Letson) February 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump Are you sure it isn t that your talk about inauguration numbers is just a cover for your ties to Russia?  Jules Suzdaltsev (@jules_su) February 26, 2017.@realDonaldTrump How is it fake news AND illegal leaks? If it s fake news, you wouldn t be after leakers.  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) February 26, 2017The bottom line is that Trump needs to be investigated by Congress, but Republicans are too busy making excuses so that they don t have to do it. Because if they did their duty, they would discover Trump s treachery and would be forced to impeach him. And they don t want to do that because they would lose their rubber stamp and piss off their voter base.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2378, REPORT: Sean Spicer Forces Staffers To Surrender Phones In Search Of Leakers,"Donald Trump s paranoia and desperation to keep the American people in the dark just took an unconstitutional turn.For weeks, various news outlets have obtained inside information from White House sources such as memos and descriptions of what is going on behind the scenes. That s how we know about what executive orders Trump is considering and how we know about the chaos and infighting that has been plaguing Trump s administration. It s also how we know more about Trump s Russia scandal.Rather than address his executive orders or the chaos in the White House or his Russia scandal, Trump would rather whine about the leaks instead.The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 14, 2017Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by  intelligence  like candy. Very un-American!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017You know what is really un-American? Forcing your staffers to hand over their phones for an inspection.According to a report by Politico, White House mouthpiece Sean Spicer actually confiscated the phones of his staff to go through them in order to make sure they are not leaking any information to the press.Of course, if someone had refused to hand over their phone they would have more than likely lost their job so they definitely didn t volunteer to give their phones up. They had to do it out of fear.The staffers were called to an  emergency meeting  and told to place any electronic device they had on them on a table, including personal cell phones, so they could be searched.But the Constitution specifically bars such illegal searches and seizures.The Fourth Amendment states, The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized. In other words, if Trump really thinks the leaks are  illegal,  he should have to get a warrant to search the phones of his employees. But he didn t, which means his search is illegal and in violation of the constitutional rights of his staffers. Trump and Spicer can hardly call the confiscation voluntary either since many of these staffers probably believed they would be fired if they did not hand over their phones. That means they were forced to do so, and they can file a lawsuit for having their privacy violated.Once again, Donald Trump and his team are violating the Constitution. Republicans in Congress cannot continue to allow Trump to trample our constitutional rights. It s time to investigate and impeach him. Because at this rate, he ll literally be ripping up the Constitution if he isn t stopped.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2379, Republican ABSURDLY Claims Investigating Trump Would Be Like ‘McCarthyism’,"Republicans are literally using every excuse they can come up with to avoid investigating Donald Trump.After years of frivolously investigating Hillary Clinton and President Obama, Republicans are refusing to investigate Trump over his various ties to Russia, which includes Russia interfering in our election process on his behalf and Michael Flynn illegally negotiating with Russian officials about the sanctions put in place by President Obama and lying to Mike Pence about it.Republicans have claimed that investigating Trump would be a waste of time and money, conveniently ignoring the fact that they wasted millions and spent years investigating Benghazi, an investigation that surpassed the 9/11 and Watergate investigations as the longest in American history. And that effort turned up nothing.However, Republicans know that if they investigate Trump they will end up actually finding evidence that would warrant immediate impeachment, and they don t want to lose their rubber stamp in the White House and piss off conservative voters in the process.House Intelligence Chairman GOP Rep. Devin Nunes is even going so far as to claim that such an investigation would be a witch hunt similar to McCarthyism. This is almost like McCarthyism revisited,  Nunes said at a Republican convention in California.  We re going to go on a witch hunt against, against innocent Americans. You read that right. Nunes actually just claimed that Trump and his accomplices are totally innocent even though the evidence is stacking up.According to Nunes, the intelligence community has no evidence of Trump and his administration doing anything suspicious. At this point there s nothing there,  Nunes continued.  Once we begin to look at all the evidence, and if we find any American that had any contact with Russian agents or anybody affiliated with the Russian government, then we ll be glad to, at that point, you know, subpoena those people before the House and let the legislative branch do its oversight and then we would recommend it over to, you know, the appropriate people. Of course, that s complete bullshit. Not only did the intelligence community agree that Russia interfered with the election, Michael Flynn was forced to resign for being in contact with Russian officials prior to Trump taking office. Also, Trump and his team are trying really hard to kill any talk of an investigation, even desperately asking the FBI to shut it down.Trump s business has ties to Russian oligarchs who are close to Vladimir Putin. Trump s taxes would probably show his ties to Russia but he refuses to release them because they would incriminate him.Russia has literally been a scandal for Trump since before Election Day and it has only continued to get bigger since he took office last month.But Nunes is ignoring all of that, claiming that an investigation against Trump would be  against the American people.  He also subscribed to Trump s claim that the media is  fake news. At this point, we can t go on a witch hunt against the American people, any American people who have not had any contact just because they appeared in a news story,  Nunes concluded.Again, this is outrageously absurd. The only reason Republicans don t want to investigate Trump is because they don t want to investigate one of their own. If Trump were a Democrat, Republicans would have impeached him on day one. It is the duty of Congress to investigate Trump s Russia scandal. That s not McCarthyism because Joe McCarthy accused hundreds of people of being communists without any proof whatsoever. There is a lot of proof that Trump is in bed with the Russians. But Republicans are hypocrites and that s why they should all be thrown out of office in 2018 so that Democrats can take over Congress and impeach Trump and his entire administration.Featued image via Andrew Harrer   Pool/Getty Images",0
2380," WATCH: Fox Host Chris Wallace SMACKS Trump, Asks How Attacking The Media Creates Jobs","When one of Donald Trump s minions appeared on Fox News Sunday to sell bullshit, Chris Wallace was not buying it.For months, Trump has been launching vicious attacks on the media, even going so far as to call them the  enemy of the American people  and ban several news organizations from White House press briefings.Trump says outlets like the New York Times and CNN are reporting on him inaccurately despite having no proof to support his claims.Also, whining about things seems to be all Trump is capable of doing as he has also attacked the intelligence community, congressmen, businesses, Saturday Night Live, and anyone else who criticizes him.So when Corey Lewandowski appeared on Fox on Sunday, Chris Wallace put the screws to him. The reason we invited you on in the first place, I want to talk about the Trump agenda with you,  Wallace began before playing video of Steve Bannon accusing the media of standing in the way of Trump s  economic nationalist  agenda. These last couple of weeks of Mr. Trump s first days in office have been dominated by attacks on the media and the intelligence community,  Wallace continued.  Do all of these attacks on the media and intelligence and opponents, does that get in the way of that message? Lewandowski responded by attacking the media, accusing the media of writing  100 percent factually inaccurate  reports. Lewandowski then repeated Trump s demand that the media report what he tells them to report instead of investigating and digging for the truth. Why not just pursue his agenda?  Wallace shot back.  He may be right on that or he may be wrong. But how many jobs does that create? Indeed, attacking the media and the various people and entities that criticize him have not created any jobs for Americans. In fact, Trump is too busy focusing on his obsession with the media than he is on working on behalf of the American people. And that is causing him to lag in comparison to his predecessors, something Wallace was quick to inform Lewandowski about after he tried to claim that the media is forcing Trump to attack them. He s falling behind where other new presidents have been at the same point in their term,  Wallace said.Here s the video via YouTube.Donald Trump needs to seriously sort out his priorities and get his lazy ass back to work instead of using his time to whine. It s unpresidential and will only give the media more to criticize him about.Trump made a promise to create jobs in this country but he is apparently too busy worrying about what the media is saying about him to care about keeping it.Featured image via screeenshot",0
2381, John Kasich: Completely Getting Rid Of Obamacare Is Just ‘Not Acceptable’ (VIDEO),"Ohio Governor and former Republican presidential hopeful John Kasich says that the GOP s plan for a full repeal of Obamacare, which would leave millions without health insurance, is just  not acceptable. Appearing Sunday morning on CBS s Face The Nation, Kasich discussed Congressional Republican s determination to repeal the Affordable Care Act even though they don t have a replacement plan. The Ohio Governor told host John Dickerson that Republicans are going to have to reach across party lines and work with Democrats if they hope to come up with a plan that will keep Americans from dying due to lack of health care. I mean there s going to be a problem in the House of getting anything out of there that still provides coverage to people,  Kasich noted.  That s why the Republicans have to reach out to some of the Democrats. I don t know whether that s going to happen. Dickerson pressed him, asking him to provide a deeper explanation. Well because I think there are some very conservative Republicans in the House who are going to say just get rid of the whole thing,  he stated.  And that s not acceptable when you have 20 million people, or 700,000 people in my state, because where do the mentally ill go? Where do the drug addicted go? As a resident of Ohio myself, I m not exactly sure when Kasich became the voice of reason. If my memory serves, it was sometime during the primaries when he showed that he was the only Republican still in the running who wasn t batshit crazy. But I digress.Kasich is right. Leaving millions of Americans without health insurance is simply  not acceptable  by any stretch of the imagination.Watch Kasich s interview, here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
2382, WATCH: CNN Panelist HUMILIATES ‘Snowflake’ Trump For Cowardly Backing Out Of Correspondent’s Dinner,"Donald Trump is so thin-skinned that he would rather sit in the White House and pout instead of attending the White House Correspondent s Dinner.It is a tradition for the president to attend the annual White House Correspondent s Dinner. It s a chance to spend time with reporters and journalists and enjoy the entertainment of a comedian. Stephen Colbert, Craig Ferguson, Jon Stewart, and Jay Leno are just a few of the big-name comedians who have headlined the event. And presidents get the opportunity to let off some steam by delivering jokes. President Obama was particularly skilled at self-deprecating humor while also making jokes about his critics.For example, President Obama once seriously burned Donald Trump with a joke in 2011 in reference to Trump s birtherism. Now, I know that he s taken some flak lately, but no one is happier, no one is prouder to put this birth certificate matter to rest than The Donald,  Obama said.  And that s because he can finally get back to focusing on the issues that matter   like, did we fake the moon landing? What really happened in Roswell? And where are Biggie and Tupac? President Obama then joked about Trump s  leadership  on Celebrity Apprentice for firing Gary Busey after a cooking contest.  These are the kind of decisions that would keep me up at night. Well handled, sir. Well handled,  Obama said. Meanwhile, Obama had just ordered the raid that killed Osama Bin Laden, which makes his appearance at the Dinner even more impressive.But Trump has decided to be a big baby and is now the first president to ever skip the event. Ronald Reagan did not attend in 1981, but he had a good excuse since he had just been shot. But he still managed to deliver some remarks via phone.I will not be attending the White House Correspondents  Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 25, 2017During a discussion on CNN on Saturday, New York Times TV critic Bill Carter took Trump to the woodshed for cowardly refusing to attend. Republicans always criticize the media,  Carter said.  This has reached a point where it s over the top, actually. Any story that s critical of him now becomes  fake. Indeed, Trump has declared war on the media because they refuse to be his cheerleading squad. And I think the fact that he s bowing out of this dinner, it has a little bit of the quality of  You can t fire me, I quit.  because a lot of people are dropping out of this dinner,  Carter continued.And it s true. Trump s attacks on the media have caused many news outlets to cancel parties and refuse to go to the dinner. Now that Trump isn t going, perhaps these outlets will now reverse their decision.But Carter wasn t done yet. Carter said that Trump knows he isn t going to get a good reception from the crowd at this event, particularly in light of his claim that the media is the  enemy of the American people. In other words, Trump is literally running away because he doesn t want to be criticized. He likes to have paid applauders,  he quipped.  The whole thing would have been fraught for him. And I know there s been a lot of criticism of Democrats for being  snowflakes,  but it s sort of snowflake-y to me, to back out of this. Here s the video via YouTube.Donald Trump knows that he won t be a very welcome guest at the dinner event, but that doesn t mean he should tuck his tail between his legs and run away. If ever there was a chance for a mea culpa with the media, this is it. Trump could apologize to the media for his unfair and un-American attacks on them and try to build a better relationship with them. But he won t because he is a petulant child who would rather throw a temper tantrum instead of doing something that makes him look like a grown-up.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
2383," Trump Attacks The ‘Failing’ New York Times, But The Internet Sets Him Straight About Who’s ‘Failing’ (TWEETS)","Donald Trump kicked off his Sunday morning by once again attacking the New York Times, one of the many  fake news  organizations he has apparently banned from his press briefings along with CNN, Politico, the LA Times, and Buzzfeed   all organizations he called  the enemy of the American people  in a hastily deleted (yet widely noticed) tweet   while allowing Breitbart and others to attend.Commenting on an ad the New York Times is running   one with a message that the truth is important   The Donald said that the  bad  ad is an effort to  save its failing reputation,  apparently missing the point that the Times (winner of 119 Pulitzer Prizes) is neither failing nor does it need advertising to  save  itself no matter what he throws at the news organization.For first time the failing @nytimes will take an ad (a bad one) to help save its failing reputation. Try reporting accurately & fairly!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 26, 2017Naturally, Twitter was right there to set him straight on the validity of his attack::@realDonaldTrump the @nytimes was founded in 1851 and has survived far more than you can throw at it.  AJ Joshi (@AJ) February 26, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Are you really telling the winner of 119 Pulitzer Prizes how to report the news?  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) February 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump @nytimes  The leaks are real but the news is fake : Trump s wild press conference pic.twitter.com/jNkj2ANPfg  Lil' Kim Ms. G.O.A.T (@killerbee805) February 26, 2017.@realDonaldTrump The ""failing @nytimes"" that gained hundreds of thousands of subscribers in the last few months  Edward Hardy (@EdwardTHardy) February 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump It's not the first time the @nytimes has run ads. They did so in 2010. Just another lie & #fakenews from our idiot Prez.  Aaron Gouveia (@DaddyFiles) February 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump @nytimes Well, they are chasing a Pulitzer, along with every other news outlet investigating you and the Russians.  Joe Harris (@joeharris) February 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump Perhaps you haven t seen a recent @nytimes stock chart. They are enjoying a 52 week high, Donald. Not exactly failing: pic.twitter.com/caWAnwXcJW  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) February 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump @nytimes pic.twitter.com/JjccKe3IU3  Martin Varsavsky (@martinvars) February 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump @nytimes The only #FakeNews is that you're a human being with a soul and normal-sized appendages. Failing Trump lies! SAD!  Super Thom Dunn Man! (@thomdunn) February 26, 2017.@realDonaldTrump pretty sure you hate the @nytimes because their crossword puzzles never have ""BIGLY"" as an answer  gigglechick (@gigglechick) February 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump @nytimes try giving your opinion diplomatically instead of attacking and attempting to take down an American business. pic.twitter.com/g32ZWw2A2x  AJ Joshi (@AJ) February 26, 2017In December, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said that banning media access is what a  dictatorship  does. Conservative, liberal or otherwise,  he said during an interview while explaining away Trump banning media from events,  that s what makes a democracy a democracy versus a dictatorship. I think there is a vastly different model when it comes to government and what should be expected, and that s on both sides. I think we have a respect for the press when it comes to the government. That is something you can t ban an entity from,  Spicer said. But now the Trump administration is banning media from government functions. . Senior White House policy adviser Stephen Miller made it clear that Trump s actions are absolute and  will not be questioned  after judges killed The Donald s Muslim ban. That paints a pretty clear picture of how the Trump administration views themselves   as dictators.It is up to the American people to stop them.Featured image via Getty Images(Mario Tama)/screengrab",0
2384, Trump Goes On DELUSIONAL Tweet Storm About Democratic Party Chair Election (DETAILS),"Donald Trump has no reason to give a shit about what is happening with the Democratic Party right now. He got elected president as a Republican, and right now the Democrats are trying to rebuild and elect new leaders. Of course, we all know that Tom Perez got elected Chair, and immediately named Keith Ellison his Deputy Chair in a clear effort to unite the two wings of the party.There s no reason for a GOP president who also has the benefit of controlling much of the nation s governorships and state legislatures, as well as the federal government, to address this. However, it s Trump, so of course he had something to say. In a classic early morning set of tweets, Trump used the DNC elections to talk about a  rigged  2016 electoral process:Congratulations to Thomas Perez, who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him, or for the Republican Party!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 25, 2017The race for DNC Chairman was, of course, totally ""rigged."" Bernie's guy, like Bernie himself, never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 26, 2017Now, how who is chair of the Democratic National Committee affects the Republican Party at this point is beyond me. As a Democrat, it is hard for me to admit this, but we are in a very weak position right now. So, the GOP really shouldn t give a shit about what is going on in our party. However, Trump is a narcissist, so he MUST make himself become the story, no matter what the story is. This guy is a nut, so it s useless trying to make his words or actions make sense.At the end of the day, this is REALLY about his continuing inability to admit that he legitimately lost the popular vote by numbers never before seen in modern presidential history, while winning the Electoral College and thus the White House.This guy is a delusional nutcase, and must be removed post haste, for the safety of the republic.Featured image via Tama/Getty Images",0
2385, Muhammad Ali’s Son Detained At Airport Because His Name Sounds Too Muslim,"Immigration officials in Florida proved how out of control things are in Trump s America by detaining the son of Muhammad Ali because his name happens to sound too Muslim for their liking.Muhammad Ali Jr. and his mother, Khalilah Camacho-Ali, were on their way home after speaking at a Black History Month event in Montego Bay, Jamaica. On Feb. 7, they flew into Fort Lauderdale, Florida. And then things took a disturbing turn.Chris Mancini, a lawyer and friend of the family says they were pulled to the side as they were going through customs. Khalilah Camacho-Ali was released when she pulled out a photo of her with the legendary boxer, but Muhammad Ali Jr. didn t have such a photo. Apparently, being related to a famous person would have meant more to officials than the fact that he s an American citizen with a U.S. passport to prove it.Ali Jr. was held by immigration officials and questioned for almost two hours. Where did you get your name from?  they asked him over and over. When they asked him if he was a Muslim, he said yes, and that really set off alarm bells for officials. They continued to question him about his religion and repeatedly asked him where he was born. Just for the record, he was born in Philadelphia in 1971.USA Today reports:While Ali Jr. was detained, Camacho-Ali ran around the airport asking,  Where s my son?  and begging for help, according to Mancini. Because incidents involving customs officials are considered to be on federal soil, local police had no jurisdiction to help her. Ali Jr. was eventually released two hours later, and the family contacted Mancini the following day.They have both traveled all over the world and never, ever, have they been subjected to this kind of treatment, said Mancini.  To the Ali family, it s crystal clear that this is directly linked to Mr. Trump s efforts to ban Muslims from the United States,  he added. Imagine walking into an airport and being asked about your religion,  he said.  This is classic customs profiling. According to Mancini, the Ali family is debating whether or not to file a federal lawsuit and are searching for others who have been subjected to this kind of racial profiling and harassment.Featured image via Andrew H. Walker/Getty Images for the Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson s Research",0
2386, Trump Just Threw The WORST Insult YET Out To The White House Press Corps,"Donald Trump hates the press, unless the press is the far-right wing rags that kiss his ass nonstop, and report only what he likes. On Friday, Sean Spicer held a press gaggle in his office and included some of those rags, while excluding established media outlets with long histories in the White House. The AP and TIME Magazine boycotted the gaggle in solidarity with The New York Times, the Los Angeles Times, CNN and Politico.CNN and The New York Times hit back pretty hard, and the White House Correspondents  Association likewise hit back. Now, with the White House Correspondents  dinner coming up in a couple of months, Trump is yet again insulting the press. He just announced on Twitter he s not going to attend the dinner this year.I will not be attending the White House Correspondents  Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 25, 2017The president generally attends the dinner and gets up onstage to poke fun at himself and everyone in existence, and it s generally hilarious. Trump, however, is at war with the press as evidenced not just by Spicer s treatment of certain media outlets, but also by his own speech at CPAC, where he railed against the  fake news  media.He does it all the time on Twitter, too, and some press outlets are getting tired of it.As far as the dinner, CNN and MSNBC have indicated that they might not attend this year. Vanity Fair and The New Yorker have both announced they won t be there. A list of attendees hasn t been published yet, but we can probably expect more outlets to refuse to attend even if Trump isn t going to be there.Featured image by Olivier Douliery via Getty Images",0
2387, France Just Put Trump Fans Who Hate Obama TO SHAME With This Incredible Movement,"While Trump and his loyal subjects keep bleating about the mess Obama left for them to clean up, and insist that the world laughed at us for the entire eight years of his administration, a growing movement in France is proving them to be completely out of their gourds. France s presidential election is coming up in April, and these people, fed up with Marine Le Pen and her Trump-like attitudes and policies, want Obama to come be France s president.Seriously. They ve got a petition going that s asking Obama to run, and they re hoping they can get at least one million signatures on it. They ve also put up 500 posters around Paris and have an actual campaign organization going:Oui on peut   (?) #obama2017 #streetsofparis pic.twitter.com/v6ptl9DSJB  Romuald COUSTRE (@rcoustre) February 21, 2017Does Obama want to be president of France? Probably not, and the truth is that this is a bit of a joke. But it s not a joke on Obama or the U.S. It s a  joke  in that this group knows he s not going to come run for president there, and they re using this campaign to send a very serious message: We are so fed up with what Marine Le Pen is doing, and with the fact that we weren t able to find a candidate to vote for, only one to vote against. We started talking about that and it came up that Obama is free   so why not hire him? In other words, they see Obama as someone who still represents hope and something to fight for in a world where we increasingly just vote and fight against things.People have actually been getting in touch with the campaign to offer ideas for how to get around the fact that Obama isn t French. Even some lawyers have contacted them with advice on how to make it possible, like making him a naturalized citizen of France. But nobody knows if Obama is even aware of this yet. If he is, and he answers, then the campaign believes there will be a huge reaction.Featured image by Scott Olson via Getty Images",0
2388, Trump’s National Security Adviser Thinks Obama Was Right About Terrorism All Along,"Donald Trump s new national security adviser thinks former-President Obama was right all along, at least when it comes to his stance on terrorism.HR McMaster, the respected army lieutenant general Trump chose to replace Michael Flynn after he resigned, told White House staff at a meeting on Thursday that he does not want to use the term radical Islamic terrorism.  You know, what Obama has been saying for years.The Guardian reports: A participant, paraphrasing McMaster, said:  He said he doesn t want to call it radical Islamic terrorism because the terrorists are, quote,  un-Islamic . McMaster, the participant said, indicated that the phrase castigates  an entire religion  and  he s not on board .At the meeting, multiple sources said, McMaster discomfited White House staffers who view the terrorist threat in those religious terms and who were said to have exchanged awkward looks with each other.Participants who attended the meeting said they were shocked by how different McMaster s views are from those of Trump, who has dropped the phrase  radical Islamic terrorism  at any chance he got.During the meeting, McMaster also let it be known that he disagrees with Trump on several other points as well. He reportedly  laid out a vigorous defense of the post-second world war liberal order, calling it a guarantor of peace and economic prosperity.  Trump, on the other hand, has attacked these same longstanding foreign-policy goals repeatedly.McMaster also took a stance on Russia that is the polar opposite of his Putin loving boss.  One source said McMaster was  very clear  that he viewed Russia  as an adversary,'  the Guardian reports.Trump chose McMaster as his new national security adviser after Flynn was forced to resign when it was revealed that he had told the Russian ambassador not to worry about sanctions during a phone call that took place before Trump was sworn in.Thanks to Trump s Islamophobic policies, at least one prominent NSC staffer has already resigned. Rumana Ahmed, who worked on strategic communications, stepped down after Trump issued his Muslim ban. She said his  radical Islamic terrorism  rhetoric is really no different from the rhetoric of ISIS.Many who attended the meeting were relieved that McMasters doesn t seem to be a complete crazy person when it comes to foreign policy, but they have no idea how that will  work in context with the rest of the White House .Featured image via video screen capture",0
2389, Neo-Nazi Leader Calls Depeche Mode ‘Official Band Of Alt-Right’; The Band Has Other Ideas,"Richard Spencer, the Trump supporting leader of the white nationalist alt-right movement is a fan of the 80s and 90s alternative rock band Depeche Mode, so much so that he said that the band, who sings about racial equality, is the  official band of the alt-right.  Um, no, they aren t and Depeche Mode was quick to let them know.When asked if he likes rock music, according to New York magazine s Olivia Nuzzi, Spencer joked,  Depeche Mode is the official band of the Alt-Right.  Though the  lifelong Depeche Mode fan  later told Rolling Stone,  My tongue was firmly in cheek,  the 38-year-old speaker-provocateur expounded on his love of the group, prompting a quick rebuttal from the left-leaning band. They aren t a typical rock band, in terms of lyrics and much else,  he tells Rolling Stone.  Depeche Mode is a band of existential angst, pain, sadism, horror, darkness and much more. It s not bubblegum pop, with frontmen who sing about  luuuuv  and sugarplum faries [sic]. There was a certain Communist aesthetic to an early album like [1982 s] A Broken Frame as well as titles like Music for the Masses but then there s a bit of a fascist element, too. It s obviously ambiguous, and as with all art, everything is multi-layer, contradictory and ambivalent.Source: Rolling StoneThis is all pretty funny since Dave Gahan, Depeche Mode s frontman, called Trump a  nazi  during the presidential campaign, and sorry Richard, it wasn t a compliment, although perhaps that s how Spencer took it:When asked about Trump, Gahan told Italian journalist Matteo Cruccu of Corriere della Sera in a video interview:  The things that he s saying sound very similar to what someone was saying in 1935. That didn t work out very well! The things that he s saying are cruel and heartless and promoting fear. Source: Heat StreetNot surprisingly, Depeche Mode responded to Spencer with a firm and unambiguous  Depeche Mode has no ties to Richard Spencer of the Alt-Right and does not support the Alt-Right movement.This is a statement the band made during the 80s about race relations. Enjoy:Featured image via Wikimedia",0
2390," ‘Need A Safe Place, Pumpkin?’: The Internet Drags Trump For Begging Supporters To Throw A Rally","Amateur president Donald Trump has avoided doing any real work while only being on the job for just over one month. The 70-year-old has taken several vacations, though, and his trips to his extravagant resort Mar-a-Lago have cost the taxpayers dearly. Just after  winning  the election, Trump went on a thank you tour. Later, after taking the oath of office, the thin-skinned alleged president held a rally in Florida. Trump needs his ego fed daily. With abysmally low approval ratings and finding himself plagued with scandals, Trump wants his supporters to throw a rally in his honor. Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all!,  he tweeted to his 25.5 million followers.Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 25, 2017Twitter users were quick to respond.@realDonaldTrump or maybe even as big as this one   pic.twitter.com/Ry02nfsX1F  Rob Szczerba (@RJSzczerba) February 25, 2017Trump apparently forgot he lost the popular vote by 3 million.  _( )_/  pic.twitter.com/rZo5ByMzMW  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) February 25, 2017@JordanUhl snowflake wants a do-over for his pathetic inauguration.  Justin Hendrix (@justinhendrix) February 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump #SaturdayMorning #TheResistance pic.twitter.com/I34LfvhlKW  #TheResistance (@AynRandPaulRyan) February 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump In Kansas, a racist murdered an Indian man he thought was Muslim yelling ""get out of my country"" you have said nothing.  Alex Leo (@AlexMLeo) February 25, 2017And it is extremely nice for Donald Trump to give Three Doors Down and Alabama a chance to work again at a rally. MAGAGAGAGA!!! Frog frog!  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) February 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump I can picture it now. pic.twitter.com/CGoyHBQRgo  Matt Haig (@matthaig1) February 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump The trouble is though Donald, only dictators have rallies for themselves this early into their 'reign'.  Matt Haig (@matthaig1) February 25, 2017Trump has been silent about this murderer..@realDonaldTrump still no comment on this murderer who shot & killed an Indian and wounded 2 others after saying ""Get out of my country."" pic.twitter.com/NOTfh4AQGH  Khary Penebaker (@kharyp) February 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump Donald, I hate to break it to you. They did. And it wasn't. pic.twitter.com/kccKZk3fU9  Josh Withey   (@josh_withey) February 25, 2017We know what goes on at Trump s rallies.We already know what happens at your rallies @realDonaldTrump.Ht #13th pic.twitter.com/eYJCjuuccP  Khary Penebaker (@kharyp) February 25, 2017 Who needs enemies when we have you? @realDonaldTrump who needs enemies when we have you? You discredit our CIA & block free press from their duties of reporting to the people ?  ? (@VeeVee) February 25, 2017The difference between Obama and Trump.Watch how differently @BarackObama and @realDonaldTrump treat the Press. pic.twitter.com/Oz7V5i6C78  Khary Penebaker (@kharyp) February 25, 2017Hillary won the popular vote, though, so it wouldn't be the biggest rally. :o @realDonaldTrump  Steven Bonnell II (@OmniDestiny) February 25, 2017Trump launched a war on U.S. Intelligence agencies and the press. It looks like the amateur POTUS needs a safe place.@realDonaldTrump You are the biggest snowflake. Get criticized: hold a rally with your sycophants. Need a presidential safe space, pumpkin?  Aaron Gouveia (@DaddyFiles) February 25, 2017Trump is Making America Embarrassed Again.@realDonaldTrump Maybe next time you should delete a tweet like this and just find someone to hug you instead. This is EMBARRASSING  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) February 25, 2017A reminder to the Whiner-in-Chief.@realDonaldTrump This is America. We don't have rallies for leaders we've elected. That's why we have elections.  Scott Monty (@ScottMonty) February 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump Lincoln won roughly 40% of the popular vote, but I don't recall him whining about the election. He had work to do.  Kevin M. Levin (@KevinLevin) February 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump if you're that desperate for a crowd, let me assure you the attendance at your impeachment hearings will be YUGE. pic.twitter.com/wvJc3Ex2CB   Warning: Not Kimmy (@EasyBakedOven) February 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump Openly trolling your supporters to conduct a rally on your behalf should probably be Webster's new definition of SAD.  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) February 25, 2017Size matters. Lol.@realDonaldTrump Your obsession with size is very telling.  Karen  ?? (@dvineabsrdities) February 25, 2017Trump had a plan to defeat ISIS but we re not sure what happened to that.@realDonaldTrump why not focus on your job, #BenedictTrump ? pic.twitter.com/U6aEccmpNg  DeMOMcrat (@tbbucsbabe) February 25, 2017Bernie Sanders weighed in.  They did. It wasn t. .@realDonaldTrump They did. It wasn't. pic.twitter.com/xqt29RJPEr  Bernie Sanders (@SenSanders) February 25, 2017Probably the only good thing about our newly minted alleged president using Twitter as his presidential podium is that we can call him out at every turn. Trump unleashes mean-girl tweets to distract the public from what s really going on. Many times he tweets our self-praise while patting himself on the back. In this case, he has to know that another rally won t make him look presidential but it s a great tool to distract us from what s taking place. The White House conveniently banned selective members of the press yesterday and that s because of the new reports on his ties to Russia.Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images.",0
2391, Fox’s Shep Smith Has Yet Another EPIC Anti-Trump Rant; Schools Him On ‘Fake News’ (VIDEO),"As Donald Trump has turned his presidency into an all out war against the mainstream media, the media is finding heroes in strange places   namely Fox News, without whose propaganda we likely would never had had even a candidate Trump let alone the new occupant of the White House.Last week, after Trump s disastrous press conference in which he attacked the media, and especially CNN, Fox s Shep Smith had an eight minute rant defending the media and calling out Trump for his lies. Listen to it if you haven t already. It s amazing.A week has passed and Trump hasn t let up on the media. On Friday, he went so far as to call the media the  enemy of the people,  and he vowed to do something about it.  That s beyond dangerous. It s dictator 101.Oh, but it got worse on Friday a lot worse. The White House, in an unprecedented move, banned several news outlets from the briefing room.Shortly after Mr Trump s speech on Friday, a number of selected media organisations were invited into Mr Spicer s office for an informal briefing, or  gaggle .Those allowed into the room included ABC, Fox News, Breitbart News, Reuters and the Washington Times.When asked why some were excluded, Mr Spicer said it was his decision to  expand the pool  of reporters.He also warned the White House was going to  aggressively push back  at  false narratives  in the news.Politico, Buzzfeed and the Daily Mail were also left out, but CNN was the only major US television network to be denied entry.Source: BBCSmith is not happy. He once again called out Trump and this time, told him exactly what  fake news  means.For the report,  fake news  refers to stories that are created by entities pretended to be news organizations and based on nothing of substance. Fake news is made up nonsense delivered for financial gain. CNN s reporting was not fake news. Its journalistics followed the same standards that other organizations, including Fox News, adhere. Senior administration officials regularly speak without attribution so that the public needs to be informed of what our government is doing off the record.Source: MediaiteHere s the video: Even other Fox personalities were upset with the ban:Some at CNN & NYT stood w/FOX News when the Obama admin attacked us & tried 2 exclude us-a WH gaggle should be open to all credentialed orgs https://t.co/8Vjcs0KCPR  Bret Baier (@BretBaier) February 24, 2017IF true that @SeanSpicer & #WH are banning certain disfavored news organizations All must refuse to play along. It s censorship. Who s next?  Geraldo Rivera (@GeraldoRivera) February 24, 2017The Rupert Murdoch owned Wall Street Journal even objected:WSJ says they would not have participated in gaggle had they known of the blocking of others and said they won t in future pic.twitter.com/Osef9I0XPx  Hadas Gold (@Hadas_Gold) February 24, 2017This ploy is sure to backfire on Trump. In just over 30 days, Trump has demonstrated that he s hiding a lot, beginning with his tax returns and his relationship with Russia. The media will win this war and Trump will go down hard, if not in handcuffs. Before that happens, though, we can t let Trump control the country s dialogue. That s what dictators do.Featured image via video screen capture.",0
2392," CNN Just Went After Trump For Banning Them, And It Was Pretty Damn Awesome (VIDEO)","Donald Trump and his team are desperate to cover up and stop the reporting of the FBI s investigations into Trump s Russia ties, and they just made a major mistake while trying to control the media.Earlier today during the annual Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC), Trump railed against the media in a bizarre rant. Just hours after Trump spoke, the White House decided to take this hostility one step further and banned certain media outlets that Trump had taken issue with from a press gaggle. There were several others such as The New York Times and BuzzFeed, but the most predictable network that was shunned was none other than CNN, who Trump has often referred to as  fake news. In response, CNN put out a public statement calling the Trump administration s behavior  unacceptable. And the network wasn t done. CNN s Jake Tapper weighed in on the White House s actions and tore into Trump. He said: This White House doesn t value an independent press. There s a word for that line of thinking: The word is un-American. You can watch Tapper s brilliant takedown of Trump below:Tapper couldn t have been more correct, and he s perfectly demonstrating how the media should be responding to Trump. Tapper didn t attempt to sugarcoat anything and brilliantly called Trump out for trying to run America like a dictatorship.Trump and his team have done everything they can to distract from their wrongdoings, and it s all coming to a head now. They are trying to discredit the country s free press and create distrust with American citizens so that Trump and his minions can continue to get away with their scandals. Americans need to stand by the media and continue to pay attention whenever Trump tried to pull a disgusting stunt like this one. It s really our only chance against such a dishonest administration.Featured image via screenshot and Pool / Getty Images",0
2393, WATCH: Sean Spicer In December STRONGLY Opposed Exactly What He Did Today,"In a shocking move, White House press secretary Sean Spicer banned major news organizations such The New York Times, CNN, BBC, LA Times, Politico and BuzzFeed from attending a press briefing. That move resulted in the Associated Press and Time magazine boycotting the briefing. In addition, the White House Correspondents Association also protested the move. Meanwhile, Spicer hand picked right-leaning outlets to attend the briefing. Breitbart.com, of course, was one of them.Politico senior writer and co-author of Playbook Jake Sherman recalled an interview in December with Spicer. Stick with me on this one,  Sherman tweeted.  We had @PressSec at a Playbook Live event in December where he addressed this issue directly. Here s what he said. Stick with me on this one. We had @PressSec at a Playbook Live event in December where he addressed this issue directly. Here s what he said  Jake Sherman (@JakeSherman) February 24, 2017This is what Spicer said during the interview,  We have a respect for the press when it comes to the govt. That is something you can t ban an entity from. Conservative liberal or otherwise. We have a respect for the press when it comes to the govt. That is something you can t ban an entity from. Conservative liberal or otherwise  Jake Sherman (@JakeSherman) February 24, 2017 This is @presssec in December but the real amazing quote is this:  That s what makes a democracy a democracy versus a dictatorship,  he tweeted, tagging Spicer.This is @presssec in December but the real amazing quote is this:  That s what makes a democracy a democracy versus a dictatorship  Jake Sherman (@JakeSherman) February 24, 2017Watch: To reiterate, Spicer called banning the media a dictatorship in December, then a couple of months later, he did just that. This move by the Trump administration is likely in retaliation to the damning report published yesterday stating that the FBI refused the White House s request to publicly knock down media reports regarding communications between Donald Trump s associates and Russians known to U.S. intelligence during the 2016 presidential campaign.Even weirder, Spicer had that conversation with a reporter from Politico, an established media source he has now just banned. Conservatives will suck the freedom out of you every single time.Image via screen capture",0
2394, White House Takes Its War On The Press To A TERRIFYING New Level (VIDEO),"Donald Trump and his team are no fans of the free press. They call any story that they dislike  fake news,  and Chief Strategist Steve Bannon has called the press the  opposition party.  Perhaps most disturbing of all is Trump himself calling the press an  enemy of the American people.  Well, it seems that the Trump White House s disdain for the free press has now been taken to a new and horrifying level.During Press Secretary Sean Spicer s daily press briefing, mainstream outlets were barred from the room in favor of Trump-friendly outlets such as Breitbart and the Washington Times. Further, rather than the traditional televised briefing, this was an informal gathering in Spicer s White House office instead, with no cameras allowed. Banished from the room were major, legitimate outlets such as CNN, The New York Times, the Los Angeles Times, Politico, and Buzzfeed. ABC, NBC, CBS and Fox were the only mainstream outlets in attendance, while the Associated Press and TIME boycotted the briefing in solidarity with their fellow reporters. The White House Correspondents  Association filed a formal complaint regarding what happened here.Via @saramurray: @nytimes, @latimes, @politico blocked with @cnn. @AP + @TIME boycotted. Allowed in: @BreitbartNews, @WashTimes + @OANN https://t.co/NF585wzLFM  Katie Hinman (@khinman) February 24, 2017Here is the complaint from the WHCA:Certain media outlets were blocked from covering Sean Spicer's gaggle today. Here is the @whca's response pic.twitter.com/YUeLS4ss0z  Jordan Fabian (@Jordanfabian) February 24, 2017CNN was first to respond:CNN was blocked from WH @PressSec's media gaggle today. This is our response: pic.twitter.com/8SfY2uYKEI  CNN Communications (@CNNPR) February 24, 2017Here is video of their reporters discussing it on the air:This is beyond dangerous. Banishing media outlets is about the most un-American attack on our democracy that we have ever seen. The first thing dictators do is try to control and shut down the free press. This a direct attack and assault on the Fourth Estate, and this administration is one that is more corrupt than that of Richard Nixon, with a president who routinely lies with impunity to the American public. If you want to save our republic, you ll speak out against this assault on the free press and on the First Amendment before it s too late.Investigative journalists   find some REAL dirt on this White House, and get rid of them once and for all.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
2395, Someone Posted A Photo Of Steve Bannon’s Giant Face Zit And The Internet Just Can’t Handle It (TWEETS),"You know, for being a member of the  master race,  President Steve Bannon sure fails to look the part. On Wednesday, Argentinian-American comedienne Tamara Yajia posted a photo of Steve Bannon that highlighted a rather glorious pustule on his face.  Yummy,  she wrote to accompany the horrifying image.Yummy pic.twitter.com/8r0aKIfhJW  Tamara Yajia (@DancesWithTamis) February 24, 2017Naturally, the internet gods accepted this offering gleefully and their servants amassed to join together in mockery of the white supremacist who is for some reason allowed to act as President while The Donald plays with his toys and tweets like a middle schooler.@DancesWithTamis that's the plastic bottle gin trying to escape his body  Lyle Clip Art (@Kyle_Lippert) February 24, 2017@DancesWithTamis @DanKCharnley That can't be unseen.  thatsmetrying (@CAcannotsleep) February 24, 2017@DancesWithTamis ""master race"" ??  Adam ??? (@fastjohnny) February 24, 2017@DancesWithTamis That is the most disgusting thing you have ever posted.  Dave Davington ? (@TenSpeedDave) February 24, 2017@DancesWithTamis Evil comes out of his pores as well as his mouth.  Juice (@juicesixtysix) February 24, 2017@DancesWithTamis he hasn't washed his face in 35 years and his skin is dying to escape his face.  Marjie Cunningham (@missmarjiec) February 24, 2017@DancesWithTamis Please don't tease that 60 year old alcoholic teenager about his acne. He's very sensitive.  Hootie the HOTY (@babygandolfini) February 24, 2017@DancesWithTamis Doesn't he look like he stinks? I bet he stinks.  Denise (@DDavis2) February 24, 2017@DancesWithTamis I would rather eat your thyroid than look at close-ups of Bannon's rosacea-infused facial hair.  Dean (@plugzero) February 24, 2017@DancesWithTamis @Anomaly100 Probably smells of Johnny Walker and stale farts  .@margaretcho  Donna DJD (@ddicorcia) February 24, 2017@DancesWithTamis @Anomaly100 My uterus just fell out.  CarmenBella 2.0?? (@LaLaBellaxo) February 24, 2017@DancesWithTamis mmmm skin tags, liver spots, rosacea, open sores. He's a real fucking delight this one is.  Arak (@rickydilly1949) February 24, 2017Apparently, not everyone was happy with the tweet   but Yajia was perfectly happy to tell them exactly where they can fuck which is off. The idiots who unfollowed me for posting a pic of Steve Bannon s pus zit will never know that I m about to masturbate to glory hole p*rn,  she wrote to the triggered little snowflakes who couldn t handle seeing Bannon s face besmirched.The idiots who unfollowed me for posting a pic of Steve Bannon's pus zit will never know that I'm about to masturbate to glory hole porn  Tamara Yajia (@DancesWithTamis) February 24, 2017Bannon describes himself as a  Leninist  who wants to  destroy the state  who wants to  bring everything crashing down, and destroy all of today s establishment.  More revently, he admitted that all of Trump s his cabinet picks were intended to destroy the institutions they were chosen to lead.In short, fuck him and the monster living on his face.Featured image via screengrab",0
2396, While Chanting ‘USA! USA! USA!’ CPAC Attendees Wave Russian Flags (TWEETS),"Attendees at the 2017 Conservative Political Action Conference were seen waving Russian flags with  Trump  stamped on them. Whether this was a trolling operation remains to be seen but the flag wavers were reportedly Trump supporters. It s a tough call with conservatives remaining unconcerned over Trump s ties to Russia, even though the alleged president is plagued with scandals.Reporter Peter Hamby shared the news on Twitter. Staffers at CPAC staffers rushed over to confiscate the flags.Crowd at CPAC waving these little pro-Trump flags that look exactly like the Russian flag. Staffers quickly come around to confiscate them. pic.twitter.com/YhPpkwFCNc  Peter Hamby (@PeterHamby) February 24, 2017When asked by a Twitter user if the flag wavers were protesters, Hamby said they were  unwitting college kids. No. Unwitting college kids. https://t.co/7iwxB66WA5  Peter Hamby (@PeterHamby) February 24, 2017On the air, MSNBC s Kasie Hunt said,  In the room there was back and forth about a section of the crowd that appeared to be waving Russian flags. I just want to clear that up. It seems that people who were waving them may have been unwitting. They appeared to be people who were celebrating president trump here,  she added.  They were participating in chants of  USA, USA . While chanting  USA! USA! USA!,  the Trump supporters literally waved Russian flags. That s totally not weird at all.Wait so some Trump supporters were waving RUSSIAN FLAGS while chanting  USA! USA!  at the CPAC Convention???? WTH??? ??  James Jackson (@mahantaji) February 24, 2017#CPAC crowd waving pro-Trump flags that look exactly like #Russia flag. You can t make this stuff up. pic.twitter.com/t2PZdOXvaf  Abraham White (@abwhite7) February 24, 2017This is not a joke: Trump s CPAC flags look EXACTLY like little Russian flags. ??Coincidence? pic.twitter.com/I2IapEEXej  Mikel Jollett (@Mikel_Jollett) February 24, 2017Putin s GOP at CPAC are now waving Russian flags with  TRUMP  printed on them. He s just rubbing our noses in it now, no pretence whatsoever pic.twitter.com/u3lMRP7Bf2  A Once Great Nation (@USARedOrchestra) February 24, 2017Trump fans at CPAC wave mini Russian flags during Trump s speechhttps://t.co/McoISQBogq pic.twitter.com/TyMd5QVAsf  Sky Palma (@DeadStateTweets) February 24, 2017Also seen, was an attendee wearing a  Make Russia Great Again  t-shirt.Spotted: A guy wearing a  Make Russia Great Again  t-shirt. #CPAC2017  Sarah Posner (@sarahposner) February 24, 2017Trump at CPAC  .America .America .then you see Russian flags all throughout the crowd??? Traitors!!! pic.twitter.com/sKDWql7pzb  Beckoh (@beckoh) February 24, 2017Trump s #CPAC Speech:An abject nightmare come-to-life where Americans proudly wave Russian flags pic.twitter.com/tlC4i8RcQt  LiNCOLN PARK (@linc0lnpark) February 24, 2017CPAC attendees waving little Trump Russian flags is the first honest thing I ve seen come out of #CPAC2017  LivingBlue (@LivingBlueinRed) February 24, 2017Those pro-Trump flags at CPAC look a lot like Russian tricolors. ? pic.twitter.com/IdBnxx2QbG  ian bremmer (@ianbremmer) February 24, 2017This is really bad timing for Trump. Explosive revelations were reported yesterday stating that the FBI refused the White House s request to publicly knock down media reports regarding communications between Trump s associates and Russians known to U.S. intelligence during the 2016 presidential campaign. That exact type of behavior led to Richard Nixon s resignation in 1974.Image via Twitter. ",0
2397, Ruth Bader Ginsburg Makes America A Promise And It Could Help Save Democracy,"Liberals love us some Ruth Bader Ginsberg, who has been carrying the Supreme Court s torch for sanity for about 25 years. She s also 83-years-old, which in this climate of Republican domination and with an administration that doesn t give a damn about the constraints of the Constitution, is a little bit worrisome. In an appearance at George Washington University in Washington, D.C., Ginsburg told the audience that she s got this. She s not going anywhere if she can help it. I will do this job as long as I can do it full steam,  Ginsburg, 83, said at an appearance Thursday night at George Washington University in Washington, D.C.  When I can t, that will be the time I will step down. In an interview on the BBC s  Newsnight  broadcast, Ginsburg noted that Justice John Paul Stevens was 90 when he retired and said:  So I have a way to go. Ginsburg held her tongue on Donald Trump after she was forced to apologize for remarks building up to the election, but she did say,  We are not experiencing the best times,  and noted that our political system is like a pendulum and it always swings back. She did allude to Trump s campaign slogan, though, when she said that  We are not as mindful of what makes America great. Source: NBCHere s the video:Ginsburg is the oldest justice on the court by over three years. Presumably, Donald Trump will fill the court s current vacancy, which occurred when  ber conservative Justice Antonin Scalia died in February of last year. Republicans refused to let President Obama fill the seat, but now that they control both houses of Congress and the Presidency, it s likely that Trump s nominee, Neil Gorsuch, will get through. Even with Ginsburg on the court, that would leave us with a 4 justice minority on a nine justice court.Liberals, for good reason, are feeling very protective toward the diminutive legal powerhouse. I m very interested in this.  says Jeanette Bavwidinski, a community organizer in Pennsylvania.  I m interested in what her daily regimen is. Like, what are you all feeding RBG? Is she getting enough fresh air? Is she walking? Is she staying low-stress? What is she reading? Is she reading low-stress things? Can she eat more kale?  asks Kim Landsbergen, a forest ecologist in Ohio.  Eat more kale, that s all I can say. We love you. Eat more kale. Source: Washington PostThe good news for us is that Ginsburg is taking her health quite seriously, possibly because she s already survived cancer twice. And she was back at work two weeks after surgery. Ginsburg works out. Every morning, she does a routine of planks and push-ups. That s not all. She has performed the Canadian Air Force workout and doesn t shy away from sports like waterskiing and horseback riding. Intellectually, she s still sharp as a tack.We ll certainly need Ginsburg to stick around for at least four more years and at the rate she s going, she probably will.Featured image via Allison Shelly/Getty Images.",0
2398, Trump Tweets His Dumbest Attack On FBI To Date And Promptly Gets Ripped APART By Twitter,"On Friday, Donald Trump got himself amped up for CPAC by complaining about  leaks,  much to the surprise of at least a couple Russian prostitutes and anyone who paid attention during his campaign. Interestingly, no longer is the information  FAKE NEWS    Trump, feeling the water level rising, now admits that  leaks  are happening in his sinking ship of the administration. And he wants them to stop. The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security  leakers  that have permeated our government for a long time,  Trump tweeted. They can t even find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security ""leakers"" that have permeated our government for a long time. They can't even  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 24, 2017find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 24, 2017Wow, Trump seems panicked for some reason. Could it be that his campaign had almost constant contact with members of the Russian government? Michael Flynn s discussion of sanctions with the Russian ambassador that the Trump administration lied about?  The fact that The Donald literally asked Vladimir Putin and his cronies to hack his political opponents and the Russian dictator obliged? Or is it that the FBI just told Trump to f*ck off when his team demanded that they make a public statement that would discredit any idea that he and his compatriots are lying traitors?Maybe all of the above   but whatever the reason, the folks on Twitter were there to mock him for his stupidity:@realDonaldTrump getting nervous, Donnie??  Mike Denison (@mikd33) February 24, 2017@JordanUhl @realDonaldTrump what's up with this video of him freaking when asked about Russian mobster Felix Sater? pic.twitter.com/CS2Rfot69Q  Justin Hendrix (@justinhendrix) February 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump Totally! Did you hear about this DNC leak over the summer!? You should look into that!  Evan Dashevsky (@haldash) February 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump Looks like someone is petrified of the public uncovering intel linking Russian penetration into Trump admin.  Ruwayda Mustafah (@RuwaydaMustafah) February 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump Sucks when the FBI rejects your illegal request to declare your innocence on this Russian disaster of yours. Huh?  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) February 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump insulting the FBI and suggesting an unknown danger to our Country (as you 1st did with your illegal ban) isn't leadership.  Benjamin Byron Davis (@Tooda) February 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump  BEFORE THEY PUT ME IN A JAIL. (You forgot to add that bit)  Emma Kennedy (@EmmaKennedy) February 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump Actually the FBI told the media that your team could be involved with Russia. So they are helping Americans unlike you.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) February 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump an odd coincidence that the only thing leaked of late can be devastating to you personally. As your employer, I'm concerned  Mark Collier (@sparkycollier) February 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump So you're admitting that the information being leaked is accurate? Interesting. Go on    Charles Gaba   (@charles_gaba) February 24, 2017FYI: If you're worried about leaks of classified info, you should here ? @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/4ai18qAmUJ  Caroline O. (@RVAwonk) February 24, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Fixed it for you. pic.twitter.com/Kc6ediacvN  diddly-squat (@diddlyskwat) February 24, 2017.@realDonaldTrump You'd love to operate in total darkness, wouldn't you? Second best: discredit the watchers. We're onto you.  Barbara Rogan (@RoganBarbara) February 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump The truth getting leaked all the time takes all the fun out of lying ?  FIND NOW!!  Protest Radio (@ProtestRadio) February 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump Nervous? Who's lying? Emoluments and treason. #Impeach #LockHimUp pic.twitter.com/wMezSlsr9o  Diane Toucan (@DianeToucan) February 24, 2017Things are not looking good for The Donald   now we just need to somehow convince Republicans to put country before party and investigate   then impeach   Cheetolini.Featured image via Getty Images(Pool)/screengrab",0
2399, Bradley Whitford Perfectly Articulates How We’re All Feeling About Trump’s Presidency; It’s AWESOME (VIDEO),"On Thursday night, actor Bradley Whitford, of Transparent and West Wing fame, stopped by the Late Show to speak with Stephen Colbert. It just so happens that Colbert had adorable adoptable puppies there on the set Thursday night as well, and Whitford brought one out with him for his interview.Whitford explained that the puppy, Tucker, was calming him down, and that the little animal was helping him deal with Donald Trump s presidency. Whitford said: I need a service dog, since the election. Colbert reminded Whitford that the actor had already been in full-blown  Trump panic  back in September, and then proceeded to ask him how he is now. Whitford said: This is calming me, but I do want to reiterate that our president was a birther, which is racist and un-American. And we have a white nationalist working in the White House, and they have conflated refugees with terrorism, and now they are picking on transgender people. It s not a joke, and it s very upsetting. Colbert went on to share some of Whitford s large number of political tweets, which are coming these days in a seemingly unending stream. His profile photo also shows him in a pink  pussy hat  from the historic Women s March.I am so happy that this man articulated what so many of us are feeling these days. I d like one of those puppies to get me through the next four years as well.Watch the video below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
2400, Man Screamed ‘Get Out Of My Country’ Before Shooting Two Immigrants In A Bar,"In yet another example of the rash of hate crimes that has accompanied Donald Trump s presidency, a 51-year-old man was arrested Thursday night after opening fire in a crowded bar. His reason? Some folks were a little too  dark  for his taste.Adam Purinton was arrested Thursday just after midnight at an Applebee s in Missouri after he bragged to a bartender that he had shot someone. He mentioned he had been involved in a shooting and we went out there and picked him up,  Assistant Clinton Police Chief Sonny Lynch said, explaining that the restaurant s bartender had contacted law enforcement. Earlier in the night, Purinton was drinking at Austin s Bar and Grill in Olathe, Kansas. According to a bartender he began using  racial sluts  before drawing his weapon and opening fire on Srinivas Kuchibhotla and Alok Madasanim, two regulars at the bar who work as engineers at GPS manufacturer Garmin as well as Ian Grillot, a random bar patron who heroically stepped in to help the men. From what I understand when he was throwing racial slurs at the two gentlemen (Kuchibhotla and Madasani), Ian (Grillot) stood up for them,  bartender Garret Bohnen says.  We re all proud of him.  According to other witnesses, Pruinton yelled  get out of my country  before opening fire. Grillot went above and beyond in defending the two victims of this vicious attack. The Independent reports: Grillot said in an interview from his hospital bed that when the shooting broke out, he hid until nine shots had been fired and he thought the suspect s gun magazine was empty. I got up and proceeded to chase him down, try to subdue him,  Grillot said in a video from the University of Kansas Health System posted on the Star website.  I got behind him and he turned around and fired a round at me. Grillot said that the bullet went through his hand and into his chest, just missing a major artery. It s not about where he (victim) was from or his ethnicity,  Grillot said.  We re all humans, so I just did what was right to do. Kuchibhotla died at an area hospital and Madasani and Grillot were taken in for treatment. They are in stable condition   unlike the man who committed this hate crime and his ideological clones. While it seems pretty clear that this is a hate crime, FBI special agent Eric Jackson explains that it s too early to make that determination. This was a violent crime and we want the best prosecution that relates to this because there are victims of this crime and we want the community to know that,  he says.  We re looking to make sure that the individual involved in this is held accountable for his actions. Unfortunately, we can expect to see more and more of this as Trump continues to amp up the anti-immigrant rhetoric. Recently, it was made public that The Donald intends to remove neo-Nazis and other white supremacists from the  Countering Violent Extremism program, which will focus solely on Muslims  not white almost certainly Christian terrorists like Purinton.This is one act of terrorism that Trump will not mention.Featured image via screengrab",0
2401," Trump Told FBI To Kill Stories About His Connections To Putin, They Said No","Quite a bit about the Trump presidency has been unprecedented   the amount of hate crimes in the country, the number of white supremacists in the White House, the level of corruption Speaking of corruption, reports are now surfacing that indicate Trump is extremely worried about the numerous investigations into The Donald and his team s connections to Russia.A White House official revealed Thursday that chief of staff Reince Priebus contacted a top FBI official to dispute reports that members of the administration and Trump s campaign staff were in frequent contact with Russian operatives during the election. WDSU reports:The official said Priebus  request came after the FBI told the White House it believed a New York Times report last week describing those contacts was not accurate. As of Thursday, the FBI had not stated that position publicly and there was no indication it planned to.The New York Times reported that U.S. agencies had intercepted phone calls last year between Russian intelligence officials and members of Trump s 2016 campaign team.Priebus  discussion with FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe sparked outrage among some Democrats, who said he was violating policies intended to limit communications between the law enforcement agency and the White House on pending investigations. The White House is simply not permitted to pressure the FBI to make public statements about a pending investigation of the president and his advisers,  Michigan Representative John Conyers, the top Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee, said of the news.A 2009 memo from then-AG Eric Holder makes it very clear that the Justice Department is only to advise the White House on ongoing investigations   when it is important for the performance of the president s duties and appropriate from a law enforcement perspective. The FBI has not made a public statement regarding Trump and his team s Russia connections, but Priebus says that the top levels of the intelligence community  have informed him that the allegations are  not only grossly overstated, but also wrong. We didn t try to knock the story down. We asked them to tell the truth,  White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said in response to reports   an admission that the Trump administration had violated the decade-old rule against such contacts.It is clear at this point that Trump and his friends are scared. Good.Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)",0
2402, Colbert Scorches Trump’s Anti-Trans Bigotry; It’s The Best Thing EVER (VIDEO),"During his campaign, Donald Trump promised that he was a friend of the LGBTQ community. Of course, after watching him stack his campaign and now his cabinet with virulently homophobic and transphobic figures, we all knew that was a steaming pile. Trump proved us all right on Wednesday, when it was revealed that he and his bigoted administration rolled back the protections for transgender school children that were put in place by the Obama Administration.President Obama was, of course, a fierce champion for LGBTQ equality, and he made sure that transgender people would be protected in public spaces. Of course, the bigots in the Trump Administration have no intention of doing anything but pandering to the Religious Right, and therefore will be doing all they can to assault this same community. Well, there s one late night host who has had enough of Trump s bigotry: Late Show host Stephen Colbert.On Thursday night s edition of the show, Colbert employed the use of animated bathroom signs to give Trump and his administration a literal middle finger when it comes to policing genitals and bathrooms. Of course, it will be a cold day in hell before Trump or anyone on his team would watch such a show, but it sure is nice to have people in prominent positions on the side of those who are arguably the most vulnerable people in our society right now: LGBTQ youth.Watch the amazing clip below, via the Late Show Twitter:The brave souls who point the way to our nation s bathrooms are not taking Trump s rollback of transgender rights lightly. #LSSC pic.twitter.com/gBYiBIoPxf  The Late Show (@colbertlateshow) February 24, 2017Featured image via Frederick M. Brown / Stringer/Getty Images",0
2403, Gabby Giffords Shames GOP Rep. For Using Her Shooting As An Excuse To Hide From Town Halls,"Republicans across the country have been doing all they can to avoid town hall meetings where angry constituents are waiting. But Rep. Louie Gohmert (R-TX) should win some type of award for his despicable excuse.Earlier this week, Gohmert claimed that he hadn t scheduled a town hall meeting to discuss important issues with the people he represents because with all the angry protesters around he s afraid of a shooting like the one that involved Congresswoman Gabby Giffords. But don t worry. This isn t because he s a coward. It s just that he wants to keep his constituents safe. Unfortunately, at this time there are groups from the more violent strains of the leftist ideology, some even being paid, who are preying on public town halls to wreak havoc and threaten public safety. Threats are nothing new to me and I have gotten my share as a felony judge. However, the House Sergeant at Arms advised us after former Congresswoman Gabby Giffords was shot at a public appearance, that civilian attendees at Congressional public events stand the most chance of being harmed or killed   just as happened there. In a scathing statement, Giffords slammed Gohmert for his cowardly comments and basically told him to grow a pair. She pointed out that her offices were open after her shooting. Giffords added that the representative who took her place during that difficult time also continued to hold town halls rather than hide from the people. Her statement ended by shaming Gohmert and telling him, point blank, to  have some courage. I was shot on a Saturday morning. By Monday morning my offices were open to the public. Ron Barber   at my side that Saturday, who was shot multiple times, then elected to Congress in my stead   held town halls. It s what the people deserve in a representative. In the past year, campaigning for gun safety, I have held over 50 public events. To the politicians who have abandoned their civic obligations, I say this: Have some courage. Face your constituents. Hold town halls. Giffords followed her statement up with a tweet that shared the same message.To the politicians who have abandoned their civic obligations, I say this: Have some courage. Face your constituents. Hold town halls.  Gabrielle Giffords (@GabbyGiffords) February 23, 2017It is also worth noting that Republicans aren t willing to pass legislation that might help control the massive gun problem clutching the United States. They d prefer to continue playing the puppet for the NRA and then hide from the people they re supposed to represent because they re scared that they might get shot. Unbelievable.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
2404, WATCH: Reince Priebus Subtly But Hilariously EMBARRASSES Steve Bannon Onstage,"One has to wonder how anybody, with or without working brain cells, could stand Steve Bannon. He s a complete ass, he s hateful, he s a white supremacist, he s overbearing, he s domineering, and he leads by fear instead of example. During CPAC, Bannon and Trump s chief of staff, Reince Priebus, were up on stage for a joint interview when Bannon appeared to grab Priebus  arm.What Priebus did, for all to see, should humiliate Bannon beyond reason. He literally slapped Bannon off of him, while turning to look at the interviewer to whom they were speaking. Watch it below:WEIRD! Anyone Catch Bannon Grabbing Priebus and then his reaction? pic.twitter.com/YVE22Mg8TO  Impeach Donald Trump (@Impeach_D_Trump) February 23, 2017That s a very clear,  Keep your hands off me, bub,  move by Priebus. Despite that, Priebus was trying to squelch rumors that there s a rivalry between the two of them, even though the media reports otherwise:[Priebus] said he and Bannon get along and work closely together    we share an office suite together, we re basically together form 6:30 in the morning until 11 o clock at night,  he said   and that the 2016 election showed the Republican Party and the conservative movement can be united.That move, though, on Priebus  part when Bannon touched him, suggests an already established pattern of dislike between them. That s just ouch.Featured image by Alex Wong via Getty Images",0
2405, Trump Just Got Called Out As ‘Threat To Democracy’ By Admiral Who Oversaw Killing Of Bin Laden,"Donald Trump just got his ass handed to him by the retired Admiral who oversaw the raid that finally took down Osama Bin Laden.Last week, Trump viciously accused the media of treason and called them the  enemy of the American people in a tweet that has since been condemned across the country.The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 17, 2017Well, one critic of Trump s tweet knows all about who our enemies really are and he called Trump out during remarks to a group of journalism students in Texas.Retired Admiral William McRaven is the Chancellor of the University of Texas System, but he is most notable for being the commander who oversaw the daring raid in Pakistan in which Osama Bin Laden was killed by SEAL Team Six ten years after Al-Qaeda terrorists perpetrated the 9/11 attacks.Six years later, Trump is referring to the press as the  enemy  while ISIS and other terrorist organizations are benefiting from his rhetoric.That doesn t sit well with McRaven, who called Trump s attack on the media  the greatest threat to democracy  on Tuesday. The president said the news media is the enemy of the American people,  McRaven said.  This sentiment may be the greatest threat to democracy in my lifetime.He then urged his audience to challenge Trump s statement. I will tell you as journalism majors, as Americans, you should challenge that sentiment and that statement every opportunity you can. We must challenge this statement, and this sentiment, that the news media is the enemy of the American people. By attacking the free press like he did, Trump is on the slippery slope toward arresting and jailing journalists for doing their jobs. Conservatives are praising Trump s assault on the media, but they would have cried bloody murder if President Obama has said the same about Fox News and right-wing media outlets. Trump and conservatives hate facts because facts weaken their arguments. Facts and evidence derail their agenda and they know it. That s why they are waging war on facts. Getting rid of facts makes it easier to fool the people and easier to force a destructive agenda upon them.As Admiral McRaven said, Trump is a  threat to democracy  and the media needs to continue revealing his incompetence and treachery to the American people. Because without a free press, our freedoms would be quickly taken from us a president who fancies himself a king.Featured image via Sean Rayford/Getty Images",0
2406," Spicer Confuses Marijuana With Opioids, Vows Feds Will Go After States With Legalized Weed (VIDEO)","White House press secretary Sean Spicer said on Thursday that the federal government could crack down on recreational marijuana use across the country, even in states that have legalized weed. This from the party of states  rights. Just yesterday, Spicer said that transgender students  rights are a states  rights issue. Coincidentally, the states that have legalized recreational marijuana use voted largely for Trump s rival, Hillary Clinton. Hmm Spicer just compared recreational marijuana to the opioid crisis after an Arkansas reporter asked whether alleged President Donald Trump was OK with the state s medical marijuana law, rules for which were recently approved by the state s Medical Marijuana Commission.Spicer said the Department of Justice will be  taking action  against states that have legalized recreational marijuana.Spicer: DOJ will be  taking action  against states that have legalized recreational marijuana.  Radley Balko (@radleybalko) February 23, 2017Then this happened:Spicer said Trump approves of medical marijuana use   which could help provide relief to the chronically ill   as opposed to recreational use, which Spicer suggested was tied to the opioid crisis many states are currently facing.Watch:  There is still a federal law that we need to abide by   when it comes to recreational marijuana and other drugs of that nature,  Spicer said.This is going down really well on Twitter.So let s break down @seanspicer today: He says states should have the right to decide trans bathroom use, but not recreational pot use? pic.twitter.com/q1mxLMWSf6  Emily C. Singer (@CahnEmily) February 23, 2017@FatChickinLA @radleybalko I know several Trump supporters who also happen to be potheads. Wonder how his supporters who smoke will cope.  Nora (@Puzycat69) February 23, 2017@radleybalko @peterfeld but, what about state rights? He just said state rights!  Alexandra Halaby (@iskandrah) February 23, 201771% of Americans don t want a crackdown on state marijuana laws. So what will the Trump admin do? Crack down on  em! https://t.co/aB9WB4QmZy https://t.co/9yNJb2uILn  Emily C. Singer (@CahnEmily) February 23, 2017According to 300 economists, including three Nobel laureates, if the government legalized marijuana it would save $7.7 billion annually. Let s look at Washington state where it garnered more than $250 million in marijuana sales in 2015. About $62 million of that constitutes marijuana excise taxes.Donald Trump did well in areas where many opiate overdoses and deaths occurred. The opioid crisis is real and deadly. That needs to be addressed so naturally, Republicans want to gut Obamacare, the health care law which has helped addicts get direly needed treatment. And Sean, marijuana is not an opioid, ya  big dummy. Chemical Dependency is called a disease because it s progressive, chronic and fatal. Marijuana is none of those things.Try not to take everyone s fun away, k?",0
2407, Top Conservative Tries To Define ‘Alt-Right’ And Gets It INSANELY Wrong,"One of the problems that Republicans have is what to do about the white nationalists that are taking over the conservative movement, including the KKK and the Neo-Nazis that have come out of the woodwork since Trump began his run for the White House. Some of them are just trying to ignore it, and some are trying to claim that these groups aren t all that bad when you consider that Democrats were once the party of slavery (today s Republicans are those Democrats, actually), so they re the true racists here.And then you have idiots like the executive director of the American Conservative Union, Dan Schneider, who says that the so-called  alt-right  is really the fascist left.Speaking at CPAC, he told an audience full of conservatives: There is a sinister organization that is trying to worm its way into our ranks and we must not be duped. Just a few years ago, this hate-filled left-wing fascist group hijacked the very term  alt-right.  That term has been used for a long time in a very good and normal way. He s right, it s a  sinister organization trying to worm its way into  their ranks. But it s really a fascist left wing movement?Well, let s look at this. The  alt-right  has always been a conservative movement. It was actually conservative opposition to George W. Bush over his foreign policy. These were people who believed that W. was a liberal in conservatives  clothing who had betrayed them with his policies.They originally had some of everything   Reagan Republicans, anti-immigration hawks, libertarians, and even monarchists, and yes, white nationalists. But it wasn t like the left saw an opening, or saw cracks in the movement, and took advantage of them. It was Richard Spencer himself who, during his evolution from a conservative into one of the worst white supremacists we ve got, ultimately hijacked the term and turned it into an anti-Semitic, white nationalist movement.But since this movement now has the door it needs to shove itself into the mainstream via President Asterisk, increasing numbers of Republicans are trying to find ways to distance themselves from that kind of hate. At the same time, some obviously see an opportunity to use it to demonize the left, which riles up a different kind of hate.Schneider also said: They are anti-Semites. They are racist. They are sexist. They hate the Constitution. They hate free markets. They hate pluralism. They hate everything and despite everything we believe in. All of that is true, but they grew out of the conservative right. Not the left, but maybe he s another one of the many ignorant conservatives who believe that today s Democrats are the Democrats who fought for slavery.When you have an entire movement willing to tolerate people like Steve Bannon, Milo Yiannopoulos, Steve Miller and even Trump himself, shucking responsibility for that movement is antithetical to the conservative idea of  personal responsibility.  The GOP needs to look in a mirror if they want to find an answer to the so-called  alt-right. Featured image by Kirk Irwin via Getty Images for SiriusXM",0
2408, Trump Quickly Backtracks After Threatening To Deploy Troops On U.S. Soil (VIDEO),"On Thursday, Donald Trump said something terrifying   those mass deportations? They re a  military operation. We re getting really bad dudes out of this country, and at a rate that nobody s ever seen before,  Trump said of the  deportation force  that is currently roaming the country and pulling undocumented immigrants with brain tumors out of hospitals and domestic violence victims out of courtrooms.  And they re the bad ones. And it s a military operation. You see what s happening at the border. All of a sudden for the first time, we re getting gang members out,  Trump added.  We re getting drug lords out. Naturally, the idea of any kind of  military operation  on U.S. soil doesn t play well with voters   even if it does help protect us from cancer patients and  bad dudes  who might need protection from the men who beat them.@thehill so let's be clear: the 5000 border patrol he wants to hire are for a ""military operation"" against America on our own territory? yep  Shockratees (@ThatShockratees) February 23, 2017Deportation is a ""Military Operation?"" Did Trump just create his own Gestapo? #Trumpstapo https://t.co/21IpHtKmuz  Tea Pain (@TeaPainUSA) February 23, 2017@LawyerRogelio So is that a declaration of war on the people in America? Sounds damn close to one.  A#Resistance_Dog (@elynn_prehn) February 23, 2017 @LawyerRogelio if ""it's a military operation"" as POTUS says it is, it is illegal. Military has no police function here.  barry levine (@lowki) February 23, 2017@thehill Another step closer to a dictatorship.  Jack Hand (@JackHand11) February 23, 2017@CBSNews @realDonaldTrump It has shades of 1930's Germany Heir Trump  Doug (@wisemagic777) February 23, 2017@CBSNews @CBSLAIs this a violation of the Posse Comitatus Act? Or maybe did I miss the declaration of martial law?  Odd Year Bob (@Sonova_Beachbum) February 23, 2017@CBSNews Then just make sure they have their Brown Shirts on  Joan McGinnis (@JoanPennnative) February 23, 2017Not to worry, though! White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer quickly stepped in to take charge and explain away the President* s statement:: he was just using adjectives. The president was using that as an adjective. It is happening with precision,  Spicer said.   The president was clearly describing the manner in which this is being done. Right. With the military. Because that s what  military operation  means.Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly later clarified that troops would not be deployed to enforce immigration laws, thus giving us one more day without Trump deploying troops on American soil.Watch it for yourself below:Featured image via screengrab",0
2409, Ruth Bader Ginsburg Rebukes Trump In Defense Of The Free Press,"One of the most revered Supreme Court Justices in American history just hammered Donald Trump for attacking the free press without even mentioning his name.Last week, Trump accused the media of treason by calling them the  enemy of the American people. The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 17, 2017His tweet drew widespread condemnation, but that didn t stop him from continuing the attack in other tweets in which he repeatedly referred to the media as  fake news  for doing accurately reporting on him and his chaotic administration.Don t believe the main stream (fake news) media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 18, 2017Give the public a break   The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 20, 2017Trump s assault on the free press is an assault on the Constitution. Trump apparently lied when he swore to defend it during his inauguration ceremony.But Ruth Bader Ginsberg has been defending the Constitution her whole life and she has spent the last 24 years doing so from the Supreme Court bench.During an interview with the BBC, Ginsberg stood up to Trump without mentioning him by name and defended the free press while explaining why the American people need a free press. I read the Washington Post and the New York Times every day, and I think that the reporters are trying to tell the public the truth,  she said, clearly rebuking Trump s claim that the media is lying about him.Then she pointed out that the free press was instrumental in busting the Watergate scandal wide open, which resulted in Nixon s resignation. Think of what the press has done in the United States,  Ginsberg said.  That story might never have come out if we didn t have the free press that we do. Indeed, if Trump had his way the press would act as his own propaganda machine. The press would only tell the American people what he wants them to tell them. America would be like Russia or North Korea, where the press is under the control of dictators.And that s why the free press should be defended more than ever against Trump and his authoritarian agenda.The American people need a free press that will hold Trump accountable, not one that serves as his cheerleading squad.Featured image via Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images",0
2410, Trump Kills MASSIVE Infrastructure Project That Would Have Created Thousands Of Jobs,"The project was set to begin on March 1st and would have brought environmentally friendly high speed rail to California.But that project is in serious jeopardy after Donald Trump s Transportation minion Elaine Chao, who also happens to be Mitch McConnell s wife, ordered an audit of the $647 million grant awarded to CalTrain to help cover the costs.Despite promising to support infrastructure programs and create more jobs in America, Trump has apparently decided to break that promise in the name of petty partisan politics.Trump has threatened California in recent weeks with funding cuts because U.C. Berkeley canceled a Milo Yiannopoulos speech. Yiannopoulos is a Trump supporter and was recently exposed as an advocate of pedophilia.Trump also threatened to defund California in retaliation of the state continuing to offer sanctuary to immigrants.  If we have to, we ll defund,  Trump said.  We give tremendous amounts of money to California. If they re going to have sanctuary cities we may have to do that   certainly that would be a weapon. And Trump apparently pulled the trigger of that  weapon  on Friday by pulling the plug on the high speed rail project.The project would have converted the rail system running between San Jose and San San Francisco to run on electricity, which would have helped fight climate change. It also would have created nearly 10,000 new jobs. It would also have increased the number of people who use the system and would have cut operation costs.Trump made the decision after 14 California Republicans sent him a letter asking him to kill the project. That s only 14 out of a delegation of 55, 40 of whom are Democrats. That means Trump willfully sided with the minority party in California on this project.Here are the names of the Republicans the people of California can blame for losing out on this major infrastructure project. They are each up for re-election in 2018.Dana Rohrabacher Darrell Issa David G. Valadao Devin Nunes Doug LaMalfa Duncan Hunter Edward Royce Jeff Denham Ken Calvert Kevin McCarthy Mimi Walters Paul Cook Stephen Knight Tom McClintockAn audit of the project would certainly be a partisan witch hunt that would take months to complete, thus killing a project that California needs and wants.It would help fight climate change, create thousands of jobs, and start America on the path to catching up with the rest of the world when it comes to bullet train transportation. This project shouldn t be canceled, it should be demanded across the country.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
2411, Former Trump Aides Admit They HAVE To Treat Trump Like A Man Baby And Control His Media Habits,"As more and more leaks get out, it s obvious that Donald Trump is not just a dictator, he s so insecure that aides have to hand him daily pacifiers in the form of fake and flattering news stories to keep the man baby from having even more Twitter meltdowns.The key to keeping Trump s Twitter habit under control, according to six former campaign officials, is to ensure that his personal media consumption includes a steady stream of praise. And when no such praise was to be found, staff would turn to friendly outlets to drum some up   and make sure it made its way to Trump s desk. If candidate Trump was upset about unfair coverage, it was productive to show him that he was getting fair coverage from outlets that were persuadable,  said former communications director Sam Nunberg.  The same media that our base digests and prefers is going to be the base for his support. I would assume the president would like to see positive and preferential treatment from those outlets and that would help the operation overall. Source: PoliticoApparently Trump s constant accusations of  fake news  has some legitimacy, but not how Trump or his supporters would like.Trump is quite selective about where he gets his news. He does read print, like the New York Times, but he also watches a lot   a lot   of Fox News. Remember when Trump touted a terrorist attack in Sweden that never happened? That allegedly came straight from Fox News.My statement as to what s happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants & Sweden.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 19, 2017It was a fake story. We can t say whether it was planted by Trump s aides, but it might as well have been for all the anti-immigrant political fodder it provided.The ramifications of a president who has to be sheltered from the real news are chilling. As the administration rolls on, Trump will continue to make adversaries around the world and in the media. Trump s unfiltered Twitter habit is potentially a national security issue. His aides obviously see this, but a president who is completely out of touch with reality, and is only willing to acknowledge fawning praise is equally dangerous.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
2412," WATCH: Conservatives Don’t Punch Nazis, They Give Them Credentials To Attend CPAC","If there is one political ideology that every American should despise, it s Nazism. But conservatives don t seem to mind it one bit.On inauguration day last month, Nazi Richard Spencer got punched in the face by a protester during an interview.Spencer, along with others of his ilk, support Donald Trump and hail his presidency as a new era of white nationalism where fascism and racism flourish.It s no secret, of course. Conservatives have been moving further to the extreme right for decades and the end of that side of the political spectrum is Nazism.Rather than run away from Nazism and people like Spencer who advocate in favor of it, conservatives decided to give Spencer credentials to attend their annual CPAC conference.Spencer attended on Thursday, and he had a lot to say to reporters as supporters flocked to him like moths to a flame.When asked how he feels about being at CPAC, Spencer said he  feels welcome. Richard Spencer, at CPAC:  I feel very welcome here. Nobody s punching me yet.  Travis Waldron (@Travis_Waldron) February 23, 2017Spencer then praised Donald Trump for being a supporter of white nationalist causes.Richard Spencer tells reporters at @CPAC he thinks Trump represents the alt-right more than conservatives #CPAC2017 pic.twitter.com/b5dEtXVmKy  Kira Lerner (@kira_lerner) February 23, 2017CPAC organizer Matt Schlapp apparently had no problem with Spencer attending the conference despite claiming to disagree with him.Just talked to CPAC organizer Matt Schlapp. Said he didn t endorse Richard Spencer s ideas but won t kick him out of the conference.  fake Matt Pearce (@mattdpearce) February 23, 2017But then it appears someone felt that Spencer was getting too much adulation at CPAC so they had him escorted out by security.Here s the video via YouTube.Richard Spencer should never have been approved to get credentials to CPAC in the first place, especially if conservatives really don t agree with Nazism.But the fact that Spencer was allowed to attend makes it pretty clear that conservatives are more okay with Nazis than they would like us to believe. And that s an insult to the millions of Americans who fought to stop the Nazis and their evil agenda during World War II.Featured image via YouTube",0
2413, Ivanka Trump Tweeted About Religious Tolerance And Got Her Hypocritical A** Handed To Her,"If Ivanka Trump really believes in religious tolerance she should tell her dad instead of the Twitterverse.Throughout his campaign, Donald Trump repeatedly attacked Muslims in this country, and his immigration ban targets Muslims from 7 countries just because they happen to practice Islam.Furthermore, Trump has wide support from white nationalists, who also tend to be anti-Semitic. Even Trump s top adviser Steve Bannon has been accused of being anti-Semitic. Hate crimes against Jews are on the rise, yet Trump can barely bring himself to condemn anti-Semitism.So Trump has been unsympathetic to Jews and Muslims alike, all while giving special treatment to conservative Christians.And that s precisely why his daughter Ivanka got her ass handed to her after she tweeted her support of religious tolerance on Monday.America is a nation built on the principle of religious tolerance. We must protect our houses of worship & religious centers. #JCC  Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) February 20, 2017Indeed, religious tolerance is a cornerstone of the foundation of America. The question is, does she believe that applies to ALL religions? If so, she should send a memo to her dad and tell him to stop attacking Muslims and condemn his anti-Semitic supporters and stop turning conservative  Christian  hatred into policy.@IvankaTrump I wish there was someone else in your family who could get this message to a wider audience.  Joe Berkowitz (@JoeBerkowitz) February 21, 2017@IvankaTrump pic.twitter.com/UzHQBIogTo  Andi Zeisler (@andizeisler) February 21, 2017@IvankaTrump you know what would be a great way of doing that? Have your dad to tell all his nazi/klan supporters to eff off.  Alex Leo (@AlexMLeo) February 21, 2017@IvankaTrump like white supremacist terrorists massacring houses of worship in Oak Creek & Charleston, which your father never condemned?  Anil Dash (@anildash) February 21, 2017.@IvankaTrump Hey real quick, since your dad and his friends won t say it, remind me what the  J  in #JCC stands for? pic.twitter.com/kvaDN1ZKql  Nick Amadeus (@NickAmadeus) February 21, 2017@IvankaTrump You are morally bankrupt and will not only find yourself on the wrong side of retailers, but on the wrong side of history.  Stephen Falk (@stephenfalk) February 21, 2017@IvankaTrump Please talk to your father then. If you want to stop being reviled, you can actually do some good.  Caroline Leavitt (@Leavittnovelist) February 21, 2017@IvankaTrump pic.twitter.com/2s6Uoz1QSf  Alafair Burke (@alafairburke) February 21, 2017.@IvankaTrump it would be super super cool if you would lecture your dad on this subject. but let s be real, this tweet is to save face.  Victor Huckabee (@popesaintvictor) February 21, 2017.@IvankaTrump Seriously #Ivanka? Are you so tone-deaf, or drowning in hubris, that u don t realize how disingenuous & ironic this tweet is?  Andy Ostroy (@AndyOstroy) February 21, 2017@IvankaTrump you have your father muted on Twitter, don t you?  Cher (@thecherness) February 21, 2017Featured image via Mark Makela/Getty Images",0
2414, Angry Constituents Shame Republican By Turning Their Backs On Him During Town Hall,"Republicans should be ashamed of themselves and that s the exact message one GOP lawmaker clearly received during a town hall in Louisiana.On Wednesday, Senator Bill Cassidy insulted his constituents by arriving half an hour late to his own town hall. That gave voters extra time to get angrier.When he finally arrived, Cassidy tried to deliver a PowerPoint presentation about the supposed Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act, a plan that pretty much boils down to if you get sick and you can t afford health care you die.But once he entered the door, a woman made sure Cassidy knew about a kid who was uninsurable.Woman tells  this child is uninsurable,  pointing to child standing next to her, as @BillCassidy walks in. pic.twitter.com/pCP83E9Qbw  Caitlin Owens (@caitlinnowens) February 22, 2017Then they started chanted in favor of the Affordable Care Act.Now people are holding up signs to @BillCassidy saying  you re dodging the question,  some chanting  ACA  Caitlin Owens (@caitlinnowens) February 22, 2017As it turns out, most Americans support the Affordable Care Act. Over 30 million Americans have been able to get insurance because of the law. By repealing it, Republicans are handing down a death sentence to millions of people, many of whom are their own voters. Americans would also face financial ruin because of the repeal.Cassidy s constituents were not interested in hearing about a useless Republican plan so they shamed him by turning their backs on him during the presentation, which forced him to take questions instead.Constituents turn their back on @BillCassidy as he goes through a PowerPoint of his Obamacare replacement. One woman:  this is hypothetical  pic.twitter.com/bTVPj0t6iR  Caitlin Owens (@caitlinnowens) February 22, 2017The crowd demanded that Cassidy answer their questions and when it became clear that he s nothing but a coward who doesn t care about the health of Americans, one constituent warned him that he won t have a job after 2020.Chants of  yes or no  following this question, guy walks out yelling  2020, you re done  at @BillCassidy townhall pic.twitter.com/oLKbGuNGZn  Caitlin Owens (@caitlinnowens) February 22, 2017Cassidy s constituents also grilled him on Russia and Betsy DeVos and when the town hall ended, Cassidy was run out of the building with chants of  Do your job! Townhall ends, @BillCassidy says, and crowd starts chanting  do your job  pic.twitter.com/5RtVwvwCNo  Caitlin Owens (@caitlinnowens) February 22, 2017Here s the full town hall via YouTube.Republicans are not repealing the Affordable Care Act because they care about our healthcare. They only care about tearing down the legacy of America s first black president, a president who did something for the American people that Republicans refused to do even though many parts of the law were their ideas.Featured image via screenshot",0
2415," DISTURBING Footage Between Trump And Melania Revealed, Twitter ERUPTS (VIDEO/TWEETS)","If you ve ever watched Donald Trump and his wife Melania interact with each other, it s obvious that there s something strange about their relationship. As the undeserving POTUS and First Lady are now being recorded in the public eye more than ever before, their marriage has come under scrutiny and people are legitimately worried for Melania s wellbeing and safety.One recent moment of concern was captured on Saturday, when Melania gave the invocation before Trump s re-election rally in Florida. Melania began to recite the Lord s Prayer, but her body language completely changed as Trump approached her and touched her. Cosmopolitan.com scribe Madison Feller described the event like this: (Y)ou can see that before Melania began the Lord s Prayer, President Trump came over and touched her on the arm. As he does so, Melania seems to flinch and look away before saying  thank you  and moving on   around the 11 second mark in the video below. .@FLOTUS opens her remarks with the Lord s Prayer. pic.twitter.com/z0Vk6znjL8  Fox News (@FoxNews) February 18, 2017In the footage above, it s noticeable that as soon as Trump s hand touches Melania s arm, her face jerks to the left and she looks as if she might be flinching. Here s that moment again:This footage, combined with another infamous video of Melania at Trump s inauguration, certainly raises questions about how Trump is treating her. At the inauguration, Melania was shown smiling as Trump turns around to face her. He says something to her, and her smile quickly turns into a scowl:This is not the face of a happy woman. I really feel bad for this woman..i can only imagine what personal hell  https://t.co/kNkmoA5iqW  ?Nasty Kim Zang ? (@Purrrnella59) February 20, 2017Many people noticed that Melania flinched at Saturday s rally, and have expressed concern for the FLOTUS:The flinch at 14 seconds is mesmerizing. https://t.co/RNeaF0wB4T  James Brennan (@Denver_Brennan) February 21, 2017 Given Trump s long history of being a misogynist, it wouldn t be a long shot to say Melania might be in an abusive marriage with him.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
2416, Trump Is ACTIVELY Working To RIP Families Away From Military Members,"A letter to the editor appeared in The New York Times yesterday about how devastating Trump s immigration policy is. It s not only going to destroy immigrant families and further harm our deteriorating relationship with Mexico; it s also going to rip apart military families. The families that keep our soldiers grounded when they re overseas in combat zones. And Trump doesn t care.David Kubat, a member of the Minnesota National Guard and also an immigration lawyer, wrote the short letter, where he said: I have personally experienced the hardship of deployments to combat zones, and know the incredible importance of family stability during that trying time. This week, this administration rescinded the Parole in Place program, harming thousands of military families across the country. This is another example of the careless excess of the administration s immigration policy. Parole in Place protects military spouses, parents and children from deportation and was put in place by President Obama. It gives servicemembers peace of mind that their families will still be here when they get home. Now they don t have that because to Trump, it seems that soldiers should have to suffer if they were dumb enough to be involved with someone who could be subject to deportation.The GOP is supposed to be the family values party, and they love claiming that they re the only party that cares about the military. It s not bad enough that they say that and then turn around and cut funding for the VA and other helpful programs. Now their standard-bearer, their leader, is actively working to destroy the very thing that keeps our military grounded.Kubat went on to say: It is unconscionable to reverse a policy that strengthens our military and our veterans. That the program was not even named in the memo demonstrates either a lack of awareness, or worse, a casual disregard of the effect that this will have on those most vulnerable members of our military. Nice job, Republicans, for allowing this shitshow to make it all the way to the White House. When we start seeing a spike in severe mental problems in our fighting men and women, we ll know exactly where to point the finger.Kubat s full letter is below:Now #Trump can deport spouses & families of US military personnel. Letter: https://t.co/F6oaGYdW3D h/t @NinaBernstein1 pic.twitter.com/pCyc9Vg7DD  David Beard (@dabeard) February 23, 2017Featured image by Olivier Douliery via Getty Images",0
2417, Angry Constituents HILARIOUSLY Shame Their GOP Reps For Being Too Cowardly To Face Them (IMAGES),"There are a lot of Republican members of Congress who can t stand even the prospect of having their town halls disrupted by protesters, even if those protesters are their own constituents. Some think that the disruption prevents meaningful dialogue with their real constituents, while others probably buy into Trump s narrative that the protesters are paid liberal activists.And some are just avoiding their constituents entirely, fearfully hiding behind telephones or just refusing to meet with them at all. And constituents have begun fighting back.In Pennsylvania, where Sen. Pat Toomey refused to meet with people opposed to repealing the Affordable Care Act. They had a meeting anyway and had an empty suit up on stage representing Toomey:No Toomey, no problem for Obamacare rally in Allentown, report says https://t.co/S7h2i6nVFo pic.twitter.com/zvTr2w86P1  lehighvalleylive.com (@lehighvalley) February 22, 2017Some have begun putting their senators  and representatives  faces on milk cartons, a la missing persons notices. These are framed like missing persons notices, too. One was posted to Twitter by an account calling itself Where Is Paul Cook, and their tweet has pictures of half-gallon milk jugs with Cook s photo on it and a big  MISSING  label across the top.Reports of these milk jugs spotted in local stores all over the 8th district #WhereIsPaulCook @RepPaulCook @VVDailyPress pic.twitter.com/RsVLAgCw9n  Where Is Paul Cook (@WhereIsPaulCook) February 20, 2017Two others are missing persons ads in local papers, one for Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida, and another for Sen. Richard Burr of North Carolina. Both start with  LOST   United States Senator.  Both have nearly identical wording despite being in two completely different papers. The ad for Rubio is below:@IndivisibleTeam look at what appeared in the Palm Beach Post today. pic.twitter.com/r8VPpNzmnV  Kira (@KiraCA76) February 22, 2017Then there s a group in New York State that s been taking out ads on billboards asking where Rep. Chris Collins is. He was the first member of Congress to endorse Donald Trump for President, and so of course Trump has been trying to butter him up since then. But Collins, like all the others, has been missing from town halls.This billboard just went up in Rep Chris Collins home district in Western New York. #NY27 pic.twitter.com/8OInIEVJan  Jill a-go-go (@jillagogo) February 14, 2017In some places, where people want to prove that they re not part of these alleged  paid  liberal activist groups trying to stop meaningful dialogue, they ve resorted to things like holding up their drivers  licenses at meetings to show that they really are upset constituents:Everyone holding up their CO driver s license to prove that it s all Coloradans wanting to talk with @SenCoryGardner ? pic.twitter.com/hIySskpeZA  IndivisibleNOCO (@IndivisibleNOCO) February 22, 2017It s sad when constituents are reduced to things like this simply because their reps don t want to hear what they have to say, or know and understand that they re angry. Our Senators and Representatives in Congress are supposed to represent us, not the rich, not the corporations, us. It seems there are an awful lot of people who are legitimately trying to wrest that power back.Featured image via screen capture from embedded tweet",0
2418, Elderly Voter SHAMES Tom Cotton For Trying To Take Away Her Dying Husband’s Healthcare (VIDEO),"Vile GOP Senator Tom Cotton made the mistake of facing his constituents on Wednesday, and things could not possibly have gone worse for him   especially after one elderly woman whose healthcare he was trying to take away got ahold of him. We re doing Medicare my way, not your way. My way,  the woman told Cotton, who was one of the Republican Senators who sent a letter vowing to undo Obama s Iran deal.  I ve got a husband dying and we can t afford   let me tell you something, if you can get us better coverage than this go for it.  She then lays out the cost of her and her husband s current care: $29 for him and $39 for her   rates that no GOP plan (they still have not presented an actual plan) could beat. I have sent you one message after the other, sir, about our family,  she told her Senator, chiding him for responding to her concerns with the same form letter every single time.  I live just down the road a few places from your office, and I have invited you into our home, and not a word, except a classic, regular letter sent. Other attendees hammered Cotton for not taking a tougher stance on Russia and voiced a number of legitimate concerns. While the response to Cotton s presence was largely negative, one woman told him that she thinks the majority in Arkansas support him. She was met with a chorus of boos from the audience   because no one likes Tom Cotton.Watch our heroine wreck Cotton s week below:Voter to @SenTomCotton: My husband is dying. We can't afford health insurance. What kind of insurance do you have? https://t.co/iYFiZtwJ1F  CNN (@CNN) February 22, 2017Featured image via screengrab",0
2419, GOP Rep. Says People Could Use Bales Of Marijuana To Smuggle Nukes Into The Country (VIDEO),"Republicans have been coming up with some pretty ridiculous reasons for why they think we need to ban Muslims and build that stupid wall. Donald Trump and his administration have taken to making up fake terrorist attacks, which is sad enough. But now, we apparently have to worry about people smuggling nuclear weapons into our country   hidden inside bales of marijuana, no less.Rep. Trent Franks did an interview with CNN on Wednesday and was trying to explain why we need Trump s border wall. Sadly, he was being completely serious when he made this ridiculous assertion. We sometimes used to make the point that if someone wanted to smuggle a dangerous weapon into America, even a nuclear weapon, how would they do it?  he said.  The suggestion is, maybe we ll hide it in a bale of marijuana. There are national security implications here for a porous border. As a group of nations, we need to understand that America is the world s flagship of freedom. If we don t have a secure border, that hurts everyone in the long run. As absurd as this idea is, this isn t the first time it has been suggested that someone could sneak in a nuclear weapon by stuffing it inside bales of pot. Earlier this month, Rep. Brad Sherman made the comment that  missile defense is OK politically, but remember you can smuggle a nuclear weapon inside a bale of marijuana. As David Kay of the International Atomic Energy Agency explains, the scenario might not be as ridiculous as it sounds on the surface. I ve often said, my preferred method for delivering a nuclear device is, I would hide it in a bale of marijuana, contract it out to the drug lords and move it,  he said. Marijuana is a good shielder actually for radiation. The drug lords have a superb record for delivery. They re not Fed Ex, but they re awfully close to it. And contract it out and get it across the border. Even Frank Ciluffo, the director of George Washington University s Homeland Security Policy Institute, floated the idea back in 2014. If you want to smuggle in a tactical nuclear weapon, just put it in a bale of marijuana,  Ciluffo said.  Because we re not doing that well in terms of some of our drug enforcement. Luckily, we won t have to worry about any of this because Trump is going to build his massive wall and no bad people will ever be able to get into our country again!You can watch Frank s CNN interview, here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
2420, Kansas Tea Party Governor Gets His A** Handed To Him As Republicans Vote To Reverse Disastrous Tax Cuts,"It s about time Kansas Republicans saw the light and told Governor Sam Brownback to go f*ck himself.Kansas has been taking a beating because of Brownback s trickle-down economics policy of slashing taxes. And Republicans in the state have finally done something about it.In 2012, Brownback convinced the Republican-controlled state House and Senate to pass massive tax cuts for businesses and wealthy individuals. For the first time, conservatives employed their trickle-down policy over an entire state. And the experiment turned out to be an immediate disaster that has destroyed the state financially to the point where little revenue was coming in, creating an unsustainable budget shortfall of hundreds of millions of dollars that was only going to get worse.Republicans desperately tried to plug the budget hole by cutting education and other programs, which caused a lot of Kansans to suffer. Basically, Republicans refused to admit that their tax policies failed and hoped they could the problem without reversing the tax cuts.Unable to do so, and facing a $348 million shortfall, Republicans in Kansas passed legislation in the House and Senate designed to  raise income tax rates and end a tax exemption for roughly 330,000 business owners.  In other words, Republicans rejected Brownback s tax policy.Brownback, of course, vetoed the legislation. But lawmakers in the Kansas House formally overrode his veto on Wednesday by a huge margin of 85-40. The legislation now heads to the state Senate.If enough state senators have the backbone to stand up to their unpopular governor, revenues will start pouring into government coffers to cover the budget hole he dug and Kansas will avoid future financial ruin.For four years, Republicans denied reality by insisting that tax cuts on businesses and the wealthy somehow generate more revenue and they continue to insist on such a policy at the national level. The problem is that Republican tax policies have only created a skyrocketing national debt and trillion dollar deficits that cannot be filled by slashing things like food stamps, which only accounts for less than 4 percent of federal spending.The fact is that taxes make civilization possible. If we want things like good education, healthcare, roads, food aid, and Social Security, then we need to pay taxes to pay for them. And that includes businesses and the wealthy. Arguing otherwise on their behalf like Republicans have been doing for decades is unpatriotic and un-American. And Kansas  failed experiment proves it.Featured Image: Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2421, Trump EXPLODES Over Protests For His Obamacare Repeal. Whoopi Goldberg’s Response Is AMAZING (VIDEO),"Anyone who respects democracy and the way this country works knows that protests and rallies are just part of what Americans are allowed to do to get their point across. Donald Trump, of course, does not respect any type of protest or criticism if it goes against him, so he recently attacked Americans who are worried about their healthcare being taken away.Yesterday, Trump flipped out and attacked Americans who were protesting against his disastrous Affordable Care Act repeal on Twitter. Implying that the protesters were actually being paid off, and were part of a liberal scheme to take him down, Trump tweeted:It is completely disgusting that a president would insult and attack citizens like this, and the women of  The View  nailed him for it, unanimously agreeing that protesters have every right to be upset. Host Whoopi Goldberg called out Trump s lies perfectly when she reminded everyone that people actually rely on the Affordable Care Act for life-saving treatment and medication: People are not paid to do this. People are pissed off! She s absolutely right. People s lives will actually be threatened as the GOP works to get rid of the Affordable Care Act with no reasonable replacement. Co-host Sara Haines jumped in and added: I think there s a lot of pressure in D.C. right now considering [Donald] Trump is technically a Republican and he s overseeing this party. Right now people are feeling the pressure in D.C. to give in, pass people, do all of this stuff. These are the people that are going to vote them back in or not. I think it s a good a real reminder that at the end of the day, their power comes from those votes. While there was a bit of back and forth between co-hosts Sunny Hostin and conservative Jedediah Bila over whether or not Obamacare was cost-effective and useful to Americans (clearly, it is), co-host Joy Behar jumped in and reminded everyone that most of the people who backed Trump didn t even know that Obamacare and the Affordable Care Act were the same thing, and that those people only hated Obamacare because of their dislike for former President Barack Obama.Goldberg cut in again with some harsh criticism for Trump s plan to trash Obamacare completely: This has nothing to do with the Affordable Care Act. A lot of what s happened with the insurance companies is that the insurance companies don t want to deal with this. So, we re going to punish you, so you re forced to move this. Now, here s my suggestion, because it works for a lot of people, there has to be a way, as with everything, that you use stuff that works and move what doesn t   but to come in and sweep everything out seems very crazy to me. You can watch Goldberg take down Trump below:Featured image via Pool and / Getty Images",0
2422, REPORT: Paranoid Trump Forces Cabinet Members To Only Hire People ‘Loyal’ To Him,"Donald Trump is employing extra scrutiny to anyone his Cabinet hires to guarantee that they are loyal only to him.As he continues to whine about Democrats holding up the confirmation process for his nominees, Trump is frustrating his Cabinet members by forcing them to clear all new hires with former campaign staffers because he is paranoid that they may not be loyal to him. New hires are apparently being subjected to rigorous vetting, and if it is found that they ever criticized Trump in any way, they are dismissed.According to Politico,When an informal adviser to Education Secretary Betsy DeVos recently recommended a candidate for a high-level Senate-confirmed position at the agency, the adviser was told that the candidate had little chance of getting the job because the person had previously worked for an organization that was seen as being at odds with Trump s policy positions, one person familiar with the issue said.The same goes for the Treasury Department.Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin has clashed with White House officials over top officials in his department, sources say. The White House saw some of Mnuchin s picks as too liberal or not supportive enough of Trump, sources say.Even Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has had to deal with Trump s paranoia.Several high-level people were delayed or scuttled because they didn t agree with Trump during the campaign or because the White House preferred someone else.Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson has also felt Trump s wrath.At Housing and Urban Development, Shermichael Singleton, a top official, joined the department before being terminated when criticism of Trump surfaced in a final White House review.So Trump is literally firing anyone who criticizes him or has criticized him in the past, which means he isn t interested in diverse opinions or experience. He just wants a bunch of yes-men who agree with him no matter what, even if he is wrong.That s incredibly dangerous because Trump is in a job where dissenting opinions can be the difference between life and death, or war and peace. Even President Obama nominated Republicans to high-level positions and valued their input. The greatest presidents in history put together administrations that included some of their sharpest critics because they wanted differing opinions and perspectives that would help them make the best decisions. All Trump is doing is creating his own echo chamber.And because of Trump s obsession with total control and absolute loyalty, the various executive departments are very understaffed. Furthermore, Trump s insistence on scrutinizing every employee hired has apparently slowed down his own job to nominate people to positions as well. So far, he has only managed to pick less than 36 nominees to fill Senate-confirmed positions. There are over 550 such positions that need to be filled.Adding to Trump s problems is the fact that many potential hires are backing out of taking positions because they know associating themselves with Trump could ruin their reputations and careers, which is another reason why Trump is only seeking friends for positions. But Matt Sclapp, who worked for George W. Bush as his political director, correctly warned that only installing friends into government positions can seriously backfire. It often breaks down into trying to appoint your allies into jobs and that can lead to a lot of bad policy formulations,  he said.Indeed, while nominating some qualified friends is not a big deal, Trump is more interested in blind loyalty than he is in qualifications. Nominating only friends to important positions can lead to scandal, especially if those friends start using their positions to enrich themselves or give themselves government favors.Donald Trump s administration is a train wreck, and chaos and infighting reigns inside the White House as he continues to embarrass himself and the nation. Now, even his own Cabinet members are beginning to get frustrated with him, and one wonders who will be the first to resign because they have an incompetent paranoid asshole for a boss.Featured image by Mario Tama via Getty Images",0
2423, City Unanimously Votes To Impeach Trump; Hopes Other Cities Will Soon Follow (VIDEO),"On Tuesday night, one lone city, Richmond, California, unanimously voted to impeach Donald Trump. They hope they are only the first. Unfortunately with this president it s oddly appropriate,  said Richmond City Councilmember Jael Myrick.Councilmember Gayle McLaughlin spearheaded the resolution, which calls on Congress to investigate the president s business holdings, something his critics believe are grounds for impeachment.  This is our voice,  she said.  This is our country. We have a right to speak up. Of course, cities can t impeach a president. That s up to Congress, as one resident mentioned: Actually you don t have a voice because the GOP controls Congress and you people are stupid enough to think Congress will impeach Trump,  said Richmond resident Mark Wassberg.Another resident had an answer for that: A lot of politicians aren t willing to go on the record to do this because it can go against them,  said Richmond resident Ellen Faden.  But as grass roots, as Bernie said, we have to start from the grass roots. Source: ABC 7 NewsHere s the video:While Richmond may be the first city to formally (and yes, toothlessly) endorse impeachment, the movement is gaining momentum among the voters. So far, nearly a quarter million people have signed a Change.org petition for impeachment, and that s just the tip of the iceberg. There are other petitions as well.Whether or not it will happen is still to be seen. Trump has already violated his oath of office by profiting off of the presidency. He has already violated the Emoluments Clause in the Constitution, which states that leaders cannot accept large gifts from foreign states. There might be several examples, but the most damning is the fact that, after years of being denied a trademark for plastering his name all over China, his trademark was suddenly approved last week.Richmond is in a fortunate situation. Its Congressperson and its two Senators are all Democratic. It might just take some gentle urging from other cities and constituents to get the ball rolling. This is certainly a start, if impeachment (Pence) is what we want.Featured image by Joe Raedle via Getty Images",0
2424, WATCH: Republican Runs Into A Buzzsaw During Town Hall For Refusing To Investigate Trump’s Russia Scandal,"Remember when Republicans wasted millions of dollars over two years investigating Benghazi? Voters definitely remember.Republicans repeatedly and constantly used the Benghazi attacks of 2012 to persecute President Obama and Hillary Clinton. The witch hunt surpassed the length of the 9/11 investigation, and the House Select Committee on Benghazi alone cost nearly $7 million of taxpayer money.Overall, ten committees were involved in those investigations, which means the amount spent by Congress is even higher, and they forced the State Department and Defense Department to spend and additional $16 million to defend themselves.In the end, Republicans found no evidence of wrongdoing by Hillary Clinton.In contrast, Republicans have been refusing to investigate Donald Trump s ties with Russia. That scandal has continued to escalate ever since Mike Flynn resigned as National Security Adviser over his negotiations to ease sanctions with Russia prior to Trump taking office, and lying about it.Trump s dubious relationship with Russia goes back to the campaign, when he specifically asked Russian hackers to keep attacking Hillary. Many in Trump s inner circle have connections to Russia, and Trump s campaign adopted policies favorable to Putin, including less support for NATO and dropping sanctions placed on Russia for invading Ukraine. Because of Russian interference in our election process, Trump was installed in the White House as Putin s puppet, and our national security has been threatened ever since.But Republicans don t feel like investigating because they know Trump would be exposed. So when Arkansas Rep. Steve Womack held a town hall on Tuesday, he ran into a buzzsaw as his constituents called out his hypocrisy.Womack told the crowd that Russia is an  existential threat  to America, and that he opposes the deals Trump is making with Putin. But he got massively booed after he suggested Trump is only friendly with Russia because Democrats have been blocking his cabinet nominees. At the end of the day, you and I agree that Russia is a threat, and I believe that once we get the president with his people assembled around him, he will better recognize that Russia is part of the problem,  Womack said.When asked if he would support an investigation of Trump s ties with Russia, Womack refused and used the excuse that such investigations would reveal classified information. You guys just want to investigate everybody,  Womack said to more boos and jeers.It s even more insulting since Republicans literally tried to investigate every little thing that went wrong under President Obama. You guys wasted a lot of money on Benghazi, waste a little on Trump,  one constituent demanded.Afterwards, Womack referred to his constituents as an  angry mob,  and suggested they acted like children for demanding he do his damn job. I m sorry to the community that it became somewhat one-sided and not necessarily a lynch mob, but at least an angry mob that was just not going to be happy with anything I said, and it took away from the ability for us to have what I believe we need to have, and that s a good, adult-level discussion. Here s the video via YouTube.Republicans should be called out for not investigating Trump. We are talking about our national security and the sanctity of our elections. If they are going to put party and power above our country, they have no business serving in Congress.Featured image via screen capture",0
2425, Trump Just Tried To ‘Compliment’ Democrat Keith Ellison. Ellison’s Response Is ALL Of Us (TWEETS),"Donald Trump just got absolutely humiliated on Twitter after he made a pathetic attempt to cozy up to Minnesota Democratic Rep. Keith Ellison with a compliment.Trump kicked off Wednesday morning with a tweet about Ellison, complimenting the Democrat in his effort to head up the Democratic National Committee. Of course, no Trump compliment is complete without the undeserving president bragging about himself, so Trump congratulated Ellison for predicting that he would win the election:Trump is referring to the time Ellison spoke with ABC s  This Week  in 2015, in which Ellison weighed in on the 2016 election. In the segment, Ellison spoke up and warned Americans that even though no one was taking Trump very seriously, he might have a real chance of becoming the Republican nominee, and might even win the presidency. Ellison had said: Anybody from the Democratic side of the fence who s terrified of the possibility of President Trump better vote, better get active, better get involved because this man has got some momentum. We better be ready for the fact that he may be leading the Republican ticket. Any idiot could see that Ellison is actually against Trump in that statement, and was trying to mobilize people to get out and vote against the former reality television star. But of course, Trump is a moron and still decided to compliment Ellison for saying he had a chance at winning the election.It seriously backfired on him less than two hours later. Ellison, who has been criticizing Trump ever since the beginning of his disastrous, shameful presidency, saw Trump s tweet and practically destroyed him:Brutal   and so perfect all at once! Guess Trump is going to be spending the rest of his day attacking Ellison just hours after complimenting him now Featured image via Drew Angerer and Alex Wong via Getty Images",0
2426, New Information Shows Comey’s Campaign-Ending Clinton FBI Probe Was COMPLETELY Political (DETAILS),"We are stuck with Donald Trump as the most dangerous and incompetent president in history for either the next four years or until he is impeached. If he is impeached, we re stuck with a bona fide theocrat in Mike Pence. It didn t have to be this way, though, and we quite possibly have one man to thank for it: Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey.By now, we are all aware that the insane probe into Hillary Clinton s private email server was closed in July. Despite much GOP hand-wringing, it was found that there was nothing to see there. However, despite his decision not to pursue criminal charges, Comey took an unprecedented step and held a press conference telling the American people that Hillary was reckless in her actions in a scathing rebuke that, of course, would turn voters who were on the fence against her. In addition to that, just eleven days out from Election Day, Comey sent a letter to Congress, which of course made it into the press, saying that he may be re-opening the probe due to some nonsense about Hillary s aide, Huma Abedin, and her husband Anthony Weiner s computer in a completely unrelated investigation. Of course, nothing was there, but the damage was already done. This could very well be what tipped the election in favor of Donald Trump in the minds of undecided voters. After all, plenty of people made up their minds at the last minute.One attorney is, quote,  appalled  at Comey s actions. After filing a Freedom of Information Act request to have the warrant for Hillary s emails released, Randy Schoenberg of Los Angeles, California, says of what the FBI Director did, via USA Today: I see nothing at all in the search warrant application that would give rise to probable cause, nothing that would make anyone suspect that there was anything on the laptop beyond what the FBI had already searched and determined not to be evidence of a crime, nothing to suggest that there would be anything other than routine correspondence between  Clinton and Abedin, Schoenberg said in an email to USA TODAY. It remains unknown  why they thought they might find evidence of a crime, why they felt it necessary to inform Congress, and why they even sought this search warrant,  he said.  I am appalled.  The FBI s Manhattan office did not immediately return a call seeking comment.Brian Fallon, who of course was a Clinton campaign official, echoed these sentiments via Twitter, saying that unsealed filings regarding Huma s emails reveals Comey s intrusion on the election was as utterly unjustified as we suspected at time. So, in other words, it is very possible that Comey did this in an effort to tip the scales in Trump s favor. Then again, considering that there was an entire article written during the campaign saying that the  FBI is Trumpland, this really should be no surprise whatsoever. If they wanted to tilt things to Trump, they had the perfect way to do it, especially considering all of the horrible news coming out about Trump.These revelations are especially damning, considering that it has now been revealed that the FBI withheld information regarding an investigation into Trump and his campaign s ties to Russia. To that end, Comey definitely messed with our democracy in what is beginning to look like a criminal act. They hated Hillary so much at the FBI that the director himself manipulated the electoral process to give us a Trump presidency.James Comey needs to be investigated himself, but of course that isn t going to happen under a GOP White House, Department of Justice, and Congress.Shame on you, Director Comey. Representative Maxine Waters was right   you have no credibility, and should resign immediately.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2427," Ivanka Trump’s Business Gets Slapped With A Lien For Owing Over $5,000 In Unpaid Taxes","Not paying taxes and being in debt appears to be a Trump family tradition.Like her father, Ivanka Trump apparently has a problem paying her taxes and it turns out she owes thousands.Her business has taken a lot of major hits recently as retailers drop her products due to poor sales and boycotts. After Nordstrom s dropped her products, Donald Trump lashed out at them on Twitter and Kellyanne Conway resorted to peddling Ivanka s products on Fox News, which violated ethics rules and put Ivanka in an even worse position.Now the state of New York has slapped her jewelry store with a lien for failing to pay taxes.Ivanka Trump owns Trump Fine Jewelry, a store operated in Trump Tower in New York that sells items starting at $1,000 and as high as $20,000.And just like her father, Ivanka doesn t think she should have to pay her taxes either.In January, New York filed a lien against Ivanka s jewelry business for owing $5,000 in unpaid taxes, an amount that is still not paid off.One would think that a person as wealthy as Ivanka would just pay her taxes and move on but Ivanka seems to just want to move on without paying what she owes as if she is somehow entitled to not pay taxes just because her daddy is in the White House.But that s not how it works. If a person owes taxes they are obligated under the law to pay them.And this isn t the first time Ivanka has tried to escape paying her debts. Just last year, she was ordered to pay over $3 million to KGK Jewelry for failing to pay them for services rendered. Again, her father has a history of failing to pay contractors for doing jobs.One has to wonder how much debt Donald Trump owes to his own creditors. After all, Trump often does business with banks overseas because American banks refuse to give him loans since he is a credit risk. Only Trump s taxes would give us definitive knowledge of Trump s finances.But now we know that his daughter definitely does not pay her taxes. And she must have learned it from someone, and there s no one better at failing to pay taxes than Donald Trump.Featured image via Joe Scarnici/Getty Images",0
2428, GOP Lawmaker To Trump: Stop Acting Like A ‘Fragile’ Snowflake Over Town Hall Protests,"Angry constituents have inundated town hall meetings over concerns of Obamacare being repealed and other issues. There is so much frustration with constituents over Trump s policies that Republicans in Congress are avoiding in-person town hall meetings. Vice News reports that 200 Republicans in Congress are skipping town hall meetings with their constituents in February. Rep. Tom Emmer (R-MN) will not allow protesting, or what he calls  disruptive behavior  at his upcoming town hall Wednesday or the event will be canceled. Specifically, no  chanting  will be allowed at the Snowflake s event. Of course, we never heard the same to be said when tea partiers descended on Democratic lawmaker s town hall meetings and shut them down over Obamacare. Republicans are feeling the heat and so is the alleged president. The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad!  Trump said on Tuesday.The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 21, 2017In order to discredit those who offend our fragile POTUS, Trump routinely uses the term  so-called,  just as he did with a federal judge who ruled against his Muslim ban.Rep. Justin Amash (R-Mich.) pushed back against Trump s claim that  liberal activists  are organizing agitated protests in Republican districts. They are our fellow Americans with legitimate concerns. We need to stop acting so fragile. I m proud to defend liberty and the Constitution,  he tweeted.They are our fellow Americans with legitimate concerns. We need to stop acting so fragile. I m proud to defend liberty and the Constitution. https://t.co/2CcD02mXzl  Justin Amash (@justinamash) February 22, 2017Amash called out Trump before after the amateur president kept attacking Rep. John Lewis. Dude, just stop,  he tweeted in January.Dude, just stop. https://t.co/UCIqhqGnXu  Justin Amash (@justinamash) January 15, 2017He s not wrong but he s in a swing state so we re wondering if he s pandering to voters in his area, however, he has faced packed town halls in his home state recently with hundreds of constituents. I think it is critical that members of Congress hold in-person town halls like this,  Amash said at an event about two weeks ago, according to The Hill.  There aren t enough of people on either side of the aisle who do it. Image: Gage Skidmore via Flickr.",0
2429, Angry Voters Run Joni Ernst Out Of Town After She Tells Them To Save More Money After GOP Kills Obamacare (VIDEO),"Joni Ernst may portray herself as tough in her campaign ads, but in real life she s about as yellow as the bedsheets of a certain Russian hotel after a Trump visit. Ernst had planned a small  veterans roundtable  in Maquoketa City Hall in her home state of Iowa, but she found herself met by a packed room with more crammed into the hallways of the building.Ernst slinked in a side door to avoid protesters and called almost exclusively on veterans, but one of them asked her a question that made her turn tail and run: All we hear is repeal and replace, but we don t hear about a real clear plan, other than talking about health savings accounts, which really amounts to your own money, quite frankly. And he s right. A Health savings account doesn t quite make sense if you don t have the money to pay into it, or if you suffer chronic conditions, or if you encounter even a moderately expensive health need. Nevertheless, Ernst went through her preplanned talking points as the audience jeered, booed, and mocked her   especially when she got to the part about HSAs being awesome.#Ernst is put on the spot on Obamacare by an enrollee. Her answer: Cite a couple provisions and tout HSAs. The audience jeered throughout. pic.twitter.com/xMVe8WhaWT  Eric Bradner (@ericbradner) February 21, 2017After answering just a few questions, Ernst abruptly ended the town hall and fled out the side door to a chorus of boos:Crowd erupts at Joni Ernst event in rural Iowa pic.twitter.com/cSd829Q4YC  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) February 22, 2017Ernst was right to run away   after all, voters were probably right when they told her it is  your last term. Featured image via screengrab",0
2430, Trump Demanded The Anne Frank Center ‘Praise’ Him For Finally Denouncing Antisemitism; Their Response Is EPIC (TWEETS),"When White House spokesliar Sean Spicer demanded that the Anne Frank Center praise Donald Trump for, for the first time since he became President, denouncing the rash of antisemitic violence and other crime that has popped up since his election.Traditionally, Trump has been terrible with even acknowledging that bad things happen to Jewish people. even omitting them from his Holocaust announcement. But for the first time   that can t be emphasized enough   he named Jews as the actual victims of antisemitism: The anti-Semitic threats targeting our Jewish community and community centers are horrible and are painful and a very sad reminder of the work that still must be done to root out hate and prejudice and evil. While some praised Trump for  finally doing the right thing, for most it was too little too late   especially when it s considered that his staff is overflowing with Nazis, white nationalists, white supremacists, alt-Righters, and other synonyms. His statement today is a pathetic asterisk of condescension after weeks in which he and his staff have committed grotesque acts and omissions reflecting Antisemitism, yet day after day have refused to apologize and correct the record,  Steven Goldstein, executive director of the Anne Frank Center for Mutual Respect, wrote in a Facebook post.  Make no mistake: The Antisemitism coming out of this Administration is the worst we have ever seen from any Administration.  He added: The White House repeatedly refused to mention Jews in its Holocaust remembrance, and had the audacity to take offense when the world pointed out the ramifications of Holocaust denial. And it was only yesterday, Presidents  Day, that Jewish Community Centers across the nation received bomb threats, and the President said absolutely nothing. When President Trump responds to Antisemitism proactively and in real time, and without pleas and pressure, that s when we ll be able to say this President has turned a corner. This is not that moment. I think he s been very forceful with his denunciation of people who seek to attack people because of their religion, because of their gender, because of the color of their skin,  Spicer lied in response.  It is something that he s going to continue to fight and make very, very clear has he has no place in this administration. Trump, of course, chose an  alt-right  scumbag named Stephen Miller, who has ties to white supremacist Richard Spencer, as a senior adviser and has handed anti-semitic, racist hatemonger Steve Bannon so much power that  many people are saying  he s actually the President. It s ironic that no matter how many times he talks about this, it s never good enough,  Spicer whined, ignoring that Trump literally has never actually defended persecuted  Jewish people before. The Anne Frank Center, he says, needs to get with the program and sing The Donald s praises: I wish that they had praised the president for his leadership in this area, and I think that hopefully as time continues to go by, they recognize his commitment to civil rights, to voting rights, to equality for all Americans. The Center shot back on Twitter, giving them a condition that would cause them to do that   fire the most blatant and terrible Nazi on staff: @WhiteHouse says our org should ""praise"" @POTUS @realDonaldTrump on #Antisemitism   THEN FIRE STEVE BANNON. https://t.co/gGaoL0buc9  AnneFrankCenter(US) (@AnneFrankCenter) February 21, 2017.@WhiteHouse Sean Spicer you are wrong to claim @POTUS has addressed #Antisemitism many times. No & we had to beg. https://t.co/TNGt186vEv  AnneFrankCenter(US) (@AnneFrankCenter) February 22, 2017RIDICULOUS for @POTUS & @WhiteHouse to use Ivanka's religion as defense to #Antisemitism   like saying Some of my best daughters are Jewish  AnneFrankCenter(US) (@AnneFrankCenter) February 22, 2017Naturally, Trump fans showed their true colors in response:@TotalWarCoach @AnneFrankCenter Whoa whoa whoa, why aren't you people lampshades yet?  leftism is autism (@crowsm) February 21, 2017@AnneFrankCenter You really need to shut up. Save your wailing for the wall, not about our president. Do you want Muslim immigrants?  ?Jin Saotome? (@JinSaotome) February 21, 2017@murrdogg I'll put my money on them or the Jewish leaders themselves. Lotta hoaxes for attention. And calling Trump anti-Semitic so quickly?  ?Jin Saotome? (@JinSaotome) February 21, 2017@AnneFrankCenter @WhiteHouse @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Why fire Bannon? He isn't an anti-semit. No evidence to support baseless charge.  N Thompson (@NThompson_3) February 21, 2017Trump hasn t exactly been the  civil rights  President his team seems to think he is   but the notion that everyone should grovel at his feet every single time he does or says something that isn t completely batsh*t f*cking horrifying is simply unacceptable.Don t be fooled by the one  gesture  he was cornered into making: he s still the same tangerine fascist he s always been.Featured image via Getty Images (Joe Raedle)/screengrab",0
2431, Swedish Police APPALLED At Level Of Deception In Film Trump Blamed For His ‘Terror Attack’ Lie,"When Donald Trump pulled a terror attack in Sweden out of his ass at a Florida rally over the weekend, he tried to cover his lie by saying he was referencing a documentary about rising crime in Sweden. That documentary blames Sweden s immigrant and refugee population for the crime, and Fox News  Tucker Carlson ran a portion of an interview between filmmaker Ami Horowitz and a couple of Swedish police officers from that documentary.And what Horowitz did with it has these two officers in complete shock. Horowitz says that Muslim refugees are responsible for a sharp increase in gun violence and rape, which is the basis of his documentary. One officer says that the interview was about areas with high rates of crime, but there was no focus on migration or immigration: We don t stand behind it. It shocked us. He has edited the answers. We were answering completely different questions in the interview. This is bad journalism. Paranoia and racism generally make for bad journalism, but fear-mongering conservatives don t seem to care. Tucker Carlson should have known better than to air a segment to push the right s anti-immigrant agenda, but he didn t. And Horowitz is trying to defend his  investigation  despite the horror his own interview subjects have expressed over the editing. He even claims he told them this would be about migrants and immigrants.But Horowitz also claims that the officers are the ones who used the term  no-go zones  to describe communities that have large Muslim-immigrant populations. For the record,  no-go zones  has been a rumor circulating around conservative media for quite some time   they like to claim that these zones are only open to Muslims, and some of them are so strict that any non-Muslim caught there faces punishment under Sharia law, and outside of the country s law. Local police are said to avoid these areas entirely.It s also a flat-out lie.But Horowitz tried to reclaim some credibility by saying his  record stands for itself: I ve never had a subject claim, and certainly not prove, that I ever misled them or ever doctored the footage. It s never happened before. So, my record stands for itself, and what you saw on that video clear as day stands for itself. The big question is, what possible motive would these two officers have to discredit Horowitz and Fox News? Horowitz says their bosses pressured them to disavow the interviews so they wouldn t be labeled racists. That s not likely true because, if nothing else, the data shows that despite the spike in migrants in Sweden over the last several years, crime has not similarly risen, let alone skyrocketed.You have a problem when your interview subjects say,  That s not what we said, that s not what we meant, that s not even what we were asked about.  Horowitz and Carlson owe the world an apology, but it seems that conservative personalities increasingly believe personal responsibility only applies to other people.Featured image by Mark Wilson via Getty Images",0
2432," Muslims Raise $20,000 In THREE HOURS To Fix Vandalized Jewish Cemetery As Trump Does Nothing","Ever since Donald Trump was elected by a minority of the population, along with a technicality provided by an outdated system that was put in place to preserve the power of slave owners, it seems like we can t go a week or even a day without someone committing a crime targeting Jews. Though Trump finally denounced anti-Semitism for the first time on Tuesday, his administration has largely been silent as anti-Semitic hate crimes have been on the rise since we kinda, sorta  elected  him.Asked last Wednesday about the rise in anti-Semitism that strangely accompanies his presidency, Trump replied that  We are, you know, very honored by the victory that we had. I just want to say that we are very honored by the victory we had   316 Electoral College votes. We were not supposed to crack 220. You know that, right?  This sort of response is what is expected, of course, from someone who drained the swamp and put the scum he found at the bottom   which includes quite a few actual f*cking Nazis (and other white supremacists) like Steve Bannon, Jeff Sessions, and Stephen Miller   in his administration. Team Trump has even completely failed Jewish people   but you know who hasn t? Muslims.After a historic Jewish cemetery in Missouri was vandalized Monday, Muslims in the area went to work to help their fellow humans out. More than 100 headstones at the Chesed Shel Emeth Society cemetery in the University City suburb of St. Louis were damaged and overturned following this disgusting act of destruction, which left workers struggling to fix what they could and documenting what needed to be replaced.Scene at Chesed Shel Emeth Jewish Cemetery in U-City. Crews starting to make repairs to vandalized headstones. pic.twitter.com/JX0SmpIvVm  Chris Regnier (@chrisregniertv) February 21, 2017A crowdfunding campaign started by the Muslim community reached its goal of $20,000 in just three hours, with the amount of money going toward fixing the cemetery still steadily growing.Linda Sarsour of MPower Change says the campaign is inspired by the Prophet Muhammad s love for humanity:While these senseless acts have filled us with sorrow, we reflect on the message of unity, tolerance, and mutual protection found in the Constitution of Medina: an historic social contract between the Medinan Jews and the first Muslim community. We are also inspired by the example of our Prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him, who stood up to pay respects for a passing Jewish funeral procession. When questioned on why he stood for a Jewish funeral, he responded,  Is it not a human soul?  [Source: Bukhari]. Through this campaign, we hope to send a united message from the Jewish and Muslim communities that there is no place for this type of hate, desecration, and violence in America,  she says.  We pray that this restores a sense of security and peace to the Jewish-American community who has undoubtedly been shaken by this event. Donald Trump and his supporters may go out of their way to demonize Muslims, but we will never, ever, ever, ever see this sort of humanity displayed by anyone associated with him.Watch a report on this latest anti-Semitic attack below:Featured image via screengrab",0
2433, Trump Just TOTALLY Screwed Our Military And Their Children,"One by one, Donald Trump is screwing over everyone he promised to help when he wanted their votes. Today, it was our military veterans and their small children who got the shaft, thanks to Trump s policies. A memorandum was leaked online explaining to Army families with young kids that the early education programs they have come to rely on are coming to an end just one week from today as a result of Trump s hiring freeze. The memo announced that United States Army Garrison (USAG) Wiesbaden CYS Part-Day Programs would no longer be available as of March 1. These programs include the Strong Beginnings, Part-Day Preschool, and Part-Day Toddler programs.Printed on Army letterhead, the document clearly states that  this closure is a result of staff shortage due to the Federal hiring Freeze. This Hiring Freeze prevents CYS from replacing staff who depart for any reason to include normal rotation.  Because they are unable to hire new teachers, thanks to Trump s hiring freeze, they have found themselves with only enough staff to  operate mandatory core programs. According to the memorandum,  Part-Day programs are being closed to sustain Full-Day programs that are essential for military readiness. The last day for these Part-Day programs will be February 28. It is with deep regret that USAG Wiesbaden CYS must take this action; however, mandated core services that support Soldier readiness must be maintained and this can only be done by moving staff into the core programs from the Part-Day programs,  the memo reads.  It is our intention to once again offer these Part-Day programs as soon as we are authorized to hire and have sufficient trained staff on board. On the campaign trail, Trump swore up and down that he was going to take care of the men and women who serve in our military. But, like most other things he has said, this has turned out to be just one more broken promise. And now, it is the children of those who are willing to give their lives for this country that are ultimately getting screwed.If you don t think @realDonaldTrump s #hiringfreeze hurts our military, and military families, think again. This just leaked online. pic.twitter.com/H69Uh8Fukq  VoteVets (@votevets) February 21, 2017Featured image via Christopher Furlong/Getty Images",0
2434," This Chart Reveals How Trump Is Spending His Time In Office, And It’s OUTRAGEOUS","American taxpayers who expected Donald Trump to work hard for them are going to be sorely disappointed when they see this.Trump has spent a full month in office, or 744 hours.And so far, he has very little to show for it. Trump is already on track to issue more executive orders than President Obama ever did and he is on pace to spend more time on vacation as well.According to research by the Washington Post, Donald Trump may be the laziest president America has ever had to put up with.Of the 744 hours he has spent in office, Trump 293 hours not working while in Washington DC, 25 hours golfing, 13 hours tweeting, and 106 hours at Mar-a-Lago. That s a total of 437 hours of Trump not being on the job.In contrast, Trump has only spent a pathetic six hours in intelligence briefings and only 21 hours dealing with foreign relations. And can we really count all of the time Trump has spent whining about the press and bragging about himself as work time? Probably not.Here s the chart via The Washington Post.Trump promised he wouldn t have time to play golf because he would be working so hard, but he is already on pace to surpass the number of rounds President Obama played during his first term. Trump has also taken three trips to Palm Beach in Florida to stay at his resort at a cost of $10 million to taxpayers thus far, meaning Trump is on pace to shatter the 8-year $90 million price tag of President Obama s vacations and the number of days President Obama spent on vacation within his first year on the job.Considering how much conservatives whined and bitched about President Obama s golfing and vacations, the fact that they haven t complained once about Trump s is absolute hypocrisy. Compared with Obama, Trump is much worse.And as for those executive orders, Trump has signed 12 so far and that comes out to 136 this year, which means he ll sign more in two years than President Obama did in eight years if he stays on this pace. As we know, conservatives complained every time President Obama signed an executive order, claiming that executive orders undermine Congress. But apparently, conservatives have no problem with Trump acting like a king. And those orders have done nothing but cause chaos and hurt people while keeping government agencies from doing their jobs.Rather than working for the American people like he claimed he would, Trump is treating the most important job in the world like it s not much of a priority. In fact, he only seems interested in tweeting, bragging about himself during press conferences, and playing golf at a time when the world needs steady, hard-working leadership. And since Trump s  work  has mostly caused chaos, one can hardly say that he is working on behalf of the people. He s only interested in causing more problems and helping himself.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
2435, Milo Goes Down In Flames As His Career At Breitbart Comes To A HUMILIATING End (DETAILS),"The fall of professional troll and far-right provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos continues, as he has now resigned from the place that made him a young conservative star, Breitbart News. Milo began his time at Breitbart as a tech editor, and his antics eventually got him promoted to Senior Editor. Now, all of that is over as multiple videos surfaced of him defending pederasty. Said tapes also cost him a speaking slot at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) and the deal with publishers Simon and Schuster for a provocative book he had written, entitled Dangerous.Milo released a statement saying the following of his resignation: Breitbart News has stood by me when others caved I would be wrong to allow my poor choice of words to detract from my colleagues  important reporting, so today I am resigning from Breitbart, effective immediately. This decision is mine alone. The assertion that no one forced Milo s resignation is highly suspect, considering that there was reporting that  at least half a dozen Breitbart employees had threatened to walk out if Milo wasn t removed from the site s employ. Of course, Breitbart is sticking by the idea that Milo is some kind of bastion of conservative thought, rather than the walking, talking, YouTube troll that he actually is. They released their own statement, saying: Milo Yiannopoulos s bold voice has sparked much-needed debate on important cultural topics confronting universities, the LGBTQ community, the press, and the tech industry. Milo notified us this morning of his decision to resign as editor of Breitbart Tech and we accepted his resignation. Milo insists that this is not the last we have heard of him, though, and says that he will be starting his own media company instead of using Breitbart as the platform his filth: I will be announcing a new, independently-funded media venture of my own and a live tour in the coming weeks. I don t intend to go head-to-head with Breitbart, but I intend to do more of the same, just not under the Breitbart banner. Hopefully, said venture is a colossal failure now that Milo is such a toxic presence to so many people. Literally any outside donor, network, or media company that touches him or his effort to re-brand will be immediately hit with boycotts and public scorn, and rightfully so. But   we do live in the age over-saturation of news, so likely people will forget Milo s controversies after awhile, he ll rise from his swamp to spew his hate another day. Sad, but true.Featured image via video screen capture from YouTube",0
2436," Sean Spicer EXPLODES At Anne Frank Center, Viciously Attacks Trump Critics (VIDEO)","Today, Donald Trump  and his team pissed off the Anne Frank Center over his pathetically late condemnation of anti-Semitic crimes while visiting the National Museum of African American History.Earlier today, Trump tried to denounce hate crimes targeted against Jewish people, and the Anne Frank Center correctly pointed out that Trump should have denounced those attacks far sooner, especially since Trump and his administration s actions have perfectly reflected anti-Semitism. The Center said: His statement today is a pathetic asterisk of condescension after weeks in which he and his staff have committed grotesque acts and omissions reflecting anti-Semitism, yet day after day have refused to apologize and correct the record. Make no mistake: The Antisemitism coming out of this Administration is the worst we have ever seen from any Administration. It was a powerful statement, and it was 100% true. Unfortunately, the way Trump s team has chosen to handle that feedback is disgraceful. Later that day, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer threw a fit and complained that Trump was never good enough  for human rights organizations like the Anne Frank Center. Spicer said: I saw the statement. I wish that they had praised the President for his leadership in this area. The president has made clear since the day he was elected, and frankly going back to the campaign, that he is someone who seeks to unite this country. He brings a diverse group of folks into his administration, both in terms of actual positions and people who he sought the advice of. And I think he has been very forceful with his denunciation of people who seek to attack people because of their hate, because of their religion, because of their gender, because of the color of their skin. And it s something he s going to continue to fight and make very, very clear that [it] has no place in this administration. But it s ironic that no matter how many times he talks about this, it s never good enough. Today, I think, was an unbelievably forceful comment by the President as far as his denunciation of the actions that are currently targeted towards Jewish community centers. But I think that he s been very clear previous to this. Spicer pretty much serves as Trump s little attack dog, jumping on anyone who criticizes him and calls it like it is. Here s a news flash, though   people treat Trump as if he s not good enough because he s NOT good enough! He s incompetent, ignorant and has no idea what he s doing   and it shows. For Spicer to go after the Anne Frank Center in defense of Trump is absolutely unforgivable. You can watch Spicer come unhinged below: Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",0
2437, North Carolina Tea Partiers Just ADMITTED They Are The True Terrorists; Trump Administration Does Nothing,"Since Donald Trump began his run for the president, there has been one clear message: if you aren t white (preferably male) and Christian, you aren t a true American. Add that to the Tea Party, which started when Barack Obama was elected president (they didn t care about taxation enough to organize when there were white presidents), and we have a recipe for violence. In North Carolina, the Tea Party is threatening just that toward Muslims and the Trump administration, at least so far, is silent.About a third of Americans believe that if we let Muslim immigrants in, our country will be subjected to  Sharia law,  which is about the equivalent of Biblical law, which those Americans have no problem with. Sharia law, like Biblical law, would be a direct violation of the Constitution, but the only part they know of is the Second Amendment, which brings us to what these Tea Partiers want to do to Muslims they want to  kill the hell out of  them.The meeting was held in a North Carolina seafood restaurant and it included about two dozen Tea Partiers, many of whom are part of right-wing militia groups. Do you have any recommendations as to how we could stop this?  asked Frank del Valle, a Winston-Salem resident whose Facebook page identifies him as a retired federal employee and native of Cuba, near the end of the hourlong presentation.  Because my only recommendation is to start killing the hell out them. Source: Triad City BeatAccording to the group, they aren t the only ones: Political correctness is being thrown away,  he said.  A lot of people are meeting like this. We re making progress in the positive direction.  He argued for supporting reformers in the Muslim faith, adding,  We need to talk about how we can get things done peacefully. Be ready for the worst. I am beyond that point,  del Valle replied.  I m ready to start taking people out. That damned Sharia law is everywhere: The Muslim Brotherhood is behind all that terrorism and violent acts, but they re also here operating in America in a very stealthy mode,  he said.  They ve infiltrated the judiciary. They have judges that are elected to the bench. These judges are expected to make rulings from the bench here in America according to sharia law even though it s not a sharia court. If you ve got a Muslim judge he s required to try you under sharia law. These people are in high positions of influence often behind the scenes in government, academia, medicine, the media. How many of you have been to a hospital and seen the doctors that are running around in the hospital? Actually, judges are required to NOT try people under Sharia law and the vast majority of doctors are white, but the Tea Party has never been good with facts.These Tea Partiers are feeling empowered these days, for good reason. Trump has all but eliminated any references to right-wing terrorism, which is very real and already underreported. If Trump denounces right-wing extremism, he will be denouncing his most loyal base and that isn t going to happen.Featured image via Phillipp Guelland/Getty Images",0
2438, Chuck Schumer: Republicans Have ‘Real Problems’ With Trump Behind Closed Doors (VIDEO),"Republicans may act like they have faith in Donald Trump when the cameras are rolling, but if you ask them in private, they have some serious issues with his trainwreck of a presidency.On Tuesday, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer told the ladies of The View that Republicans have  real problems  with Trump when you speak to them behind closed doors. When you talk to Republicans quietly   you know, in the cloak room and the gym   they are having real problems with him,  Schumer replied.  Now, very few   John McCain, to his credit   but very few have had the courage to oppose hime even though they know he s doing a lot of things that are against what America is all about My prediction is that if he keeps up on this path   which is likely, I don t think he ll change   within three or four months you re going to see a whole lot of Republicans breaking with him. And that s the salvage of America. That is the hope of America. Schumer continued, noting that Trump has assembled the  worst cabinet I ve ever seen in the history of America.  He then predicted that in a matter of months Trump will push Republicans to a point where they have  no choice  but to turn on him.Schumer explained that Trump had  campaigned as a populist against both the Democratic and Republican establishments.  If he continued on that path, he might  have some successes,  Schumer said. But what Trump has done is  move to the hard, hard right, way beyond what most Republicans are for,  and because of this, he will  be a failure. Schumer doesn t think Trump is going to change anytime soon, but he does think that there will come a time when Republicans will step up and put a stop to this madness. Or at least he hopes so. I do think, and hope and pray, that a lot of the Republicans   they re mainstream people, I don t agree with them on the issues but they re good people   that they will feel they have no choice but to break with him. The minority leader also added that Trump s attacks on the press, in particular, are  trouble for the democracy. Watch the segment here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
2439," Kellyanne Conway Agrees With Comparison Of Obama Appointees To Terrorists, Whines About Obstruction","Unable to spew her toxic bullshit on various media outlets, Kellyanne Conway appeared on right-wing radio instead.Republicans have conveniently ignored the fact that they obstructed President Obama for eight years. And that includes a nearly year long refusal to grant Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland a fair confirmation hearing. Republicans even blocked one Obama nominee so long that she died waiting to serve her country.So every time Republicans complain about Democrats obstructing Trump, they are being hypocrites.And Conway was a whining hypocrite during an appearance on Hugh Hewitt s radio show on Tuesday and failed to disagree with Hewitt after he compared President Obama s appointees to terrorists. I just want him to do, there are sleeper cells of Obama appointees throughout this government who are in political jobs,  Hewitt said  They re not civil servants, and I want them, I really want them gone yesterday. Hewitt wants Donald Trump to just fire all of Obama s appointees, which would leave several positions unfilled as the Senate continues to hold hearings for Trump s nominees.Hewitt then asked Conway if Trump will use recess appointments to fill all of the government posts in one shot, a dubious appointment method that Republicans repeatedly warned President Obama against doing. Would you push that, because we ve got to stand up to this government, and Senate Democrats are not going to do anything to assist us in getting going,  Hewitt said.Not only did Conway fail to call Hewitt out for comparing President s Obama s appointees to terrorists, she admitted that Trump could pull the trigger on recess appointments, which would allow hundreds of nominees to fill posts without confirmation by the Senate. Everything s on the table,  she said. All of that is being discussed, Hugh. And you make some excellent points. You re right about the Democrats. I mean, to see sort of congenital, presumptive obstruction and negativity is very concerning, because it just means that the government can t function fully, and that they re obstructing regardless of who the individual is that s being considered, regardless of the post that needs to be filled. And it s very frustrating. Gee, that sounds a lot like what Republicans have been doing over the last eight years. Except that Democrats are obstructing because Trump is picking nominees who are unqualified.The hypocrisy here is absolutely unprecedented. If President Obama had immediately fired every appointee of George W. Bush, Republicans would have screamed bloody murder.And the fact is that as much as Republicans are whining about Democratic obstruction, turnabout is fair play. If Republicans wanted Democrats to work with them they should have thought about that before treating President Obama the way they did over the last eight years. From the very first day of President Obama s administration, Senate Republicans vowed to obstruct him. They refused to cooperate with him on anything. And now that the same thing is happening to them, they have no right to complain and they only have themselves to blame.Comparing Democrats to terrorists is totally un-American and just demonstrates that Democrats have a duty to continue obstructing Donald Trump and his extreme conservative agenda. And by not disputing Hewitt s comparison, Conway just demonstrated why she should never be allowed on television again.Featured image via screenshot",0
2440, Trump Finally Visited A Black History Museum And He Complained About The Cost,"It s Black History Month and before Tuesday, Donald Trump s only acknowledgement seemed to be telling a female African-American reporter to set up a meeting with the Congressional Black Caucus, you know, because black people all know each other and working women are all secretaries.On Tuesday, though, Trump finally visited the African-American History section of the Smithsonian. He delivered some platitudes, but he also took the opportunity to brag about himself and his win and he complained about the cost of the museum.First, the not so horrible: It s a privilege to be here today,  Trump said at the museum.  This museum is a beautiful tribute to so many American heroes, heroes like Sojourner Truth, Harriet Tubman, Frederick Douglass, Booker T. Washington, Rosa Parks, the Greensboro students and the African-American Medal of Honor recipients, among so many other really incredible heroes. Source: Talking Points MemoTrump also made a vow to  fight bigotry, intolerance and hatred in all of its very ugly forms.  Of course, he could say that to his supporters rather than to victims of  bigotry, intolerance and hatred,  but still, the sentiment, sincere or not (it wasn t), was there.It didn t take long for Trump to start in with his usual bragging, though.Trump also thanked Sen. Tim Scott (R-SC) for joining him at the museum. A friend of mine, a great, great senator from South Carolina. I like the state of South Carolina,  he said.  I like all those states where I won by double, double, double digits. Nothing earth shattering there. Trump loves his winning states and hates the states that dared exercise their democratic right to vote against him. It was the last part that hasn t been reported much in the media, but was particularly eye opening.He wrapped up his speech by saying that the museum was built with  tremendous love and passion,  not to mention  lots of money. I just have to say that what they ve done here is something that can probably not be duplicated. It was done with love and lots of money.  Trump said.  Lots of money. We can t avoid that. To be fair, the museum did cost about $540 million   half of it paid from private donors. As for the taxpayer funded portion, it only represented about .00007 percent of the federal budget. It s also approximately the cost of us sending the Trumps to Mar-A-Lago every weekend for about two years.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
2441, The Anne Frank Center Just TORCHED Trump For Pathetic And Late Condemnation Of Anti-Semitism,"Donald Trump does not care about Jewish people. If he did, he would have strongly condemned anti-Semitism long ago instead of pandering to groups that commit it.In cities across the country on Monday, Jewish community centers were evacuated after receiving bomb threats.This is yet another escalation of the attack on Jewish people in America since Trump was elected in November. Hate crimes are on the rise, and so is anti-Semitism. Trump has been repeatedly called upon to condemn anti-Semitism but he has refused to do so or only weakly does so because he would lose his supporters on the extreme right-wing.On Tuesday, a full day after the bomb threats, Trump finally made a short statement pathetically denouncing anti-Semitism. The anti-Semitic threats targeting our Jewish community and community centers are horrible and are painful and a very sad reminder of the work that still must be done to root out hate and prejudice and evil,  Trump said.Of course, Trump has contributed to this hate by ignoring it and has insulted Jews ever since taking office a month ago.Shortly after Trump s late statement, Anne Frank Center for Mutual Respect Executive Director Steven Goldstein scolded Trump in a statement. The President s sudden acknowledgement is a Band-Aid on the cancer of anti-Semitism,  he began. His statement today is a pathetic asterisk of condescension after weeks in which he and his staff have committed grotesque acts and omissions reflecting anti-Semitism, yet day after day have refused to apologize and correct the record. Make no mistake: The Antisemitism coming out of this Administration is the worst we have ever seen from any Administration.The White House repeatedly refused to mention Jews in its Holocaust remembrance, and had the audacity to take offense when the world pointed out the ramifications of Holocaust denial. And it was only yesterday, President s Day, that Jewish Community Centers across the nation received bomb threats, and the President said absolutely nothing.When President Trump responds to anti-Semitic proactively and in real time, and without pleas and pressure, that s when we ll be able to say this President has turned a corner. This is not that moment. .@POTUS @realDonaldTrump do not make us Jews settle for crumbs of condescension. What are you going to do about #Antsemitism in @WhiteHouse pic.twitter.com/95Z5GP1OBc  AnneFrankCenter(US) (@AnneFrankCenter) February 21, 2017Trump s campaign was heavily supported by Nazis and Trump even hired a Nazi by making Steve Bannon his top adviser. So while Trump s statement on Tuesday is a start, it s not enough because his anti-Semitic supporters still believe he is one of them and that he doesn t really believe what he s saying when he  condemns  them. That s because Trump s statement was weak and his previous actions and words make it clear that he is not a friend to Jews.Featured image via Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
2442, These Countries Just Stood Up For Women’s Rights And Spat In Trump’s Face (DETAILS),"Other nations are stepping up to play larger roles in the world because of Donald Trump, proving that he is destroying American respect and power abroad.One of Trump s first acts after taking over the White House was to issue a global gag rule on abortion.The executive order bans groups that receive funding from the United States from giving women information on abortion, reversal of President Obama s policy that had been in effect for the last eight years.Apparently, conservatives believe they not only have the right to tell American women what to do with their bodies, they believe they have the right to tell all women around the world what to do with their bodies as well.Trump s policy is an embarrassing shift. Women around the world will now see America as a hostile enemy of women s rights and bodily autonomy.And as a result of of the United States abandoning women around the world, other nations are sticking it to Trump by filling the gaps.According to Reuters,Norway has joined an international initiative to raise millions of dollars to replace shortfalls left by U.S. President Donald Trump s ban on U.S.-funded groups worldwide providing information on abortion.In January, the Netherlands started a global fund to help women access abortion services, saying Trump s  global gag rule  meant a funding gap of $600 million over the next four years, and has pledged $10 million to the initiative to replace that.Sweden, Denmark, Belgium, Luxembourg, Finland, Canada and Cape Verde have all also lent their support.Norway is also chipping in $10 million. The government is increasing its support for family planning and safe abortion, Prime Minister Erna Solberg said in a statement.  At a time when this agenda has come under pressure, a joint effort is particularly important. So Donald Trump just hurt American prestige by doing something that will hurt women around the globe. But other nations are boosting their own prestige by filling the funding gap.Abortion is a medically necessary procedure that women should have access to no matter where they live. By trying to deny women that access, Donald Trump is putting lives at risk and taking rights away from women after our country has fought for years to lift up women around the world.Trump and Republicans should realize that as they continue to shrink America s role in the world, other nations will take advantage of it and increase their own prestige and power. As long as Trump and Republicans continue down this path, respect for us will plummet and our influence will wane.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2443, Rick Santorum On CNN Addresses Anti-Semitism Under Trump: It’s Obama’s Fault (VIDEO),"On the same day that bomb threats were made, more than 100 headstones were damaged or toppled in a historic Jewish cemetery in University City, Mo., on Monday, in an attack reportedly carried out by an organized group. Ten Jewish community centers in at least five states in the U.S. were targeted with bomb threats on Monday. The wave of bomb threats totals 69 incidents targeting 54 JCCs in 27 states. All of this happened since Donald Trump took office. Trump has a huge neo-Nazi following, after literally being supported by every white supremacist group across the board during his campaign.But, according to what CNN contributor Rick Santorum said on Tuesday, it s former President Barack Obama s fault. CNN host Chris Cuomo asked Santorum on Tuesday why the alleged president hasn t called out the attacks on Jewish centers. While Santorum did say that Trump should tweet something about the attacks, he still defended the amateur president s silence. Let s look at the president s record and compare it with what we ve seen in the last eight years,  Santorum said.  Number one, the president has stood by Israel in ways that President Obama has not, and stood very solidly with the state of Israel. I ve got to tell you, Chris, this is why you hear about fake news,  Santorum said.  For eight years   eight years!   the Obama administration sat by and said nothing about the increasing anti-Semitism on college campuses! It s an outrage you guys are pointing to this 30 days in, and for eight years you ignored that story!  he added.In Trump s Holocaust remembrance statement last month, Trump did not even mention Jewish people. Former Clinton campaign surrogate Christine Quinn reminded Santorum of that. This is a case of bomb threats!  Quinn said.  Violence and desecrating cemeteries! I don t understand the school of thought. If you think President Obama didn t do enough then do more. This isn t about being compared to your predecessor, it s about defining yourself. And does President Trump want to be defined as someone who fights hate crimes and supports Jewish people? Santorum insisted on defending Trump by saying the former reality TV show star is  much more supportive of the state of Israel than Obama. Donald Trump s base is more pro-Israel, more pro-Jewish people than anybody,  Santorum continued.  If you talk to anybody in the pro-Israel movement, they will tell you the bedrock of that is the evangelical Christian community in this country. In fact, the folks who have been walking away are liberal Jews, who are walking away from Israel, not conservative Christians. Watch: Meanwhile, Hillary Clinton tagged Trump s @POTUS account and condemned the attacks.JCC threats, cemetery desecration & online attacks are so troubling & they need to be stopped. Everyone must speak out, starting w/ @POTUS.  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) February 21, 2017Santorum needs to be reminded that Barack Obama is no longer the President. #ThanksObama!Featured image via screen capture. ",0
2444," WATCH: CIA Operative Resigns In Disgust, Torches ‘Delusional’ Trump in EPIC Rant","The people who actually know what is at stake when it comes to national security under a Trump administration are not happy at all. That would be the likely reason for the unprecedented number of leaks coming from within the government regarding the Trump White House and the activities therein. One such person is long time CIA Operative and National Security Council Spokesman Edward Price.Price wrote an absolutely scathing indictment of Trump in the Washington Post regarding his inability to continue to work in the intelligence community with Trump as Commander-in-Chief, and even put out a video revealing what he thinks of the person currently leading the nation as well. While noting that he has been proudly serving his country for years regardless of which party controlled the White House, Price noted how Trump s issues go beyond anything he has seen before and could ever tolerate: I watched in disbelief when, during the third presidential debate, Trump casually cast doubt on the high-confidence conclusion of our 17 intelligence agencies, released that month, that Russia was behind the hacking and release of election-related emails. On the campaign trail and even as president-elect, Trump routinely referred to the flawed 2002 assessment of Iraq s weapons programs as proof that the CIA couldn t be trusted   even though the intelligence community had long ago held itself to account for those mistakes and Trump himself supported the invasion of Iraq. Price then went on to go all in on Trump s disgraceful comments in front of the CIA Memorial Wall, where he should have been there to thank the intelligence community s officers for keeping us safe, and to honor those who so bravely did in the line of duty in service to all of us. Instead, Trump relitigated his election victory, and boasted about crowd sizes and criticized the press. Price says of that event: Trump s actions in office have been even more disturbing. His visit to CIA headquarters on his first full day in office, an overture designed to repair relations, was undone by his ego and bluster. Standing in front of a memorial to the CIA s fallen officers, he seemed to be addressing the cameras and reporters in the room, rather than the agency personnel in front of them, bragging about his inauguration crowd the previous day. Whether delusional or deceitful, these were not the remarks many of my former colleagues and I wanted to hear from our new commander in chief. Finally, Price gives us the straw that really broke the camel s back for him, the way Trump elevated white supremacist Steve Bannon on the NSC:The final straw came late last month, when the White House issued a directive reorganizing the National Security Council, on whose staff I served from 2014 until earlier this year. Missing from the NSC s principals committee were the CIA director and the director of national intelligence. Added to the roster: the president s chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, who cut his teeth as a media champion of white nationalism. It is great to see good patriots like Edward Price coming out so bravely and saying what needs to be said: That Trump is unfit to be president, and is making dangerous and reckless decisions as Commander-in-Chief. We can only hope that there is some mechanism in place for these good people to be able to refuse reckless orders from this clearly mentally ill narcissist who belongs in the nut house rather than in the White House.Watch Edward Price scorch Trump in absolutely epic form below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
2445, Ann Coulter Gets Roasted ALIVE After Horrible Defense Of GOP Pedophile Milo Yiannopoulos (TWEETS),"If you spent your weekend vacationing under a rock, you may be unaware that  alt-Right  (that means  Nazi in a suit ) superstar Milo Yan Yann Yiann whatever the fuck his name is was busted in resurfaced videos saying that it s totally kosher for  older men  to have sex with children as long as they are 13 and have gone through puberty  something he falsely claims is normal in the  homosexual world. The Breitbart editor had a pretty sweet book deal and was set to headline the annual Stupid People Convention (CPAC for short)   but he lost both because of those goddamn liberals, according to conservative commentator and parttime scarecrow Ann Coulter. Well, Milo learned HIS lesson. Pederasty acceptable only for refugees and illegals. Then libs will support you,  Coulter tweeted Monday night.Well, Milo learned HIS lesson. Pederasty acceptable only for refugees and illegals. Then libs will support you.  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) February 21, 2017Now, of course no one has said pederasty is acceptable for anyone, let alone refugees and  illegals, but that seems to be what we re going with here. Those damned liberals at CPAC took everything away from Milo all because he indicated that he likes them really young. Naturally, Twitter wasn t about to let Skeletor get away with defending pedophilia:@AnnCoulter, wait are you saying you support pederasty?  Colonel Lingus (@colonel_lingus) February 21, 2017@AnnCoulter Well that may be one of the most hateful, vial tweets I've ever read. Do you know the definition of the term refugee?  Mark Schick (@synikol6) February 21, 2017@AnnCoulter either you are repulsed by what Milo has done, or you are normalizing his pedophilia. Please choose wisely.  USC (@AlumniUSC) February 21, 2017@AnnCoulter Please shut your stupid mouth forever.  Thor Benson (@thor_benson) February 21, 2017@AnnCoulter Odd how the alt-right is outraged at FAKE Comet Pizza, but supportive of one of their own caught on tape supporting it. SAD!  Sy Beck (@sy_beck) February 21, 2017@veelabgm @AnnCoulter No one is ok with this. Pls stop being insulting. It's not political. No one should be ok with this.  KT (@kattracy) February 21, 2017@aristocratssoul @AnnCoulter 13. Just past puberty. With adults.  KT (@kattracy) February 21, 2017@AnnCoulter delete your account  Danny Slavich (@DannySlavich) February 21, 2017@AnnCoulter How often do you have to consume human flesh in order to subsist? #ghoulquestions  B.C. Fortenberry (@bcfortenberry) February 21, 2017.@AnnCoulter How about doing what a human would, say his comments are repugnant and move on. You can't help yourself can you girlfriend? pic.twitter.com/5qTd44TBpZ  Howard Sherman (@hsherman) February 21, 2017@AnnCoulter Not surprised to see you're tacitly okay with Milo fucking kids.  An angry monkey (@SageMonkeyMafia) February 21, 2017@AnnCoulter So republicans were ok with raping 13 yr olds, right? It was liberals who got Milo booted? Just checking.#ExGOP#NeverGoBack  Ex-GOP Laura (@PolticalAtheist) February 21, 2017.@AnnCoulter nice job defending and condoning child molestation, kudos to you #miloyiannopolus  Shahriar Chowdhury (@ShahChowdhury21) February 21, 2017.@AnnCoulter Where your heart is supposed to be is a vile, black rottenness   no one loves you, do they  TenneyNaumer (@TenneyNaumer) February 21, 2017It s interesting that conservatives are up in arms over a fake story about a child prostitution ring run by Hillary Clinton out of the basement of a Washington, D.C. area pizza shop that doesn t even have a basement yet when one of their own literally says it s totally cool to molest children they re all like \_( )_/ .Here s a video of Milo saying this completely acceptable stuff for which liberals are persecuting him completely unfairly:Featured image via screengrab",0
2446, Mark Zuckerberg Brutally SHAMES Trump For Calling The Media America’s ‘Enemy’,"Recently, President Bannon s underling, Donald Trump, called the American news media  the enemy of the American people  in a quickly-deleted tweet.Obviously, this did not go over well, given that there are very few leaders who have classified the press as the enemy of the people and none of them were or are nice people.As most of us mock  Easy D for his transparent effort to delegitimize all but himself and his approved (friendly) news sources, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg managed to shame Trump in the most classy way possible   and he didn t even have to mention The Donald by name.On Monday, Zuckerberg posted that he and his wife Priscilla had spent their day stopping by local newspapers in Alabama where  the folks there were working hard over President s Day weekend to keep their communities informed. It seems like a good time to say thank you to all the journalists around the world who work tirelessly and sometimes put their lives in danger to surface the truth,  Zuckerberg continues.  I don t always agree with everything you say, but that s how democracy is supposed to work. In other words, he doesn t scream  FAKE NEWS  every time someone reported unflattering information about him. I know I join many people in America and across the world in thanking you for your work,  Zuckerberg confluded. He even posted a lovely photo of the two of them in front of the Selma Times-Journal.(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Today Priscilla and I stopped by some local newspapers as we drove through Alabama. The folks there were working hard Posted by Mark Zuckerberg on Monday, February 20, 2017The media is not the enemy. Trump is. The sooner we all realize that the better.Featured image via Getty Images (David Ramos)/screengrab",0
2447, Breitbart Star Just Lost His Precious Book Deal After HORRIFYING Suggestion That Child Abuse Is Okay,"It looks like Breitbart superstar Milo Yiannopoulos  15 minutes of fame has ended after a teensy weensy little pro-pedophilia video has surfaced. We get hung up on this sort of child abuse stuff to the point where we are heavily policing consensual adults,  Yiannopoulos can be heard saying during a podcast, adding that it s normal in the  homosexual world  (it s not) for young boys and older men to have  relationships :In the homosexual world, particularly, some of those relationships between younger boys and older men   the sort of  coming of age  relationship   those relationships in which those older men help those young boys discover who they are and give them security and safety and provide them with love and a reliable, sort of rock, where they can t speak to their parents.According to Yiannopoulos, 13-year-old boys are  sexually mature  people who can have  relationships,  which are  positive experiences,  with older men. During the interview, the Trump supporter and (until recently) CPAC headliner explained that he  is advocating  for man-on-child sex.Here is a longer cut where Milo Yiannopoulos says that he ""is advocating"" for legal sex between 13 year olds! & older men. #CPAC2017 pic.twitter.com/1fiuv7TSKs  The Reagan Battalion (@ReaganBattalion) February 19, 2017Though CPAC leadership has always been perfectly fine with Yiannopoulos claiming that Donald Trump grabbing women by the pussy isn t sexual assault and all the other horrific things he says and does, the conservative icon was disinvited following  the revelations about what sort of person he is. Even the vile white supremacists at Breitbart have decided that he might have gone too far   and these are the people who worked under President Steve Bannon!But what probably hurts most about all this for Milo, who calls Donald Trump  daddy,  is that he lost his precious book deal. Publisher Simon & Schuster announced Monday that Milo s precious book isn t happening anymore: After careful consideration, Simon & Schuster and its Threshold Editions imprint have cancelled publication of  Dangerous  by Milo Yiannopoulos. He s not taking this well. after apologizing for calling the 13-year-old boys he referenced  boys  rather than  young men,  the normally boisterous right-wing figure was reduced to simple sentences whining about what  his pedophilia advocacy has cost him:(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));They canceled my book.Posted by Milo Yiannopoulos on Monday, February 20, 2017 because he s the real victim here:(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));I've gone through worse. This will not defeat me.Posted by Milo Yiannopoulos on Monday, February 20, 2017Milo would complain on Twitter, but he has been banned from that platform ever since he led a racist mob attack on Saturday Night Live s Leslie Jones.Sadly, he probably will get through this given the enthusiastic response from conservatives, who don t care if Milo thinks it s OK to molest children:       Sorry, Milo   the free market has spoken, and its invisible hand slapped you across the face.Featured image via screengrab",0
2448, Milo Might Have Gone Too Far This Time – Even For Breitbart (DETAILS),"Right-wing provocateur, Neo-Nazi, all around douchebag and Breitbart News editor Milo Yiannopoulos is finally getting his comeuppance for being a terrible human being. It seems that even the internet hellhole of misogynists, anti-Semites, racists, white supremacists, and other assorted bigots that is Breitbart has had enough of Milo since he came under fire for videos in which he openly defended pederasty. These revelations got him banned from speaking at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC), and now it seems that they may even cost him his job.The Hill is reporting that Milo s fellow employees at Breitbart are disgusted by his remarks, and a fair number of them are threatening to leave the company if Milo isn t given his walking papers. An unnamed senior editor leaked to the Washingtonian that Milo has been a problem for some time now, and that this is the straw that breaks the camel s back for  at least half a dozen  Breitbart employees: The fact of the matter is that there s been so many things that have been objectionable about Milo over the last couple of years, quite frankly. This is something far more sinister. If the company isn t willing to act, there are at least half a dozen people who are willing to walk out over it. Talking abut young boys and somehow seeking to ameliorate concerns over young boys  relationships with older men I m pretty sure everyone in the company would vomit upon hearing these words. What right-thinking person doesn t feel sick to their stomach when hearing something like that? Granted, considering the filth that is printed at Breitbart and the types of people who frequent the place, this reaction to Milo s defense of the indefensible here is hardly something that redeems them. But, at the end of the day, if Milo is shunned from polite society and has all of his platforms taken away, it s better for society as a whole. If he s too much for Breitbart, chances are he s too much for any other outlet or news network as well.UPDATE: It is also being reported that Simon & Schuster will not be publishing Milo s book, Dangerous.Simon & Schuster is canceling the publication of 'Dangerous' by Milo Yiannopoulos ""After careful consideration."" Full story coming soon.  Publishers Weekly (@PublishersWkly) February 20, 2017Here is the statement from the publisher:Statement: After careful consideration @simonschuster and its @threshold_books have cancelled publication of Dangerous by Milo Yiannopoulos  (((Adam Rothberg))) (@AdamRothberg) February 20, 2017Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
2449," Mike Pence Breaks Silence, Responds To Being ‘Misled’ By Trump Team And Flynn (VIDEO)","After suffering the massively humiliating experience of being led on by the White House over former National Security Advisor General Michael Flynn, Vice President Mike Pence has finally broken his silence and shared his feelings over being made to look like a total idiot in front of America.On Monday in Brussels, Pence spoke alongside the NATO Security General, where he was asked the one question he probably didn t want to answer. The Associated Press  Ken Thomas flat-out asked Pence if he felt misled by the Trump administration over Flynn s communications with Russia, particularly after Pence viciously defended Flynn in January. Thomas asked: Do you feel like your were misled by members of the Trump administration or were you frustrated that you were left out of the loop on this situation, and what assurances have you received from President Trump that something like this will not happen again? He may be spending a lot of time with Trump, but Pence has not yet learned how to distract, lie, and bullsh*t his way out of answering questions like his boss yet. Pence gave a measured, careful response, but ultimately revealed that he had been let down. The former governor of Indiana said: Let me say I m very grateful for the close working relationship I have with the President of the United States and I would tell you that I was disappointed to learn that the facts that have been conveyed to me by General Flynn were inaccurate. Pence also addressed Flynn s resignation, where he gave another cautious response: We honor General Flynn s long service to the United States of America, and I fully support the president s decision to ask for his resignation I have great confidence in the national security team of this administration moving forward. You can watch Pence squirm below:Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
2450, CPAC Cowards Run For The Hills As Milo Pedophilia Controversy Heats Up (IMAGES),"Conservatives once again show that their sense of  morality  is really only dependent upon which way the political tide is blowing. First, they had proudly defended their decision to invite Alt-Right (read: Neo-Nazi) darling Milo Yiannopoulos to the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) as a star speaker. Now, Milo has said MANY things that are reprehensible to any decent person, regardless of political leanings. He has been openly racist, misogynist, otherwise bigoted, and has just generally been an all around trolling degenerate. That was no secret. But still, he was A-OKAY with the good folks who run the right-wing s biggest event of the year.However, right-wingers are cowards. When things get too hot, they run away like cockroaches. That is what has happened now that Milo has been caught on tape advocating for and defending pederasty. Given the obvious and understandable public outcry here, the CPAC folks have dropped Milo like a hot rock. Right-wing mouthpiece and leading CPAC organizer Matt Schlap tweeted the following announcement regarding his newfound rejection of Milo:""@ACUConservative has decided to rescind the invitation of Milo Yiannopoulos to speak at #CPAC2017."" pic.twitter.com/sVWGnPCW7C  Matt Schlapp (@mschlapp) February 20, 2017Of course, Milo has put up his own super defensive Facebook post regarding the matter:This seems to be a bit too far for even some of his rabid fans, though. Here are just a few responses Milo received on that post: And that s just for starters. Unfortunately, there are a lot of blind defenders there as well, and others who are off on a tangent about how LGBTQ rights led to the sorts of views that Milo holds. Either way, Milo has gone way too far this time. The sad part is that he is now mainstream as far as conservatives go now. The Alt-Right IS the current face of the GOP under Donald Trump. It just took this revelation for the folks at CPAC to realize that   or rather, it took media attention and political pressure for them to care. Sad, but true.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
2451, Trump Tweets His Dumbest ‘Sweden’ Garbage Yet And Gets Torn APART By The Internet (TWEETS)," I m sorry I lied.  Those four magic words would have done a lot to prove to the American people that he is, indeed, capable of taking some small step toward redeeming himself after his administration s third fake terrorist attack. Unfortunately, this is Donald Trump we re talking about and he will not be deterred from believing whatever crazy bullshit he decides to believe at any given moment   not by facts, not by reality, and certainly not by those goddamn Swedes.Trump recently baffled the world by referencing a terrorist attack in Sweden that didn t happen after misremembering a Fox News report. Trump didn t say what happened (though we imagine the perpetrators of the Bowling Green and Atlanta massacres are behind it), but if there was a  three strikes and you re out  rule when it comes to an administration completely making up f*cking massacres Trump d be  out.  Nevertheless, he just kept banging away at Sweden on Monday morning. Give the public a break   The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully,  he tweeted, adding (because he s twelve)  NOT! Give the public a break   The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 20, 2017So, what s happening in Sweden? The Independent reports that immigration has helped ful the largest economic boon Sweden has seen in five years:The Swedish government, whose policies saw the country take in more refugees per capita than any other in Europe last year, helped lower unemployment rates by increased spending on welfare for asylum seekers from war torn countries like Syria, Afghanistan and Iraq.The move helped the Nordic region s largest economy expand 4.5 percent on an annual basis in the fourth quarter of 2015, the most in almost five years and more than twice the growth of Germany, according to Bloomberg.Increased consumer spending and borrowing and high house prices also contributed to the boom which, although projected to fade, has consolidated Sweden as one of Europe s success stories.Also, a moose fell in love.Trump s decision to continue babbling about Sweden (and, of course, the L genpresse FAKE NEWS) led to widespread mockery:.@realDonaldTrump Sweden is even confused by your allegations.  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) February 20, 2017.@realDonaldTrump are you the president of Sweden now?  Roland Scahill (@rolandscahill) February 20, 2017@realDonaldTrump But you said there was an incident on Friday. There wasn't. That was weird.  Evan Dashevsky (@haldash) February 20, 2017.@realDonaldTrump It's almost like the US has no President   we are a rudderless ship heading for a major disaster. Good luck everyone! pic.twitter.com/KJ2fFWQPxd  Khary Penebaker (@kharyp) February 20, 2017.@realDonaldTrump You are the one making up FAKE NEWS saying that Sweden is falling apart because of Immigration. The Swedes know better  Donald Trump Exposed (@DTrumpExposed) February 20, 2017@realdonaldtrump Actually, they re just saying you lied about a terrorist incident there. Which you did, Donald.  Dan Howdle (@DanHowdle) February 20, 2017@realDonaldTrump don't you dare talk about fake news when you claimed an actual event happened three nights ago  Impeach Donald Trump (@Impeach_D_Trump) February 20, 2017@realDonaldTrump We cannot let the Viking hordes succeed!  Erich McElroy (@erichmcelroy) February 20, 2017I dunno, @realdonaldtrump   Sweden looks pretty gd to me  (you do have Google Search on the your Android phone, right?) pic.twitter.com/H0ABlbhsFc  boB Rudis (@hrbrmstr) February 20, 2017.@realDonaldTrump @jpublikYou've done it again.Apologies ( for lying ) usually include the words, ""sorry"", ""regret"" or ""apologise""  British Sceptic (@ElNuevoOtroMio2) February 20, 2017@realDonaldTrump dude, you're only making it worse.  Kristina Poe (@Kpoepoe) February 20, 2017@realDonaldTrump How many more fake terrorist attacks are you going to make up before you open the camps?  Patrick S. Tomlinson (@stealthygeek) February 20, 2017Trump s unabashed aversion to facts was troubling when he was leading a movement that thought Barack Obama was a Muslim Kenyan or suggesting that vaccines cause autism or even when he was leading  lock her up  chants as his rabid followers called for Hillary Clinton s death. But now he s President. He has the power to destroy every relationship the United States has built with his ridiculous statements, arrogance, and f*cking moronic tweets.featured image via Getty Images(Alex Wong)/screengrab",0
2452, MSNBC Host Drops BOMBSHELL On Real ‘Enemy’ To America; Trump PISSED (VIDEO),"Even from the beginning of his hate-fueled, bigoted presidential campaign, it was obvious that Donald Trump did not give a damn about America and the values the country was built upon. Trump has carried this anti-American attitude straight into his failing, undeserved presidency   and yet he has the nerve to call the media the  enemy of the American people  because of unfavorable coverage.Despite how many distractions Trump tries to create to hide his failures and f*ckups, we shouldn t forget who the real threat to America is   and MSNBC host Joe Scarborough wasn t afraid to point it out. Earlier today, Scarborough called out Trump s attacks on the media, calling it the real enemy because it might encourage violence against the journalists who are reporting the truth about Trump.On Morning Joe, Scarborough echoed the comments of Republican senator John McCain, who said that Trump s attack on the media sounded like a dictator and that he had gone too far. Scarborough ripped Trump: It s one thing to say the press is liberal, it s one thing to say the 9th Circuit (Court) is liberal, but when you start saying that somebody is an enemy of the people, then that does incite people to violence   especially if it s coming from the president of the United States. Scarborough revealed that thanks to Trump, journalists are now getting death threats on a daily basis just for telling the truth about the Trump administration, putting their lives in danger. When you receive tweets every day, and somebody s threatening your life and they talk about lynching you and your family after President Trump has his way with the media, this happens over and over again, and I don t think there s anybody who s in the media that doesn t hear that every day. So yeah, this is very, very dangerous. Scarborough also nailed Trump on his  fake news  tantrums, noting the irony that Trump and his team are the most dishonest administration we ve ever seen. Most recently, Trump even made up a completely bogus terrorist attack! Scarborough said: As Jesus said, don t throw stones if you live in glass houses. This man lives in the biggest glass house there is when it comes to a disconnection from truth. So to attack the media and then say they re enemies of the people is beyond the pale. And if Trump thought that attacking the press was going to shut the media down, Scarborough gave him a brutal reality check: Let s talk about things in a way that Donald Trump can understand   ratings   and let s just put it all out on the table. Everybody s ratings are up, newspaper subscriptions at the New York Times are exploding, the Washington Post doing better than it s ever done before. CNN   from the day that Donald Trump called them fake news, CNN s numbers have exploded. Donald Trump has been Jeff Zucker s   you can tell they ve been great friends for a very long time, because there is nothing Donald Trump could do to help CNN more. They re enjoying record numbers. You can watch Scarborough rip Trump below: Featured image via screenshot and Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
2453, ‘Let’s Not Be Fake News’: Trump Trolled HARD By Swedish Newspaper,"Amateur president Donald Trump routinely propagates fake news while deflecting from major scandals surrounding his chaotic administration. During his ego-rally in Florida Saturday, Trump fabricated a terror attack in Sweden, which he said happened on Friday night. That, of course, never happened. Trump s lie certainly caught officials in Sweden off guard. The the Swedish embassy in Washington has asked the U.S. State Department for an explanation of Trump s claim. The Internet thoroughly mocked Trump s remarks, and considering it was the third fabricated terror attack from team Trump, it was well deserved. And now, a Swedish newspaper is trolling Trump, too.Since Trump said the attack happened  last night  in Sweden, the English-language newspaper, Aftonbladet, used those words to publish a list of what did happen  last night  in their country. The article also includes a video of Trump s remarks at the rally. On Sunday Trump clarified on Twitter that he was not referring to a specific event, but to a Fox News story broadcasted Friday evening,  the paper writes. Anyway, Mr President, here is what happened in Sweden Friday night,  it continues.The list:3:24 PM (local time): A man set himself on fire at Sergels torg, a plaza in central Stockholm. He was taken to the hospital with severe burns. There is so far no information on his motives but the intelligence service is not part of the investigation.6:42 PM: The famous singer Owe Th rnqvist had some technical problems during rehearsal for the singing competition  Melodifestivalen . (However, the 87 year old singer still managed to secure the victory the very next day.)8:23 PM: A man died in hospital, after an accident in the workplace earlier that day in the city of Bor s.8:46 PM: Due to harsh weather in the northern parts of Sweden the road E10 was closed between Katterj kk and Riksgr nsen. Due to strong winds and snow in the region the Met office also issued an avalanche warning.12:17 AM: Police officers initiated a chase for a fleeing Peugeot through central parts of the Swedish capital of Stockholm. The pursuit ended in police officers ramming the suspect at Engelbrektsgatan. The driver is now accused of driving under the influence, traffic violation and car theft.IN LIGHTER NEWS: 11:23 AM: Ok, let s not be fake news, this story took place in the autumn, but was reported Friday before lunch and we thought you would like it. A wooden moose got the attention of a lovesick moose bull. It all happened in 79 year old Ove Lindqvist s garden in Byske outside Skellefte , northern Sweden.  I thought it was going to start a fight, instead it humped the wooden moose thrice , he said.Trump was just trolled hard on   wait for it   Presidents Day.Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images.",0
2454, Mexico Just RUINED Donald Trump’s Plans In The Best Way Possible,"Trump likes trying to bully Mexico, even claiming that he will force them to pay for his stupid wall by making the  rapists  and  drug dealers  down there pay a 20 percent tax on goods exported to the United States. Mexico has been very clear that there is no interest in engaging in Donald Trump s ridiculous plan   but the government recently sent Trump a very clear message about what he (and America) has to lose if he persists with this madness. The Globe and Mail reports that a Mexican cabinet minister has revealed Mexico s plan to stop The Donald. If you tax that $50bn [trade defecit] at 20 percent of imports   which is by the way a practice that 160 other countries do   right now our country s policy is to tax exports and let imports flow freely in, which is ridiculous. By doing it that way we can do $10bn a year and easily pay for the wall just through that mechanism alone. That s really going to provide the funding,  Trump s mouthpiece Sean Spicer said in January while explaining how the wall would be funded. There is so much at stake for the interest of the U.S. as a country,  Mexico s Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo said in an interview, adding that the country could stop cooperating on security and intelligence, migration control, and drug enforcement: We have been a great ally to fight problems with migration, narcotics   If at some point in time things become so badly managed in the relationship, the incentives for the Mexican people to keep on co-operating in things that are at the heart of [U.S.] national-security issues will be diminished.You cannot ask me to [accept poor] conditions in terms of trade and then request my help to manage migration issues from other nations or   the prosecution of criminal activities and narcotics. Right now there are many more Mexicans coming back than there are leaving and the great challenge is the flows of every other nationality coming through Mexico,  Guajardo says, noting that Mexico detained 330,000 Central Americans in the last two years alone and would likely be very willing to stop helping in that regard if a certain orange someone gave them a reason. The Globe notes that the program  has been criticized by Mexican human rights organizations because it has little or no security benefit for Mexico, and contravenes obligations Mexico has as a signatory to international convention on the rights of migrants and refugees. Simply put, Guajardo seems to be perfectly happy to  allow the migrants to proceed north on the train and bus routes they used to take unhindered to the northern border.  In addiction, Mexico could stop allowing our agents to screen migrants, which would damage our national security. So there are many things at stake that cannot be undervalued or undermined,  Mr. Guajardo said. And that s why my President, with the principles that he gave us for these bilateral dealings, he was very clear in saying that this negotiation has to be figured out with all items considered.  He adds that Trump s rhetoric  can have a damaging consequence  and  it will be very foolish to continue. Featured image via Getty Images (Chip Somodevilla)/screengrab",0
2455," There WAS A Terror Attack In Sweden Recently, But Trump Won’t Like Who The Terrorists Were","Trump drew international attention again by claiming there was a terror attack in Sweden on the night of Feb. 17. To cover his gross lie, he tweeted today that his remarks were in reference to something Fox News reported, which is either just another lie, or a gross misunderstanding of a documentary Fox News aired. But it seems that there really was a terror attack in Sweden recently, in a city called Gothenburg.The suspected terrorists in this attack were Neo-Nazis, and they attacked a refugee center in Gothenburg with a homemade bomb last month. One person was seriously injured in the attack.Swedish intelligence said that the attack was linked to two others in Gothenburg, and appeared to be politically motivated, which isn t shocking if the terrorists were white Neo-Nazis, and members of a white supremacist group known as the Nordic Resistance Movement. They openly preach anti-Semitism and racism, and they oppose non-white immigration into Sweden.Hmmm. That sounds an awful lot like all the white supremacists here in the U.S. who support Trump.Sweden has taken in more refugees per capita than anyone else in Europe in 2016, despite imposing border controls in the middle of the year. What we have now, however, are white supremacists attacking a refugee center. Trump wants to blame refugees for terror attacks all across Europe, but that doesn t work when the terrorists are white Neo-Nazis.This is how this administration operates, though. Tell a lie, make a wild accusation, or say or do something equally outrageous, watch it get debunked or solidly smacked down, and then double down on it by either blaming it on faulty information or sticking by it anyway. And they won t acknowledge terror attacks that don t fit their anti-Muslim narrative.Featured image by Olivier Douliery via Getty Images",0
2456, That Moment Conservative Star Milo Yiannopoulos Said It’s OK For ‘Older Men’ To Have Sex With Children (VIDEO),"If you have not yet heard, alt-Right (that means Nazi) scumbag Milo Yiannopoulos will be headlining the annual Stupid People Convention (CPAC) this year. But did you know he totally thinks it s OK for grown men to f*ck kids? We get hung up on this sort of child abuse stuff to the point where we are heavily policing consensual adults,  Yiannopoulos can be heard saying in a recently-surfaced video before giving his  controversial  viewpoint that grown men having sex with middle schoolers is perfectly normal and should be accepted: In the homosexual world, particularly, some of those relationships between younger boys and older men   the sort of  coming of age  relationship   those relationships in which those older men help those young boys discover who they are and give them security and safety and provide them with love and a reliable, sort of rock, where they can t speak to their parents. To be clear, this may be what Yiannopoulos considers normal, but it is not not in the  homosexual world  or anywhere else. It sounds like molestation to me,  an unnamed person replies.  It sounds like Catholic priest molestation to me. But you know what? I m grateful for Father Michael. I wouldn t give nearly such good head if it wasn t for him,  Yiannopoulos joked, because it s funny to joke about molesting children now, apparently. He went on to explain that such relationships are not pedophilia because 13-year-old children are  sexually mature,  adding that these  relationships  can be  hugely positive experiences  for the kids. In the interview, Yiannopoulos makes it clear that he  is advocating  for those sorts of  relationships    not just playing devil s advocate.Here s the video:But it gets creepier. In a separate interview with Joe Rogan, Milo explains that he once attended a Hollywood party where  very young boys  were kept around for sex   a party similar to the one at which Donald Trump allegedly raped a 13-year-old girl.After the audio and video surfaced, Yiannopoulos responded, claiming that it s all fake:There s a video going around that purports to show me saying anti-semitic things (nope) and advocating for pedophilia (big nope). The shocking thing? It s Republicans doing it. Sad to see establishment types collapse into the same tactics as social justice warriors: name calling, deceptively edited videos, confected moral outrage and public shaming. This is why they deserve to burn   and why they are burning. Here s how I actually feel about pedophilia, which you d know if you d actually watched or read anything I ve ever done. Or, you know, if you had two brain cells to rub together. There s only one appropriate response to this sort of behavior, and it s a gigantic F**K YOU!Suuure, Milo. Sure. F*ck off.featured image via screengrab",0
2457, Donald Trump Responds To Mockery Over Fake Swedish Attack – Prepare To Laugh Your A** Off,"Last night, at a rally in Melbourne, Florida, Trump was trying to build more fear of brown people in his base of loyalists by referencing a completely imaginary terror attack in Sweden. Since then, he s received an earful from the former Prime Minister of Sweden, prompted questions from confused Swedes, and social media has been abuzz with mockery of the imaginary attack, too.One would have expected Trump to respond fairly quickly, since he s now formally joined the ranks of Kellyanne Conway and Sean Spicer when it comes to fake terror attacks, but he didn t. He waited until this afternoon to respond, and it s extremely laughable:My statement as to what s happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants & Sweden.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 19, 2017Yes, sure, by all means, let s call this debacle Fox News  fault and completely ignore the words that actually spewed forth from his mouth: You look at what s happening last night in Sweden. Sweden! Who would believe this? Sweden! They took in large numbers. They re having problems that they never thought possible. Twitter, meanwhile, is positively gleeful in their mockery of the liar of liars for another egregious lie:@realDonaldTrump  none of which referred to anything that happened two nights ago.  Alex Zalben (@azalben) February 19, 2017.@realDonaldTrump  I apologize. I will hold myself to provide a more clear and accurate respresentation of my beliefs in future speeches.  Will McAvoy (@WillMcAvoyACN) February 19, 2017@realDonaldTrump Hey, dumbass. What happened in Sweden? Nothing. That s what. FAKE NEWS! pic.twitter.com/PR4Cu42mbb  The Socialist Party (@OfficialSPGB) February 19, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Of course it fucking was.  Mark Pygas (@MarkPygas) February 19, 2017@realDonaldTrump You said  last night in Sweden . Don t retract. You are fake news for the unintelligent.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) February 19, 2017You are fake news, Mr. So-Called President.#swedenincident #iamamuslimtoo #FuckYouBitch https://t.co/MGOL0oWFPs  Jade Helm Commander (@Anomaly100) February 19, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Who needs the intelligence community when there is Fox News?  Simon Hedlin (@simonhedlin) February 19, 2017Here s someone who was a likely witness to the imaginary attack, since reports say Swedish fish were everywhere at the scene:@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews pic.twitter.com/bGk4nMmc5e  Mike Denison (@mikd33) February 19, 2017@mikd33 @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews These fish are clearly terrorists.  Austin Braun (@AustinOnSocial) February 19, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews pic.twitter.com/dYPgcgHhmo  #TheResistance (@AynRandPaulRyan) February 19, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews pic.twitter.com/hoF53staXG  #TheResistance (@AynRandPaulRyan) February 19, 2017@realDonaldTrump Also, is @foxandfriends your new National Security Advisor?  Evan Dashevsky (@haldash) February 19, 2017@realDonaldTrump  oh I saw it on TV, people told me this  instead of being responsible for what comes out of his mouth.  Erick Fernandez (@ErickFernandez) February 19, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews OK time to have a chat again, so tell President Emperor Bannon you need a smoke break. This will take a bit.  Kevin (@TheKevinDent) February 19, 2017@realDonaldTrump So you blindly spout whether @FoxNews tells you to? It s pathetic, not to mention awfully irresponsible, 45.  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) February 19, 2017Here s what someone who appears to be in Sweden has to say:@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews There is no migrant crisis in Sweden. We have free health care, free education, a functioning welfare system. ??  Ines Helene (@inihelene) February 19, 2017How embarrassing. You re hopelessly confused. Sad! @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/2mRZAjuj6f  Charles Johnson (@Green_Footballs) February 19, 2017Um @erichmcelroy is @realDonaldTrump now trying to blame @FoxNews? I thought we could trust them!  Mark Machado (@MarkMachado) February 19, 2017 Maybe, just as a change of pace and maybe to keep all of us on our toes, he should actually take responsibility for what he says and apologize. But what are we talking about? Trump is one of the worst pathological liars in the long, sad history of pathological liars.Featured image by Joe Raedle via Getty Images",0
2458, #RESISTANCE Organizers Have An AMAZING New Anti-Trump Campaign; Trump Will Be FURIOUS (IMAGES),"If there is anything that really gets under Donald Trump s skin, it is people questioning his authority and his legitimacy as president. This is the reason that he keeps making up claims of fake voter fraud whenever anyone points out the fact that Hillary Clinton won the popular vote by close to three million. It is also why he took such exception to Saturday Night Live portraying his chief strategist, former Breitbart News head Stephen K. Bannon, as the real president.Well, that narrative has been taken to a whole other level by #RESISTANCE organizers. They, like anyone sane, realizes that Bannon has an unusual amount of power in the Trump White House. That is troubling, considering that Bannon is a white supremacist who also has said he wants to  destroy the state.  Therefore, the answer to this is to make sure that people understand that it is quite possibly Bannon, rather than Trump, calling the real shots up there in Washington.The new campaign has put signs in major cities around the nation that read,  Impeach President Bannon. Spotted in DC this morning   these are so newly posted the wheat paste is still wet. pic.twitter.com/pwTubJVFmu  Garance Franke-Ruta (@thegarance) February 19, 2017According to the people who organized the effort, their reasoning for doing so is the following: No one voted for Steve Bannon. Yet he is the de-facto 45th President of the United States. This could very well be true; after all, Trump has named Bannon to the National Security Council, all the while demoting the head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Director of National Intelligence. Further, it is pretty clear to anyone watching that Bannon has quite a bit of influence over Trump   so much so that TIME Magazine actually put Bannon on the cover instead of Trump, and called him  the great manipulator. As for the goals of this campaign? Well, there are a few possibilities, according to those behind it: Maybe we ll encourage an angry tweet or two. Maybe even get Trump to say his two favorite words to Bannon,  You re Fired.  We ll tune in. It ll be great for ratings. Hopefully, Trump s ego takes over on this one, and Bannon is out the door sooner rather than later. That would definitely be a win for #THERESISTANCE.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
2459, Republicans Attack NASA For Trying To Save Earth Instead Of Putting Space First,"Republicans don t seem to understand that Earth is the planet we live on.Donald Trump and his Republicans supporters in Congress are taking aim at any agency that studies climate change.Climate change has had a devastating impact on our planet. The ice sheets are melting as an unprecedented rate and sea level rise threatens to drown our coastlines, which includes Trump s Mar-a-Lago resort at Palm Beach, Florida.Furthermore, weather patterns have become more unpredictable and we are seeing more instances of major disastrous hurricanes, wildfires, droughts, etc Whether Republicans like it or not, humans have been the driving force behind climate change, and it will get even worse since Trump is giving oil, gas, coal and chemical companies the freedom to pollute more than ever before. Soon, our cities will be choked by smog and our waterways will be poisoned as global temperatures continue to rise because of all the carbon we pump into the air.That s why NASA s Earth Science Division exists to track and study climate change in order to find ways to slow it down or stop it and reverse it so that future generations of the human race can continue living on the planet. After all, we only have one planet to live on.But Republicans like Rep. Lamar Smith think NASA should make space their top priority even though Earth is far more important because without it we wouldn t be alive, and thus, unable to explore the universe.Smith wants to cut Earth Science from NASA s budget in an effort to stop the science agency from studying climate change. By rebalancing, I d like for more funds to go into space exploration; we re not going to zero out earth sciences,  Smith said.  Our weather satellites have been an immense help, for example, and that s from NASA, but I d like for us to remember what our priorities are, and there are another dozen agencies that study earth science and climate change, and they can continue to do that. Meanwhile, we only have one agency that engages in space exploration, and they need every dollar they can muster for space exploration. Actually, other agencies can t continue to study climate change because Trump and his team are preventing them from doing so. That, and the fact that many of these agencies do not have the budget that NASA has to study climate change effectively pretty much means Republicans are making it their mission to gut climate change research.Before taking office, Trump demanded that the Energy Department send a list of employees and labs connected to studying climate change. And Trump s nomination of Rick Perry to head the Energy Department and anti-science Oklahoma Republican Scott Pruitt make it clear that climate change research is about to be disappeared, which is why scientists are working overtime to download all information gathered on climate change before Trump s government deletes it.Also, saving the Earth should be our top priority right now. Space can wait and NASA is already preparing to eventually send people to Mars, so it s not like NASA is incapable of doing both. But Smith wants NASA to stop studying a man-made phenomenon that will destroy us if we don t do something to stop it all because he doesn t want to anger his oil and gas industry masters.This planet is facing an impending disaster the likes of which we have never seen before. Ignoring it won t make it go away and not preparing for the effects will result in a massive loss of life and the destruction of property. And Republicans will be the ones to blame.Featured image via NASA",0
2460, 70-Year-Old Man Reportedly Has ‘Cabin Fever’ After Only One Month On New Job,"Amateur president Donald Trump blasted rival Hillary Clinton while on the campaign trail as  low energy.  He said Clinton takes naps  and added,  No naps for Trump. I don t take naps. We don t have time!  Since that time, Trump has taken three vacations, gone an a thank you tour and on Saturday, he held a rally   less than a month after being sworn in. Trump is not handling the presidency very well. Adjusting to the most difficult job in the world hasn t been easy for the 70-year-old. This from a man who said in reference to ISIS,  I alone can fix it.  Perhaps Trump didn t really want the job. He did want adoration from his supporters, though.According to Axios  Mike Allen s latest newsletter, a Trump adviser told him that Trump is experiencing  cabin fever  in the White House.Business Insider reports:Trump is reportedly experiencing headaches and frustration that he can t spend his evenings dining at restaurants like he could around Trump Tower in his old neighborhood in New York City.Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders were both far more qualified for the job but Trump supporters thought bringing in a man with zero political experience was the way to go.Instead of doing his job, Trump held a campaign-style rally in Melbourne, Florida Saturday in which he filled his speech with lie after lie. That was just after he blasted the  fake news  media. By the way, he s given press credentials to a fake news site. Whatever Trump accuses someone of, he s guilty of that same thing.During the rally, Trump tried to defend his Muslim ban by fabricating a terror attack in Sweden which never happened.Allen writes that that blunder was  partially about Trump management.  That s three fake terror attacks team Trump has used to defend his travel ban of citizens from seven predominately Muslim countries, none of which committed an act of terror on U.S. soil.Trump is to spend Sunday interviewing candidates to replace Mike Flynn, the disgraced former national security adviser who was ousted over his conversations with a Russian ambassador about lifting sanctions.Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images.",0
2461, WATCH: Fox Host Chris Wallace Just SHREDDED Priebus’ Defense Of Trump’s ‘Enemies’ Tweet,"Reince Priebus appeared on Fox News Sunday and got his ass handed to him by Chris Wallace.On Friday, Donald Trump posted a tweet in which he referred to the media as an  enemy of the American people  just because they are reporting information provided to them by sources inside the government.Chaos and infighting have plagued Trump s administration and his inept handing of national security and his ties with Russia have caused some intelligence officials to withhold information from the White House out of fear that Russia will get it as well.Of course, Trump denies all of the reports, claiming that his administration is running smoothly and that while the leaks are real, the news about them is  fake. The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 17, 2017Basically, Trump accused the media of committing treason, a step closer to arresting journalists, something Wallace informed Priebus is what dictators do. We don t have a state-run media in this country,  Wallace said.  That s what they have in dictatorships. Priebus whined that the media is using anonymous sources in their reporting, which is what journalists do to protect their sources from reprisals. If the media were to name their sources you can bet that Trump would retaliate against that person or persons who are speaking to the press. In other words, he would silence them to make sure the American people never find out what he is really doing.In his denial of the reports, Priebus hypocritically used an anonymous source to make his claim, which drew a rebuke from Wallace.Priebus then whined that the media isn t covering what Trump wants them to cover. Wallace bluntly told him that he doesn t  get to tell us what to do  and the fact is that all of the networks covered the things Priebus mentioned. Priebus and Trump are just mad because their effort to distract the media isn t working. And as a nail in Priebus s coffin, Wallace humiliated him and Trump by pointing out that while President Obama often criticized Fox News, at least he didn t do what Trump is doing. You don t get to tell us what to do any more than Barack Obama did. Barack Obama whined about Fox News all the time, but I gotta say, he never said we were an enemy of the people. Here s the video via YouTube:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyipRvdPyLE&feature=youtu.beDonald Trump is the true enemy of our country. He opposes the free press and would rather the media be his propaganda machine. That s something that Putin has in Russia.This is a slippery slope towards state censorship and jailing journalists for doing their jobs. That can t be allowed to happen and that means this administration has to be put to an end before it s too late.Featured image via screenshot",0
2462, John McCain: Trump’s Attacks On The Press Are ‘How Dictators Get Started’ (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has declared the media to be  the enemy,  but John McCain has a stark warning about Trump s most recent declaration of war:  suppressing the free press  is  how dictators get started. During a Sunday morning interview on Meet the Press, the Republican senator told NBC s Chuck Todd that if we  want to preserve democracy,  then we have to have a free press. Period. I hate the press. I hate you especially,  McCain joked.  But the fact is we need you. We need a free press. We must have it. It s vital. If you want to preserve   I m very serious now   if you want to preserve democracy as we know it, you have to have a free and many times adversarial press,  McCain said.  And without it, I am afraid that we would lose so much of our individual liberties over time. That s how dictators get started. Trump went on a Twitter rant and attacked the free press yet again on Friday, declaring that the media  is the enemy of the American people. The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 17, 2017McCain said that while becoming a dictator isn t necessarily Trump s goal, he does think we need to look at history and learn from it to avoid making the same mistakes we have made in the past. And what history shows us is that dictators  get started by suppressing free press. In other words, a consolidation of power when you look at history, the first thing that dictators do is shut down the press. And I m not saying that President Trump is trying to be a dictator. I m just saying we need to learn the lessons of history. Here s the video:Featured image via video screen capture",0
2463, Reince Priebus Backs Trump’s Claim That The Media Is ‘The Enemy’ (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has declared war on the free press and his chief of staff apparently has his back. Appearing on Face the Nation this Sunday, Reince Priebus defended the tweeter in chief when it comes to his feud with the media.Trump has proclaimed the press to be  the enemy of the American people,  (through his Twitter account, of course) and Priebus thinks we should take this  seriously,  but for all the wrong reasons. CBS host John Dickerson asked Priebus about Trump naming the media the enemy in his tweet and the response he got was probably not what he was expecting. Well, I think you should take it seriously,  Priebus said.  I think that the problem we ve got is that we re talking about bogus stories like the one in the New York Times, that we ve had constant contact with Russian officials. The next day, the Wall Street Journal had a story that the intel community was not giving the president a full intelligence briefing. Both stories grossly inaccurate, overstated, overblown, and it s total garbage. The chief of staff continued, explaining that his biggest complaint about the media is their habit of protecting their sources and not outing them to the world. I think that the media should stop with this unnamed source stuff,  Priebus said.  Put names on a piece of paper and print it. If people aren t willing to put their name next to a quote, then the quote shouldn t be listed We re talking about stupidity and intelligence reporting that is based on facts that s not coming out of the actual heads of these intelligence agencies. And we re sitting here talking about it. And it s a shame. And it needs to end. Trump and his team are trying their best to convince the American people that the only place they can get the truth is from them. They are doing all they can to delegitimize the media and convince us that everything the press tells us is a lie. If the people don t trust the media, then there will be no one to bust them when the start spinning their  alternative facts  and this is precisely what the Trump administration wants.Here s the video:Featured image via video screen capture ",0
2464, Watergate Reporter Says Trump Is A ‘Dangerous Enemy Of The People’ Worse Than Nixon,"The Watergate scandal is considered one of the worst political scandals in American history, but Donald Trump has already done worse.Former President Richard Nixon lied to Congress and the American people repeatedly. He had an  enemies  list and tried to obstruct the investigation to cover up his involvement.Carl Bernstein is one of the reporters who broke the scandal wide open back in the 1970s. His reporting helped spur an investigation would would lead Nixon to resign rather than face being the first president ever removed from office via impeachment.And according to Bernstein, Trump is way worse than Nixon ever was.On Friday, Trump accused several media outlets of committing treason because they have relentlessly reported on Trump s chaotic administration. Thanks to leaks provided by staffers, the people know how Trump acts behind the curtain and what unconstitutional things he is planning to do.Trump, of course, hates the media for reporting the facts. So he called them  fake news  and the  enemy of the American people. The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 17, 2017Trump constantly lies every time he opens his mouth and the above tweet demonstrates that he has a list of enemies like Nixon did. Trump s ties with Russia have even become a major scandal, especially since Mike Flynn resigned in disgrace after contacting Russia about sanctions prior to President Obama leaving office and lying about it. Also, Russia hacked into the DNC on Trump s behalf to help him win the election, just as Nixon had people break into DNC Headquarters in 1972.On Saturday, Bernstein made it clear that Donald Trump is more dangerous and treacherous than Nixon.The most dangerous  enemy of the people  is presidential lying always. Attacks on press by @realDonaldTrump more treacherous than Nixon s.  Carl Bernstein (@carlbernstein) February 18, 2017Real news (not fake) is that @realDonaldTrump trying to make conduct of press the issue instead of egregious (and unhinged)conduct of POTUS.  Carl Bernstein (@carlbernstein) February 18, 2017When focus of press was on Hillary s server by same  fake news  orgs/ enemies of the people  cited by @realDonaldTrump he saw patriots.  Carl Bernstein (@carlbernstein) February 18, 2017Trump s hypocrisy, lies, shady deals with Russia and Putin, and war on the free press makes him an enemy of the people. He should not only be impeached, he should be tried and convicted of crimes against the United States and denied the protection of a presidential pardon. He should be in prison, not the White House.Featured image via Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
2465, Chelsea Clinton Just Lit Trump On FIRE Over His Stupid Swedish Massacre Claim (TWEETS),"The Trump administration has brought to our attention to multiple tragedies of which we were previously unaware in their effort to justify The Donald s attempt to ban Muslims from entering the country  first Kellyanne Conway s reminder of the totally real Bowling Green Massacre (her credibility was among the victims) that definitely happened, then Sean Spicer s Atlanta attack that was really real, and finally Donald Trump reminding us  what s happening last night in Sweden. Who would believe this? Sweden!  Trump told the crowd at his first campaign rally for the 2020 election (that for some reason is happening a month into his presidency).  They took in large numbers, they re having problems like they never thought possible. As it turns out, nothing actually happened in Sweden   nothing that would in any way support Trump s Muslim ban, anyway. A Swedish publication compiled a list of what went on in Sweden Friday night:So basically what s going on in Sweden right now is moose lovin . Sweden? Terror attack? What has he been smoking? Questions abound,  former Swedish Prime Minister Carl Bildt tweeted in response to Trump s stupidity.Sweden? Terror attack? What has he been smoking? Questions abound. https://t.co/XWgw8Fz7tj  Carl Bildt (@carlbildt) February 19, 2017Even Chelsea Clinton, daughter of The Donald s arch-nemesis and all-around badass, decided to have a bit of fun with the Idiot-in-Chief s Sweden flub.What happened in Sweden Friday night? Did they catch the Bowling Green Massacre perpetrators?  Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) February 19, 2017 What happened in Sweden Friday night? Did they catch the Bowling Green Massacre perpetrators?  Clinton tweeted. Naturally, her take on the Sweden situation is quite popular:.@ChelseaClinton we lost the Swedish Bikini team   horrible tragedy  Roland Scahill (@rolandscahill) February 19, 2017@ChelseaClinton It's not funny. Four unicorns almost lost their lives. FOUR! Pray for Sweden.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) February 19, 2017@ChelseaClinton I think so. I hear it was unpresidented.  Jody Ahern Bundrick (@Jody_Bundrick) February 19, 2017@ChelseaClinton Je Suis Ikea.  E (@esheikh_) February 19, 2017@ChelseaClinton This just in photo of Swedish Terrorist! pic.twitter.com/DPBGhsBXC8  Diane W (@BellaLuna_468) February 19, 2017@ChelseaClinton #lastnightinsweden carnage in this school pic.twitter.com/7az0gBIEjI  Jenny Lee (@ironmite) February 19, 2017Donald Trump and his team of white supremacists, bigots, and swamp creatures must think we re idiots.Featured image via Getty Images (Mark Wilson/Stephanie Keith)/screengrab",0
2466, Trump Gives Press Credentials To A Racist Blog That LITERALLY Publishes Fake News,"Gateway Pundit is a popular publication among white supremacists, which means it will fit right in with the Trump administration. The New York Times reports that The Donald has seen fit to grant the far-right website s Washington correspondent, Lucian B. Wintrich, press credentials, allowing him to attend White House press briefings and ask Sean Spicer questions.If Gateway Pundit sounds familiar to you, that s because the site s founder, Jim Hoft, was the source of the lie that Michael Brown fractured Officer Darren Wilson s eye socket before the Ferguson cop gunned him down in the street. Hoft claimed a stock photo of an x-ray (he removed citations from the bottom of the photo) was of Darren Wilson s alleged  orbital blowout fracture.  This literal fake news, as opposed to Trump s  fake news,  was repeated by Fox News and other right-wing sources. In reality, the officer was diagnosed with a small bruise.In November, Hoft claimed that Michelle Obama had deleted Hillary Clinton from her Twitter history all the way back to 2013. This story was repeated without fact-checking by Fox s Sean Hannity, but both were ultimately revealed to be shameless liars.Correction. Live on radio I read a gateway pundit report that @MichelleObama had deleted mentions of HRC. And a listener said BHO and  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) November 1, 2016Elizabeth Warren did same. Fact is they didn't. I humbly apologize. Live radio  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) November 1, 2016He sources 4Chan, for f*ck s sake:Most recently, Hoft falsely accused Washington Post editor Doris Truong of taking pictures of Rex Tillerson s notes. He has also claimed a photo of a NBA parade was a Trump rally, and helped fuel Trump s  paid protesters  lies with a fake story about a bus full of them traveling from Trump rally to Trump rally.Hoft and his cronies may be liars, but they have been staunchly pro-fascism as long as they have existed and they love him, so let them in! It s not like they re those  fake news  purveyors at CNN, after all.Trump has as of late been favoring  friendly  news sources, and it is likely that he will continue to do so   especially when he is filling the press pen with people who are willing to lie for him.featured image via Getty Images/Sean Rayford",0
2467, Former Swedish Prime Minister BRUTALLY Mocks Trump’s Rally Insanity; It’s GLORIOUS (TWEET),"Donald Trump s buffonery, lies, and unhinged antics are not playing well on the world stage. The latest embarrassment to Americans from Trump comes via his weirdly timed campaign rally, held this weekend in Florida. During the rally, Trump attacked the media as  fake  like he always does, and, of course made up lots of ludicrous and bizarre lies.One such lie was designed to defend the Muslim ban, and he used a made-up terror attack in Sweden to do so. Trump told his crowd of brainwashed fans: When you look at what s happening in Germany, when you look at what s happening last night in Sweden   Sweden! Who would believe this? Sweden! They took in large numbers, they re having problems like they never thought possible. Trump s lie did not go unnoticed by former Swedish Prime Minister Carl Bildt. Bildt took to Twitter to mock Trump s delusional statement, saying: Sweden? Terror attack? What has he been smoking? Questions abound. Here is the tweet:Sweden? Terror attack? What has he been smoking? Questions abound. https://t.co/XWgw8Fz7tj  Carl Bildt (@carlbildt) February 19, 2017Bildt would not be the first to question Trump s mental state. Whether he is high or not is a mystery; all we do know is that any normal person watching the train wreck that is Trump s first month in office knows that something isn t right upstairs with this guy. Bildt wasn t finished with Trump with just that one tweet, though. He went on to tweet a mocking photo of a muppet  Swedish Chef  who Bildt says is  sought for the attack,  complete with butcher knives.Donald Trump has only been in office for one month, and already his behavior is making America a laughingstock. Hell, his very candidacy did that, to say nothing of his presidency. He s an absolute disgrace, and dangerously unhinged. Trump must be removed. Congress, do your job.Featured image via Tom Pennington/Getty Images",0
2468, CREEPY: You’ll Never Believe The Deranged Thing This Trump Fan Does With His Cardboard Donald Daily (VIDEO),"You know how many Trump fans seem to have a sick obsession with their orange-tinged fuhrer? We may have possibly found the one who is basically the ultimate Donald Trump fanboy, in a 1940 s Germany sort of way.Meet Gene Huber. Trump pulled Huber up on stage at his first campaign rally in Melbourne, Florida   which, once again, happened about a month into his presidency   to address the crowd.Huber is already being compared to George W. Bush s living prop Joe The Plumber, who went on to run a functional white supremacist blog after his 15 minutes of fame faded.But who is Huber? His social media reveals that he is a typical Trump supporter in many ways (and in one hopefully not-so-typical way)   right down to Trump nibbling on his ear lobe wait, what?One creepy tweet from Huber claims that Trump kissed his  ear lob [sic]  in 1970:@WDFx2EU7 @P0TUSTrump Let's see, liar, Thief, racist, corrupt, making fun of Americans! In 1970 Trump kissed my ear lob! #MAGA #TrumpTrain  Gene Huber (@Squeakey6) October 16, 2016He also wants to  lock her up @pgpfoundation Yes, Mrs. Clinton I would love to know yr plan, if I may Mrs.Clinton, my plan I see, you sitting in jail!#MAGA3X #MAGA3X #US  Gene Huber (@Squeakey6) October 22, 2016@wpjenna Another brainwashed liberal! So sad, she has 2 investigations on her! I tell you what is true,Crooked Hillary going to jail! #MAGA  Gene Huber (@Squeakey6) November 3, 2016@JenniferJJacobs who gives a shit, still hearing this crap! Crooked Hillary is a Criminal, Trump is not! Lock her Up! #TrumpTrain #Trump  Gene Huber (@Squeakey6) October 22, 2016This is how I feel,Crooked Hillary belongs in jail, We the People will do this. Keep the message strong, it's working! #MAGA #MAGA3X #Trump pic.twitter.com/mmh9W2mcCn  Gene Huber (@Squeakey6) October 22, 2016 so she can make his license plate in prison:@ronbucme Thanks Crooked Ronnie, great info.That bitch is gonna make my license plate, and eat 3 meals a day sucker! @MyTake1234 #Trump2016  Gene Huber (@Squeakey6) October 22, 2016He thinks Barack Obama is a Muslim:@modestypictures @thebestcloser What's Questionable, are you living on Fantasy island. He has done more then your Muslim president! #MAGA  Gene Huber (@Squeakey6) January 18, 2017@CNN @megynkelly he is a Muslim been hearing this crap for a year and a half and Megan I'm sure we will hear it tonite Disgrace #TrumpTrain  Gene Huber (@Squeakey6) October 14, 2016According to Facebook, he has visited Trump s properties (and the White House) a lot recently:It is unclear if he met with Trump during any of these visits, but he does say that Fearless Leader called him on Valentine s Day:But what truly makes him special is this totally not creepy thing he does with a cardboard cutout of The Donald. In an interview with CNN shortly after Trump christened him a  star,  Huber explained:He also talks to it regularly and prays either for it or to it, depending on how one interprets this:He wasn t lying, either. He has a cutout of Trump:The Best Vistor I could ever have!President Trump came to Florida to see me! Wow, never will forget [email protected] @thebestcloser pic.twitter.com/galTF85biz  Gene Huber (@Squeakey6) January 9, 2017Let s face it   when you confess to talking to your cardboard Donald Trump and saluting it every day, you re kinda asking for the sort of response you get on social media:@Squeakey6 @thebestcloser Talking to a cardboard cut out everyday? You are nuts.  Hopelessly Chaotic (@chaos_4ever) February 19, 2017@Squeakey6 @thebestcloser .. I'm speechless. Seriously. #Independent  J. Canfield (@CreativeBoulder) February 19, 2017I bet if someone shined a blacklight on that cardboard Trump it would light up like the 4th of July with #GeneHuber ""samples""    (@Cvinciguerra1) February 19, 2017I wish the cardboard cutout of #donaldtrump that #GeneHuber salutes every morning was president instead. I'd feel much safer #TrumpRally pic.twitter.com/vsl0USJd4o  dj (@dljones66) February 19, 2017@Squeakey6 Gene Huber's cardboard Dictator salutes back after he does ""this & that."" #TrumpRally #Melbourne #DemocracyOverFascism#NoToWWIII pic.twitter.com/ptCdrjXOHq  #TheResistance  ? (@ISayNoToFascism) February 19, 2017@sidnknj @Gallaecian Here is his cardboard trump pic.twitter.com/H4DHIb6LPg  NORTH (@Mikeyabcdefg) February 19, 2017Find you a man that loves you as much as Gene Huber loves his 6 foot tall cardboard cutout of Donald Trump except not fuckin creepy as hell.  Emma Sch tzkowski (@emmaschuetz) February 19, 2017Gene Huber's cardboard cutout of Donald Trump is more diplomatic, presidental, and legitimate of a leader than Donald Trump is.  Matthew Cooper (@ILoveMorrigan) February 19, 2017I shudder to think what other things #GeneHuber does to his cardboard Trump  ROH (@RealOldHouswife) February 19, 2017Gene Huber salutes a 6 ft. cardboard Donald Trump in his living room every day. Mmkay. #TrumpRally  Micha (@mighty_mite14) February 19, 2017Watch Huber make the creepiest admission ever below: As an added bonus, here s him doing whatever this is:(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));I Swear Back in the Eighties, I was Called Vince Neil walking down the Halls in School!!!!Posted by Gene Huber on Thursday, February 16, 2017Featured image via Twitter",0
2469," Trump Put Out A Survey On The Media, And What Happened Is So Hilarious He’s Now Crying ‘RIGGED!’","Trump and his staff are so sure the media lies about everything that they ve put together a  media accountability survey  designed to gauge how people feel about the media, how they re representing Trump and Republicans, and numerous other things. Of course, because true scientific polls don t ever tell them what they want, this survey is anything but scientific. They want to feed their confirmation bias. But what s really happening is hilarious and it s made Trump call his own poll rigged.Seriously.The email that was sent to supporters asking them to take the survey again reads:The President emailed you to take the urgent Mainstream Media Accountability Survey.Since then, mainstream media outlets have viciously attacked it and thousands of Democrats have taken it to try to sabotage the results.Which is why we need your IMMEDIATE help as one of President Trump s biggest supporters.Please take the Mainstream Media Accountability Survey now.>>Thanks,Team Trump Not only does this email demonstrate that Trump is only interested in answers from people who think the exact same way he does, but it also demonstrates the sheer desperation on Trump s part to prove that the media is engaging in one giant conspiracy to bring him down. Or something.The questions in the survey are leading and biased, and were definitely not crafted by an experienced pollster. He wants specific answers and the questions are worded so he s more likely to get those answers:    And those are just a sampling of the questions in the survey.At the end, it asks you for your name, email address and zip code, but there s no verification on it, so you can make up a name and email address, and pick a zip code. Any zip code. And you don t have to create dummy email accounts for it either   so really, what did they expect to happen here?After you fill it out it takes you to a donation page, because of course it does.The bottom line is that, unless he gets the results he s looking for, he s going to keep crying  rigged! If you d like to see what s in it, it can be found here, if you d like to take it for yourself. Repeatedly.Featured image by Sean Rayford via Getty Images",0
2470, Trump Talks About Terror Attacks That Happened Overseas Last Night – There’s Just One LITTLE Problem,"Everyone remembers who died at Bowling Green thanks to Kellyanne Conway. Everyone remembers who died in Atlanta thanks to Sean Spicer. And the truth is that those of us who didn t die at Bowling Green died in Atlanta. Or did we? Donald Trump held a rally in Florida today, where he discussed, or rather, fear-mongered, about terrorism, and referenced yet another completely imaginary terror attack. This one happened last night in Sweden, supposedly, and it s fairly safe to assume we all died there, too. You look at what s happening last night in Sweden. Sweden! Who would believe this? Sweden! They took in large numbers, they re having problems like they never thought possible. The thing is, there were no terror attacks in Sweden last night. There was an incident at the Turkish embassy in Sweden on the 15th, but that was specifically against Turkey, possibly by supporters of an organization that has been operating mainly in Turkey for the last 30 years. And Turkish establishments in Sweden have been having problems like this for years, which makes it unlikely that these people were refugees. But refugees are what Trump was trying to scare his crowd over with this new fake attack: We ve allowed thousands and thousands of people into our country, and there was no way to vet those people. There was no documentation, there was no nothing. BULL. SHIT. The vetting process has been explained so many times by so many people now that it s a wonder anybody at all can still lap this liquid baloney up the way they do.Finding news about any terror attacks anywhere on the European continent last night is difficult. In fact, news about terror attacks last night is coming mostly from India and Pakistan. Most of that news seems to speculate whether India is behind terror attacks in Pakistan.There are a few stories about terrorism in Israel. But pretty much nothing from Europe, and certainly nothing from Scandinavia. Yet Trump went on and on about how we have no way of knowing who s coming into the country by claiming that Sweden is having problems they ve never had before. It s a truly dark time when someone who calls himself President of the United States has to lie in order to spread the proper amount of fear.And truth be told, fear-mongering is bad enough. What Trump is doing is a squillion times worse. Watch his gullible, worshiping audience eat this lie up below:Featured image by Joe Raedle via Getty Images",0
2471, Snowflake Trump Kicks Off Campaign Rally By Attacking The ‘Fake News’ Media,"America s so-called president held a rally in Melbourne, Florida, after just a few weeks into the job. Donald Trump spoke of the mess he has inherited (LOL) and of course, he lashed out at the media. This was Donald s campaign rally for 2020 and he s already been on vacation three times since taking the oath of office. His guest speakers were laughable, with one saying he s kept all of his campaign promises, including  draining the swamp. Trump promised to achieve his agenda despite the  lies, misrepresentations and false stories  thrown at him by the media. He said that without offering proof and the crowd ate it up. I want to speak to you without the filter of the fake news,  Trump said. The crowd, of course, erupted in cheers. The dishonest media, which has published one false story after another with no sources, even though they pretend they have them they make them up in many cases,  the scandal-plagued amateur president said.  They just don t want to report the truth. Many of our greatest presidents fought with the media and called them out,  Trump said while mentioning Thomas Jefferson, Andrew Jackson and Abraham Lincoln, according to The Hill. When the media lies to people, I will never, ever, let them get away with it. I will do whatever I can that they don t get away with it,  Trump said.  They have their own agenda and their agenda is not your agenda. But despite all their lies, misrepresentations and false stories they could not defeat us in the primaries or general election and we ll continue to expose them as what they are and most importantly we ll continue to win, win, win,  Trump continued. Do you think that one media group back there, that one network, will show this crowd? Not one, not one,  Trump declared. Meanwhile, at that very moment, CNN was panning the crowd. I ve ordered the construction of a Great Border Wall that will start very shortly,  Trump said at the adulation rally. The problem is, though, that Trump did not tell his supporters that we, the taxpayers, will be footing the bill, not Mexico. We are going to drain the swamp in Washington, DC,  he said. The crowd chanted  Drain the swamp, Drain the swamp!  Trump s gullible supporters did this after he already filled the swamp up with terrifying creatures.On Air Force One, Trump told reporters,  Life is a campaign. Making our country great again is a campaign. For me, it s a campaign. To make America great again is absolutely a campaign. It s not easy, especially when we re also fighting the press. According to the Melbourne Police, 9,000 people attended the campaign rally for the man who has already been elected.Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
2472, Trump Just Got DESTROYED By J.K. Rowling For His Attack On The Free Press – Here’s How (TWEET),"Donald Trump topped off his disastrous press conference on Thursday by calling the press  the enemy of the American people  on Friday, and is thankfully getting all the criticism and backlash he deserves.One of Trump s harshest and most outspoken critics, author J.K. Rowling, slammed Trump s comments about the press without even using any of her own words. Brilliantly quoting former President Theodore Roosevelt, Rowling tweeted to educate Trump on just how the free press worked, in case dictator Trump and the GOP forgot. In the tweet, Rowling pointed out that Roosevelt had written: To announce that there must be no criticism of the President, or that we are to stand by the President right or wrong is morally treasonable to the American public. Rowling even used the trending #NotTheEnemy hashtag to show her support for the press. Check out the full tweet below:Exactly. The free press is protected by the U.S. Constitution, a document that Trump desperately needs to read before he does or says something else that will make him look foolish. In his attacks on the media, it s clear that Trump wants  unquestioned,  unchecked and unlimited power   and doesn t care if it interferes with the very values that this country was built on. Trump wants to operate as if his word is law and that his alternative facts are the only truth Americans should be digesting without a second thought.Trump seems to be oblivious to the real responsibilities of the job he signed up for, as well as the fact the he actually works for the American people   not the other way around. What Rowling did perfectly put Trump in his place and reminded the undeserving POTUS just exactly how a democracy is supposed to work.Featured image via Ben A. Pruchnie and Mario Tama / Getty Images",0
2473," Don Lemon Is Fed Up, Yanks Guest Off The Air After Idiotic Fake News Claims (VIDEO)","CNN host Don Lemon has had it with conservatives who claim things are  fake news  just because they disagree. He got that point across loud and clear when he suddenly cut a segment short rather than let a guest continue to argue that the network is pushing  fake news  stories.Lemon was moderating a panel discussion regarding the expense of Trump s weekend trips to his Mar-A-Lago resort in Florida. But when Paris Dennard, a political analyst and commentator, finally got a chance to give his opinion things went completely off the rails. Dennard declared that the entire topic they were discussing was  fake news. The president is not breaking any laws, and he s not doing anything,  Dennard said.But Lemon wasn t having it. The CNN host cut Dennard off and decided to educate him and the viewers at home about just what the term  fake news  actually means. Fake news is when you put out a story to intentionally deceive someone and you know that it is wrong,  he said. This story that we re doing right now is not to intentionally deceive anyone. We are simply talking about the cost to keep a president safe,  he continued. Please stop it with that stupid talking point, that it is a fake news story. If you don t want to participate in the news stories on this network, then don t come on and participate. But don t call them fake because you don t agree with them. Go on. Dennard was given another chance to speak, but he still insisted that  this is a fake news story.  And at that point, Lemon had had enough and yanked Dennard off the air, abruptly ending the segment rather than let Dennard continue to undermine the press with his bogus claims.Watch the segment below: Featured image via video screen capture",0
2474, John McCain: Russian Election Meddling Is Even More Serious Than A Physical Attack,"Sen. John McCain is weighing in on Russia s meddling in the U.S. election, and he has made his stance abundantly clear. In an interview with New York Magazine that was published online this Saturday, McCain said that Russian interference in our presidential election is even worse  than a physical attack  and risks undermining  the foundation of democracy. The severity of this issue, the gravity of it, is so consequential because if you succeed in corrupting an election, then you ve destroyed the foundation of democracy,  McCain said.  So I view it with the utmost seriousness. I view it more seriously than a physical attack. I view it more seriously than Orlando, or San Bernardino. As tragic as that was, the far-reaching consequences of an election hack are certainly far in excess of a single terrorist attack. The senator also has some serious questions about Trump s former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, who has now resigned as a result of his compromising conversations with Russia. The Flynn fiasco, he said, is just another sign of dysfunction  within Trump s administration. When did Flynn know about anything to do with Russian interference?  he asked.  Why was there a gap of X number of days between the president being told and no action taken? What is the extent of the relationship between Flynn and the Russians? McCain also addressed the Russian dossier, which revealed Trump s shady ties to Russia along with insight into his personal perversions. According to the document, Russia is using Trump s sexual indiscretions to blackmail him. The Arizona senator said that this would not be out of character for Russia because it s what they do. I didn t know what to make of it, but everyone knows the Russians do use women and sex when people go to Russia,  he said.  It s an old KGB honeypot. You can read his interview in its entirety here.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
2475," Dem. Rep. Says Steve Bannon Is A ‘Stone Cold Racist,’ Has No Business Meeting With Black Caucus","Congressman Hakeem Jeffries says that, while he would welcome an opportunity for Donald Trump to sit down with the Congressional Black Caucus, he does not think Steve Bannon should be present. Why? Because of the obvious: He s a  stone cold racist. During an interview with MSNBC on Friday, Jeffries told Katy Tur that the CBC has reached out to Trump about meeting with him. Actually, they did so on January 19, the day before he was sworn into office. They would like nothing more than for him to prove that his commitment to working with minority communities is real.However, Jeffries did say that Trump s reaction to a black reporter who asked him about meeting with the CBC during a press conference was  strange.  (For the record, that isn t the word I would use. But I digress.) Regardless, Jeffries said, the CBC is still  looking forward to an open dialogue. But that feeling does not extend to Bannon, Trump s white supremacist adviser. Steve Bannon should not be in the room  He s a stone cold racist and a white supremacist sympathizer. It would be hard for me to participate in any meeting with Steve Bannon that normalizes his presence in the White House. Beyond that, we ll have to see. Jeffries and the CBC are hoping that they can work with Trump to address issues facing black America, but working with a white supremacist is just asking too much.Watch the interview here, via MSNBC:Featured image via video screen capture",0
2476, Kellyanne Conway Lashes Out After Alma Mater Blasts Her For Being A Liar,"Kellyanne Conway, who serves as a senior adviser to Donald Trump, is a connoisseur of  alternative facts.  In other words, she lies so much she even believes herself. But don t call her a liar, or she ll freak out. Conway is on the offensive today after the president of her alma mater called her out for repeatedly trying to sell falsehoods to the American people as truth.Trinity Washington University President Patricia McGuire blasted Conway for her lies in a blog titled On lies and the truth we must tell.  She said Conway was  part of a team that thinks nothing of shaping and spreading a skein of lies as a means to secure power. Presidential Counselor Kellyanne Conway, Trinity Class of 1989, has played a large role in facilitating the manipulation of facts and encouraging the grave injustice being perpetrated by the Trump Administration s war on immigrants among many other issues. She is one of President Trump s primary spokespersons, an almost daily figure on cable news shows,  McGuire wrote.   Some people admire her staunch advocacy for her client s positions, and others applaud the fact that she was the first woman to manage a successful presidential campaign. But in fact, as is true of many of President Trump s statements, her advocacy on his behalf is often at variance with the truth. Ms. Conway invented the now-infamous phrase  alternative fact,  to defend Trump s claims about the size of crowds at his inauguration, a thinly-veiled autocratic scheme to try to claim that the Trump inauguration drew the biggest crowd in history when, in fact, it was on the smaller side,  she continued.  Ms. Conway has been part of a team that thinks nothing of shaping and spreading a skein of lies as a means to secure power. Perhaps the  Bowling Green Massacre  comment was truly a mistake, as she claims, but she repeated that canard on three different occasions as an explanation for why the travel ban, an executive order that clearly discriminates against Muslims, was necessary. When the Washington Post informed Conway of McGuire s comments, she didn t take it well at all. True to form, she lashed out and slammed not only McGuire s wise words, but also her fellow alumni. Because why not? It s a disappointment to have the president of the university lift up other Trinity graduates who have a casual relationship with the truth,  Conway said. She then whined that McGuire didn t even have  the courtesy of calling or emailing me to ask what I meant on any given occasion. Without addressing the fact that she has been running around making up the truth as she goes along, including the Bowling Green massacre that never happened, Conway added that she has given the school lots of money over the years. My money was good,  she noted. Apparently, writing a check means that no one is allowed to call you out for spouting lies to defend a demagogue. Sounds totally legit.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
2477, Trump Will Spend More Taxpayer Money On Vacations In A Year Than Obama Did In Eight,"If Donald Trump continues to travel to Mar-a-Lago in Florida at the current pace, he ll spend more taxpayer dollars on vacations than President Obama ever did.Throughout President Obama s eight years in office, conservatives constantly complained every time he went on vacation or played golf. They whined that it was a waste of money and that Obama was lazy.In total, President Obama took 28 vacations spanning 217 days, which cost a total of $90 million.It should be noted that despite conservative bitching, President Obama took less vacation days than his Republican predecessor. George W. Bush took 88 vacations spanning over 500 days.And Donald Trump is going to surpass both of them very quickly.Only days after the election, Trump indicated that he intends to spend most of his weekends at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Florida where he also has a golf course. He also wants to spend lots of time at Trump Tower in New York and his golf course in New Jersey.Trump has already taken three trips to Mar-a-Lago since taking office four weeks ago and those three trips alone cost taxpayers $10 million.Assuming that Trump keeps up this routine and pace, he will end up taking 39 trips to Mar-a-Lago in 2017 at a whopping cost of $130 million to taxpayers, which means Trump will outspend President Obama within a single year. Furthermore, Trump would easily surpass Obama s number of vacation days. At the current pace, he would end up taking 320 vacations days in four years, and that s not counting other vacations Trump may end up taking. If he starts going to Florida every weekend he would surpass 400 days. And if he plays golf every time he goes to Mar-a-Lago he will have played more rounds of golf in two years than than President Obama did during his first term.If Trump does this every year, the cost to taxpayers will be a monstrous $520 million after four years. That s right, over half a billion dollars.Trump supporters and conservatives will argue that Trump is working during his vacations, but President Obama worked during his vacations, too, yet conservatives never stopped whining about his vacations.And just because Trump might be working a little during his vacations, it doesn t justify the cost to taxpayers. And with all the chaos Trump is causing across the nation and around the world, he shouldn t be going on vacation at all right now.Russia is getting more aggressive. North Korea is firing missiles. America is on course for a major confrontation with China. Millions of Americans are about to lose their healthcare. Immigrants are being rounded up. And America s creditors are dumping us because Trump has made investment here too much of a risk. Chaos and infighting plague the White House. Yet Trump is going on lavish vacations to his Florida estate on the taxpayer s dime while he makes everyone else suffer.It s outrageous and conservatives are hypocrites if they defend Trump.Featured image via Ian MacNicol/Getty Images",0
2478, Trump BUSTED Inviting Rich Friends To Sit In On Interviews For ‘Dictators’ In His Cabinet (AUDIO),"As Trump began preparations to interview for cabinet positions, he decided it was a good idea to ask his rich friends to sit in on the interviews so he could get their opinions. In audio released by Politico Saturday, The Donald can be heard telling a crowd at his Bedminster, New Jersey golf club: We re doing a lot of interviews tomorrow   generals, dictators, we have everything. You may wanna come around. It ll be fun. We re really working tomorrow. We have meetings every 15, 20 minutes with different people that will form our government,  Trump added. We re going to be interviewing everybody   Treasury, we re going to be interviewing Secretary of State. We have everybody coming in   if you want to come around, it s going to be unbelievable .so you might want to come along. If it sounds to you like Trump was giving his paying club members special access to the  different people that will form our government,  you are correct in that assessment. This is particularly troubling for President Asterisk, who recently was photographed reviewing secure North Korea documents during dinner at his Florida home as white supremacists on his staff held cell phone flashlights so he could see   all while surrounded by his rich friends. So, this is my real group,  Trump tells his crowd of elite pals.  These are the people that came here in the beginning, when nobody knew what this monster was gonna turn out to be, right? Hear it yourself below:Featured image via Getty Images/Sean Rayford",0
2479, WATCH: Larry Wilmore Takes Right-Wing Hate-Monger Milo Yiannopoulos To The Woodshed,"This is exactly what Bill Maher had in mind when he invited Milo Yiannopoulos to come on his show.In response to Yiannopoulos being unable to speak at UC Berkeley earlier this year because protesters refused to let him spew his hate on their campus, Maher decided to bring on Real Time. After scheduled panelist Jeremy Scahill dropped out in protest, Maher blasted the decision. Liberals will continue to lose elections as long as they follow the example of people like Mr. Scahill whose views veer into fantasy and away from bedrock liberal principles like equality of women, respect for minorities, separation of religion and state, and free speech,  Maher said in a statement.  If Mr. Yiannopoulos is indeed the monster Scahill claims   and he might be   nothing could serve the liberal cause better than having him exposed on Friday night. And expose him he certainly did.Yiannopoulos attacked transgender people during the show which drew condemnation from the audience and a beat down from Larry Wilmore. I think it s just sad because these are the same arguments that were used against gay people, like they were aliens who just wanted to f*ck anything that moved, and that s why we should avoid them,  Wilmore said.Yiannopoulos tried to interrupt but Wilmore would have none of it and continued schooling the alt-right hate-monger. There is a difference without a distinction. It s like when people try and compare gay and black. Yeah, they re not the same thing, but we share the same invisibility. People didn t see us in society, and gay people hid out from society. But there are a lot of the same issues that you have to deal with when you re marginalized. Proving that he lost the argument, Yiannopoulos went on to insult Wilmore by telling Maher he should book guests with  high IQs.  This coming from a college dropout who makes his money by spewing sexism and anti-gay rhetoric despite being raised by his mother and grandmother and being gay himself.Well, Wilmore didn t let Yiannopoulos get away with it. Hold on, Bill. First of all, you can go f*ck yourself. If your argument is that these people are stupid, you didn t hear a word this man said,  Wilmore fired back in reference to Malcolm Nance, an intelligence analyst who worked in Naval Cryptology.  Because he can talk circles around your pathetic douchey little ass. Here s the video via YouTube:Milo Yiannopoulos fell flat on his face and demonstrated why he shouldn t be be booked to speak anywhere ever again.Featured image via screenshot",0
2480," The Internet HILARIOUSLY Mocks Trump With #TinyTrump Memes, Trump Hissy Fit In 3..2..1.. (IMAGES)","Donald Trump has been acting like nothing more than a child ever since he began campaigning for the presidency.And he has gotten much worse since taking over the White House.Trump constantly whines about the media and brags about himself in an effort to make it sound like he knows what is doing and that anyone who criticizes him is wrong.Since Trump acts like child, the Internet decided to treat him like one by creating the #TinyTrump meme.Now Trump s body size will match his hand size as each photo shows a much smaller Trump sitting or standing next to a full size President Obama or Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.The memes are hilarious and are the perfect way to piss off Trump and his supporters.Reddit users are photoshopping Trump to be about 2 feet tall, and it s hilarious #Trump #TinyTrump https://t.co/r8eUkaCqps pic.twitter.com/7rnXCvGFbk  Effeswein (@fswein) February 17, 2017So @realDonaldTrump wants #tinyTrump off the Internet ..ooopsssss pic.twitter.com/Hxao6OSkC8  Zola25   (@295415c) February 18, 2017Can we please RT this? #tinyTrump #impeachtrump pic.twitter.com/MEOsnFJnsf  Tom Corswell (@Tom_Corswell) February 18, 2017tiny trump #tinyTrump pic.twitter.com/8A0YmCud65  ROSIE (@Rosie) February 18, 2017Making the Internet great again, #TinyTrump ??? pic.twitter.com/ld57y8r4zE  Jason Oickle (@JasonOickle) February 18, 2017My favourite #tinytrump so far pic.twitter.com/LN8ovmkaaD  hoverscout (@hoverscout) February 18, 2017I think #tinyTrump is my favorite thing so far this year. pic.twitter.com/Fd9wQSlsXB  MJ Brady (@BuffaloMJ) February 17, 2017another #tinytrump i found: pic.twitter.com/GHLKGUdDVW  Judge Mental (@DJNoRequest) February 17, 2017Oh, this one got me good for some reason. #tinytrump pic.twitter.com/EUYTo7Tmlp  Ignatius, Really. (@phlubup) February 18, 2017#TinyTrump is the real Enemy of the American People. #Trump pic.twitter.com/f7jRGyX4vn  Will Brown (@Will_The_Tiger) February 18, 2017#TinyTrump is what twitter has needed pic.twitter.com/VeVqQOt0Sx  The New Left ? (@RememberObama) February 18, 2017Donald Trump is sure to be mighty pissed off when he sees these photos. He is obsessed with the size of his hands and he is incredibly thin-skinned and sensitive about it. So seeing himself this small will definitely bruise his fragile ego.Featured image via Twitter",0
2481, Trump Claims He Inherited All The Problems He Caused From Obama And Gets LIT UP by Twitter (TWEETS),"What would a Saturday morning in the Trump administration be without yet another unhinged rant from Liar-in-Chief Donald Trump? After yet another devastating week for The Donald, he wants the American people to ignore the dumpster fire and realize that despite the plethora of problems he has caused for himself, everything is just fine. Don t believe the main stream (fake news) media,  Trump tweeted.  The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it. Don't believe the main stream (fake news) media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 18, 2017What Trump actually inherited was an unemployment rate of 4.7%   much lower than what Obama inherited from George W. Bush   and a steadily-growing economy that CNBC notes may be  Obama s biggest parting gift  to The Donald.Trump s presidency has been a wild ride so far. The guy we kinda-sorta elected has already threatened to send troops to Mexico to deal with  bad hombres,  messed up diplomatic relations with Australia (the cuddly teddy bear of U.S. relations), and embarrassed Americans daily with his unhinged ravings. Multiple members of his administration have already been outed as subversive Russian stooges, he drained the swamp straight into his cabinet and hired a bunch of white supremacist bloggers and other insane people to run the federal government, and the people he is supposed to lead have no confidence in his ability to do so.Naturally, Trump s decision to scream FAKE SMOKE when there s a real fire didn t go over well:@realDonaldTrump You attack the press as  the enemy.  Journalists in war zones have been killed serving the cause of truth.  Mikel Jollett (@Mikel_Jollett) February 18, 2017@realDonaldTrumpHow could any of us believe you when you continue to lie? You inherited record high GDP & record low unemployment!  William LeGate (@williamlegate) February 18, 2017.@realDonaldTrump You inherited a traitorous National Security Advisor? You didn't even know you had to hire your OWN staff!  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) February 18, 2017@JordanUhl Whats the word for someone who transcends the boundaries of being delusional and is a danger to themselves and the entire world?  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) February 18, 2017@realDonaldTrump you are also holding a rally today, one month in power. It may be Florida not Nuremberg but still very dictatorial.  Matt Haig (@matthaig1) February 18, 2017@MichaelShws @JeffreyGuterman @realDonaldTrump OK. pic.twitter.com/qjLgGKKuFf  Drumpfster Fire (@drumpfsterfire1) February 18, 2017@realDonaldTrump actually Obama did a pretty nice job cleaning up Bush's mess for you pic.twitter.com/87IH01Dxnt  Aaron Rupar (@atrupar) February 18, 2017@realDonaldTrump the 2nd says to 'blame your underlings'. The 3rd will say 'write 3 letters'. We will be here when you open the 3rd letter.  (((Liz))) (@aliddabit) February 18, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Flynn quit. Puzder withdrew. Conway dissembled. Spicer lied. Harward bailed. You unraveled. It was more like a shitshow  Barry Friedman (@Vuzvilla) February 18, 2017@realDonaldTrump What are stream media? And which are the main ones, please?  Noel Cowley (@noelcowley) February 18, 2017Trump didn t inherit a mess. He inherited a steadily-improving country but decided to spend his time attempting to keep Muslims from entering the country, diverting your hard-earned money to pay for his stupid wall, and making life easy for our nation s enemies by reviewing secure documents in the middle of his Florida home, which he now calls the  Winter White House. Trump and his administration are a joke   unfortunately, no one is laughing.Featured image via Getty Images (Joe Raedle)/screengrab",0
2482, Maher EVISCERATES Trump’s Insane Presser; Gets Real About How Dangerous He Is (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is dangerous as president. Anyone who has been watching this trainwreck first in campaign mode, and then during transition, and now during the actual presidency, knows this. Unfortunately, the Republicans in Washington who are in a position to actually do something seem to be completely ignoring the fact that Trump is completely out of his mind, has shown himself to be a dangerous authoritarian, and, most troubling of all, seems to have some very scary ties to Russia and its autocratic leader, Vladimir Putin.Well, there is one person on television who isn t going to mince words when it comes to Trump: Bill Maher, host of HBO s Real Time. On Friday night, Maher really let Trump have it. He lit into the disastrous insanity that was Trump s first solo press conference as president, and then went on to blatantly call Trump a nutcase. He even said that in some ways, Trump is actually WORSE than German dictator Adolf Hitler: You know your Facebook friend who said he thought Trump was Hitler? He was optimistic. What we have here is a mental patient who thinks he s Hitler. The kid in the YouTube video who is high from the dentist made more sense. Maher then went on to remind his audience not to get distracted by smaller outrages so that we take our eyes off the really dangerous happenings within the Trump White House, and indeed, with Trump himself: While you re watching the clown screw the pony, they re breaking into your car. At the end of the day, there s just too much goodness and vital truth in this monologue to even begin to do it justice. All I know is that Bill Maher will be a very important voice when it comes to helping America make it through this presidency with our sanity intact.Watch the brilliant video below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
2483," Chuck Todd Confronts Trump Over UNHINGED ‘Enemy’ Tweet, Promptly Puts Him In His Place (VIDEO)","As if Donald Trump s disastrous press conference on Thursday wasn t enough to mark the closing of his first historically unpopular month in the White House, the moronic man-baby just had to continue his crusade to dismantle the U.S. Constitution into Friday.On Friday afternoon, Trump kicked off the weekend by attacking the  FAKE NEWS  media (naming a few networks in particular) and stating that America s free press (protected under the Constitution)  is the enemy of the American people.  Trump had already gone too far in his insanity-filled press conference, and this tweet definitely solidified any suspicions that he s deranged, batsh*t crazy and not even connected to reality anymore.Trump s tweet deserves all the backlash in the world, and fortunately America is responding. Trump s disgusting, anti-American Twitter tantrum has been bashed by everyday citizens and journalists alike, with several prominent media members adding their voices to the opposition and resistance to this erratic dictator.On Friday s MTP Daily, host Chuck Todd reacted to Trump s tweet and brilliantly nailed him for it. He opened the segment by stating: I don t believe any American is the enemy of any other American. For several minutes, Todd eviscerated Trump for treating his presidency like a circus and for trying to create distrust of the media. In his rant, Todd stated that many of the uncomfortable issues facing this president  are being lost in the distractions he creates. Todd then listed these issues one by one, passionately stating that the president s problems aren t a media fabrication .Taking a big swipe at Trump s belligerent behavior and his incompetent team (which has recently had some VERY serious issues of its own), Todd opened the discussion to his panel and quipped, Press Secretary Donald Trump did his job, didn t he? You can watch Todd destroy Trump in the clip below:Featured image via screen capture ",0
2484," This Latest President Obama Accolade Will Enrage Trump, Who Is Only Getting More Unpopular","As Donald Trump desperately continues trying to convince everyone that he has great leadership skills, President Obama just scored a major ranking by historians.After eight years of dealing with uncooperative Republicans who tried to obstruct him at every turn, and STILL managing to give healthcare to 30 million Americans while improving American prestige around the globe, reducing Iran s stockpile of nuclear material, and relentlessly pursuing equal rights, President Obama has been ranked 12th in leadership among all presidents in history. George Washington, Franklin D. Roosevelt, and Theodore Roosevelt retain their top five status, while Dwight Eisenhower moves into the top five for the first time,  according to the press release.  Former President Barack Obama enters the ranks for the first time in the number 12 position. Notably, his leadership category ratings range from number 3 for  Pursued Equal Justice for All,  to number 39 for  Relations with Congress. Historian Douglas Brinkley praised Obama s ranking as  impressive  considering this is the first time he was even eligible to be ranked.This news comes as Trump s approval rating has imploded and currently stands at 38 percent amid chaos and infighting in the White House. Whereas President Obama governed with a calm mind and steady hand, Trump has tried to govern through bullying and misinformation while being too thin-skinned to handle even the smallest criticism.Foreign nations like Russia and China are taking advantage of Trump, or challenging him and his domestic agenda which has been nothing but a disaster.In fact, Trump is so bad that historians actually ranked George W. Bush higher on the list than he was last year. George W. Bush, has benefited somewhat from the passing of years: His ranking at number 33, is up three places from our 2009 survey,  the press release continued.Indeed, Trump is so bad that many Americans actually miss Bush now.This is a major achievement for President Obama, who has spent his post-presidency living it up while Trump is busy putting out one fire after another and embarrassing himself on a daily basis. It s more than clear that President Obama was a real leader. Trump, on the other hand, will probably go down as the most inept and worst president in American history.Now we wait for Trump to throw a hissy fit.Featured image by Pete Souza/White House",0
2485, Angry Caller LOSES IT When Asked To Prove Media Lies About Trump – The End Is PRICELESS (VIDEO),"People who parrot and spread Trump s claims that the media lies absolutely cannot stand it when they re asked to provide examples. They try and deflect, just like Trump, except not all of them seem to be as skilled at twisting things around as Trump tries to be (and Trump himself becomes completely unhinged when someone in the media fact-checks him while talking to him). One caller into a British show ranted and raved about how the media has been twisting all these leaks coming from the White House, and the host, James O Brien, kept asking him for just one example of this.The caller became increasingly agitated at that, because apparently one shouldn t have to have evidence and examples to make a claim like that. O Brien first wanted to know how the leaks out of the White House could be real, but the news reporting the leaks was fake. The caller said: What he s trying to say to say is the media twist the leaks. If they ve just got one paragraph of the truth, they ll add another paragraph that s fake. When O Brien began pressing him harder for an example, he turned all Trumpian, saying he distrusts, and even hates, the media, but never answering O Brien s questions. The ending has quite the kicker, though, and the caller s last words are just laughable. Watch below:Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
2486, Trump Just Accused The Media Of Committing TREASON For Not Saying Nice Things About Him (TWEETS),"Donald Trump is literally inching dangerously close towards arresting members of the free press for doing their jobs.During his insanely embarrassing rant at his solo press conference on Thursday, Trump repeatedly whined about the media and called them  fake news.  He demanded that the media always take him at his word because only he knows the truth.Of course, the media does not negotiate with mad dictators and they refused to comply with Trump s demand that they bow down and kiss his ass like Fox News and Breitbart have done. So Trump lashed out at the media on Friday by calling them the  enemy of the American people    an accusation that he soon deleted so he could reword it and add more media outlets.Huffington Post contributor Eliot Nelson caught the tweet before Trump could scrub it.By the transitive property I m pretty sure the president of the United States just accused us of treason. pic.twitter.com/5N0ObYd7y5  Eliot Nelson (@eliotnelson) February 17, 2017It should be noted that by scrubbing the original tweet, Trump is violating the Presidential Records Act which prohibits the destruction of presidential records and correspondence.Trump then posted it again with changes.The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 17, 2017This is pretty damn pathetic, and puts America on the slippery slope towards actually arresting journalists and reporters because they are not acting like propaganda drones for his corrupt administration. That would clearly be a violation of the Constitution, but Trump and his Republican cheerleaders no longer give a damn about constitutional rights.Trump s tweet lit the Internet on fire, and Twitter users ripped him a new one for it.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes @NBCNews @ABC @CBS @CNN What the fuck are you doing? Honesty, you re ill and should be in a home.  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) February 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump @nytimes @NBCNews @ABC @CBS @CNN Then why are YOU the only one going to war with the media?  Kristina Wong   (@mskristinawong) February 17, 2017.@realDonaldTrump What about Fox? pic.twitter.com/qqKn0vXXp2  Lauren Duca (@laurenduca) February 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump @nytimes @NBCNews @ABC @CBS @CNN Those legit news networks are our friends. you re the enemy sweetpea  Diva (@sammypolsen12) February 17, 2017.@realDonaldTrump The more you SAY something is FAKE the more we KNOW it is REAL!  Tommy Campbell (@MrTommyCampbell) February 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump maybe it s just me but I think it d be cool if the president wasn t such a little bitch all the time  i have died (@ChrisCaesar) February 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump you re right, your enemy is the English language, coherent sentences and facts.pic.twitter.com/WASTAQ92kB  Erick Fernandez (@ErickFernandez) February 17, 2017This, mind you, is the same media that gave @realDonaldTrump several billion dollars worth of free advertisinghttps://t.co/hjwJefiv1x  Ben Norton (@BenjaminNorton) February 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump @nytimes @NBCNews @ABC @CBS @CNN Donald, what you are doing here is inciting violence against journalists.  Gary Spedding (@GarySpedding) February 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump @nytimes @NBCNews @ABC @CBS @CNN You ve made U.S. presidency look like a joke!  Ruwayda Mustafah (@RuwaydaMustafah) February 17, 2017.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes @NBCNews @ABC @CBS @CNN Wow, that s quite a list. Perhaps it s time to take a long hard look in the mirror. pic.twitter.com/4EB8vpyTfI  Rep. Cheri Bustos (@RepCheri) February 17, 2017It s time for Donald Trump to be impeached. He is totally unfit to hold the office he occupies. The presidency is not a dictatorship, but Trump is trying to turn it into one and he s getting closer to succeeding. Accusing the media of treason for telling the truth is what tyrants do before they start having them arrested. The media is not the president s personal propaganda machine. The media exists to inform the American people and serves as a check on the government. If Trump were not so inept and destructive, the media wouldn t cover him very much at all.Featured image by Spencer Platt via Getty Images",0
2487," JUST IN: Trump Knew About Flynn’s Calls With Russian Ambassador, Tried To Cover It Up","Alleged president Donald Trump is plagued with scandals after being on the job for just a few weeks. The amateur president frequently calls networks critical of his actions  fake news  while being supportive of Fox News. Well the story unfolding right now about Trump and his disgraced former national security adviser is from Fox News.According to what a source told the network, Trump was given a comprehensive summary of the contents of Michael Flynn s phone calls with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak prior to Flynn s resignation.The summary of the transcript was delivered by people outside the White House.According what what Trump said recently, Flynn did nothing wrong. But previously, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said that there was an erosion of trust with Flynn after the revelations of his talks to the ambassador about sanctions. To be clear, this means that Flynn lied to Mike Pence. Trump pretty much fired Flynn, but at the bizarre news conference Thursday, the Liar-In-Chief said, Mike was doing his job. He was calling countries and his counterparts   I would have directed him to do it if I thought he wasn t doing it. I didn t direct him, but I would have directed him because that s his job,  he added. What Trump is saying is that he would have directed Flynn to take those actions while Obama was still in office. Trump referred to Flynn as a  wonderful  man after his resignation knowing full well what took place.Last month, Flynn denied in an FBI interview that he discussed sanctions against Russia with the Russian ambassador. That was a lie. By the way, it s a felony to lie to the FBI. Flynn led  Lock her up!  chants at a Trump rally during the campaign saying that if he did 1/10th of what Hillary Clinton did, he d be in prison. Off you go, Flynn!Let s let Seth Abrahamson break this down for us.BREAKING: Fox News is reporting Trump was fully briefed on the Flynn call with Russia after it happened and allowed Pence to be lied to.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) February 17, 2017BREAKING: Per FNC we know Trump either ordered the illegal Flynn call & tried to cover it up or just tried to cover it up. One or the other.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) February 17, 2017Man, if only we had some historical precedent for what happens to a president when he is caught trying to cover up a crime.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) February 17, 2017Trump needs to release his taxes so we can see if he s beholden to Russia. To reiterate, Trump knew about the calls and allowed his vice-president to be lied to. Go on, Mr. Trump, call Fox News  fake news  now. We ll wait here.Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images.",0
2488, Breitbart Attacked Jake Tapper And His Hilarious Response Shut Them Up (TWEETS),"CNN host Jake Tapper put Breitbart in their place on Friday after they attacked him on Twitter.The white nationalist-supported website that spews  alternative facts  on a daily basis dared to attack Tapper because they think they made him change his coverage of Donald Trump.After Trump s disastrously embarrassing press conference on Thursday, Tapper told Trump to start acting like a legitimate president and  stop whining. Everybody at home needs to ask themselves how would you react if that were your boss coming in and giving a speech to the employees,  Tapper said.  How would you react if that was somebody in your family that you were trying to have a conversation with? You would think this is very difficult to assess in a positive way. The person is not dealing with the world in which we live. He said things that weren t true President Trump, if you re watching, you legitimately won the presidency. Now get to work, and stop whining about it. Breitbart appears to think they forced Tapper to call Trump  legitimate  even though Tapper has never referred to Trump as illegitimate.When you make Jake Tapper drop the  Russkies hacked the election  meme. #4DChess https://t.co/7EG12f8CkT  Breitbart News (@BreitbartNews) February 17, 2017But they clearly messed with the wrong news anchor because Tapper fired back and hit Breitbart where it hurts the most.@BreitbartNews Such a good doggy. Now go get your treat from Bannon. Arf!  Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) February 17, 2017Yep, Tapper literally mocked Breitbart for being Bannon s lapdogs.Tapper even nailed a Breitbart supporter by telling her in Russian to be quiet because the adults are talking.@eplerjc @JuliaGulia809 Better yet    .    .  Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) February 17, 2017Needless to say, Tapper is being hailed as a media hero today.@jaketapper No Fucks Tapper is the hero 2017 needs.  John Epler (@eplerjc) February 17, 2017The moral of this story is don t mess with Jake Tapper. You ll get burned into oblivion.Featured image via screenshot",0
2489, WATCH: Morning Joe Hosts Wipe The Floor With Trump’s Chaotic Lie-Infested Press Conference,"It s safe to say that Donald Trump and Joe Scarborough are no longer buddies.After an embarrassing first solo press conference in which Trump repeatedly lied and called the media  fake news  while bragging about himself and claiming that his administration is a well-oiled machine, Joe Scarborough was gauging what his Republican lawmaker friends were thinking and they are starting to understand why millions of Americans are frightened.Mika Brzezinski reacted to Trump s words by saying  And the public doesn t believe US anymore? Scarborough lambasted the entire conference, telling the Morning Joe panel on Friday that it  would have been a really funny hour or so of television if he weren t President of the United States. It was one of the most chaotic, rambling press conferences anybody has ever seen,  he continued.Indeed, Saturday Night Live has their work cut out for them if they plan to spoof Trump s conference this weekend. Because they could literally just play the real conference and take the night off.Scarborough has also seen a lot of presidential press conferences, both as part of the media and a former lawmaker. When he says this is the  most chaotic, rambling press conference,  he s not kidding.Scarborough then noted that Trump s hardcore supporters are going to support him no matter what.Panelist Mike Barnicle then chimed in that Trump has lost touch with reality. Yesterday, the first 35 minutes of that press conference was watching a President of the United States who has lost a grip on reality. It was as if he performed for himself because he needed to perform like that because he needed to convince himself he was president. Indeed, Trump spent minutes talking about his Electoral College win as if it was the greatest win in history in an apparent effort to convince everyone of his legitimacy. Except that it wasn t as  yuuuge  as Trump says because his win ranks as one of the smallest on record and he lost the popular vote by nearly 3 million votes. Trump was even called out by NBC reporter Peter Alexander over the lie. He says things that are verifiably false,  Scarborough said before adding,  Everybody I talked to on the hill, including a lot of Republican senators and congressmen, were scared to death by what they saw. And more than one said,  This just isn t going to last long because he just doesn t have control of reality. The Morning Joe host then went on to say that many Republicans are absolutely  freaked out  because of Trump s embarrassing press conference.Here s the video via YouTube:It s clear that Donald Trump is unfit to be president and if Republicans have even a splinter of spine left they will do the right thing for America and impeach him before we become even more of a laughingstock to the world.Featured image via screenshot",0
2490, REPORT: Even Republicans Are ‘Disturbed’ By Trump As Congress Looks For A Way To Oust Him,"Donald Trump s days in the White House could be numbered if Republicans stop denying reality.On Thursday, Trump delivered an insane press conference in which he spewed a string of lies and bragged about how many electoral votes he received.He repeatedly claimed that the media pushes  fake news  and openly praised conservative outlets like Fox News for kissing his ass.Overall, Trump demonstrated once again that he is totally unfit to hold the office he occupies and that is why lawmakers are actively pursuing ways to kick him out of the White House before he does something even crazier.Earlier this week, Rep. Earl Blumenauer called for a congressional review to explore the constitutional process to remove an unstable person from the presidency. It s not normal behavior,  Blumenauer said.  I don t know anybody in a position of responsibility that doesn t know if they re being rained on, and nobody I work with serially offers up verifiably false statements on an ongoing basis. And that s why Rep. Ted Lieu is going to introduce a bill to require a psychiatrist work at the White House.Because if Trump is mentally unfit to be president (He is.) then the American people have a right to know and he should be removed from office so he can t harm anyone else or this nation ever again. I am not a mental health professional, so I don t know in terms of any sort of medical expertise on this,  Lieu said in defense of the bill.  But I do see and hear the same things that other people see and hear, and a lot of people have concluded that what s going on is not normal. So what do I do with that as a member of Congress? Anyone who can launch 4,000 nuclear weapons in minutes absolutely should be questioned on any matter related to their physical and mental health. Exactly. Trump is so unstable and predictable that he could literally launch a nuclear strike any time over the smallest slight. The fact that random guests at the Mar-a-Lago parties can take pictures with the guy who carries the nuclear football is also worrying.Even Republicans think Trump s behavior is  disturbing  even if they do refuse to admit that he should be kicked out of office.Rep. Mike Simpson told The Hill that,  The behavior is somewhat disturbing,  but thinks  it s a stretch  to question Trump s mental and emotional stability.So the question is how much more proof do Republicans need before they admit that Trump is dangerous and needs to go? Because the fact that they are willing to defend him after all the insanity and chaos we have seen in the White House so far makes one wonder if they are mentally and emotionally stable enough to be congressmen.A Republican judge was brave enough to call for Trump s impeachment earlier this week. Republicans in Congress would be wise to listen to him.If President Obama had acted like Trump is acting they would have moved to impeach him on the first day. America has already put up with four weeks of Trump s bullshit and it s only getting scarier.It s time for Republicans to recognize the reality of the situation and do what s best for the country instead of what s best for the Republican Party. And that means Trump should be impeached immediately.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
2491, Eric Trump Just Asked The Labor Department To Let Him Hire Foreign Workers AGAIN,"If any other American company did this, Donald Trump would be attacking them on Twitter.But Trump has a double standard when it comes to his own business and the businesses owned by his family members.As you may recall, Trump has openly attacked Ford, General Motors, and a slew of other companies for building factories overseas instead of building them here and hiring American workers to do the jobs.Trump even attacked a Japanese automaker for building a factory in Mexico instead of in the United States.The hypocrisy here is that while Trump is attacking these companies for not hiring Americans, his own son is begging the Labor Department to let him hire foreign workers instead of giving jobs to Americans.Eric Trump owns Trump Vineyards, and for the second time he is asking the Labor Department to let him hire foreign workers.According to the petition filed, the workers would be paid over $11 an hour to perform manual labor in cold weather. Workers would also be exposed to chemicals and would have to lift up to 60 pounds of grapes onto a truck.Here s a screenshot of the specific section.Again, this is hypocritical. Donald Trump is constantly promising Americans that he will make sure they have jobs but his own son wants to hire foreign workers.This is yet another example of Trump not following the rules he s setting for everyone else.A real leader leads by example and if Trump refuses to tell his own son to hire American workers why should companies like Ford comply with his demands?Keep in mind that Trump is ordering raids to round up undocumented immigrants because Trump claims they take jobs away from Americans. The reality, however, is that these immigrants take jobs that most Americans do not want to perform, such as managing and harvesting crops. That doesn t mean there aren t American out there who wouldn t take them, and that means Eric Trump is taking jobs away from Americans by trying to hire foreign workers instead. That s shameful, especially since his dad promised to put America first.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
2492, REPORT: Trump Considering Using National Guard To Hunt Down Undocumented Immigrants,"Donald Trump reportedly wants to use the National Guard as his deportation force.According to the Associated Press, a leaked memo written by Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly revealed that Trump might call up 100,000 National Guard troops to  round up  undocumented immigrants.BREAKING: Trump administration considers mobilizing as many as 100,000 National Guard troops to round up unauthorized immigrants.  The Associated Press (@AP) February 17, 2017The plan would be an  unprecedented militarization of immigration enforcement as far north as Portland, Oregon, and as far east as New Orleans, Louisiana. The memo states that the National Guard would only be used if a state s governor approves, but seeing as how Trump has the power to call up any National Guard unit he wants, he could easily ignore the wishes of governors.Let s say California Governor Jerry Brown refuses to let Trump use the California National Guard to round up immigrants. Trump could just ignore him and call them up anyway just because Brown is a Democrat and Trump doesn t like to be told no.Meanwhile, Republican governors will probably have no problem unleashing the military against immigrants.White House mouthpiece Sean Spicer denied that such a memo exists.. @seanspicer tells @kwelkernbc immigration plan is  100%  false:  There is no effort to utilize the national guard to round up immigrants  Benjy Sarlin (@BenjySarlin) February 17, 2017And Assistant mouthpiece Michael Short also denied it.Not true. https://t.co/T8rA87kJaU  Michael C. Short (@MCShort45) February 17, 2017Twitter proceeded to point out that Spicer and Short lack credibility.@MCShort45 Let me guess, the memo is real, but reporting on said memo is fake news?  Ryan Parker (@TheRyanParker) February 17, 2017@BenjySarlin @seanspicer @kwelkernbc Yet AP says it has a memo written by John Kelly. This is when that credibility issue comes into play.  Chanty (@Chantelesque) February 17, 2017Donald Trump s effort to round up immigrants in this country is exactly the same as what Hitler did to the Jews. And you can bet Trump will have to order concentration camps be built because the government will have to house them somewhere while they await deportation.This action is absolutely un-American. It s cruel and a total affront to humanity. Donald Trump is not merely rounding up immigrants who have serious criminal records. He s treating all undocumented immigrants as criminals.It should also be noted that if Trump is allowed to use the National Guard for such an action, he could use the National Guard to do even more sinister things. And it could be American citizens who become the targets.Featured image via Andrew Harrer   Pool/Getty Images",0
2493, WATCH: Trump Assumes Black Reporter Can Set Up A Meeting With Black Lawmakers For Him,"After claiming that he s  the least racist person,  Donald trump literally assumed a black reporter could set up a meeting with the Congressional Black Caucus for him.Seriously, that actually happened during Trump s first solo press conference on Thursday.After talking about our inner cities like they are apocalyptic crime-infested war zones, American Urban Radio Networks reporter April Ryan asked Trump if he will work with the Congressional Black Caucus. Trump s response was to assume that because Ryan is black she ll know the CBC members. He then told her to set up a meeting with them as if she is his servant. And then he accused Rep. Elijah Cummings of refusing to meet with him.Ryan: When you say inner cities, are you gonna include the CBC, Mr. President, in the conversations with your urban agenda, your inner city agenda, as well as Trump: Am I gonna am I gonna include who?Ryan: Are you gonna include the Congressional Black Caucus and  Trump: Well, I would. I tell you what, you want to set up the meeting? Do you want to set up the meeting?Ryan: No, no, no I m just a reporter.Trump: Are they friends of yours?Ryan: I know some of them  Trump: No, go ahead, set up the meeting. Let s go. Set up a meeting, I would love to meet with the black caucus. I think it s great, the Congressional Black Caucus, I think it s great. I actually thought I had a meeting with Congressman Cummings, and he was all excited, and then he said, oh, I can t move. It might be bad for me politically. I can t have that meeting. I was all set to have that meeting. You know we called him and called him. And he was all set. I spoke to him on the phone, a nice guy.Ryan: I hear he wanted that meeting with you as well.Trump: He wanted it. But we called called called called. I can t make a meeting with him. Every day, I walk in, I said, I would like to meet with him, because I do want to solve the problem. But he probably was told by Schumer or somebody like that, some other lightweight.He was probably told   he was probably told, don t meet with Trump. It s bad politics. That s part of the problem in this country. Okay. One more.Here s the video via The Washington Post.The fact is, however, that the Congressional Black Caucus has already tried to set up a meeting with Trump but he ignored the letter they sent him.Hi, @realDonaldTrump. We re the CBC. We sent you a letter on January 19, but you never wrote us back. Sad! Letter: https://t.co/58KiuHmITF  The CBC (@OfficialCBC) February 16, 2017And one Twitter user suggested a reason why Trump didn t respond.@OfficialCBC @realDonaldTrump too many words, too few maps.  megan larson (@meganjlarson) February 16, 2017Or, Trump is just a racist and doesn t want to be seen meeting with black people in the White House.Featured image via screenshot",0
2494, Trump Thinks Rush Limbaugh Is Real News And The Internet Mercilessly Responds,"Rush Limbaugh praised Donald Trump s insanely embarrassing press conference, so now he is referring to Limbaugh as real news.It s clear that Trump is going to continue calling any media outlets who criticize him  fake news. Trump even demanded during his press conference on Thursday that the media should take him at his word at all times and that he should get to decide when the media can write  bad  stories about him.The public is   you know, they read newspapers, they see television, they watch. They don t know if it s true or false. Because they are not involved. I m involved. I ve been involved with the stuff all my life. But I m involved. I know when you are telling the truth or when you are not I know when I should get good and when I should get bad. And sometimes I say, wow, that s going to be a great story, and I ll get killed. I know what s good and bad, I d be a good reporter, but not as good as you. I know what s good. I know what s bad. And when they change it, and make it really bad, something that should be very positive, they ll make it okay. They ll even make it negative. I understand it. So because I m there. I know what was said. I know who is saying it. I m there.In other words, Trump wants to lie his ass off and he wants the media to be his propaganda machine.Rush Limbaugh is apparently fine with that and Trump praised him for it on Friday on Twitter.Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever. Fake media not happy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 17, 2017Trump literally just called his critics  fake media  while suggesting that Limbaugh is real news because he said nice things about him.The Internet showed no mercy.@realDonaldTrump Rush eats 30 Percocets before breakfast, so he thought you were an orange dancer at the Bongo Gentlemen s Club in Orlando.  Jeffrey Grubb (@JeffGrubb) February 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump I know you only listen to people who tell you that you are great, but your performance was an embarrassment to the country.  Dave Hogg ? (@Stareagle) February 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump You re worryingly delusional. The conference was a complete shambles. You were extremely rude to attending journalists.  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) February 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump Everyone was happy. It was comedy gold. The Black Caucus, Uranium, really fake news you gave SNL material for years!  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) February 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump When Rush Limbaugh is your greatest ally it wasn t a great news conference.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) February 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump You embarrassed our country yesterday. #laughingstock  Bill Shapiro (@Bill_Shapiro) February 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump, Rush Limbaugh isn t news. On the other hand, even @FoxNews criticized your one-man show as  crazy  https://t.co/f8gDPFuWcy  Joseph Amodeo (@josephamodeo) February 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump That press conference was a national disgrace of historic proportion.  Jonathan Aguiar (@JonAguiar) February 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump Rush IS fake media.  ? (@VeeVee) February 17, 2017Donald Trump is pathetic. Rush Limbaugh is a proven liar, racist, and sexist who will say anything to get attention. In short, it looks like Trump found his new BFF.Featured image via screenshot",0
2495," WATCH: Fox News Host DEFENDS CNN Reporter, Tells Trump To Go F*ck Himself","Even Fox News is calling Donald Trump out for attacking the media.After a press conference that will go down as the most embarrassing and confusing ever given in this nation s history, Fox News host Shep Smith blasted Trump for attacking the press, specifically CNN reporter Jim Acosta.Trump often praises Fox News while bashing the other major news outlets and once again attacked the media during his first solo press conference in which he appeared to be just telling reporters what he was told to tell them.Trump repeatedly referred to CNN as  fake news  and personally attacked Acosta while he was trying to ask questions about the Russia scandal that has engulfed the White House. Russia is fake news,  Trump claimed. Russia   this is fake news put out by the media .The leaks are real. You re the one that wrote about them and reported them. I mean the leaks are real. You know what they said. You saw it and the leaks are absolutely real. The news is fake because so much of the news is fake. If the information coming from the leaks is real, then how can the stories be fake?  Acosta asked.Trump responded by trashing CNN for not taking him at his word instead of verifying his claims and reporting the truth. He then praised Fox & Friends for kissing his ass like a good propaganda machine. When you call it fake news, you re undermining the confidence in the news media,  Acosta shot back. Trump replied by telling Acosta that he knows when he should get good or bad stories in the news and suggested that the media should get in line and write the stories he wants them to write.Seriously.Trump went on to excuse his demand by saying he won the election and claimed his administration is running smoothly despite all the recent reports that say otherwise.Well, Shep Smith was not amused and he took Trump to the woodshed for it.First, Smith addressed Trump s disastrous attempt to hold a big boy conference all by himself. It s sort of our job to let you know when things are said that aren t true,  Smith said in defense of the media.  This president keeps telling untrue things and he does it every single time he s in front of a microphone   some of them aren t really big, but they re coming from the president. He then attacked the logic of Trump s claim that Russia is  fake news. He says Russia is a ruse, it s fake news. The leaks are real, but the news is fake. So, that s impossible. It s very confusing,  especially when Trump says thing that are  demonstrably, unquestionably, opinion aside, 100 percent false. Then Smith passionately defended Acosta. He s an accomplished reporter   a guy I ve never met, but a good reporter. [Trump was] treating him like   I m not even going to use the word. I m not going to give Twitter the love it needs. It s crazy what we re watching everyday, it s absolutely crazy. He keeps repeating ridiculous throwaway lines that are not true at all and sort of avoiding this issue of Russia, as if we re some kind of fools for asking the question. Really?  Smith continued into an epic conclusion.  Your opposition was hacked, and the Russians were responsible for it, and your people were on the phone with Russia on the same day it was happening, and we re fools for asking the questions? No, sir, we are not fools for asking this question, and we demand to know the answer to this question. You owe this to the American people. We have a right to know, we absolutely do, and that you call us  fake news  and put us down like children for asking this question is inconsequential. The people deserve that answer. Here s the video via YouTube.Donald Trump should be ashamed of himself and the media should absolutely keep doing their jobs by calling out Trump s lies every day.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2496, GOP Senator DESPERATELY Worried About Trump’s Mental Stability; Texts CNN During Press Conference (VIDEO),"On Thursday afternoon, the world was treated to yet another Donald Trump press conference   the topic of which was to announce his latest Labor Secretary pick. He did that, but he did so much more. Reporters are in shock. It was combative. It was bombastic. It was nuts, and not in the cute way. This is a man who s clearly not fit to be president of a PTA, let alone President of the United States.For the moment, though, he is President of the United States and even Republicans are secretly mortified at the prospect of having this insane monster at the helm for the next four years. One even texted CNN during the press conference, saying that Trump should see a therapist. I got a text from a couple of Democrats during the thing, who of course are not inclined to like him,  King said Thursday,  But I got a text from a Republican senator who said in this text,  He should do this with a therapist, not on live television. How bad was it? Well, like most days since Trump was elected, he boasted about it and lied about the win. He complained about the media. He suggested that an African-American reporter is  friends  with the Congressional Black Caucus and should set up a meeting between Trump and the caucus. Here s a partial video:This Senator, who is remaining nameless, is not the first to suggest that Trump needs medical help. Rep. Ted Lieu (D-CA) has gone so far as to require a mental health professional be on staff for the president. His disconnection from the truth is incredibly disturbing,  he said.  When you add on top of that his stifling of dissent, his attacks on the free press and his attacks on the legitimacy of judiciary, that then takes us down the road toward authoritarianism. That s why I ve concluded he is a danger to the republic. Source: CosmoAnd this was before today s press conference. The bill, if passed (it likely won t get through the GOP Congress) would not just be for Trump. It would be for all future presidents. First, though, we need to do something about the madman with access to the nuclear codes. We need to do it now. The anonymous Republican knows it. They all do.Featured image via Mario Tama/Getty Images",0
2497, WATCH: NBC Reporter Calls Trump Out For Lying Repeatedly During Live Press Conference,"Donald Trump finally held his first solo press conference on Thursday and it did not go well at all.In fact, it was a complete and total disaster and an embarrassment.Throughout his remarks, Trump peppered the press and the American people with lie after lie.His principle target, of course, was the media, which he again accused of being  dishonest. The press has become so dishonest that if we don t talk about it, we are doing a tremendous disservice to the American people,  Trump said.  Tremendous disservice. We have to talk about it. We have to find out what s going on because the press, honestly, is out of control. The level of dishonesty is out of control. I ran for president to represent the citizens of our country. I am here to change the broken system so it serves their families and their communities well. I am talking, and really talking, on this very entrenched power structure and what we re doing is we re talking about the power structure. We re talking about its entrenchment. As a result, the media s going through what they have to go through to oftentimes distort   not all the time   and some of the media s fantastic, I have to say, honest and fantastic   but much of it is not. The distortion, and we ll talk about it, you ll be able to ask me questions about it. We re not going to let it happen because I m here, again, to take my message straight to the people.Trump went on to claim that he inherited a  mess  from President Obama and portrayed the world as an apocalyptic wasteland that only he can fix.And then he bragged about his Electoral College win again as some sort of proof that the American people love him.I put it out before the American people, got 306 electoral college votes. I wasn t supposed to get 222. They said there s no way to get 222. 230 is impossible. 270, which you need   that was laughable. We got 306. Because people came out and voted like they have never seen before. So that s the it goes. I guess it was the biggest electoral college win since Ronald Reagan. In other words, the media is trying to attack our administration because they know we are following through on pledges that we made, and they are not happy about it for whatever reason.Trump s press conference was a dumpster fire of lies. And NBC reporter Peter Alexander stepped up to the plate and called Trump out. You said today that you had the biggest electoral margin since Ronald Reagan,  Alexander began. He then proceeded to list President Obama s two electoral victories which were far bigger than Trump s in 2016.Trump then claimed that he was talking about Republican presidential wins.Overall, Trump s win is one of the smallest on record and he lost the popular vote by nearly three million votes.Faced with the facts and caught in a lie, Trump was asked  Why should Americans trust you? Trump claimed that he was given the information, suggesting that he was just reading remarks that someone told him to read.Alexander repeated his question and added to it. Why should Americans trust you when you accuse the information they receive as being fake when you re providing information that s fake?  he asked.All Trump could say in response was  I don t know. Here s the video via YouTube:Clearly, Donald Trump doesn t know how to do anything except lie. And this is why we have a free press to call him out for it.Featured image via screenshot",0
2498, Tapper SLAMS Trump For BIZARRE Behavior At ‘Wild’ And ‘Unhinged’ Presidential Presser (VIDEO),"There is certainly no love lost between CNN and the Trump Administration. Indeed, Donald Trump himself has called the mainstream news outlet   one of the most credible and trusted in the nation and world    fake news  for daring to report on the chaos coming out of the Trump White House. This hairy relationship is definitely  on full display on a regular basis when it comes to the host of The Lead and and State of the Union on CNN, Jake Tapper.Joining fellow CNN host Wolf Blitzer, Tapper took to the airwaves on Thursday to blast the bizarre and chaotic mess that passed for Trump s first presidential press conference since his inauguration. Tapper said of the spectacle, in which Trump was supposed to discuss his new nominee for Secretary of Labor Alexander Acosta: It was a wild press conference. He talked about [CNN reporter] Jim Acosta more than he talked about Alexander Acosta. He talked about Hillary Clinton more than he talked about Alexander Acosta. Tapper then went on to say that the presser was really just a way for Trump to rant, lamenting that Trump stepped on his own messages and activities in his first month as president and  instead of focusing on these accomplishments   it was an airing of grievances. It was Festivus. It was complaints about the media. At one point he said the leaks were real but the news is fake, which doesn t make any sense what so ever. He said things that were not true. If you are a soldier in harm s way right now, if you are a hungry child in Appalachia or the inner city, if you are an unemployed worker in the hallowed shell of a steel town, that s not a president who seemed rather focused on your particular needs and wants. That s a president that s focused on his bad press. Tapper then went one to sum it up thusly: It was unhinged, it was wild. A lot of Americans are going to watch that press conference and think, that guy wasn t focused on me and I don t know what he was focused on. Tapper is exactly right. Trump is clearly losing it in a fit of rage, and there s absolutely nothing to do but to conclude that he held that press conference to attack the media and other people he perceives to be enemies. He wanted to unload in front of a national and international audience, because he cannot accept the fact that most of what is going so wrong in his fledgling administration is the fault of his own ill-tempered, impulsive actions, and of the incompetence of his White House staff.In short, this man is in way over his head. He is most definitely unhinged   and he has the nuclear codes.Watch Tapper annihilate Trump below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
2499, LOL: Putin Is Angry Now Because Trump Gets More Media Coverage In Russia Than He Does,"Vladimir Putin is super pissed because Russian media is covering Donald Trump more than him, and he only has himself to blame.Over the course of the election, Putin ordered Russian state media to endorse and positively cover Trump s campaign in an effort to help Trump win against Hillary Clinton.Putin wanted a puppet in the White House, and he basically got one. After all, Russia is preparing for war in Europe in anticipation of Trump weakening NATO by pulling American support. Russia has also been getting really aggressive by simulating air attacks on a United States Navy destroyer and they have a spy ship parked really close to our shoreline. Russia has also deployed cruise missiles in violatio of a treaty. And if that s not enough, Trump is still expected to lift sanctions placed on Russia.The Kremlin is currently enjoying the fact that Trump has a bunch of pro-Russia staffers in his administration and Russian media loves that fact as well. So they have continued lavishing Trump with the kind of praise and ego-stroking that American media outlets refuse to provide.But Russian media won t be doing nearly as much now because Putin is reportedly tired of waiting for Trump to do his bidding and he is jealous of the media coverage Trump has been receiving.That s right. The honeymoon appears to be coming to an end between Trump and Putin, at least when it comes to how much Russian media covers him.According to Bloomberg, In January, Trump received more mentions in the media than Putin, relegating the Russian leader to the No. 2 spot for the first time since he returned to the Kremlin in 2012 after four years as premier, according to Interfax data. And so Putin has apparently ordered the Russian media to tone down their coverage of Trump so that Putin can get more coverage for himself. They won t pour buckets of criticism on Trump, they just won t talk about him much,  Russian journalist Konstantin von Eggert told Bloomberg.  The fate of Russia-American relations is much less predictable than it was just a few weeks ago. Indeed, a few weeks ago it looked certain that Trump would be able to get away with helping his buddy Putin take advantage of the United States. Now that Michael Flynn has busted Trump s connections with Russia wide open and Congress continues to discuss investigating the ties, Putin is not as confident Trump is the puppet he was looking for.But Americans should remain vigilant. Donald Trump is still in office, and until he is ousted permanently he will continue to be a threat to our national security. Putin could merely be making it appear like he and Trump are having a spat. He could be simply working behind the scenes or waiting until Trump s Russia scandal dies down.However, it s still damn hilarious that Putin is jealous of the media coverage his BFF is getting in his own backyard. Apparently, Putin is an attention-seeking snowflake just like Trump.Featured image credit   photo of Donald Trump by Joe Raedle/Getty Images. Photo of Vladimir Putin by Thierry Chesnot/Getty Images",0
2500, WATCH: CNN Host Fareed Zakaria ROASTS Trump For Embarrassing Press Conference With Netanyahu,"Donald Trump embarrassed himself and the nation yet again when he hosted Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Wednesday.And CNN host Fareed Zakaria blasted Trump for being woefully unprepared.Throughout the press conference, it appeared that Trump was making it up as he went along, often needing Netanyahu to jump in to answer questions. You can t get a sense whether this was a seriously thought-out issue or, as happens so much with Donald Trump, he was just kind of winging it,  Zakaria told Don Lemon.On whether he supports the two-state solution, Trump bragged that he and Netanyahu will strike a bigger deal.Zakaria pointed out that the kind of deal Trump is talking about has been on the table for 15 years since the Arab League offered to recognize Israel s existence in exchange of the creation of an independent Palestinian state.So let s just get this straight. A group of Arab nations offered Israel peace and all Israel had to do is go through with the two-state solution? Seriously!?Clearly, Israel is standing in the way of peace.Anyway, Zakaria also had a problem with Trump s answer to a question about the rise of anti-Semitism since he was elected. Trump responded by bragging about his Electoral College win and then mentioned that he has Jews in his family as if that s supposed to make everyone feel better about the rising anti-Semitism.Zakaria said that all Trump had to do is condemn anti-Semitism and call out any of his supporters who are contributing to its rise. But to that would mean angering all of the white nationalists, including Steve Bannon, who support him. The whole thing was kind of surreal, and why it was embarrassing to watch a President be so under-briefed and by given this assist by the Israeli Prime Minister,  Zakaria concluded.Here s the video via YouTube.Donald Trump needs to be better prepared for these press conferences. He is not going to be able to wing it for four years. The presidency is not something anyone can just  wing  and be successful at. That s clear considering Trump has been a disaster since he first took office.He needs to buckle down and start doing his homework. Maybe then he ll be able to actually discuss the issues instead of humiliating himself and our country.Featured image via screenshot",0
2501, Prominent Psychiatrist Gives One DAMNING Reason Why We Shouldn’t Call Trump ‘Mentally Ill’ (IMAGE),"Given Donald Trump s disastrous presidential campaign and his even worse first month in the White House, several experts have raised suspicions that Trump is mentally ill and must be evaluated immediately. However, for prominent psychiatrist Allen Francis, M.D., there s one major reason we shouldn t be calling Trump mentally ill   because he s something far, far worse.Dr. Frances, professor emeritus of psychiatry and behavior sciences at Duke University Medical Center, has just written a damning letter to the editor of The New York Times stating that regarding Trump as mentally ill is a direct insult to those with mental illnesses. According to Dr. Frances, who was involved in writing the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders IV (D.S.M.-IV), Trump  is bad, not mad  and  crazy only like a fox.  Frances said that claiming Trump has a mental illness is: a stigmatizing insult to the mentally ill (who are mostly well behaved and well meaning) to be lumped with Mr. Trump (who is neither).Unlike those with actual mental illnesses, Dr. Frances argues that Trump causes distress rather than experiencing it  and has been rewarded for his  grandiosity, self-absorption and lack of empathy.  Instead of busying ourselves trying to decide if Trump is mentally ill or not, Dr. Frances believes that: He can, and should, be appropriately denounced for his ignorance, incompetence, impulsivity and pursuit of dictatorial powers. Many mental health experts have spoken out about Trump before, but this is by far the most critical of them. No one can argue with Dr. Frances  assessment; everything Dr. Frances has pointed out about Trump s behavior have been things that Trump has done very publicly. You can read his full letter in The New York Times below: And is just the icing on the cake. Dr. Frances also wrote a blog post in Psychology Today in which he urged people to focus on Trump s actions instead of his mental state. Dr. Frances wrote: The urge among amateur diagnosticians to mislabel Trump as mentally ill is perfectly understandable. They are terrified (as am I) by his dictatorial and impulsive behavior and feel compelled to resort to psychiatric name calling as a way of delegitimizing him. But this is inaccurate, unnecessary, unfair to the mentally ill, ineffective, and badly off target.We must challenge Trump on his outrageous behaviors and constant lies, not on his mental status. Speculations on Trump s psychological motivations, or whether he believes his own lies, are both distracting and irrelevant.At this crucial moment, with our fragile democracy at serious risk, I really couldn t care less why Trump does what he does. It is his dangerous actions that count, not the psychological reasons he does them. Dr. Frances also tweeted this on Tuesday: I m so tired of amateur analyses of Trump s psychology or diagnosis. Focus on real danger- his grab of dictator power. Dr. Frances is dead right. While we may never understand what goes on in Trump s mind, the real threat to America is his love of unchecked power   and we shouldn t lose sight of that.Featured image via Mark Wilson / Getty Images",0
2502, Steve Bannon Insulted Reporters To Their Faces As They Waited Outside Press Secretary’s Office,"Just about every journalist who was waiting took to Twitter to report the incident of verbal harassment by Donald Trump s top adviser.As Trump continues to expect and demand that the media say nothing but good thing about him and his administration, Steve Bannon undermined him by directly insulting the many reporters who were lined up waiting outside of White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer s office on Wednesday afternoon.As the reporters were waiting, Steve Bannon walked out of the office with Reince Priebus and said,  the opposition party, all lined up! CNN s Jim Acosta wrote:Bannon with Priebus to reporters gathered outside Spicer s office:  the opposition party.  Jim Acosta (@Acosta) February 15, 2017The Dallas News was also there:Bannon emerges w/Priebus from @presssec office, spots 20 or so reporters camped out, says,  The opposition party, all lined up.  Todd J. Gillman (@toddgillman) February 15, 2017So was Roll Call:Steve Bannon and @Reince walk by reporters awaiting gaggle:  The opposition party all lined up,  Bannon said.  John T. Bennett (@BennettJohnT) February 15, 2017And the New York Times:Reince & Bannon emerged from Spicer s office just now, looked at scrum of reporters. Bannon:  The opposition party, all lined up.  Julie Davis (@juliehdavis) February 15, 2017The Daily Mail, too:Steve Bannon walks by a large group of reporters camping out, says to us,  The opposition party, all lined up.  Francesca Chambers (@fran_chambers) February 15, 2017Bannon has been calling the media the  opposition party  for a few weeks now and the term has disturbed media outlets and defenders of the free press because it s usually dictators who see the press as the enemy.During a phone call with the New York Times last month, Bannon whined about the media and said they should keep their  mouths shut and listen  and used the term  opposition party  to describe the media for the first time. The media should be embarrassed and humiliated and keep its mouth shut and just listen for awhile,  Bannon said.  I want you to quote this. The media here is the opposition party. They don t understand this country. They still do not understand why Donald Trump is the president of the United States. Clearly, Donald Trump and his team only consider conservative media outlets  real news  because they don t ask tough questions and they wholeheartedly support Trump and his destructive agenda. Over the last three press conferences, Trump has only taken questions from conservative outlets.But real journalists are supposed to be tough. They are supposed to ask hard-hitting questions. They are not supposed to be propaganda outlets for the president. But apparently that s what Trump and Bannon expect the media to be. If they had their way, America would not have a free press at all.Every time Bannon and Trump insult the media they are only provoking journalists. And provoked journalists work hard to expose the lies and scandals Trump doesn t want the American people to know about.Donald Trump and Steve Bannon are fascists. And fascists should not have any power whatsoever in our country. If that were not the case, our World War II generation would have just let the fascists win without a fight.And fighting is what the press and the American people must do now.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2503, Twitter Beautifully Fact Checks Trump In Real Time After He Calls Russia Scandal ‘Fake News’,"According to what White House press secretary Sean Spicer said, Trump requested the resignation of former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn due to the erosion of trust. Flynn lied to the administration regarding discussions with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Trump literally fired Flynn but he s now calling the scandal  fake news.  The amateur president has been lashing out at networks reporting on the scandal, calling them  fake news,  too. Thursday morning, Trump went on quite a tweet-storm. FAKE NEWS media, which makes up stories and  sources,  is far more effective than the discredited Democrats   but they are fading fast!,  Trump tweeted.FAKE NEWS media, which makes up stories and  sources,  is far more effective than the discredited Democrats   but they are fading fast!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 16, 2017In the following tweet, he wrote,  The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly (306), so they made up a story   RUSSIA. Fake news! The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly (306), so they made up a story   RUSSIA. Fake news!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 16, 2017Trump is clearly unhinged. Trump has previously admitted that Russia engaged in cyber attacks during the U.S. presidential election. And again, he fired Flynn for lying to the administration about talks with the Russian ambassador about sanctions. Regardless, today he s calling it fake news.The Internet pounced after Trump unleashed his crazy-time tweets and fact-checked him.@realDonaldTrump And Russia was not INVENTED by the Dems, it s been confirmed by the FBI that your aides had contact w/ Russian intelligence  Kristina Wong   (@mskristinawong) February 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/UvI5RGNyPl  Khary Penebaker (@kharyp) February 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump Your PHONE RECORDS show your campaign had contact with Russian Intelligence. Who invented that?  Kristina Wong   (@mskristinawong) February 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump It s not fake news when three of your advisers are forced to resign because of exposed Russian ties.  Ruwayda Mustafah (@RuwaydaMustafah) February 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump It s not fake news when foreign banks such as Deutsche bank start to investigate your account for Russian links.  Ruwayda Mustafah (@RuwaydaMustafah) February 16, 2017 It can t be leaked information and fake news. @realDonaldTrump yesterday you were saying it was  leaked information . It can t be leaked information and fake news.  Matt Haig (@matthaig1) February 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump You know what s not fake news? Your approval rating https://t.co/MOjPG26MIu  Brandon Neely (@BrandonTXNeely) February 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump You should release your taxes to prove to the Dems and failing/lying media you have ZERO financial entanglement with Russia  Evan Dashevsky (@haldash) February 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump #TrumpLied? #FlynnGhazi #RiggedElection #WaterGate #maddow pic.twitter.com/k2NYaW8e3B  Diva (@sammypolsen12) February 16, 2017.@mikd33 @jules_su @realDonaldTrump General Mattisjust CONFIRMED Russian involvement in election.You gonna ask for HIS resignation too?  JustJanis (@jsavite) February 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump but the FBI isn t  the democrats  Brandon Keating (@BrandonTalks) February 16, 2017.@mikd33 @jules_su @realDonaldTrump General Mattisjust CONFIRMED Russian involvement in election.You gonna ask for HIS resignation too?  JustJanis (@jsavite) February 16, 2017.@realDonaldTrump  Russia, if you re listening, I hope you re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing.  https://t.co/3tMzMn2EN6  Shannon Watts (@shannonrwatts) February 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump You have literally fired 3 advisors because of their ties to Russia. The only fake news is you being a legitimate president  Matthew A. Cherry (@MatthewACherry) February 16, 2017 You fuck nut. @realDonaldTrump you fuck nut  nicholasstoller ?? (@nicholasstoller) February 16, 2017Trump won t even take questions about Flynnghazi from reporters.  And by the way, there s a Russian spy ship patrolling off the coast of the U.S. Presently, it s near Virginia. So naturally, Trump is planning to hold a rally in Florida.Photo by Isaac Brekken/Getty Images with added tweet.",0
2504, Trump Just Demanded The New York Times APOLOGIZE For Exposing Treason; It Didn’t Go Well For Him (TWEETS),"Donald Trump s slow and visibly painful meltdown over his administration (and campaign) getting caught colluding with the Russian government continued Thursday, with The Donald once again attacking the media for reporting it. Leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in Washington for years. Failing @nytimes (and others) must apologize!  Trump demanded.Leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in Washington for years. Failing @nytimes (and others) must apologize!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 16, 2017The New York Times was instrumental in bringing much of the information we know so far about the Trump administration s criminal dealings with Russia to light. Naturally, the LOSERS on Twitter were quick to BIGLY Point out that he s full of Bannon:.@realDonaldTrump Remember when you said that @nytimes was ""very nice""? https://t.co/B7ymYb33Yb  Simon Hedlin (@simonhedlin) February 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump @nytimes Just as soon as you apologize for your *light treason*  Jules Suzdaltsev (@jules_su) February 16, 2017.@jules_su true: pic.twitter.com/Rj66MLFOA4  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) February 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump ALSO, are you now verifying everything the Times reported about your Russia contacts?  Evan Dashevsky (@haldash) February 16, 2017.@realDonaldTrump No, you should apologize for your collusion with the Russians!  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) February 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump @nytimes You are blaming a check engine light for a blown motor.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) February 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump @nytimes do you think the press apologized for watergate leaks??  Impeach Donald Trump (@Impeach_D_Trump) February 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump @nytimes I'm confused. Why should the press apologize for reporting facts from solid sources?  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) February 16, 2017@realdonaldtrump Facts > your lies. pic.twitter.com/LuXBVzfZBl  Ben Lang (@benln) February 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump The @nytimes is still not failing. Record subscriptions since the election. Stock STILL at a 52 week high. KILLING IT! pic.twitter.com/XITt2JJe1H  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) February 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump @nytimes When you keep asking whistleblowers to apologize, that means you're hiding something. We'll find it!  Ben Berkon (@BenBerkon) February 16, 2017But Trump wasn t done. He vowed that he will catch those responsible for exposing the corruption in his administration:The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 16, 2017And, of course, The Donald slammed the  fake news  media for writing  stories  using  sources. FAKE NEWS media, which makes up stories and ""sources,"" is far more effective than the discredited Democrats   but they are fading fast!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 16, 2017Ultimately, Trump says, this whole Russia thing   the one that has been confirmed by 17 U.S. intelligence agencies   is just  fake news  made up by the Democrats to explain away Hillary Clinton s massive popular vote win (and Trump s victory-by-technicality):The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly (306), so they made up a story   RUSSIA. Fake news!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 16, 2017Pay attention to the way he is acting. When Trump wakes up and rambles incoherently, it means that he is worried. It means that he is lying.He also thinks he will get away with it. It is up to us to make sure he doesn t. Never stop leaking. Never stop telling the truth. Never stop resisting. Never submit.Featured image via Getty Images (Chip Somodevilla)/screengrab",0
