id,title,text,label
7515, Here’s How Lying Trump Supporters Turned A Random Protester Into ‘ISIS’ (TWEETS),"Donald Trump and his supporters are absolutely crazy. There is video that has surfaced from a rally from this weekend with his supporters doing a Hitler-esque salute and telling reporters to go to Auschwitz, and of course we all know about the outbreaks of racist violence. Well, the one that really takes the case is how Trump and his supporters have managed to make a great part of his ignorant base believe that a protester who rushed the stage is somehow connected the terrorist group ISIS.The protester, identified as 22-year-old college student and activist Thomas DiMassimo, is in no way tied to ISIS. However, Trump and his supporters have plowed on with this ridiculous and untrue theory. Trump was questioned about the spreading of this lie on a recent edition of Meet The Press, when the shutting down of his Chicago rally due to violence was addressed. He gave his usual crazy and uninformed answer, and said,  All I know is what s on the internet. So, we have a guy who literally is winning the race to be a presidential nominee who lies all the time and admits to believing everything he reads online. That s scary as hell, to say the least. He even tweeted out the fake video created by his lying fans:USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail! https://t.co/tkzbHg7wyD?ssr=true  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 12, 2016Journalist John Harwood tweeted this ridiculous travesty:Trump response to being told video connecting rally protestor to ISIS is a hoax: ""all I know is what's on the Internet""  John Harwood (@JohnJHarwood) March 13, 2016Of course, we also know that Trump is now threatening protesters with arrests that will  ruin their lives  if they exercise their First Amendment rights against the hateful environment of his rallies as well. His supporters are also still steadily spreading the lie that DiMassimo is an ISIS supporter, though the FBI has thoroughly debunked that claim. The edited video that they used to promote that dangerous nonsense was actually of the young man at a protest that had nothing to do with ISIS. DiMassimo says of his reasons for rushing Trump on stage and taking the disorderly conduct charge: We must nonviolently shut down every Trump rally. We must stop this violent, foolish man from taking this country and destroying it. Thomas DiMassimo is absolutely correct. Trump is America s Adolf Hiter, and the really scary part is that a lot of people are too blinded by bigotry, hate, and fear to see it.Featured image via video screen capture from Addicting Info archives",0
7516, This Constitutional Attorney Is Schooling Trump On Twitter And It’s Hilarious (TWEETS),"Ever since Donald Trump decided to cancel his campaign rally in Chicago, he and the conservative media have been doing everything they can to spin the narrative. They really want people to believe that protesters denied Trump his First Amendment rights   which is patently absurd.One constitutional attorney, Andrew Seidel,  who works as for the Freedom from Religion Foundation, has been schooling some of Trump s supporters on the law and it is hilarious. Seidel wrote up an account of his educational trolling on Storify. That s where he wrote: The rise of Donald Trump as a presidential candidate stopped being funny a few months ago. It s serious. This man, who is too thin-skinned to hear an insult, will have control of our nuclear arsenal. He will have a presidential podium to hawk his steak, wine, and other infomercialesque products. The lives of every American serviceman and woman will be in his tiny hands. Put simply, we have a duty stop bullies from attaining political power and Trump is nothing but a scared bully. When he started claiming his First Amendment rights were being violated by protesters fed up with his vitriol and dishonesty, I couldn t let it go. Here is how Seidel fought back against Trump s lies./1 The First Amendment protects citizens from the government, not from unfriendly audiences. @realDonaldTrump  Andrew Seidel (@AndrewLSeidel) March 12, 2016/2 I.e., the President couldn t  open up  libel laws against the media without violating two 1st Amendment rights: free speech and press.  Andrew Seidel (@AndrewLSeidel) March 12, 2016/3 i.e., the President couldn t assault reporters or have his staff rough them up so as not to dirty his tiny hands.  Andrew Seidel (@AndrewLSeidel) March 12, 2016/4 The government didn t shut down your rally, in fact, the police didn t even raise safety concerns (despite what you ve said).  Andrew Seidel (@AndrewLSeidel) March 12, 2016/5 The protesters were exercising their First Amendment rights to free speech and assembly. That s why the police didn t shut them down.  Andrew Seidel (@AndrewLSeidel) March 12, 2016/6 You see @realdonaldtrump, the First Amendment protects everyone, including fascists like yourself.  Andrew Seidel (@AndrewLSeidel) March 12, 2016/7 the First Amendment is the only thing that allows you to be such an insufferable, insubstantial blowhard.  Andrew Seidel (@AndrewLSeidel) March 12, 2016/8 and the only thing keeping your ass from getting sued for inciting violence, though you re not toeing that line very well. Could happen.  Andrew Seidel (@AndrewLSeidel) March 12, 2016As Seidel has so beautifully demonstrated, Trump s claims about Chicago s protesters are absolutely ridiculous.If we look at some of the facts surrounding the events that unfolded on Chicago Friday night, it is is very clear that Trump was asking to have a huge protest response. Not to sound too conspiratorial, but it almost as if his campaigned planned this. Chicago is a bastion of leftist radical organizing. It would have been shocking if there hadn t been a massive demonstration at the campaign event.His campaign staff made the conscious decision to hold an event at the University of Illinois at Chicago. A racially diverse University with a politically active student body and a heavy Black Lives Matter activist presence. Now, Trump is using the rally as a justification for his supporters to go to Bernie Sanders  rallies to protest Sanders. Trump is also once again enjoying having total domination of the media s focus.Now, Trump isn t an idiot. He is, however,  a master manipulator. He knows that his rights were not violated. He is only using this narrative to further crystallize his followers support and lionize them to take bolder actions against his opponents. The media needs to start calling him out on his bullsh*t the same way that Mr. Seidel is doing.Featured image from Gage Skidmore via Flickr with tweets added.  ",0
7517," Trump Supporters Give Nazi Salute, Tell Reporters To ‘Go To F*cking Auschwitz’ (VIDEO)","Donald Trump may deny that his appeal among right-leaning individuals is deeply rooted in Nazism, but it s becoming more and more difficult for him to distract from who his supporters really are. The billionaire, who has made headlines for tweeting out white supremacist propaganda and for gaining the unwavering support of racists across the nation, repeatedly says the things that many conservatives wish they could say without getting kicked out of a restaurant or losing their jobs   Muslims should not be allowed to enter the country, Mexicans are all rapists, beating up black people is perfectly fine as long as it s done in his name (he ll even pay the legal fees for anyone who does it).In January, an analysis of Trump s Twitter traffic revealed that not only were 68 percent of the people he retweeted the week of January 26 white supremacists, but that 58% of the top 50 white supremacist Twitter accounts follow Trump   figures even The Donald s most die-hard detractors likely did  Nazi  coming. White supremacist groups campaign for Trump fairly regularly, so it is unsusprising that many Nazis feel quite at home at his rallies especially since Trump recently worked the good ole  Sieg Heil  into his events in the form of a f*cked-up loyalty pledge.On Saturday, video surfaced of Trump s supporters doing what they do best. The footage, apparently shot as Trump fans were leaving the event and were full of Trumpitude, shows numerous supporters tossing up the Nazi salute that has almost become a symbol for the 2016 hopeful.One man, wearing a backward baseball cap and a New York Yankees t-shirt, took things a goose-step father than a simple salute, though.If you can identify this man, please message me via any of the methods of contact in my bio.  JohnThe unidentified man told a Dutch reporter and protesters:Other supporters followed up with their own Hitler salutes, and all the while the crowd chanted,  Trump, Trump, Trump. While, surely, these individuals simply want to  make America great again,  one must question why they feel it necessary to emulate one of history s most horrible dictators while doing so.These supporters aren t the first, nor will they be the last, to  Sieg Heil  for The Donald as they scream for black people to  Go back to Africa. Recently, a 69-year-old woman in a Trump t-shirt was photographed tossing up her own Nazi salute, though she says she was simply showing protesters how to perfom the action properly. She s totally not a Nazi. Neither are the folks who tossed up their own salute as they screamed for people to be thrown into concentration camps.They just love America. Right? RIGHT?Watch the chilling scene unfold below:Featured image via screengrab",0
7518, Johnny Depp GOES OFF On Donald Trump: He’s ‘A BRAT!’ (VIDEO),"Johnny Depp will not be voting for Donald Trump, judging from the award-winning actor s comments during a recent sit-down Q&A at Arizona State University on Saturday.The Q&A was focused around the methods Depp uses in his acting, but the actor couldn t help but go off on a Trump rant while speaking with theoretical physicist and Arizona State University s Origins Project founder Lawrence Krauss about  humanity in madness. Depp didn t mince his words as he railed against the GOPer, calling him a  brat.  Depp began by stating that he didn t think the candidate s offensive behavior was merely a result of  him being a rich kid.  Depp added,  There s something creative about him in a sense of bullydom  before ultimately coming to the conclusion that  What he is, I believe, is a brat. Depp also commented on Trump s raunchy, brash language by stating how interesting it was to follow the absurdity of where his sentences might travel.  Depp continued: Reagan back in the day,  Mr. Gorbachev, tear down that wall!  Donald Trump,  I m going to build a wall. And all of my billions are not going to have to pay for it. Because you know why? Mexico is going to pay for it.' What follows after those thoughts is one of the most amazing, dead-on Trump impressions by the actor, which the audience went absolutely wild for. You can watch Depp go in on Trump below:Depp has attacked Trump before, and seems to have his impression of him down pat. Last month, Depp impersonated the business mogul in a hilarious Funny Or Die video that was based on Trump s bestselling book The Art of the Deal.Depp is just the latest person to join the droves of celebrities speaking out against Trump. Just this weekend, singer John Legend also publicly railed against the Republican front runner when he called Trump out on Twitter. Trump has also recently been condemned by Louis C.K., Miley Cyrus, George Clooney, and Stephen King  and we don t blame these celebrities for doing everything they can to wake Americans up. As long as Trump has a chance at the White House, America is in big trouble and we need everyone to speak up against him. Featured image via video screen capture",0
7519, Legendary Investigative Journalist Carl Bernstein Confirms Trump Is A Fascist (VIDEO),"Veteran investigative reporter Carl Bernstein outed Donald Trump as a fascist on Sunday, and if you don t believe him just Google the definition of fascism and you ll see he s right.During an appearance on CNN, Bernstein was asked by Brian Stelter why he thinks Trump is a neo-fascist and the former Washington Post reporter who broke the Watergate scandal wide open in the 1970s obliged. It is a difficult term, and the word  neo  has a lot to do with it   meaning a new kind of fascist in our culture, dealing with an authoritarian demagogic point of view,  Bernstein began. Nativist, racist, anti-immigrant bigotry that he appeals to. I think we need to look to the past  and I m not talking about Hitlerism and genocide. I m not drawing a direct paralel to Mussolini.But it is a kind of American fascism we haven t seen before. This goes beyond George Wallace, who was merely a racist. This goes to authoritarianism and the desire for a strong man who doesn t trust the institutions and democracy and government. Bernstein then slammed the media for not examining Trump and fascism more closely during this campaign. We now need on cable news to have a debate, a historical debate on what fascism was and is and how Donald Trump fits in the picture. Because it is something very foreign to our political cutltue in terms of the 20th, 21st century. That s going on in print and online but it is not part of our debate on cable. No interviewer as far as I know has asked Donald Trump, what is fascism, Mr. Trump, how are you different from the fascist message? When asked to confirm that he is calling Trump a neo-fascist, Bernstein responded in the affirmative, pointing out that Trump incites violence at his rallies and uses a methodology similar to ones used by fascist leaders of the past, which includes nativism. Berstein also stressed that up to now he had never used the term to  describe a living American politician. Here s the video via YouTube.Bernstein isn t the first to point out that Donald Trump is acting an awful lot like a fascist.The Daily Show with Trevor Noah also perfectly demonstrated how Trump is a fascist.Fascism is  a cult of action, celebrating aggressive masculinity, fear of outsiders, intense nationalism, intolerance of criticism, and resentment of national humiliation  Noah and the Daily Show team discovered.  I m shitting myself,  Noah remarked.  It all lines up so perfectly, doesn t it? It almost stops being funny as you re watching it. And even actor George Clooney called Trump a fascist during an interview with The Guardian earlier this month.And quite frankly, Bernstein, Noah, and Clooney are all correct when they say Donald Trump is a fascist. For months, Trump has viciously attacked immigrants and journalists while bragging about his masculinity and how America needs to be a bully in the world. He has also adopted anti-women rhetoric and even managed to lead his supporters into pledging themselves to him with a Nazi salute that looked eerily like something out of Nazi Germany.Make no mistake, Trump is scary and he is only becoming more frightening as he moves closer to winning the Republican nomination. We could, indeed, be watching the first fascist rise to national power in the United States. Don t believe me? Just click here.And if you need any more proof, consider this. Earlier this month, a Holocaust survivor spoke up and said Trump reminded him a lot of Adolf Hitler. If that doesn t make you believe Trump is a fascist who seriously threatens our nation, nothing will. Featured image via Twitter",0
7520, SNL Perfectly Skewers Trump And His Band Of Malicious Merry Morons (VIDEO),"With everything going on at Donald Trump rallies lately, it was only a matter of time before Saturday Night Live took notice and included it in one of their sketches.  However, they took it one step further and perfectly wove Dr. Ben Carson s endorsement of Trump into this past Saturday s cold open.Jay Pharoah appears as Carson and says: Donald and I are very different. We re like night and day. Ebony and orangey. But he backs The Donald nonetheless and leaves the stage only to moments later reappear with a  Trump steak  over one of his eyes. This is when Darrell Hammond as Trump says to the crowd: Guys, what did I say? Not this one. This is one of the good ones! Clearly insinuating that Carson was beat up because he was black and his supporters mistook him as one of the many protesters getting beat up recently at Trump rallies.The racism and violence coming out of the Trump campaign is utterly abhorrent. Trump himself is not only condoning it, but offering to pay legal fees, and encouraging it. Kudos to Saturday Night Live for this hilarious satirical spin. However, the reality of what s going on is no laughing matter at all. Featured image via video screen capture",0
7521, WATCH: Bernie Sanders Absolutely BERNS Donald Trump During Interview,"Donald Trump and his and the conservative media have been pushing a conspiracy theory that Bernie Sanders and his supporters are responsible for shutting down his rally in Chicago Friday.During a segment on CNN s State of the Union, Sanders fired back at Trump for some of the absurd claims the Republican primary front-runner has made. For a start, we should take Mr. Trump s words with a grain of salt,  Sanders told the show s host, Jake Tapper.  Because I think almost everybody knows, this man cannot stop lying about anything. To call me a communist is a lie. To talk about our organization, our campaign, disrupting his meeting is a lie. As I have previously pointed out, Trump decided to cancel his rally in Chicago. It was an event open to the public. The public showed up and Trump could not handle that. As Sanders notes, Trump s Republican primary rivals have even pointed out that Trump got what he was asking for. Even his Republican colleagues make this point,  Sanders went on to say.  His language, his intonations, when you talk about carrying people out in stretchers, you see at his rallies people sucker-punched, folks kick people when they re down. This is a man who keeps implying violence, and then you end up getting what you see. Sanders is drawing on a comment made by Marco Rubio, who said: I know people like it that Donald Trump says whatever he wants and whatever they feel like saying. Presidents cannot say anything they want. Presidents have to understand that their words have consequences, often life and death consequences, for real people in the real world. Then there is the fact that Trump has frequently encouraged his followers to inflict violence against those who protest his events. With the media focused on Chicago last Friday, many people didn t see the chaos Trump s supporters unleashed in St Louis earlier that day. I think that he, in fact, has got to tell his supporters that in the United States of America we don t go beating up people, that people have a right to peacefully protest, and I hope that becomes the tone of his campaign. You can watch the interview below in full.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hwe5R3VsQYMFeatured image via video screen capture ",0
7522, Trump Gets Snippy After Being Asked To Dial Down His Violent Rhetoric (VIDEO),"Donald Trump lost his temper on CNN when Jake Tapper asked him to be a leader and tone down the violent rhetoric of his campaign.On Sunday, Trump appeared on CNN and was immediately confronted by Tapper about how the Republican front-runner has incited violence during his rallies that have led to his supporters carrying out vicious attacks against non-white protesters.Last week, an old white Trump supporter sucker-punched a young black man during a rally in North Carolina and suggested he and friends would kill him if he shows up to another rally.During the same rally, yet another white Trump supporter yelled obscenities at a black man and slapped him.Both incidents were caught on video and neither of the white men were arrested or kicked out of the rally at the time.And since then, Trump rallies have only gotten worse as rallies in St. Louis and Chicago nearly turned into race wars.But Trump refused to tone his rhetoric down on Sunday, insisting that he was the victim and that his supporters are peaceful people who love America. He also accused Bernie Sanders of sending his supporters to disrupt the rallies and claimed that he hasn t incited violence at all even though he has been caught on tape doing exactly that.When Tapper tried to convince Trump to be a real leader and stop inciting violence, Trump became snippy.TAPPER:  People are getting hurt and people are actually concerned that somebody might get seriously, seriously injured. You are not taking down the temperature. You are, in the views of many of your fellow Republicans, making things worse, inciting, encouraging violence. And you re a leader, sir. You re the front-runner in the Republican Party. TRUMP:  Excuse me, excuse me! My fellow Republicans are running against me, they are losing bigly. The Donald then proceeded to lose his temper by nastily attacking his opponents and accusing Tapper of not covering his campaign rallies truthfully, yelling over Tapper and interrupting him while bashing CNN and claiming that  zero  people have been injured at his rallies.When Tapper could actually get a word in, he once again asked Trump to dial back his rhetoric for the sake of the country. Trump responded that Tapper should be more accurate in his reporting.TAPPER:  I would just ask as a fellow American if you could consider whether or not dialing down the temperature, might be a healthier thing, both for your campaign and for the nation the nation at large. TRUMP:  Well, you should report it right because we ve had no injuries at my events. So, you know, do what you have to do. Here s the video via YouTube.Clearly, Trump is lying when he says nobody has been injured at his rallies. There are countless videos of protesters being roughed up or flat-out assaulted by his supporters as Trump eggs them on. As we get closer and closer to the nomination, Trump has become more and more dangerous as his rallies have basically become full-blown Klan and neo-Nazi rallies where white racists feel right at home. What once sounded like a joke campaign has now become America s worst nightmare and it isn t over yet.Featured image via screen capture",0
7523, This Sheriff Has Threatened To Arrest The CEO Of Apple For Protecting Your Privacy (VIDEO),"Apple s fight against the FBI on behalf of the privacy rights of their customers has taken a chilling turn, with law enforcement officers openly threatening to arrest CEO Tim Cook personally if his company denies their requests.Grady Judd, Sheriff of Polk County Florida, issued a threat of arrest to Apple CEO Tim Cook during a press conference on Sunday. Asked how he would respond if Apple (or any other telecommunications company) ever declines a request to hack a phone on behalf of law enforcement agencies, Judd gave an angry response: I can tell you, the first time we do have trouble getting into a cellphone, we re going to seek a court order from Apple. And when they deny us, I m going to go lock the CEO of Apple up,  he ranted. I ll lock the rascal up. Judd is not alone in attempting to apply this personal threat of arrest to the CEO simply for attempting to secure the privacy rights of his customers. As Newsweek reports:Judd s strong sentiments against encryption fall in line with those of other outspoken law enforcement officials in the United States. Many police departments and district attorney s offices have struggled with police investigations because of encrypted smartphones they cannot crack, Newsweek learned last month. Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. testified before Congress regarding these frustrations alongside Apple s general counsel, Bruce Sewell, and FBI Director James Comey on March 1.Judd added:  You cannot create a business model to go,  We re not paying attention to the federal judge or the state judge. You see, we re above the law.  The CEO of Apple needs to know he s not above the law, and neither is anybody else in the United States. Apple has stated that if they were to comply with the request of law enforcement, they would be creating a master key that would unlock any iPhone. Once created, this masterkey could then be used for nefarious reasons by law enforcement, government, criminal and terrorist organizations around the world.In an attempt to bully Apple into surrendering the privacy rights of their customers, senior officers in law enforcement, the security services, and even government, are applying pressure to Apple as a company, and the CEO Tim Cook personally. If this doesn t scare you, it should.",0
7524," Donald Trump Has His ‘ISIS Attacked My Rally’ Hoax Blown Wide Open, Live On-Air (VIDEO)","Donald Trump has been caught using doctored video to claim that a protester who rushed the stage at a rally in Dayton, Ohio this week has links to ISIS. But during an interview with Chuck Todd, the whole scam fell apart, live on-air.The Republican front runner was seen to panic and sweat profusely on Saturday, when the secret service moved on a single protester at a rally in Dayton, Ohio.After the event, and clearly smarting from the very public unravelling of his  tough guy  persona, Trump sought to ratchet up the scale of the threat against him. Later that night, Trump tweeted his near 7 million followers on Twitter to let them know the protester was actually a  maniac  with  ties to ISIS  alongside a video he cites as evidence.USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail! https://t.co/tkzbHg7wyD?ssr=true  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 12, 2016But there was one rather big problem with this approach. This video is a hoax.The first to uncover the scam were BuzzFeed, who report:[T]he alleged ISIS video actually appears to have been cobbled together from old footage in an attempt to troll Dimassimo That footage, however, appears to be lifted from a video Dimassimo himself seems to have posted to YouTube. Dimassimo s video lacks the music and images typical of ISIS productions. The description also states that the protest was done in solidarity with Eric Sheppard, a Valdosta State University student who made headlines in 2015 for standing on an American flag.When Trump attempted to repeat the lie regardless during an interview on Meet The Press on Sunday morning, host Chuck Todd shut the candidate down with a series of questions that exposed the lie.(watch from 5min 27secs)Trumps response? What do I know about it? All I know is what s on the internet. Ladies and Gentlemen, is this the kind of person you really want sitting in the White House and representing American interests abroad?Featured Image via YouTube Screengrab",0
7525, What Ann Coulter Just Called Fox News And Ted Cruz Takes The GOP Civil War To Another Level (IMAGE),"This one has to be seen to be believed.Liberals no longer have to accuse Fox News or Ted Cruz of conspiring against America. All they have to do is let Ann Coulter do it for them.The right-wing Trump supporter sounded off on Cruz and the conservative network in a Twitter post that turned into a rant about Mexicans, black people, and communists. Fox News & Cruz are American traitors, in league with the liberal establishment,  Coulter wrote.  Silent majority must face fire from a unified oligarchy. Fox News & Cruz are American traitors, in league with the liberal establishment. Silent majority must face fire from a unified oligarchy.  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) March 12, 2016Coulter finally admits that Fox News and Ted Cruz are traitors to this country, but it s strange that she considers them liberals. Ted Cruz rode the Tea party wave the Senate in 2012 and is as right-wing as they get. And it s not like Fox News has ever done anything except attack Democrats and the policies they support and let s not forget that Fox News helping create Trump and put him in the position to become the Republican front-runner.But Coulter wasn t done yet. Soon after that tweet, she proceeded to disparage minorities, even going so far as to call them  animals.  And she referred to Cruz as a  fascist  who took their side. On the other hand, left-wing fascists violently shut down a peaceful Trump rally last night & Cruz + the entire media took the animals  side  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) March 12, 2016Coulter is wrong, of course. Fascism is a right-wing movement. Ann really needs to learn her place on the political spectrum.And then she referred to black teens as  hoodlums. I apologize if one of my tweets last night came off as insensitive. Usually  black hoodlum  wordfilters to  teen.  Don t know what happened.  Conservative Pundit (@DemsRRealRacist) March 12, 2016But at least she got in a good knock on Marco Rubio that we can all appreciate. Rubio proud no violent protesters at his rallies. Physics question: Is it possible for 4 people to riot?  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) March 12, 2016Get more popcorn, folks. Because the GOP civil war just got crazier.Featured image: Twitter",0
7526, This Video Shows Trump Backing Racial Violence In A Shocking Way We Haven’t Seen Before,"Donald Trump moved a step closer to officially sanctioning racial violence being committed in his name by telling multiple media outlets that he would be  take a look at  paying the legal fees for John McGraw, who punched a black protester at a Trump rally in North Carolina.Appearing on Meet the Press with Chuck Todd, Trump accused the protester of being  very taunting  and being  very loud, very disruptive  and  sticking a certain finger up in the air  so he would  take a look at  paying the legal fees.While Todd is usually complacent with conservative Republicans on his show making bizarre allegations, even he appeared to be taken aback with Trump s show of solidarity, and asked if the leading Republican candidate was condoning the attack. Trump argued that he had not condoned the assault, despite doing just that, and said,  maybe [the attacker] doesn t like seeing what s happening to the country. The man who Trump says he has instructed his legal team into looking into helping was no benign protester. Multiple videos showed McGraw sucker punching the protester as he was being taken out of Trump s rally. In a video posted right after the incident, McGraw proudly said,  The next time we see him, we might have to kill him. McGraw was arrested and has been charged with assault, disorderly conduct and communicating threats. The police department is also investigating why McGraw was not arrested immediately on site by the police officers tasked with maintaining security at the Trump rally.Trump has repeatedly made up racial and ethnic scapegoats for his mostly white base of supporters to blame for society s ills and problems, feeding into a narrative pushed for decades by white supremacists and white power groups. He has blamed Latinos, black activists, and Muslims for problems like terrorism, drugs, unemployment and even the failure to say  Merry Christmas. It is an audience primed to explode into violence, and as Secretary Hillary Clinton said,  If you play with matches, you re going to start a fire you can t control. That s not leadership. That s political arson. Featured image via YouTube",0
7527, Donald Trump Tweets Out Direct Threat To Bernie Sanders And His Supporters (TWEET),"What s happening in the United States is not okay. What s being allowed to happen is not okay. We currently have a person running for President of the United States who is not only condoning violence, but instigating and encouraging it. Recent Donald Trump rallies have turned into something very reminiscent of Nazi Germany from the 1930s and 40s. If this doesn t terrify you, wake up. If you approve of this, you re part of the problem.In yet another move to motivate his band of merry morons who are clearly unhinged and will do his bidding at a moment s notice, Trump tweets out a direct threat to Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders as well as his supporters who attend his rallies. The real estate mogul seems to think that Sanders is lying when he says that his supporters aren t told to go to Trump events, so he took that as his cue to threaten Sanders back.Trump said: Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren t told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours! Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 13, 2016This threat isn t even thinly veiled. Telling someone to  be careful  insinuates harm may follow. He s literally giving permission and telling his version of brownshirts to go to Sanders rallies. This tweet will most certainly encourage several of his supporters to go. This is getting very scary, folks, and Trump needs to be held accountable for inciting violence.Bernie Sanders has since spoken out against Trump and his ridiculous allegations. The Sanders campaign just retweeted this to make the message clear. Bernie said while on ABC News: Well, I think anybody who understands Mr. Trump s campaign knows that he tells the truth very, very rarely, and I m afraid that on this occasion, he s lying again. First of all, he calls me a communist, obviously that s a lie. Then he says that our campaign is organizing disruptions of his rallies, that s a lie  We have millions of supporters out there, and clearly some of them were at that rally along with many many other protesters. But to say that we organized that   totally untrue. WATCH: @BernieSanders says @realDonaldTrump's claim he organized protesters at Trump rally is ""totally untrue."" https://t.co/ZaGeKnEZ11  This Week (@ThisWeekABC) March 13, 2016Featured imag via Flickr/Flickr",0
7528, Caitlyn Jenner Said Something About Trump That Will Make You Hate Her Even More,"When Caitlyn Jenner first announced that she was going to embrace her true self, the LGBT community was behind her and with good reason. The former olympic athlete and longtime motivational speaker had the opportunity to be an amazing spokesperson for the transgender community but then she screwed it up. Instead of supporting her new community by condemning the Republican Party s bigotry, she has stood firm and refused to acknowledge it. Now, she has dug herself a hole that it seems like she may never get out of.Last week on the season premiere of I Am Cait, Jenner said that Republican men have never been anti-LGBT and are for  everyone s rights.  We pointed out how ignorant a statement that was on Monday. But it seems that she wasn t done being a dumbass, because on the previews for the next episode she said this about Donald Trump: Um, I m not a big fan because, I think, of his macho attitude. I think he would have a hard time with women when he doesn t even realize it It doesn t mean he wouldn t be good for women s issues, I think he would be very good for women s issues.I don t think he s out there to destroy women or takes things away or do any of that kind of stuff. Jenner is so out-of-touch with reality, it s almost sad. Donald Trump would be absolutely horrible for women s issues. He was once pro-choice, but now he s not. He insults women all the time. He doesn t support marriage equality. And he s just an all around horrible human being.Meanwhile, in the same clip she called Hillary a, f*cking liar. She s literally supporting a guy who Politifact has found to be dishonest seventy-six percent of the time, but has the audacity to call Clinton a liar. Her ignorance is breathtaking and it s really no wonder the LGBT community wants nothing to do with her anymore. With friends like Jenner, they don t need enemies like Trump.Watch:Featured image via video screenshot",0
7529, Georgia Is Going To Waste $2 Million On Deceptive ‘Abortion Clinics’ That Lie To Women,"Crisis Pregnancy Centers are fake medical offices where religious fanatics pretend to be doctors and nurses to terrorize and deceive desperate women into not having an abortion. And Georgia wants to give them $2 million in taxpayer dollars to do it:Georgia lawmakers have approved state funding of up to $2m for unlicensed crisis pregnancy centers, dubbed  fake abortion clinics  by some advocates.The bill, which specifies that abortion care should not be mentioned when discussing healthcare options for pregnant women, will now go before Governor Nathan Deal for his signature.Remember when Republicans used to talk about  small government?  It really doesn t get much larger than Republicans telling people that they can t discuss a 100% legal and constitutional medical procedure because it offends their religious sensibilities.The best part about this is that these clinics are not regulated so they can say any damn thing they want (expect anything about abortion, apparently). They can lie about abortions causing cancer. They can lie and show a picture of a baby in its third trimester and say that s what it looks like after 6 weeks. Raw Story also mentions that they lie about the effectiveness of condoms and claim birth control causes. Why? Because they don t give a damn about the woman, they only care about getting her pregnant and keeping that way.This dangerous ploy has not gone unnoticed: We re going to give $2m out to organizations not even licensed by the State of Georgia to provide medical care in any way?  said Staci Fox, the CEO of Planned Parenthood Southeast.  If this is really about providing access to women, shouldn t we be concerned about who it is that is giving that access? Only in Republican America do we have people willing to put the lives of women in jeopardy for religious beliefs and still, in all sincerity, call themselves  pro-life. Featured image via AI archives. ",0
7530, Trump Threatens To Ruin Protesters’ Lives In Fiery New Speech (VIDEO),"By now, everyone has heard of the violence and chaos that got a Donald Trump rally cancelled in Chicago, Illinois on Friday. Trump is, of course, furious, and is blaming the events of the evening on the protesters  and even Bernie Sanders, instead of looking in the mirror and realizing that he is the one who created such a toxic, hate-filled environment in the first place. Now, he is doing what he does best and threatening anyone who dares to exercise their First Amendment rights and protest his hateful rallies.In a speech in Kansas City, Missouri Saturday evening, The Donald took protesters to task, and decided that the only way to silence them is to take legal action. He told his crowd of rabid fans: I hope these guys get thrown into a jail. They ll never do it again, it ll destroy their record. They ll have to explain to mom and dad why they have a police record and why they can t get a job. And you know what, I m gonna start pressing charges against all these people. And then we won t have a problem. Trump then tried to make himself look better, by saying that they re probably good kids. I don t want to ruin people s lives. But the only way we re gonna stop this craziness is if we press charges. Because then their lives are gonna be ruined, they re gonna know their lives are gonna be ruined. So I ll just tell you folks, from now on, if you do anything, we re pressing charges, okay? So, now, he really is going full-on fascist. Don t like people protesting? Have them arrested. They should not be there, as far as he is concerned. At this rate, we might as well just burn the Constitution to ash in Donald Trump s America.Watch the full speech below:Featured image via Addicting Info archives",0
7531, Douchebag of the Day: Louie ‘Self Loathing Jews’ Gohmert,"Nothing pisses me off more than a Republican professing their undying love for Israel and the Jewish people. I m old enough to remember the distant past of the early 2000 s when the phrase  The Goddamn Jew Media  and  Those fucking Jews in Hollywood  were bandied about by conservatives. Why, I even recall a time when the front runner for the Republican primaries actively courted the KKK and neo-Nazi vote. Oh wait, that s happening right f*cking now.As a Jew myself, I find it amazing that conservatives can keep a straight face when praising Israel. Especially southern Republicans that were raised on a steady diet of Antisemitism. Should Israel ever elect a liberal government, we d be right back to Republicans despising Jews. Even Sheldon Adelson s billions wouldn t be enough to hide their disdain for us.But in the meantime, we re witness to the spectacle of not only Republicans pretending to love Jews, but Republicans having the balls to call some Jews  self-loathing. Earlier this week on  The Joyce Kaufman Show,  Rep. Louie Gohmert criticized President Obama and his Jewish supporters over a Wall Street Journal report about the administration s approach to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, dismissing the president s Jewish allies as self-hating.The Texas Republican said of Obama:  He s never been able to stand Israel. He s never been able to get along with people who actually stood for Israel. Now he gets along fine with the Israel-haters,  he continued.  But, and it breaks my heart, but there are some children of Israel who just apparently seem to be self-loathing when it comes to Israel   but yeah, those folks he gets along with fine. I have repeatedly anointed myself The World s Jew. I eat bacon. I celebrate Christmas. I mix meat and dairy. I literally only know Passover is coming when the supermarket puts matzoh bread on sale. Yet, the idea that I am a self-loathing Jew because I don t support the murderous right wing regime turning Israel in a full-fledged apartheid state is deeply offense. It s even more offensive coming from a person pretending not to hate Jews in the first place.The conflation of  Israel  and  Jew  is a deliberate and calculated move to shield Israel from criticism by leveling accusations of Antisemitism. But that doesn t exactly work on the millions of Jews like me around the world that are appalled at the violence and hatred perpetrated by Israel s government. So people try to label us self-loathing Jews.But I say that the only Jews who truly despise themselves are the ones that are rushing to embrace the same genocidal rage that brought us the Holocaust.In the meantime, Louie Gohmert can choke on a matzoh ball.Featured image by Gage Skidmore.",0
7532, Ben Cohen’s Response To Fox News’ Bernie Sanders Conspiracy Theory Is Perfect (VIDEO),"Fox News and other conservative outlets are doing everything they can to spread the conspiracy theory that Bernie Sanders is behind Chicago s protest that shut down Donald Trump s rally on Friday. During a segment on Fox Business Network, Ben & Jerry s co-founder, Ben Cohen, was questioned about the matter. Cohen responded appropriately by laughing at the show s host Neil Cavuto.Mentioning that Trump has accused Sanders of being behind the protest, he Cavuto asks Cohen  What do you make of it that there were many Sanders protesters there? Cohen responds, saying: I got no idea who was there. But I can tell you that Donald Trump brings out a lot of strong feelings. And I believe a fairly significant majority of Americans do not agree with Donald Trump and are embarrassed by the way he is conducting himself and . Cohen is then interrupted by Cavuto, who says: Well that s your opinion and you re entitled to it. Cavuto, bizarrely, then brings up the time that Sanders  rally was interrupted by Black Lives Matter activists. Cavuto s attempt to equivocate the two protests is rather weak. When Sanders was interrupted, he let the two courageous young women who interrupted him, take the podium. That showed Sanders has the one of the most important qualities of a great leader   the wisdom to know when to listen.Trump and his supporters, on the other hand, have an entirely different attitude towards those who disagree with them. Cohen responds to the Cavuto, saying: Well, there are two different ways of handling protesters. I mean there has always been protesters, there has always been people who are trying to disrupt political speeches, but going and telling people to rough them up, beat them up   it s not American, it s not what I want to see in my country. Conservatives are so desperate to put this conspiracy out there, they are willing to completely destroy a woman s reputation by spreading a rumor so ridiculous it shouldn t even need a Snopes article to bust it.Yes, there were Sanders  supporters at the rally that night. They were involved in one of the greatest protests in history. They did not, however, shut the rally down. Trump choose to end the event. Those Sanders supporters were also a very small group of people among thousands of activists who came to together to show Trump that he cannot just roll into any community and subject them to his vitriol without dissent.Chicago is a bastion of radical leftist resistance organizing. I would personally have been surprised if the campaign hadn t seen the type of protest that took place on Friday. This was going to happen no matter what other candidates are running.It should be noted that while Cohen s commentary on the protest is sound, he does seem to imply in the interview that Trump and Sanders might have a lot of common ground on issues. This shouldn t in any way be interpreted to think that a Trump presidency wouldn t be disastrous. Trump and Sanders may have some overlap in their observations of problems facing this nation though their policy prescriptions are as different as night and day. Come election day in November,  people need to accept that any candidate would be better than Trump.You can watch the Fox News segment below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KOIkPoOZWwFeatured image from video screenshot via YouTube",0
7533, Trump Supporter Disgustingly Tells Black People To ‘Go Back To Africa’ (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has brought every racist out of the closet and given them a megaphone   as well as the courage to openly be as awful as humanly possible. His campaign events might as well be called white pride rallies. They are disgusting, deplorable, and outright un-American.In yet another example of the utter racism coming out of the Trump campaign and those who follow him, a Trump supporter started shouting at those protesting that if they consider themselves African-America then they should  go back to Africa. Go back to Africa,  suggests camo-clad Trump supporter. Video: pic.twitter.com/apQ1hD14D5  tonydokoupil (@tonydokoupil) March 12, 2016If Trump doesn t start condemning this sort of speech, he himself should be condemned by every American who stands up for justice and equality. However, it s doubtful that Trump will condemn this sort of speech considering he is asking for protesters to be  thrown the hell out  or says that if he had the chance he d punch them himself and that he misses the  good old days  where people were taken out on stretchers.If Trump is allowed to openly continue his hate-filled rhetoric, we will undoubtedly see more and more of this behavior from the grotesque people who support him. He needs to be held accountable for his encouragement of hate and violence.Featured image via video screen capture",0
7534, A Racist Massacre In Milwaukee This Week Shows Where The Politics Of Hate Will Lead America,"This week, a racially-motivated massacre took place at an apartment complex in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The triple homicide shows where the politics of hate will lead America.Three people were slaughtered in horrifying circumstances this week, because their white neighbor was enraged by their ethnic origin and grasp of the English language. The terrifying scenes unfolded at a four unit apartment complex. One unit was occupied by Dan J Popp, one by the Manso-Perez family, and one by Phia Vue, his wife Mai, and their four children.The Journel-Sentinel reports that 40-year-old Jesus R. Manso-Perez and his son passed the apartment of their 39-year-old neighbor Dan J. Popp on their way to the basement laundry room. Popp invited them into his home with the offer of a neigborly beer, which they declined. Popp then cut short the niceties and got straight to his point, asking the pair where they were from. At their response, he reportedly said: Oh, that s why you don t speak English. You re Puerto Rican. The father and son bid their goodbyes and went on to do their laundry. However, when they made their way back up to their apartment, Popp was waiting for them on the stairs, rifle in hand. You guys got to go,  Popp said, according to police, before shooting Jesus in the head, killing him. He then fired at his son, but missed.Hearing the gunshots, Phia and Mai K. Vue hid in the bedroom with their four children and a 25-year-old relative who had been watching the children that day. The couple had just returned home from a day trip. When Popp began hammering at their door, they called the police and stayed in their hiding places. But Popp kicked down their door and searched the home until he found them. He demanded 36-year-old Phia leave the room, took him into the bathroom and shot him dead. Then he returned for Mai, dragging her and two young daughters out of the apartment while the rest of the family ran out in front and around them.The couple s young son was first to reach the police and told them: He shot my father; he s in the bathroom. A further shot then rang out from the apartment complex as Popp shot and killed 32-year-old Mai.Popp then surrendered himself to police. He has no previous criminal record, and is detained on bail of $150,000, while mental health assessments are completed.The explosion of violence is however, the terrifying end game of the ever escalating racist rhetoric and violence we are seeing in the current political climate. The very worst elements of white America are being unleashed. The bitter hatred of difference, the idea that non-European immigrants to the United States are the root of all evil and that everything wrong with the nation can be traced back to those groups.There is very good reason why, at home and abroad, the rise of the racist right in modern America is being compared to the rise of Adolf Hitler in 1930 s Germany. That reason is simple: the comparison is accurate.Depressed wages, a perceived crisis of masculinity, the demand for a  tough  leader who would drive through his agenda as an authoritarian, an obsession with a perceived dent to national pride which must be remedied with a show of economic and military force at home and abroad   and pure, unadulterated racism.When you unleash this level of anger at a scapegoat, people set out to hurt and kill that scapegoat.This is the vision of America that the racist right represents. And it is a vision of hell.The victory of such forces would be a disaster for America as a nation, but also for the international community in which she sits. This is not some television show where we sit back and watch the fall-out from the safety of our couch. This is real life. The racist right is a real and present danger, and it must be confronted with relentless and unwavering opposition by everyone who has a stake in a progressive, free, and hopeful America.Featured image via Gawker",0
7535, This Trump Ad Got Pulled Off The Air Because It Broke The Law (VIDEO),"A campaign ad for Donald Trump attacking rival Republican presidential candidate John Kasich has been pulled off the air in Ohio for violating federal election law.The ad,  John Kasich   All Talk No Action Politician,  is designed to cut into the lead of Kasich, the current sitting governor in the state and the odds-on favorite to win the Republican primary coming up there.But it won t be seen on TV, and it is because the people employed by Trump s presidential campaign are very inept at their jobs.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iibsiauLgOoNew Day for America, the  super PAC  supporting Mr. Kasich, sent complaints to stations about the ad, saying that it was  falsely attacking Ohio Gov. John Kasich,  and that it did not comply with federal regulations for political advertising. No disclaimer appears at the end of the advertisement paid for by Donald Trump,  Matt Carle, executive director of New Day for America, wrote in the complaint.  Consequently, this advertisement is in violation of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971, and it must be removed from the air. It is amazing in this day and age, when almost any sort of political advertising is allowed for the highest bidder, that an ad would get pulled like this.As the New York Times explains:The Federal Election Commission says that political ads must include a  clearly readable  written statement that appears at their end  for a period of at least four seconds  with a  reasonable degree of color contrast  between the background and the disclaimer statement.This is a standard thing to do for any real, serious presidential campaign, but it is a symptom of the sort of basic failure that happens every day with Trump.His campaign often issues conflicting positions on basic issues, contradicting what is said in a speech with a press release or a statement by a campaign spokesperson on TV. They issue inaccurate press releases, with wrong or misspelled names and locations, and the candidate himself has often misstated the dates and times when instructing his supporters on where and when they should be voting.Trump is already months into his campaign and still making amateur hour screw-ups. He has such a lead on the rest of the Republicans, this won t hurt. But if he makes these kinds of mistakes in the fall against the Democrats, it will weaken his already shaky campaign.Featured image via YouTube",0
7536," Trump Blamed Bernie Sanders For Campaign Violence, Here’s His Epic Response","Donald Trump is trying his best to blame the violence associated with his presidential campaign on anyone but the person who instigated it in the first place: himself.Reacting to criticism from the public, the media, and even his fellow Republican presidential candidates (who were largely silent on the violent rhetoric at Trump events before), Trump blamed the violence on the protesters who came out against his Chicago rally on Friday night   and on Democratic candidate on Bernie Sanders.In response, the Sanders campaign absolutely crushed Trump s big lie.The campaign released a statement to reporters that began,  as is the case virtually every day, Donald Trump is showing the American people that he is a pathological liar. Sander then said,  While I appreciate that we had supporters at Trump s rally in Chicago, our campaign did not organize the protests. That is a most likely a reference to video taken inside the rally showing loud cheers for  Bernie!  after it was announced that the Trump rally would be canceled (a decision, by the way, that Trump claimed came from police but which they denied).The statement continues,  What caused the protests at Trump s rally is a candidate that has promoted hatred and division against Latinos, Muslims, women, and people with disabilities, and his birther attacks against the legitimacy of President Obama. Sanders previously referenced those same birther attacks and their racially loaded nature during the Democratic debate on Univision earlier in the week.Then Sanders returned to the instigator of the violence, Donald Trump himself, and wrote,  What caused the violence at Trump s rally is a campaign whose words and actions have encouraged it on the part of his supporters.  Sanders points out that Trump recently said he d like to punch a protester  in the face  and yearned for the days when a protester would be  carried out on a stretcher.  Sanders  campaign also pointed out that Trump s campaign manager has been accused of assaulting a female reporter, Michelle Fields of the conservative Breitbart News.Sanders concludes his release with a demand of Trump and his campaign: What Donald Trump must do now is stop provoking violence and make it clear to his supporters that people who attend his rallies or protest should not be assaulted, should not be punched, should not be kicked. In America people have a right to attend a political rally without fear of physical harm. Featured image via Flickr",0
7537, CBS Reporter Assaulted By Cops At Cancelled UIC Trump Rally (VIDEO),"CBS journalist Sopan Deb was covering Donald Trump s scheduled University of Illinois rally on March 11, when he was assaulted and arrested by Chicago police.Just moments after Deb captured video of a Black man, presumably an anti-Trump protester, lying in a pool of his own blood on the pavement, the CBS reporter says that he was grabbed from behind by police.According to CBS, Deb states that he was thrown to the ground without warning.As his camera continued rolling, police can be heard shouting,  Put your hands behind your back! The journalist reports that one of the officers placed a boot on his neck, before slapping a pair of handcuffs on his wrists.Deb was placed into a police van and hauled off to the police station.He is charged with resisting arrest, although video of the incident shows that the reporter did not resist the officers in any way.The same video shows that Deb identified himself as a credentialed member of the press, but that didn t stop the cops from making the unconstitutional arrest.Here s video of the assault and arrest, from CBS News. Trump, who has repeatedly promised to get rid of constitutionally protected freedom of the press if he is elected, must be very proud of the way the Chicago Police Department handled this reporter.Although he claims his presidency would be full of transparency, Trump has repeatedly waged war on the rights of the press, going so far as to say that under a Trump presidency the media would not be protected.Typical of fascist dictators, Trump hates the fact that in the U.S. the media has the right to report negative things about him. He says he would put an end to all that if he wins in the general election.Still, as on March 12, 2016, under the U.S. Constitution, the press is protected from the kind of harassment and interference the Chicago police engaged in at UIC.There s more than enough video evidence to show that CBS journalist Sopan Deb was assaulted by Chicago police, arrested under false pretenses and charged with a crime he didn t commit. Featured image via video screen capture CBS News",0
7538, Donald Trump Jr. Runs With Bernie Sanders Conspiracy Pushed By White Supremacists (TWEETS),"If there is one thing we know for certain, it s that Donald Trump is in no shortage of racist white supremacists supporting him and pushing conspiracy theories for him. Now, it s one thing to have that racist fan base; it s another to embrace it and promote it yourself, which is exactly what both Trump, and now his son Donald Trump, Jr. are doing.We ve already seen Trump retweet white nationalists who tweeted their support of the candidate, but now, in an effort to somehow make Bernie Sanders guilty of starting the chaos at the Chicago Trump rally, Donald Trump, Jr. has decided to retweet a conspiracy theory pushed by a white nationalist group.Here s the photo in question, where a woman in Trump paraphernalia is doing a white pride salute reminiscent of Nazi Germany.Trump cancels Chicago rally amid security concerns https://t.co/LVEGWkrAQ7 #Chicago #DonaldTrump photo by @ejwamb pic.twitter.com/tF1NTu8qui  Chicago Trib Photo (@ChiTribPhoto) March 12, 2016Twisting and making things up out of the clear blue sky, many started claiming that this woman was Bernie Sanders organizer Portia Boulger.The ""Trump Nazi"" is Portia Boulger, who runs the Women for Bernie Sanders Twitter account. It's another media plant. pic.twitter.com/m1CkwWgwud  Supreme Dark Lord (@voxday) March 12, 2016However, the woman in question, can be seen here, and clearly was not the woman making the Nazi salute in solidarity with Donald Trump.I wasn't in Chicago last pm spreading some nasty. My hair is short. Come on 2 IBEW in Chillcothe & #GOTVforBernie pic.twitter.com/igtJNC7ITj  Portia A. Boulger (@PortiaABoulger) March 12, 2016But still running with the conspiracy theory is none other that Donald Trump, Jr.:However, who Trump Jr. is retweeting is what is most concerning. He is pushing the conspiracy via a Twitter handle that boasts white pride. A handle that has actually admitted they were wrong about who the woman was, but Trump Jr. still ran with it, and as of now, it s still up on his Twitter account.Here's ""Vox Day"" explaining how white people are superior to black people https://t.co/JAaeZlDOsQ  Adam Serwer (@AdamSerwer) March 12, 2016While that person is shocked that Trump Jr. would do such a thing, most people probably aren t considering his dad has retweeted white supremacists a number of times.Racism with the Trumps is nothing new. Back in 1973, the Department of Justice filed a lawsuit against Donald Trump and his father for refusing to rent to people of color. If you haven t noticed by now that Trump is racist himself, notice it by who follows and supports him. It s clear as day. If you disagree, you are either willfully ignorant, or absent from reality.Featured image via Instagram",0
7539," Secret Service Agents Jump On Stage, Surround Trump At Ohio Rally (VIDEO)","Donald Trump was briefly surrounded by Secret Service agents at an Ohio rally on Saturday morning. The event was his first since protesters shut him down in Chicago on Friday night, and a riot erupted at his rally in St. Louis earlier that day.Towards the end of Trump s bullsh*t-fest, someone shouted something and all the sudden Secret Service agents jumped on stage and surrounded the Republican front-runner. It is unclear exactly what caused the agents to move in, but the real estate mogul thanked someone in the crowd: Thank you for the warning. I was ready for  em, but it s much better if the cops do it, don t we agree? Before all of that happened, Trump addressed the rally in Chicago that was shut down on Friday, saying: So, look, we had a tremendous rally in Chicago planned. We were gonna have over 25,000 people, the arena was seating about 11,000, we had registered much more than 25,000 So what happened was very interesting, these were great people like yourselves, these were people that want to make America great again. No, no those were people who wanted to make America HATE again, not  great.  People who want to make this country great, do not assault other people. Trump is confused, but he continued: They were pouring into the arena, good arena, everything nice and all of the sudden a planned attack just came out of nowhere fortunately we were able to tell a lot of them know, don t go,  because we would ve had a problem like you wouldn t have believed They would have wiped them out and that would not have been good. And we made a decision I didn t want to see anybody get hurt, you would have had a problem like they haven t seen in a long time. So, he s admitting that his supporters are so violent that they would have hurt people who were there to protest? Just yesterday evening he was telling news anchors that he had no idea why there were conflicts at his events. It s funny how he changes his tone when he is in front of his angry mobs of supporters, isn t it?He can feign innocence all he wants, but the fact of the matter is, most of America knows that he is bad for our country. We know that he wants to divide us. We know that he incites violence. We know that he would make this country a horrible place to live and that s why Democratic candidates beat him in every single poll.The GOP needs to get it together and dump Drumpf or they are going to see they can kiss their chances of winning any election goodbye for a long, long time.Watch the rally: Featured image via screenshot",0
7540, Kentucky Republican To Rape Victim: Getting DNA From Rapist Worse Intrusion Than Being Raped,"Republicans care more about protecting rapists than they do about the women they raped.Kentucky GOP Senator Dan Seum made that clear during a committee hearing for a bill that would require people arrested for committing felonies to provide their DNA to law enforcement.Rape survivor Michelle Kuiper courageously testified as a witness in favor of Senate Bill 150 along with a mother whose daughter had been raped and brutally murdered and a man who spent 18 years in prison after being wrongfully convicted of rape before DNA found the real rapist.But during Kuiper s testimony, Seum became the latest Republican to deliver offensive and insensitive remarks about rape, only this time the remarks were made directly in the face of a rape victim. I understand your pain,  Seum claimed before telling Kuiper that her rape is not as important as protecting her rapist from  government intrusion. But I can tell you I have eight children and 21 grandkids, that over the years this government through its intrusion has done more damage to me than all those criminals out there ever did,  he callously continued.You read that right. A Republican literally told a rape victim that the unwanted intrusion of her body by her rapist is less important than making sure the rapist is shielded from the government.According to the Courier-Journal:Seum did not elaborate on what type of government intrusion he experienced. But at a Judiciary Committee meeting last month, he said that he had been called as a witness several years ago in a child abuse case in family court where  the father was accused of spanking his child. He didn t provide any further details.Kuiper, however, was severely shaken by the ordeal. I was shaken and felt sick after his comments,  Kuiper said.  Basically, he had told us he had suffered worse crimes than us. Democratic state Rep. Sannie Overly blasted Seum for his remarks and called for her colleague to apologize to every woman in Kentucky for brushing off their safety in favor of defending rapists. A rape victim brave enough to step forward and share her personal story of a heinous crime should not get a lecture. He should apologize to these people and all Kentucky women who have experienced this horrific crime. The bill eventually passed 6-4 despite Seum voting against it, but once again, a Republican lawmaker demonstrates that the GOP still doesn t care about women who are raped.Earlier this year, a Republican in Idaho with five daughters of his own made incredibly creepy claims about rape. Now, I m of the understanding that in many cases of rape it does not involve any pregnancy because of the trauma of the incident,  GOP state Rep. Nielsen said during a hearing on an abortion bill.  That may be true with incest a little bit I read a lot of information. I have read it several times. Being a father of five girls, I ve explored this a lot. And these latest Republican remarks about rape and rape victims are now part of an ever growing list of quotes that Republicans have made over the years demonstrating their callous disregard of women and their ignorance of the female reproductive process. You can read a comprehensive list of such quotes here.Seriously, if there were ever a more important time for women to flock to the voting booth against Republicans, this November would be the time. Featured image via YouTube",0
7541, Watch Megyn Kelly Prove She Has No Idea How The First Amendment Works (VIDEO),"On Friday night, Megyn Kelly decided to weigh in on the protest in Chicago that sent Donald Trump packing. She, like must conservatives, accused the protestors of denying Trump and his supporters their first amendment rights. His First Amendment free speech rights have been shut down,  Kelly said.  The right of those to listen to him, and as that one gentleman put it so well:  I just want to hear him for myself, wanna hear him for myself.  That was shut down by folks who have an agenda and that s fine. You can oppose Donald Trump. Go for it. But, is this the way?  Kelly continues.  Is this the way to shut down the ability of Chicagoans and those, in some cases, who have traveled for miles and miles and waited for hours and hours to get in, to have their say and hear him for themselves. For all these people know, they weren t Trump supporters. Maybe they would have walked away saying,  You know what? He s not for me.  We ll never know now. Well, seems that Kelly has forgotten a very key component to the First Amendment. Freedom of assembly is a right granted to everyone. That means that the protestors had just as much of a right to go protest Trump, as Trump has a right to go spew whatever hateful rhetoric he wants.No one forced Trump to run away. The Chicago police did not advise Trump s campaign to cancel the rally. This wasn t a  safe space  for Trump and his supporters to preach hate against minorities and make jokes about how big their d*cks are, it was an event open to the public. The public showed up and let everyone know how they feel. Trump couldn t handle that.It s important to keep in mind that earlier that day on Friday, a Trump rally in St. Louis nearly turned into a full blown race war. When protestors show up and practice their right to freedom of assembly, they are met with violence from Trump supporters. If we are going to talk about denying people their rights, let s talk about the Trump Youth s use of violent intimidation tactics to shut down peaceful protest against their leader.You can watch Kelly s commentary below.Featured image via video screen capture ",0
7542, Oklahoma House Votes To Let Domestic Abusers Open Carry Guns – Because Jesus (VIDEO),"You know what would be really stupid? If a group of legislators got together and said,  Hey, you know what would be a good idea? Allowing violent people who beat their wives and children to openly carry firearms.  This idea seems so ridiculous that even the most die-hard Second Amendment cheerleaders could not stand behind it   but that s exactly what happened in the Oklahoma House of Representatives Thursday.House Bill 3098, authored by state Rep. Jeff Coody (R-Insane), that carrying a firearm is a right guaranteed by both the Constitution and God. According to Coody and the bill s co-authors, Bible-believing Christians have a right to defend themselves. Coody says that the Second Amendment is the most important thin in the Bill of Rights, which can not be infringed upon   even, of course, if someone beats his entire family with a crowbar. It s the ultimate freedom bill regarding open carry,  Coody said of his bill, with Rep Jeff Bennett adding that It s our God-given right to defend ourself. Is it a good idea to let anyone carry a gun, even if they don t know how to use it or even where the safety is?  Democratic Rep. Emily Virgin asked during debate on the bill   but Coody shut her down with a burst of stupidity: The key word is  let.  Somehow we ve gotten the idea that the government has to give us permission to exercise our freedoms. That is totally antithetical to me. The bill precludes felons from open carry, but does not prevent those under domestic violence protective orders from waving their firearms around. In addition, it does not require safety course, training, or anything that a reasonable person would consider necessary for responsible firearm use. Asked why gun owners are not required to receive training, Coody explained: Because driving is privilege. The Second Amendment is a constitutional right. But what about my safety?  Rep. Mike Brown asked.  Doesn t the government have a responsibility to protect me? No,  Coody said, asserting that more guns make people safer even though rapes in Oklahoma are at a 10-year high since the state passed a concealed carry law. Coody might be interested to know that regularions in the automobile industry drastically reduced deaths-by-car between 1950 and 2014, proving that reasonable safety regulations can have a very positive effect. Interestingly, the government did not enact a massive car-grab, and people are still able to drive if they receive the proper training and licensing   just as it should be with guns.While we might expect that Republicans could compromise, they have already done so. The bill originally removed licensing and training requirements for concealed carry, as well. The bill passed with an astounding 73-15 vote, with 13 abstaining.Coody s legislation will now go to the state Senate, where hopefully it will be modified to include training requirement, or at least prevent domestic abusers from marching with their gun on display 301 feet from their victims  houses  or killed altogether. If that doesn t happen, Rep. Virgin has a sobering prediction: Guns and domestic violence are main problems. Women die of it every day. Increasing access to guns without training, without background checks, women will die because of that. Watch a report on this dangerous bill below:Featured image via ThinkProgress/Shouse Law Group",0
7543, John Legend Absolutely DESTROYS Trump Jr. In Brilliant Twitter Comeback (TWEETS),"What s happening within the Donald Trump campaign is absolutely disgraceful. The Republican front-runner has been openly condoning violence at his rallies, going so far as to say he would even pay the legal fees of those going after protesters.Then there s the issue of Trump s utter racism which is obvious and abhorrent. He s consistently going after minority groups, blaming them for all the nation s problems, and somehow Trump and his overwhelmingly white group of supporters are apparently the ones who are being oppressed. This is literally reminiscent of another fascist ideologue from Europe in the 1930s and 40s.And of course, Trump s son, Donald Trump Jr., is defending his father the whole way   and completely cementing the fact that they believe the aggression is against them and not the other way around. However, the brilliant and talented John Legend took a moment to step in and school them on what is actually going on..@DonaldJTrumpJr I think they were protesting your racist father. This isn't complicated.  John Legend (@johnlegend) March 12, 2016But of course, some jackass decides to just blindly call Legend uneducated because he had the audacity to disagree with Trump and Trump Junior, so the Grammy Award winner tweets out a very interesting and funny fact..@DanielT03571138 @DonaldJTrumpJr the Donalds and I graduated from the same University, funny enough.  John Legend (@johnlegend) March 12, 2016Legend then drives the point home, after what can only be assumed hundreds of tweet replies telling him that he is really the racist, by posting an article about how Donald Trump turned away people of color. Thus exposing who the true racist is. Yes, Trump trolls. I'm the real racist. https://t.co/xzgMsEPeh4  John Legend (@johnlegend) March 12, 2016Racism is alive and well in America, in particular among those supporting Donald Trump. And this racism isn t new, it hasn t been brought about by anyone, it never went away, but rather into hiding. However, with people like Donald Trump openly spewing his racist rhetoric at any chance he can get, it opened the floodgates for racists everywhere to feel that behavior is now somehow acceptable.But guess what? We are in the year 2016, and racism will be called out. This isn t an infringement on any constitutional right. In fact, it is the right of the protesters to openly dissent and condemn racism where it stands.Featured image via Instagram/Instagram/Twitter",0
7544, Chicago Police Say They Did Not Tell Trump To Cancel UIC Rally (VIDEO),"As Addicting Info reported here, Donald Trump s scheduled rally in Chicago, Illinois was shut down after thousands of protesters showed up to take a stand against the republican candidate s politics of hate.Video posted to social media shows the crowd inside the University of Illinois  Chicago pavilion bursting into cheers and jeers, as an announcer broke the news that Mr. Trump would not be making an appearance at the rally, saying: Mr. Trump just arrived in Chicago and after meeting with law enforcement has determined that for the safety of tens of thousands of people that have gathered in and around the arena, tonight s rally will be postponed until another date. Trump repeated the statement later, during an interview with MSNBC s Chris Matthews. After speaking with law enforcement, I just thought it would be a wise thing for us to postpone this rally. But Chicago police say that Trump s statement is not true.The Chicago Police Department released a formal statement regarding the cancelled rally, saying: CPD did not meet with the Trump campaign prior to the cancellation of the event, nor did we make any suggestion that the event be cancelled. According to Chicago Police Interim Supt. John Escalante, the Chicago police previously assured Trump that they had more than enough police presence to negate any safety risks at the event.Escalante told Matthews: The Chicago Police Department had no role,  in the decision to cancel the rally. In fact, I can tell you we did assure the Trump campaign that we had more than adequate resources outside the UIC Pavilion and that we guaranteed them we could provide safe access and exit for Mr. Trump. Here s more on the story from CBS Chicago.We always knew that Donald Trump was a lying windbag.But Friday s events give us an even better idea of how Trump would respond in the face of even the slightest threat.The brave, bold leader of the far right abandoned his faithful followers without a second thought. And all because some Black and brown people showed up to one of his rallies, carrying protest signs.Yet Trump would have them believe that in the face of a real terror attack, he d never, ever disappear from the radar the way George W. Bush did on 9/11.Actions speak louder than words.Trump clearly chose to blame Chicago police for a decision that was entirely his own. And why wouldn t he? His supporters aren t the type of people who would forgive their supposedly-fearless leader for admitting that he s a big fat coward.It takes absolutely no courage to spew a lot of racist, hate speech to an auditorium full of people who share your disturbing worldview.On the other hand, it takes enormous courage to stand up against the kind of hate that the right wing is spreading in America.It takes courage to walk into an arena packed full of rabid Trump supporters; people who believe that what our country needs right now is more hate, more fear, more ugliness, more racism, more religious bigotry, more intolerance, more violence  and stand against those messages, chanting  Hey Hey, Ho Ho, Donald Trump has got to go,  and  Bernie! Bernie! Bernie! Featured image via video screen capture CBS Chicago",0
7545, WATCH: Muslim Journalist Absolutely DESTROYS Trump Spokeswoman,"Donald Trump s spokeswoman Katrina Pierson went on national television to try and validate and justify Trump s comments about Muslims hating Americans. This time however, she was schooled by Muslim journalist Dean Obeidallah.During the interview, Pierson labeled the  culture  of Islam as the problem and referenced polls in some Muslim countries that showed a distaste for America. However, Obeidallah pointed out that her information is misleading because Indonesia, which is the largest Muslim country in the world, has a more favorable view of the United States than Germany and if a Muslim country has an unfavorable view of America, it s because of U.S. foreign policy and not some congenital hatred for the United States.For example, Pierson cited that polls show that the Palestinian Territories, the majority of whose inhabitants are Muslim, have an unfavorable view of the United States. While this is true, it s because when Palestinian civilians are tear gassed, gunned down in the streets, or bombed from the air, it s with US made weapons it gives to Israel. If the Palestinians were majority Christian or Jewish, they would still have an unfavorable view of the United States.Watch Here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuMKCqgm0Gg]Obeidallah also fired back at Pierson and Trump s idiocy by pointing to Trump s business dealings in Muslim countries. He said: Let s be honest. Donald Trump says here in America, Islam hates us. Then he goes to Dubai and does multi-million dollar business deals. Donald Trump loves Muslims when he s making money with them. He loves you when he s making money and demonizes you when he s getting votes. He s a despicable hypocrite. A special kind of hypocrite. There are many more proud and capable Muslim Americans like Dean Obeidallah in the united States and it would be great if we continue to see them on national television to rip apart the racists in our midst. Featured image via video screenshot.",0
7546, Democratic Candidates SLAM Trump After Bloody Rallies (VIDEO),"Republican frontrunner Donald Trump is in the news again for violence during one of his rallies in St. Louis and his Chicago rally was shut down amid security concerns. The Democratic candidates had harsh words for the billionaire on Friday evening after news broke of the clashes.The violence in St. Louis left protesters bruised and bloody after rabid Trump fanboys decided that putting their hands on people who do not agree with them was appropriate. This came just one day after a man was sucker-punched by a Trump supporter at a rally in North Carolina.After the St. Loius rally, Trump was supposed to travel to Chicago and speak to a crowd there, but cancelled after thousands of protesters showed up to shut him down. The protesters did not want the bombastic real estate mogul sullying their town with his angry and divisive rhetoric. It was really a sight to behold, Chicago made us proud.After the cancelling the rally, Trump made his rounds on cable news networks and pretended he had no idea why the people were fighting at his rallies. He s such a positive guy! He only wants to unite white people Americans.The Democratic presidential candidates, however, placed the blame squarely at Trump s feet where it belonged.Bernie Sanders spoke out during his own rally in Summit, Illinois and called for unity: What this campaign is about is bringing our people together. Not letting Donald Trump or anybody else divide us up. No, we are not going to hate Mexicans. We re not gonna hate Muslims. We re not gonna insult women. We re not gonna insult veterans. We re not gonna insult African-Americans. We are gonna bring our people together Hillary Clinton released a statement on Twitter, saying, Violence has no place in our politics. We should use our words and deeds to bring Americans together. Violence has no place in our politics. We should use our words and deeds to bring Americans together. pic.twitter.com/FofjognpIA  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) March 12, 2016This is how real candidates behave. A Republican pundit on CNN, Friday night, asked why these things never happen at Democratic rallies and implied that it was a conspiracy against Republicans. My mouth fell open. Violence doesn t erupt at our rallies because we didn t choose a jacka$$ reality star who has campaigned on a platform of hate. Someone who encourages his supporters to punch protesters in the face. That s why.Watch Bernie s statement: Featured image via video screenshot",0
7547, WATCH: Rachel Maddow Just Skillfully Exposed Trump’s ‘Deliberate’ Attempts To Spark A Race War (VIDEO),"On Friday, Donald Trump canceled a rally in Chicago because he was embarrassed that seemingly more people showed up to protest him than to stroke his ego. The night had already been bloody, with an event in St. Louis, Missouri almost becoming a total race war earlier in the evening. In Chicago, Trump has not even arrived when the incredibly white attendees began attacking, hurling insults at, and geerally being complete racist d*ckbags to black people and anyone else who dissented   just like Trump taught them to (after all, he says he will pay their legal fees if they brutalize a black man in his name).The Donald says he was forced to cancel his rally because he didn t want anyone to  get hurt    though he was perfectly willing to call into Fox News to whine about how somehow his First Amendment rights had been stripped away by protesters, once again proving that not a single Republican anywhere understands the First Amendment. According to the billionaire 2016 hopeful, the blame for violence at his rallies lies with two entities: the protesters his fans attack, and Barack Obama.Shortly after, Rachel Maddow took a moment out of her show to absolutely and utterly destroy any claim Trump could make that he doesn t want violence at his rallies, that he just wants people to be safe as he claims. It s becoming more intense at Donald Trump rallies,  Maddow said after playing a clip of the numerous beatings we have seen at his campaign events throughout recent history: There have been instances in the past where he has encouraged or at least praised the idea of violent actions by his supporters, when he s spoken wistfully about how great it would be to beat people up at his rallies, or he s told people that he would pay their legal fees if they beat up a protester on his behalf. But this sort of bloodlust, this kind of half-tongue-in-cheek-mostly-serious call for a  tougher America  where there are more beatings, and where anti-Trump protesters should fear for their lives as he heads into these tinderbox cities today and tonight, I just want you to watch how that part of candidate Donald Trump s rhetoric has escalated. Maddow rolled numerous clips of Trump calling for his violent, racist, and  poorly educated  fans to harm others   with date stamps included. In other words, she left Trump in a completely indefensible position, not that it matters to him or his followers.  If you want to see the deliberate act that created what happened tonight in Chicago, watch where it came from,  she said, noting that all the calls for violence culminated into the Chicago incident. And it really is something like we have never seen in mainstream American politics before,  Maddow told viewers, recalling that she used to see these events unfold at white supremacist rallies in the 1980 s. The difference, of course, is that it is now happening in mainstream Republican politics at events hosted by their frontrunner. Anybody who tells you that there s no connection between the behavior of the mob at these events and the behavior of the man leading the mob at these events is not paying attention to what he s saying at the podium,  she said after the clips rolled. but the most damning clip she rolled was of Trump in St. Louis earlier that evening when he complained that  part of the problem is no body wants to hurt each other anymore. That s right   he complained that there was not enough violence at his events to put protesters in their place.  There used to be consequences,  he whined just before St. Louis erupted into violence.  These people are bringing us down,  he whined.  These are the people that are destroying our country. That s the way Donald Trump has been talking about protesters at his events. That s the way he has been directing his supporters at events. That was today,  Maddow said after the damning St. Louis footage rolled.  If you want to know what led up to Chicago tonight that was Donald Trump s display of leadership and calming the waters.  Then she dropped the bomb: American presidential politics isn t like this for anyone else. American presidential politics did not get this way on its own. This is the workd of an American presidential candidate who deliberately made this happen. And the Republican party is about to nominate him for President. Watch Maddow tear Trump a new orifice below:Featured image via screengrab",0
7548, Bill Maher Hits Dems Who Say They’ll Stay Home If Their Candidate Loses With Brutal Reality (VIDEO),"There s a disturbing trend happening in Democratic circles this primary season that, if left to fester, could spell absolute disaster for the party and our country come November. As Bill Maher pointed out Friday night on Real Time, there are a growing number of Bernie Sanders supporters joining a movement called #BernieOrBust who have vowed to stay home in November if Hillary Clinton is the nominee.This is, of course, the single dumbest thing anyone looking to improve our country s already improving socioeconomic landscape could possibly do. Regardless of your feelings about Hillary Clinton s platform, record or ties to big business, the alternative is complete disaster. By removing support for your party s candidate you are effectively handing the White House to the Republicans. That socioeconomic progress I mentioned? Kiss it goodbye.The country will be thrust right back into economic crisis as regulations disappear. The already established nuclear deal with Iran will be tossed aside and the precision targeting strategy against ISIS will be scrapped in favor of all-out, boots on the ground war in the middle east. The Judicial branch of our government will see at least one and probably at least three new ultra-conservative justices, giving free reign to bigotry in this country under the guise of  religious liberty.  Gay marriage will be a thing of the past. Voter suppression and gerrymandering will run rampant, making it nearly impossible for logic and reason to ever take hold in our country again. Roe v Wade could very well be overturned, and Citizens United will not only be cemented in but built upon, taking the power of the people and handing it to the highest bidder.All of that because Bernie supporters don t like Hillary Clinton? It s ridiculous. Maher is himself a huge Bernie supporter, having publicly endorsed him and shown great enthusiasm about the direction he wants to take the country, but as he points out, if Hillary Clinton is the nominee, it would be incredibly stupid for anyone calling themselves a liberal or progressive to hand the election to a Republican, none of whom amount to half the person Hillary or Bernie are.Bernie Sanders is a great man who would do great things for this country if elected President. Hillary Clinton is a great woman who would do great things for this country if elected President. Donald Trump, Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio are all fringe right lunatics who would destroy this country for the good of the one percent. Period.If your heart tells you that the only option is Bernie or a Republican, you truly need to have your head examined. Bill Maher agrees. Watch his brilliant breakdown of this incredibly dangerous movement below:Featured image from screen capture ",0
7549," Rocked By Scandal, Wounded Warrior Project Fires Top Execs (VIDEO)","On Thursday, two top executives with the Wounded Warrior Project were fired.The dismissals came after a CBS investigation exposed the charity organization s outrageous spending on lavish parties, high-priced travel arrangements and luxury accommodations for staff.As Addicting Info reported here, one four-day  team-building  conference for Wounded Warrior Project staff cost more than $3 million.Under CEO Steven Nardizzi, who first began working for the organization in 2009, spending on conferences and meetings went from $1.7 million in 2010, to $26 million in 2014.A former employee told CBS that Nardizzi  rappelled down the side of a building,  at one company event, while at others  he s come in on a Segway, he s come in on a horse. Both CEO Steven Nardizzi, and COO, Al Giordano were terminated by the board of directors, following an internal audit.The organization has been the subject of rumors and accusations for a number of years, many of which were focused on the higher-than-average salaries paid to Wounded Warrior Project executives, along with questions about the amount of money the charity spends on fundraising.While other veterans charities spend as much as 98 percent of money raised on veterans, the Wounded Warrior Project only spends about 60 percent. According to the CBS report, anywhere from 40 to 50 percent of money raised by the Wounded Warrior Project goes to staff and fundraising, instead of veterans.If that s bad enough, the charity may not use the small percentage of funds it does spend on veterans in the way you might think.The Wounded Warrior Project claims some 56,000 veterans as  alumni,  veterans who have registered with the organization.But according to The Daily Beast, many of the veterans counted as  alumni  in 2014 had no contact with the organization during that year. Just 62 percent of so-called  alumni  of the Wounded Warrior Project had participated in even one activity in 2014.As The Daily Beast reports here, Ken Davis, a veteran who served in Iraq before being injured, is considered among the  alumni  of the Wounded Warrior Project even though he said he no longer wants to be associated with it. Davis told The Daily Beast, I receive more marketing stuff from them, [and see more of that] than the money they ve put into the community here in Arizona. It s just about numbers and money to them. Never once did I get the feeling that it s about veterans. He is not the only veteran to report this experience. As Addicting Info reported here, Courtney Leigh Schumacher reached out to the Wounded Warrior Project when her husband lost both his legs in the line of duty.Rather than answer her requests for help with the things her family needed, the Wounded Warrior Project sent her a lot of useless stuff, including  hats, stickers, magnets, clothing and backpacks,  all displaying the organization s logo.There s no doubt that firing Nardizzi and Giordano is a step in the right direction.Yet that step alone may not be enough to fix the charity s negative image, or restore the trust of veterans and the public.Here s more on this story via CBS News:Image credit: video screen capture via CBS News",0
7550, Sarah Palin Crushes Ted Cruz After He Correctly Identifies Her As An Idiot (IMAGE),"This GOP civil war just keeps getting more entertaining.Sarah Palin helped create Ted Cruz by endorsing him for the Senate in 2012 and now she is destroying him four years later after he called Trump supporters such as herself  low information  voters. Basically, he called Palin stupid and she threw a hissy fit about it. You know, because the truth hurts.Anyway, America s village idiot took aim at Cruz on her Facebook page in a rant shredding the Texas Senator with the same slams that have been used against her in years past. Calling GOP frontrunner supporters  low information  disengaged voters, Ted Cruz s insinuation reeks of all the reasons America knows  the status quo has got to go ,  Palin wrote.  The arrogance of career politicians is something at which the rest of us chuckle, but Cruz s latest dig strays from humorous into downright nasty. And then really let him have it. Where s information on any Cruz success whilst in his short, half-term U.S. Senate seat, proving his resume s advantage over another career politicians s lawyerly executive inexperience that includes never having created a single private sector job, but boasting of his constitutional law teacher creds? (Remember America experimented with that resume before; how d that work out for the country?) Then she proceeded to list even more reasons why Cruz is a bad candidate, including his association with Glenn Beck, her mortal enemy. She also threw Carly Fiorina in his face by quoting her word for word on how she felt about Cruz prior to endorsing him.Info on consistency with his big endorsement this week, as Carly tells it like it is so very recently?  Ted Cruz is just like any other politician. He says one thing in Manhattan, he says another thing in Iowa. He says whatever he needs to say to get elected, and then he s going to do as he pleases. I think people are tired of a political class that promises much and delivers much of the same.    Carly Fiorina 1/2/16Here s the full post via Facebook.// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;GOP Majority Voters in Primary are Wayyyyyy Beneath Cruz, So Says Posted by Sarah Palin on Thursday, March 10, 2016This hasn t been the best day for Ted Cruz. In the 24 hours, Cruz has been the butt of one of President Obama s jokes, called out as a liar by Donald Trump at the GOP Debate, and has now been trashed by the queen of the Tea party trailer park. I think we can all agree we need more popcorn if this feud continues.Featured image: Flickr/Flickr",0
7551, Obama Shows How He’s Going To Destroy Trump This Fall And It’s Hilarious,"President Obama is widely expected to be an extremely valuable asset for the Democratic Party in this November s general election, and he gave a preview of just how he d rip Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump to shreds at a campaign event on Friday night.Speaking to Democrats in Austin, Texas, President Obama talked about Trump s ridiculous Trump steaks show and tell session, noting that there s  a debate inside of the other party that is fantasy, and school yard taunts, and sellin  stuff like it s the home shopping network. Obama also mocked the Republican establishment for claiming they are surprised by the hate that Trump has whipped up. From the White House pool report:Obama also again mocked establishment Republicans, who he argues say We re shocked someone is fanning anti-immigrant or anti-muslim sentiment!   We re shocked!. We re shocked that someone could be loose with the facts. Or distort someone s record. Shocked! How could you be shocked? This was the guy who was sure I was born in Kenya. And wasn t letting go   As long as it was being directed at me they were fine with it. It was a hoot   and suddenly they re shocked! That gamblings going on in this establishment,  he said.Obama said Donald Trump is  A distillation of what has been going on in their party for more than a decade   this is the message that s been fed   that you just deny the evidence of science. That compromise is a betrayal. That the other side isn t simply wrong, we disagree   the other side is destroying the country. Or treasonous. Look it up, that s what they ve been saying. So they can t be surprised when somebody says,  I can make up stuff better than that.' As other Democrats have made clear, Obama said the right had to own what is happening in Trump s campaign:  The reaction is something they have to take responsibility for and then make an adjustment. It is clear that Obama will be out on the trail, making sure that a campaign of hate does not usher in his successor. Trump has a world of rhetorical hate coming towards him from the President.Featured image via YouTube",0
7552, Bernie Sanders Rocked 3 Rallies In Florida Yesterday,"Yesterday, Senator Bernie Sanders swept through North Florida, holding rallies in Gainesville, Tampa Bay, and Kissimee (outside of Orlando), with turnouts in each rally exceeding 5,000 people each. I attended the rally in Gainesville. I know that Florida is a big football country, right?  Senator Sanders told the crowd in Gainesville, home of the University of Florida Gators.  But unless you are on the playing field, football is a spectator sport. Democracy is not a spectator sport. In Florida, voter turnout, especially for Democrats, is a big issue. There are more than 300,000 Democrats registered in the state of Florida than Republicans. Despite Democrats consisting of the majority of voters in the state, Republicans hold majorities in the State Senate, State House, the Governorship, and 17 out of 27 congressional districts. A Florida Democrat, besides U.S. Senator Bill Nelson, hasn t won a statewide election since Alex Sink was elected CFO in 2006.The rally in Gainesville was filled with all sorts of different people. A trio of Native Americans dressed in traditional garments sat in one of the rows in front of the press box. College kids screamed with excitement as though they were at a Justin Timberlake concert. Veterans cheered with signs of support. A local punk band warmed up the crowd in anticipation for Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard to introduce Senator Sanders. At the end of Sanders  speech, supporters stormed towards the stage desperately trying to get a selfie with Bernie or at least get close enough to shake his hand.Normally, this excitement is reserved for Justin Bieber concerts or NFL football games, but all over the country apathy and disenfranchisement from the American political system is losing out to Americans, young, old, and every demographic in between, getting excited about having a voice, and being heard on issues that affect us all. Whether you are a Bernie Sanders supporter, a Hillary Clinton supporter, or like them both, what Senator Sanders  presidential campaign has done for the Democratic Party by not only rejuvenating progressive ideals, but inspiring voters to actively participate again, is something every Democrat can take pride in. Featured image via Chelsea Skojec",0
7553, CHAOS In Chicago As Thousands Of Protesters Shut Down Trump Rally (VIDEOS),"A scheduled rally for 2016 republican presidential candidate Donald Trump was shut down over security concerns, on Friday.The announcement came after thousands of protesters gathered outside the University of Illinois pavilion, chanting  Trump has got to go. Protesters occasionally clashed with supporters, as dozens of police officers worked to keep them on opposite sides of the street.According to NBC Chicago, local law enforcement officers met Trump at the airport, informing him of the situation.Inside the arena, thousands of Trump supporters waiting to hear him speak were instead informed that the rally was cancelled.An announcer thanked the crowd for their attendance, before saying, Mr. Trump just arrived in Chicago and after meeting with law enforcement has determined that for the safety of tens of thousands of people that have gathered in and around the arena, tonight s rally will be postponed until another date. Following the announcement, chaos erupted inside the arena, with boos and cheers rising through the arena.Some protesters, who were also present inside the pavilion, were seen being removed by security.NBC Chicago reports that scuffles broke out among those inside the pavilion, saying,  Some people could be seen yelling at each other or making vulgar gestures; at least one punch was thrown. A man who took the podium was escorted away by officers. The announcer directed Trump supporters to alert security if they observed a protester, by holding a rally sign over the person s head and shouting  Trump, Trump, Trump. Here s video of the moments immediately after the cancellation was announced, via Evan F. Moore on Twitter. Reaction to the Chicago Trump rally postponement.@DNAinfoCHIpic.twitter.com/GRQTdIypt4  Evan F. Moore (@evanFmoore) March 12, 2016Moore captured video of what he describes as a protester trying to fight with campus police, following the announcement. Protesters tries to fight with UIC cop. It didn t workout. @DNAinfoCHI pic.twitter.com/8PV5CIf7AW  Evan F. Moore (@evanFmoore) March 12, 2016At least ten thousand anti-Trump protesters were expected to attend the rally, with thousands purchasing tickets. Some planned to cause disruptions inside the pavilion, while others planned to leave seats unfilled.Witnesses described the scene as  total chaos. Evan F. Moore posted video of the scene to his Twitter account on Friday. More footage. @DNAinfoCHI pic.twitter.com/SX3CKdHUJY  Evan F. Moore (@evanFmoore) March 12, 2016Moore also capture video of the chaos outside the pavilion, which he also posted to his Twitter account.  More footage. @DNAinfoCHI pic.twitter.com/SX3CKdHUJY  Evan F. Moore (@evanFmoore) March 12, 2016Image credit: video screen capture via Evan F. Moore on Twitter",0
7554," Yes, Hillary Was Wrong About Reagan, But Her Owning It Tells Us So Much More (VIDEO)","First off, if you re reading this and have never been wrong, look in the mirror and repeat,  I m full of myself.  Truth is, we all make mistakes. Some bigger than others, but owning up to those mistakes shows a bigger strength of character. To be blunt, admitting you re wrong is far better than insisting you re right.So, when Hillary Clinton appeared on MSNBC and praised former President Reagan alongside Nancy Reagan for their help in starting a  national conversation  about HIV and AIDS, you can only imagine people angrily took to their social media accounts to call her out. Hell, as a gay woman, I did too. Hillary Clinton: The Reagans, particularly Nancy, helped start  a national conversation  about HIV and AIDS. https://t.co/7sZp8X53fb  MSNBC (@MSNBC) March 11, 2016 As most of us know, Reagan wasn t just awful regarding HIV and AIDS, he was outright horrific, with his White House even calling AIDS the  gay plague.  Clearly, Hillary was incorrect in her assessment of the Reagans regarding AIDS. There s no doubt about that.And about an hour later, Hillary acknowledged that she was wrong, noting how utterly incorrect she was in her original statement. She wrote: While the Reagans were strong advocates for stem cell research and finding a cure for Alzheimer s disease, I misspoke about their record on HIV and AIDS. For that, I m sorry. Hillary Clinton s statement on her comments about the Reagans' record on HIV and AIDS: pic.twitter.com/RtIs0zpJfk  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) March 11, 2016For many, this apology hasn t been enough and have been using this mistake as a tool to attack her. However, let s think about that. Here s a woman who, quite honestly, cannot afford to make a mistake in speaking pretty much at any time, and she s completely owning her mistake. She doesn t double down on it, like many politicians, even recently, have done. She doesn t say it was a  gotcha question  that forced her to say the wrong thing. She owned it. And owning a mistake, no matter the size, is actually a quality you want in a leader, to be frank. You don t want someone who can t recognize their blunders. You don t want someone who s going to hold their ego above what is right. You want someone who is accountable for their actions. Which is exactly what Hillary just did   she owned her mistake, and on top of it, apologized. When was the last time you heard a politician apologize for something that they did wrong?She fucked up & owned it. I guess. It's the ones who will NEVER apologize (Trump, Dubya) that are dangerous. https://t.co/abPt6CfAbU  Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) March 11, 2016Here s the thing. If you want to be the sort of person with the maturity of a schoolyard bully and use this to throw Hillary under the bus, it only serves to make you look like the jerk. And I know a good portion of people reading this will call me Hillary apologist. Do what you will. However, what happened, happened. She owned it. She apologized. Still waiting for an apology from several others. Why not focus your efforts there.Featured image: Twitter",0
7555, Marco Rubio NAILS IT: Trump As President Would Have ‘Life And Death Consequences’ (VIDEO),"Florida Senator Marco Rubio has been going after presidential rival Donald Trump with a vengeance over the past few weeks, continuously calling out the Republican front-runner in every way possible   from his lies to his spelling to his offensive and hateful rhetoric.On Friday, Rubio targeted Trump s anti-Muslim comments during an appearance on CNN s  New Day , stating that Trump needs to tone down the Islamophobia because the rhetoric a president puts forth has  life and death consequences.  Rubio, who pretty much has no hope for becoming the GOP nominee, spoke some truth when he said: I know people like it that Donald Trump says whatever he wants and whatever they feel like saying. Presidents cannot say anything they want. Presidents have to understand that their words have consequences, often life and death consequences, for real people in the real world. Because of Trump s inflammatory, foul remarks, Rubio said what any level-headed American instinctively knows: that Trump wouldn t be a  good commander-in-chief  if he can t work with America s armed service in its entirety   because many of those members are Muslims. Rubio posed this question: How are you going to face them as commander-in-chief, knowing you re going around saying all Muslims hate the United States? I don t think you re going to be able to be a good commander-in-chief. You can watch Rubio s criticism of the business mogul below:These statements from Rubio come just one day after Rubio slammed Trump during Thursday s Republican debate, stating that defending Muslims isn t about being politically correct  after Trump insisted that  Islam hates us. During the debate, Rubio made similar comments to his interview on CNN: I know that a lot of people find appeal in the things Donald says, because he says what people wish they could say. The problem is presidents can t just say anything they want. It has consequences, here and around the world. Stating that although there are dangers in the world in regards to radical Islam, it s wrong to generalize an entire religion. Rubio said: There is no doubt that radical Islam is a danger to the world. I can also tell you that if you go to any national cemetery, especially Arlington, you re going to see crescent moons there. If you go anywhere in the world, you re going to see American men and women serving us in uniform that are Muslims. Rubio s right, whether you agree with him as a presidential candidate or not   and this goes way beyond Trump s feelings about the Islamic faith. He s demonstrated the same anger and insensitivity toward Hispanics, women and many other minority groups. Trump s inflammatory, hateful rhetoric has the power and influence to divide this nation instead of unify it. He s taken the most awful aspects of the Republican party and amplified them. Just by the way his rallies have transformed into fighting arenas, Trump has already demonstrated that he approves of violence and cares very little about peace and the well-being of Americans his bigotry doesn t support. He s dangerous behind comprehension, and his brand of ignorance threatens to destroy America.Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
7556, Texas Gun Nuts Open Fire On Democratic Office Of Gun Control-Supporting Senator,"The Houston Police Department and Texas Rangers are investigating after a gun nut opened fire on the office of Democratic state Senator John Whitmire a day before President Obama is scheduled to speak in Austin.Early Thursday morning around 12:30am, a shooter fired several rounds into the two-story office.  There are bullet slugs everywhere,  Whitmire said.  One lodged in a framed picture. It s pretty amazing. Whitemire, a gun control advocate, surmised that the weapon used in the attack was an AR-15 because the bullets were .223 caliber. No one was harmed in the shooting but Whitmire and his staff along with law enforcement officials are taking the incident seriously. We ll take precautions. But it s part of the job, unfortunately, in this day and time,  Whitmire said.  They are checking in this general area to see if anyone else received any gunfire. We don t know yet. I don t know yet. The targeting of Whitmire s office occurred the day before President Obama is scheduled to appear at the South by Southwest tech and music festival on Friday where he is delivered a keynote address.Upon hearing of Obama s schedule, Texas open carry gun nuts stated their desire to attend the event with their guns to hand out pro-law literature. But one of the gun nuts had a different idea for what his buddies should do. If you get a clear shot, please fire for effect!  conservative gun nut Kriss Elliot wrote on Facebook.So not only has the Texas open carry obsession resulted in violence against a Democratic office, it has resulted in gun nuts actually wanting to assassinate President Obama, and now it s much easier for them to do this because they are legally allowed to carry deadly firearms in public view.Make no mistake, these people belong in jail or at the very least an FBI watch list, but as long as Republicans control the state it will remain an exaggerated and embarrassing version of the Wild West.Featured Image: OnlyInYourState.com",0
7557, Trump Rally Nearly Turns Into A Full-Blown Race War In St. Louis (VIDEOS),"Tensions ran high outside of a campaign rally for Donald Trump in St. Louis, Missouri. Thousands of Trump supporters waited outside in line to see the Republican primary front-runner speak at the Peabody Opera House located in the downtown area of St. Louis.According to the St. Louis Dispatch, protestors were also in attendance at the campaign rally. They report: Supporters wore red Trump hats, waved American flags, and bought T-shirts and buttons from concession stands up set up around the perimeter. Protesters held up signs to crying hatred and, in a few cases, comparing Trump to Adolf Hitler. We re just trying to join with the Muslim community saying hate speech has no place here,  said Jay Kanzler, an Episcopal priest and attorney who was among the protestors.  We stand with our Muslim American bothers and sisters, our Jewish brothers and sisters, our Christian brothers and sisters for this community. We re not going to let Donald Trump s hate speech divide us. This lead to a near all-out race riot between Trump supporters and protestors. A man can be seen in video footage being escorted away from the event by police. The man was assaulted by insults from Trump s supporters waiting in line.One Trump fan screams at the man, saying: Hey, f*ck Islam! Allah is a wh*re! Jesus is the most high god and you b*tches are done. So f*ck Islam. Here is the video:This guy though #TrumpRally pic.twitter.com/cfTUHfAVWu  Marissa (@southards_3) March 11, 2016Another video shows a young male Trump supporter try to start a fistfight with the protestors. He walks up to them reputedly telling them to  You mother f*fuckers wanna go. Bring It Battle lines drawn at Trump rally pic.twitter.com/Y9yRTnjOAm  Trymaine Lee (@trymainelee) March 11, 2016Police are get involved.The first arrest. A yelling match nearly turned into a fistfight. The crowd cheered as they dragged him away. pic.twitter.com/YzTsrTApQo  Trymaine Lee (@trymainelee) March 11, 2016More violent actions from Trump supporters.My mother told me to NEVER put hands on a woman  pic.twitter.com/tRXqm0aXN9  Junius Randolph (@JuniusRandolph) March 11, 2016Trump supporters calling a woman a wh*re.Hard to believe that anyone would get assaulted at rallies with these sorts of attendees pic.twitter.com/ShhTKouFwL  Lachlan Markay (@lachlan) March 11, 2016Protestor screams  F*ck Donald Trump .Here we go again at the St. Louis Trump rally pic.twitter.com/BFcQ5s2TxU  Junius Randolph (@JuniusRandolph) March 11, 2016This is only the latest incident to prove that Trump and his racist, fascist, supporters are tearing the United States apart.Featured image from video screenshot via Twitter",0
7558, Ben Carson Returns To Endorse Donald Trump – After A Vision From God (VIDEO),"Failed former presidential candidate Ben Carson is back   and crazier than ever. The retired neurosurgeon who was once leading the Republican party before a severe case of dishonesty and ridiculous nonsense-spewing habit ruined his campaign is once again making headlines, for an even more awful reason than before.On Friday, Carson announced his endorsement of Republican front-runner Donald Trump at a press conference, saying that the two men had  buried the hatchet  and that Trump was  the voice of the people to be heard. Almost as ridiculous as that endorsement is Carson s inspiration for such a horrible decision   he says he was encouraged to support the disgraced candidate after a so-called vision from God.During the press conference, a reporter made the mistake of asking Carson just how much God played a part in his choice to stand behind Trump. The reporter asked,  You said throughout your life God has led you to your most important decisions. This truly is an important decision. Did God lead you to Donald Trump? Carson said that God had given him several signs   once of which included a vision from an unnamed friend. I prayed about it a lot, and I got a lot of indications, people calling me that I haven t talked to for a long time saying, I had this dream about you and Donald Trump   I mean, just amazing things As if Carson couldn t make himself seem any crazier, he dialed things up when he started speaking about Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, stating that she is of the devil. Hillary Clinton was a great friend of Saul Alinsky. On a first-name basis with him as a student. He wrote the book  Rules for Radicals  and if you haven t read it, I recommend that you read it, and see the kinds of things that are recommended to change, fundamentally change, this nation from the great success we have to a socialist country. And the dedication page of that book says, dedicated to Lucifer, the original radical who gained his own kingdom. I don t want anything to do with anything like that. You can watch this outrageous part of the conference unfold below:Carson also said that he was afraid Hillary Clinton  would destroy America    a hilarious statement considering that most of the GOP is currently freaking out because Trump is leading the party and threatening to do just that. This endorsement from Carson is even more puzzling because just two weeks ago, Carson said that Super Tuesday voters were not  quite that dense  to help Trump become the nominee. The former candidate also said that voting for Trump was  a very very bad mistake.  Divine intervention is apparently a powerful thing   and we now have Carson s  visions  to thank for the 700,000-person donor list that Trump just inherited with this endorsement.Featured image via Ben Carson Facebook page",0
7559, Republican EXPLODES After Obama Foils Evil Scheme To Sell Apache Holy Land To Mining Firm,"It s like President Obama can t go a day without infuriating the Right over something stupid. On Thursday, Tuscon Weekly reported that a member of the party that constantly introduces dubiously-named  religious freedom  legislation has no respect for the religious practices of Native Americans. Republican Congressman Paul Gosar is furious that President Obama thwarted his effort to sell an Apache holy site to foreign business interests.Joining with Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick   a Democrat who bears equal shame in this horrific endeavor to place greed over decency   attempted to have an area known as Oak Flat, or Chi chil Bildagoteel, sold to British-Australian owned Resolution Copper in what would have marked the first time in history that Native American land would be handed over to foreign interests by Congress.To protest the attempt to sell of holy land, 300 Apaches marched 44 miles to occupy the ancient sacred ground where the New York Times reports coming-of-age ceremonies, especially for girls, have been performed  for many generations, along with traditional acorn gathering.  The area has been closed to mining since 1955 when then-President Dwight D. Eisenhower recognized the importance of protecting the land. The ban was reinforced in 1971 by the Nixon administration. Though the land is protected, Kirkpatrick and Gosar managed to slide a provision that would hand the land over to the mining company into the National Defense Authorization Act. The Times reports that:The land grab was sneakily anti-democratic even by congressional standards. For more than a decade, the parcel containing Oak Flat has been coveted by Rio Tinto, Resolution s parent company   which already mines on its own private land in the surrounding area   for the high-value ores beneath it.The swap   which will trade 5,300 acres of private parcels owned by the company to the Forest Service and give 2,400 acres including Oak Flat to Resolution so that it can mine the land without oversight   had been attempted multiple times by Arizona members of Congress on behalf of the company. (Among those involved was Rick Renzi, a former Republican representative who was sent to federal prison in February for three years for corruption related to earlier versions of the land-transfer deal.) It always failed in Congress because of lack of support. But this time was different. This time, the giveaway language was slipped onto the defense bill by Senators John McCain and Jeff Flake of Arizona at the 11th hour. The tactic was successful only because, like most last-minute riders, it bypassed public scrutiny.Unfortunately for the duo, the Obama Administration swooped in to save the day. The Park Service and Forest Service listed the land as a historic location, thus preventing the sale   and Gosar is furious. In a press release, the Congressman melted down over the bad (for him) news: Shame on the Park Service and Forest Service for ramming a bogus historic place listing down the throats of Arizonans. Clearly, the Obama Administration cares more about pandering to extremist environmental groups and a D.C. lobbyist from the Clinton Administration than following the law and listening to the American public. Oak Flat has never been a sacred site, as confirmed by the local tribe s own former historian. Yet, Obama s minions are hell-bent on sabotaging an important mining effort by listing a small, public campground 20 miles away from the nearest tribe s reservation as a historic site. While Gosar claims the site has never been sacred, the Apache people disagree. Why is this place sacred?  former chairman of the San Carlos Apache, Wendsler Nosie Sr., mused.  No difference to Mount Sinai. How the holy spirit came to be.  This claim has been backed by Scientists for the Society for American Archaeology, who testified before Congress that archaeological evidence shows that the site has been used for religious purposes since  well before recorded history. Demonstrating Republicans  impressive ability to ignore facts, Gosar insists that  This fraudulent action is the latest in a long list of egregious bureaucratic abuses of power by the Obama Administration. Oak Flat, known to us Chi chil Bildagoteel, has always been our connection to our Mother, our right to exist, a central part of our prayers, songs, stories and spiritual practices. It is from here that we emerged. It is who we are, Nosie wrote in a press release.  Chi chil Bildagoteel, our holy land, was put under the care of the U.S. government, and because of its uniqueness, the great value of maintaining its ecological and cultural integrity, protected by its laws. While Gosar, or Republicans in general for that matter, care not for any religion besides Christianity, this halting of an extraordinarily offensive abuse of Congressional power should serve as a lesson that no matter how hard the GOP tries, reasonable and right-thinking people will always be here to stand in the way of these abuses.Featured image via EarthWorks Action",0
7560, WATCH: Bernie Sanders Answers ‘Would You Be Hillary’s VP?’,"The Democratic candidates for the presidency, Bernie Sanders and Hilary Clinton, have millions of people supporting them virtually equally. Both have won primaries and caucuses and both have electrified and filled stadiums when invited to speak. Soon, there will be a decision: will it be Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination?Since support for the candidates seems to be equally split among the two, a Bernie/Hillary ticket may make the most sense. Here s Bernie Sanders  response to a question about whether he would be Hillary s vice-presidential running mate:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=heE143betU8]It makes perfect sense to have a joint ticket between the two contenders for the nomination. While Clinton is a candidate who is popular with the Democratic establishment, Bernie Sanders has electrified younger generations to his camp. Tens of thousands pack small arenas to see him on college campuses. His ideas have resonated with a generation that will one day be the leaders of tomorrow and his promise to empower them bodes really well for the future of the country since they are the future.We should also keep in mind that they have been respectful to each other during the debates unlike the Republicans, who have destroyed one another.  Thus, there s no bad blood between the two. In fact, their relationship seems to be pleasant and a Sanders/Clinton ticket would unite Democrats against the Republican nominee, likely to be that rather terrifying guy, Donald Trump.Featured image via image screen capture",0
7561, Abused Reporter Throws Karma Back In The Face Of Horrific Trump Campaign Manager,"After being assaulted at a Donald Trump rally, allegedly by the candidates own campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, Breitbart reporter Michelle Fields isn t about to take the abuse lying down. In fact, amidst even Trump himself claiming Fields made the story up, she s filed charges against Lewandowski with the Jupiter, Florida police department where the incident took place.According to CNN:Police in Jupiter said they were looking into misdemeanor battery allegations. The police report, obtained by CNNMoney, identifies the complainant as Fields, but does not name a suspect. As for any suspect, that information is being investigated at this time,  Officer Adam Brown said.The police said the incident  occurred at 115 Eagle Tree Terrace (Trump National) on March 8, 2016. Fields simply wanted to ask Trump a question. However, seeing as the candidate likes to be able to control all aspects of media, including, but not limited to, throwing them in heavily secured pens at his events, Fields was grabbed very forcefully, even posting a picture of her bruised arm on social media.I guess these just magically appeared on me @CLewandowski_ @realDonaldTrump. So weird. pic.twitter.com/oD8c4D7tw3  Michelle Fields (@MichelleFields) March 10, 2016The campaign, of course, is denying any wrongdoing ever occurred with campaign spokeswoman Hope Hicks saying: The accusation, which has only been made in the media and never addressed directly with the campaign, is entirely false. With Trump even saying during the latest GOP debate: Perhaps she made the story up. I think that s what happened. However, according to CNN: Washington Post reporter Ben Terris says he witnessed the incident and identified Lewandowski as the person who grabbed her. The fact that this altercation happened at all is made far worse by the fact that not only is the campaign unwilling to apologize, they refuse to acknowledge it ever happened, insinuating Fields is a liar.Lewandowski, the man who allegedly assaulted her took the abuse even further by attacking Fields online by basically calling her a liar and/or that she was asking for it.Daily Caller reporter assaulted by NYPD during  Occupy  protests   professional reporting or attention seeking? https://t.co/FqOQQMvNcy  Corey Lewandowski (@CLewandowski_) March 10, 2016Michelle Fields is an attention seeker who once claimed Allen West groped her but later went silent. https://t.co/J86Ej42eYx  Corey Lewandowski (@CLewandowski_) March 10, 2016We're Calling Bullshit On Michelle Fields   GotNews https://t.co/VKpMaSLnmm  Corey Lewandowski (@CLewandowski_) March 10, 2016Lewandowski and the entirety of the Trump campaign are relentlessly abusive both online and in person, with Trump even calling for violence against protesters regularly.Good on Fields for filing charges. Hopefully this will be the first of many charges filed against an abusive campaign. The violence needs to stop and it needs to stop now. This permissiveness will only lead to more abuse if not something worse. Much worse. Enough is enough.Featured image: YouTube",0
7562, Rubio’s Campaign Just Committed Suicide In This State For Good Reasons (VIDEO),"Marco Rubio has officially joined the anti-Trump squad. Rubio is now urging his supporters in Ohio to vote for their governor John Kasich.Ohio is Kasich s home state and is the only candidate who has a shot of taking down Trump in their primary election. Michigan proved that Kasich has wide support in the rust belt region of the Midwest, though he did not have enough support in the peninsula to actually take down Trump.Rubio s campaign director, Alex Conant, told CNN that he and the campaign recognize that rallying behind Kasich is their best chance of keeping Ohio s 66 delegates out of Trump s hands. Polls show Trump ahead in Ohio but if non-Trump supporter Republicans go all in on Kasich, it might be enough for the candidate to take the state. If you are a Republican primary voter in Ohio and you want to defeat Donald Trump, your best chance in Ohio is John Kasich,  Conant told CNN on Friday.Like any good communications director would Conant took the opportunity to drive the point home that what holds true for Kasich in Ohio, is also true of Rubio in Florida. If you re a voter and Marco Rubio is not necessarily your first choice   if you like John Kasich or you like Ted Cruz and you re here in Florida, you need to vote for Marco Rubio because he s the only one who can deprive Donald Trump of those 99 delegates,  Conant went on to say.  And if we stop Donald Trump here in Florida, we can stop him in Cleveland. He will not be the Republican nominee. Rubio does stand the best chance to steal away with Florida s 99 delegates. That s actually a huge problem for Republicans. Polls show Trump blowing Rubio out of the water in the gator state. In order for Rubio to take Florida, Both Ted Cruz and Kasich supporters would have to go all in for Rubio.That doesn t seem likely. Cruz s campaign has burned many bridges with Rubio s campaign during the election. As the runner-up, Cruz also has to maintain the posturing that comes with that position.One thing is for sure, next Tuesday s elections will probably decide who will take the Republican presidential nomination. For Rubio, it will almost certainly be the end of his significance in the race, if not the end for him altogether.You can watch the relevant portion of the interview below.Featured image from Gage Skidmore via Flickr",0
7563, Another White Trump Supporter Assaults A Black Man At A Terrifying Rally In The South (VIDEO),"Enough is enough. It s time for Donald Trump to condemn this racist violence or be forced to end his campaign.For the second time in a week, video footage has revealed yet another incident of violent racism at the same Trump rally in North Carolina where an old white redneck sucker-punched a young black protester in the head as he was being escorted out the building by police.78-year-old John McGraw has since been arrested by law enforcement, but now it looks like police are going to have to hunt down and arrest another white racist who assaulted a different black person who, despite not doing anything wrong, was escorted out with other African-American attendees by officers who roughed some of them up for no reason.East Carolina University student Adedayo Adeniyi caught the terrifying experience on his cell phone camera on Wednesday as officers began scuffling with other black people in the stands around him. Hey that s not me, that s them,  Adeniyi says on the video in reference to being told he has to leave even though he wasn t even protesting.  I don t even know them! The cops, who are white, wrestle one protester to the ground and cuff him before leading him off. As Adeniyi is also led off down the aisle, an old white KKK wannabe tells him  Hey, f*ck you, baby, f*ck you!  And then physically assaults him by slapping him, and police didn t seem to care about that at all.Here s the video via YouTube.Afterwards, Adeniyi remarked that the incident made him fear for the future of America because it definitely looks like the country is embracing hate and bigotry. These are presidential candidate rallies,  he told the New York Daily News. I m not at a KKK rally. The fact that I experienced hate at a candidate rally tells you everything you need to know about Donald Trump and the people that support him. People will act more hateful and racist in environments that they feel not only encouraged to do it, but accept it as normal. The man at the end of the video is a moment I ll never forget. The hate in his eyes. The words. The hate in those words. The slap. It was disgusting and sad. At that moment I believed that America will stay and continue to be a hateful and bigoted country. Donald Trump s rallies are nothing more than glorified white supremacist rallies that are an embarrassment to this nation and those around the world. The fact that any candidate for political office here in 21st century America actually condones and encourages violence and racism against black people is sickening The fact that the police are serving as Trump s own personal guard and are allowing these acts of violence to occur and in some cases even joining in is just as disgusting. This is not the America any of us should want, but it s the one we ll get if people do not vote in November.Featured image via Flickr",0
7564, Trump Just Approved Of And Asked For MORE Violence Against Protesters (VIDEO),"What s it going to take for someone to step in and tell Donald Trump that his behavior is not okay? When will he be arrested for inciting violence against others? He is now literally saying that fighting and punching protesters at his rallies is okay. Well, guess what? It s not okay. Not by any means. Not if, even as Trump says, the protesters are  violent. At a press conference Friday morning where Dr. Ben Carson slept through his endorsement of Trump, Trump said: These are people that punch. People that are violent people. The particular one where I said  I d like to bang him,  that was a very vicious   a guy who was swinging, very loud, and then started swinging at the audience. You know what? The audience swung back. And I thought it was very, very appropriate. He was swinging. He was hitting people. And the audience hit back. And that s what we need a little bit more of. This isn t all that surprising considering this is what he has said before: You know what I hate? There s a guy totally disruptive, throwing punches, we re not allowed to punch back anymore. I love the ol  days. You know what they used to do to guys like that when they were in a place like this? They d be carried out on a stretcher, folks. Enough is enough, folks. Violence is never okay, and if you want to be the President of the United States, Trump, you can t just throw punches at our enemies if they don t agree with you. One of the scariest thoughts in the world right now is the thought of Trump with our nuclear codes. WATCH: Donald Trump called violence against protesters at his rallies  very, very appropriate  https://t.co/Sr1ROSVICO  Globalnews.ca (@globalnews) March 11, 2016Featured image via screen capture",0
7565, WATCH: Ted Cruz Humiliated For Blatantly Lying During GOP Debate,"Ted Cruz just keeps on embarrassing himself.During the GOP Debate on Thursday night, the Texas Senator set himself up to be exposed and humiliated by Republican front-runner Donald Trump.The whole thing happened in under a minute as Cruz began talking about just how much he opposed ethanol in Iowa. When I went to Iowa and campaigned against ethanol mandates, everyone said that was political suicide,  Cruz claimed. You can t take on ethanol in Iowa. And my opponents on this stage not only didn t do the same. They attacked me and even promised to expand corporate welfare. If we re going to stop bankrupting our kids and grandkids, you ve got to be willing to take on the lobbyists Patiently waiting to go in for the kill, Trump responded by reminding the audience that Ted Cruz actually flip-flopped on that particular issue in Iowa because as Bloomberg reported at the time, ethanol is  the third rail of Iowa politics, across party and socioeconomic lines. Indeed, that meant Cruz had to say anything to win, even if it meant throwing his support behind ethanol production. Because if he didn t, he d be telling 50,000 Iowans that he opposes them having a job. Cruz even wrote an op-ed whining about how his opponents have slammed his anti-ethanol views and he lied to Iowa farmers to their faces by claiming he was fighting for them. By this point in the campaign, many readers will have seen the furious coordinated effort being waged by Democrats and big-money lobbyists, who are together spending hundreds of thousands of dollars trying to convince Iowans that I oppose ethanol. Their charges are utter nonsense. However, those farmers didn t mean much to Cruz last night as he bragged about how he OPPOSED ethanol in Iowa and Trump quickly called him out for lying. If you look back to Iowa, Ted did change his view and his stance on ethanol quite a bit. He did and   at the end. Not full on, but he did change his view in the hopes of maybe doing well. And you know, I think everybody knows that. It was a front page story all over the place, and he did make a change. When the debate moderator asked Cruz to respond, the caught red-handed liar could only throw up his hands and dive into a canned line about how he ll stand up against Washington. Listen, if you are fed up with Washington, the question you ought to be asking is who is willing to take on Washington? Here s the video via Daily Motion. Rubio Cuba by tommyxtopherOnce again, Ted Cruz gets humiliated by being caught lying on the debate stage. Clearly he has no shame.Featured Image: Flickr",0
7566, President Obama Just Did Something Amazing To Help The Poor With The Cost Of Raising Kids,"If you ve ever raised a child while living in poverty you know the struggles it entails. Food and formula are expensive, but often there is help available. Clothing needs change week to week it seems, but again, help is available through charitable organizations and often times family hand-me-downs. Shelter, utilities; all the things people who have never experienced being poor take for granted become not just necessities but a constant source of worry.There is one particular item that poverty is not kind to: disposable diapers. Diapers are often all that stand between your child being warm, dry and comfortable and in complete misery. For far too many parents, this one commodity has to sometimes be treated like a luxury due to the cost. You re faced with a dilemma from the moment you walk into the store to that first changing afterward: Do you buy the cheap store brand that will need to be changed immediately or do you invest in premium brands that your child can wear a little bit longer if she just had a little bit of a pee?Think that s an exaggeration or a choice nobody makes? Think again. Diapers are expensive and they go fast. Getting as many miles as possible out of a wet diaper is a choice poor parents are faced with every day.The Obama administration has unveiled a plan to aid non-profit companies in streamlining the packaging and sale of disposable diapers to low-income families. According to the White House blog, one in three families struggle with the cost of diapers. Under the new program, which should be underway by the end of April, non-profits will save big buying diapers in bulk, allowing them to distribute them to families at costs about 25 percent less than retail.That 25 percent means more diaper changes and happier, cleaner babies. Thanks, Obama.Featured image via Whitehouse.gov ",0
7567, Popular St. Louis Bar Closed For Having A Clientele Too Black For The Neighborhood (SCREENSHOTS),"Tropical Liqueurs, otherwise known as  Trops , a popular night spot that originated in Columbia, Missouri, thought they had struck gold when a beautiful building became available in the Soulard neighborhood of St. Louis. Specializing in frozen drinks and younger clientele, the new bar was immediate success   unless you poll the neighbors. Trops doesn t just attract younger people, it tends to attract a diverse younger crowd that includes a hearty percentage of African-Americans.The neighbors, used to the noise and traffic of bars in this party-rich neighborhood, were happy to have the white college crowd for years, but for some reason just couldn t handle Trops. The bar came under immediate attack from local code officials who complained about everything from loud music to trash on the streets to parking   all things associated with a bar.Trops immediately complied with every single one of the city s demands and, in fact, went far beyond what was expected of them. They hired extra help and off-duty police officers to pick up trash outside and direct traffic. They shut down their patio music at 11PM when other bars nearby raged on. They closed their doors voluntarily at midnight even though their license allowed them to stay open until 1:30AM. They even stopped serving to-go drinks in vacuum sealed, perfectly legal cups.To owner Billy Thompson, there was nothing left to do. Not only had he complied with the city s demands, he even instituted a dress code that disallowed baggy pants and hoodies. After all was said and done, the ruling came down: Trops will lose its liquor license on April 9th; bigotry wins. The bar s Facebook page announced the closure, which came as no surprise to some fans: Those are just a couple of the comments from patrons of the bar. Some have tried to take race out of the equation, blaming the closure on the bar breaking open-carry laws and serving drinks out of a drive-through window, but those claims are hyperbole considering the cups the bar used before they stopped serving to-go drinks were legal by the standards of the City Commissioner and the drive-through was an urban legend from the original location in Columbia. Local news has also pointed out that there seems to be little other than race keeping Trops from prospering in the vast community of bars in the area.This is just another case of a business that caters to everyone trying to succeed in a neighborhood where  everyone  means  all shapes and sizes of white people. Featured image from stlmag.com",0
7568, WATCH: Sarah Silverman Hilariously Demolishes Trump On Conan,"Adolf Hitler isn t enthused about being compared to Republican front runner Donald Trump, according to comedian Sarah Silverman, who dressed up as the Nazi dictator and made an appearance on Conan. After being introduced, Silverman-as-Hitler said: Wow, look at that! I have to say, that s more applause than I expected. Don t get me wrong, Conan. I agree with a lot he says   a lot. Like 90 percent of what he says, I m like, this guy gets it, but I don t like the way he says it. It s crass. In reference to a recent GOP debate when Rubio poked fun of Trump s hands and implicitly referred to the size of his penis, Silverman-as-Hitler had this to say: What kind of person talks about his penis size on national television? Oh yeah, I m so sure Donald Trump has a big penis. I famously have a micro penis. That s what makes a tyrant. Anyway, all these comparisons to Trump, it s like, it bums me out. You know what I mean? Sometimes I watch him and I m like,  Is that how people see me?' Watch the clip here:Trump has received a barrage of criticism, some comparing him to the notorious dictator including Louis CK, who said,  he is dangerous. Mexican President Enrique Pe a Nieto said Trump s campaign had similarities to the rise of the Nazi leader.In an interview with Good Morning America, Trump said of the comparisons:It s a terrible comparison. I m not happy about that, certainly. I don t want that comparison. But you know we have to be strong, and we have to be vigilant. People agree with that. We don t want to lose our jobs to China. And we don t want to lose our jobs to Mexico and Japan, If Trump doesn t want such comparisons, then he should stop propagating in ways that remind the world of the notorious Nazi dictator.",0
7569, Chicago Hot Dog Stand Literally Lets You Bite Into Trump’s Tiny Wiener (TWEET),"Donald Trump infamously went further into the gutter than usual at a recent debate, where he talked about his  hand  size, which we all know was just code for the size of his d*ck. Well, one Chicago hot dog stand has taken this horrible comment and run with it   and now their customers can literally take a bite out of Trump s little wiener.Dubbed the  Trump Footlong,  the hot dog from the Wiener s Circle hot dog stand is pushing something that is definitely false advertising, because the hot dog is anything but a footlong. In fact, it s only 3 inches. They tweeted out their new product, and it will likely drive up sales just because people are so eager to humiliate Trump regarding his grossly unpresidential remarks regarding his own genitals:The trump footlong! At te wiener's circle starting tomorrow! Just look at those long, resplendent fingers! pic.twitter.com/kYezqMT5De  The Wiener's Circle (@DOGSnSHAKES) March 10, 2016Of course, most people would still be hungry after just one 3-inch hot dog, so most folks will likely opt for the Trump Super PAC, which is four of these little buggers for just $12.56. Definitely a deal, if you ve ever eaten off of a food truck or stand of any kind in a city the size of Chicago. Besides, your hard-earned money would be going to infuriate and humiliate the biggest buffoon in American politics. Definitely well worth it.Just wait until Trump gets a load of this one. I bet that s the last time he alludes to the size of his d*ck on camera during a presidential debate or anywhere else.Featured image via screen capture from AI archives",0
7570, President Obama BURNS Canadian Ted Cruz With Epic Joke (VIDEO)," It was a slow burn, but President Obama made the audience explode in laughter with the punchline.During a state dinner in honor of Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, President Obama delivered lighthearted remarks that included humorous shots at the Republican Party Primary race and the participants.Obama began by talking about how America and Canada are lands of opportunity and then he turned the birtherism of the GOP around and threw it right back at them in a burn Ted Cruz will feel on the campaign trail. This visit has been a celebration of the values that we share,  Obama began. We as a people are committed to the principles of equality and opportunity. The idea that if you work hard and play by the rules you can make it if you try no matter what the circumstances of your birth in both of our countries. Obama started out serious and thoughtful, setting up those in attendance for what would be a hilarious joke at Ted Cruz s expense, thus once again demonstrating his mastery of comedy. We see this in our current presidential campaign. Where else could a boy born in Calgary run for president of the United States? Here s the video via YouTube.For years, Republicans have claimed that President Obama is illegitimate because they say he wasn t born in the United States even though records clearly prove that President Obama was born in Hawaii to an American mother in 1961.But during this GOP Primary, Ted Cruz has been running for president even though he really was born in a different country, and only Donald Trump has repeatedly pointed that out throughout the race while other Republicans hypocritically remain silent.But President Obama also alluded to Trump in a separate joke, mentioning how Canada is welcoming Americans into their nation if Trump somehow wins the presidency and how our neighbors to the North refuse to build a wall to keep us out in our time of need. Where else would we see a community like Cape Breton, Nova Scotia welcoming Americans if the election does not go their way? And to the great credit of their people, Canadians from British Columbia to New Brunswick have, so far, rejected the idea of building a wall to keep out your southern neighbors. We appreciate that. We can be unruly, I know. President Obama s humor and quick wit will be sorely missed when he leaves office in 2017.Featured image via video screen capture",0
7571, McDonald’s Brings Conservatives’ Nightmares To Life With New Ad That Has Them Fuming (VIDEO/TWEETS),"Over the past few months, McDonalds has been a target for protests in favor of the fast food franchise raising its minimum hourly wage. Now, the company has once again angered the public  but for a much more noble cause.This time, McDonald s is taking hits from anti-gay religious groups that are absolutely fuming after McDonald s Taiwan posted an LGBT-friendly advertisement for McCafe onto its Facebook page.The ad, which features a young man coming out to his father, is 90 seconds of pure emotion, capturing a moment that is extremely scary and heart-wrenching for many LGBT youth and adults. In the ad, the young man passes a coffee cup to his father that says,  I like boys.  The father gets upset and jumps up from the table, leaving his son alone and fighting back tears. A few seconds later the father returns, picks up the same cup of coffee and writes on it  I accept that you like boys, as translated by the Shanghaiist.Watch the subtitled ad called  Acceptance  below:The ad touched the hearts of many and went viral, with over 3.6 million views, more than 92,000 likes and thousands of shares. Unfortunately, not everyone enjoyed or appreciated the ad s accepting and equality-driven message. Chang Shou-yi, the secretary general of the Alliance of Taiwan Religious Groups for the Protection of Family, is actually calling for a boycott on the restaurant after seeing the ad. Shou-yi said: Because McDonald s is frequented by many children, it is especially important to oppose the promotion of same-sex behavior. The secretary general added that the religious group  rebukes and boycotts all enterprises that are polluting the next generation. Now, even if you want to just take a leak at a McDonald s bathroom, you can t help but feel polluted. But regardless of the backlash against the ad, the social media response has been extremely supportive:TwitterFacebookIf religious groups want to keep opposing businesses that support LGBT rights, they re going to have very limited places to do business with   it s a list that keeps getting shorter as the world moves further away from bigotry and the hateful conservative rhetoric. Even Chick-fil-A, a brand that infamously boasted its opposition to gay marriage, has a franchisee that donated food to a gay pride picnic last year. The religious right is seriously running out of places where their bigotry is welcome.Featured image via video screen capture",0
7572, Chumlee From ‘Pawn Stars’ Arrested In Las Vegas On 20 Felony Charges (VIDEO),"This just goes to show, never judge a book by its cover, and never judge a person by a scripted reality television show.Austin Lee Russell, better known as  Chumlee  on the hit History Channel reality show Pawn Stars has been arrested Wednesday in Las Vegas after police searched his southwest Las Vegas home. The police were there as part of a sexual assault investigation, but that s not why he was arrested.Russell was held at the Clark County Detention Center for being in possession of  methamphetamine, marijuana and at least one gun.  All in all, he had 19 drug-possession charges and one weapons charge, with his bail set at $62,000. Allegedly,  the 33-year-old reality TV star has not been charged with sexual assault, but the investigation is ongoing. As many of you have probably watched Pawn Stars over the past several years, you d see Chumlee as the dopey guy with the imbecilic one-liners to often add comedic relief to the show about buying and selling treasured relics. In 2014, he told the Las Vegas Sun: People can relate to me, and they root for me because on the show I am the dumb guy, the one who is a little rougher around the edges. When people come in the store, they want to give me a hug and say hi. They want to see the Old Man sitting in his chair, they want to talk to Rick about whatever item they have. They interact with us differently   It takes a special person to be a Corey fan (laughs). But me, I m the guy they want to hug.  Well, probably not anymore now that his true colors are coming out and release of this arrest hits the newswire. Chances are, we may not be seeing much more of him on the beloved show, at least if the showrunners are smart.Watch the report from KTNV here: Featured image via Fox News ",0
7573," Trump Supporter Who Sucker Punched Black Protester: ‘Next Time, We Might Have To Kill Him’ (VIDEO)","The Donald Trump supporter who viciously assaulted an African-American protester at a recent campaign rally gave a terrifying interview to Inside Edition, and it confirms what many of us have sensed for a long time: It s only a matter of time before someone gets killed at a Trump rally.TV s Inside Edition caught up with the cowboy hat wearing Trump fan after the rally and asked him about why he sucker punched a young black man as he was being escorted out of the stadium. The man, whom police have identified as 78-year-old John McGraw, was all smiles. He beamed as he told the camera:  You bet I liked it. Knocking the hell out of that big mouth. When asked why he needed to punch the 26-year-old, McGraw let his crazy fly at full force: We don t know if he s ISIS. We don t know who he is, but we know he s not acting like an American, cussing me. If he wants it laid out, I laid it out. McGraw believes the African American protester was from ISIS. However, his delusional bloodlust didn t end there. He went on to say that the man  deserved it  and warned that  next time we see him, we might have to kill him.  He again reiterated the idea that the man was a terrorist.The victim, Rakeem Jones, was reportedly sore but fine after the incident. However, police at the event decided to arrest him instead of McGraw.McGraw s violence is just another example of a disturbing trend at Trump rallies. As protesters continue to bravely come out to interrupt the Republican front-runner where ever he goes, his fans have taken to physically assaulting them. Based on McGraw s statements, the violence is inspired in part by delusional conspiracies gleaned from Fox News and the GOP that pretends Islamic terrorists, black people, and liberals are working together to destroy America. As such, people like McGraw feel no remorse for attacking them.Don t believe it, just let him tell you himself.Featured image via screen capture from Inside Edition",0
7574, Mom PERFECTLY Responds To Anti-Science Idiot Telling Child She’s Being Kept Autistic (IMAGES),"A mother is outraged after her autistic daughter came home in tears because another parent told her that her mom doesn t want to cure her autism.If you are a parent with a heart and a brain, you re going to be just as pissed off as this little girl s mom.According to a Facebook post provided by A Science Enthusiast, a parent actually had the audacity to tell a little girl that her mother doesn t want to cure her of her autism, and then gave the child a brochure advertising a  natural  cure company.So, the little girl s mom took to Facebook to give the anonymous parent a deserved severe tongue-lashing. To the PARENT who today told my daughter with autism that is can be CURED- through specific diet, avoiding chemicals (IDIOT) and essential oils. FUCK YOU. My brilliant science minded, but incredibly naive child who embraces her individuality, came home extremely upset and confused as to why I m not trying to cure her. THIS BITCH gave my kid a brochure for a direct sales company that sells  natural and organic foods and spices  and told her  give it to your mom if she s interested in learning more about a cure. The mother destroyed the brochure, but The Science Enthusiast did provide an image from the company website.After reading about Wildtree, it s clear that they do not claim to be able to cure autism or any other disorders. Wildtree is simply a company that offers organic meals to people who have dietary restrictions due to medical conditions or to those who just want to eat more healthy. So it appears the parent who spouted this nonsense about a  cure  for autism either misread what the company is about or is truly just an idiot.But that doesn t make this mom any less angry about what this other parent did. My kid now wonders if I m PURPOSELY keeping her sick. I want to beat the shit out of this psycho. My arthritis be damned. Here s the full post via Facebook.// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;This is so fucked up.Posted by A Science Enthusiast on Wednesday, March 9, 2016This is one of the most evil things to tell a child and this so-called  parent  should be investigated and kept as far away from kids and civilization as possible.For the record, there is no cure for autism. But there are treatments available such as therapies and behavioral interventions that have proven to be a great help to autistic adults and children.Featured image via Pinterest",0
7575, The Better Business Bureau Calls Trump Out As The Lying Liar That He Absolutely Is (IMAGES),"When someone else is trying to tell you that everyone else is lying in order for you to believe only them, they re probably lying to you. That s pretty much what Fox News does on a daily basis, and that s definitely what Donald Trump does regularly.In fact, Trump has just been called out on a pretty big lie that he really can t walk back from by any means. During a recent GOP debate on Fox News, Megyn Kelly asked Trump about the Better Business Bureau s rating of his  Trump University.  Kelly alleged that the  university  had an D-minus rating, while Trump boasted  right now it is at an A. Here s the thing   neither of those ratings are true. While Trump tried to claim that this is the current rating of his venture into swindling people via higher learning, even faxing an alleged copy of the report to the Fox moderators during the debate The Better Business Bureau report, with an A rating for Trump University. #GOPDebate https://t.co/ldJ5EFp3HM pic.twitter.com/1K9u09CFQQ  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2016 that report is actually from several years ago. And according to the Better Business Bureau, they  did not send a document of any kind to the Republican debate site last Thursday evening. The document presented to debate moderators did not come from BBB that night. In fact, according to an official statement released by the BBB:For purposes of this statement, we will refer to Trump University, which is how it is most often referred to in news stories. There is only one BBB Business Review for Trump University, and we noted the name change to Trump Entrepreneur Initiative  when it was brought to our attention by the company.1. BBB did not send a document of any kind to the Republican debate site last Thursday evening. The document presented to debate moderators did not come from BBB that night.2. Trump University does not currently have an A rating with BBB. The BBB Business Review for this company has continually been  No Rating  since September 2015.  Prior to that, it fluctuated between D- and A+.3. The document posted on social media on Thursday night was not a current BBB Business Review of Trump University.  It appeared to be part of a Business Review from 2014.4. BBB ratings are based on information we obtain about a business, including complaints received from the public.  The reporting period is three years.  Detailed information about BBB ratings is available on all 5.3 million Business Reviews on our website, bbb.org.5. At no point did BBB change the rating of Trump University based upon a demand from anyone.  BBB followed its standard evaluation process applicable to all businesses.6. During the period when Trump University appeared to be active in the marketplace, BBB received multiple customer complaints about this business. These complaints affected the Trump University BBB rating, which was as low as D- in 2010.  As the company appeared to be winding down, after 2013, no new complaints were reported. Complaints over three years old automatically rolled off of the Business Review, according to BBB policy. As a result, over time, Trump University s BBB rating went to an A in July 2014 and then to an A+ in January 2015.7.  Trump University has never been a BBB Accredited Business.  The document handed to the debate moderators on Thursday night could not have been an actual  Better Business Bureau accreditation notice  for this business.Trump flat-out LIED. Here s what the BBB actually has listed for Trump University:via Better Business BureauDoes Trump think that these facts won t make themselves known? It certainly seems that way.This sort of purposeful lying and deceit is the last thing we need as a Commander-in-Chief. We need to make sure Trump stays as far away from the Oval Office as possible.Featured image via Flickr/BBB",0
7576, ‘Dilbert’ Creator Scott Adams Says Comparing Trump To Hitler Is Racist,"The man behind the lovably hapless office drone  Dilbert  has a few things to say about Donald Trump   and they are a doozy.In a post on his blog, cartoonist Scott Adams blasted people who dared to compare Donald Trump to German dictator Adolf Hitler, describing the comparison as  racist  against German people.Can we agree that calling the candidate with German ancestry Hitler  is racist? It sure feels that way to me. I m about half German, same as Trump. And it feels like a racial insult to me.I m not easily offended, but I don t see any other way to interpret the incessant Hitler analogies directed at Trump. If he were female and Asian   with exactly the same policies   would we be comparing him to Hitler every five seconds?I don t think so.There are, of course, a few things wrong with Adams  analysis:  German  isn t a race, Hitler wasn t German, comparing one person with German ancestry to an infamous tyrant isn t  racist , the list goes on..But more to the point, Donald Trump wouldn t be an Asian female, because Donald Trump s policies   at their core   appeal to white supremacists who would never consider voting for a woman of color. The kind of hate-fueled rhetoric that makes Trump soar in the Republican polls is at the expense of minorities, women, and other disadvantaged groups. You know who else used prejudice and scapegoating to fire up his supporters? Adams sure can t think of anyone!However, Adams believes that Trump is actually the anti-Hitler, because   and this is pretty astounding   Trump is actually  pro-minority.  But only the  minorities  Adams considers worthy:What Adams doesn t mention are actual minorities, including Hispanics that Trump described as  rapists  or African Americans, who have been repeatedly violently attacked at his rallies. The minorities Adams counts are mostly just aggrieved white people who want things their way and are upset that President Obama won t give it to them.What about the Muslims Trump suggested should be banned? Adams agrees that s discrimination, but says they deserve it.Trump has indeed suggested discrimination against incoming Muslims. But I think you have to see this situation as a special case because Sharia law is incompatible with the Constitution of the United States. And conquering infidels is part of the Islamic belief system in some corners of Islam. If we can t tell the good people from the bad, it boils down to national security and risk-management.Hilariously, Adams concludes by begging his readers to instead try to compare Hitler to people like  Nelson Mandela, Mother Teresa, and Gandhi.  He claims it s  easier than you want to believe.  He doesn t explain how.Despite all of this lunacy, Adams says he isn t endorsing Trump for president, but only because the Republican front-runner  scares  people too much to effectively bring the country together. However, he is optimistic that Trump could  persuade  people not to be afraid of him using his  deal-making  skills. If that happens, Adams seems to think Trump would be an awesome president. Just ask all those  minorities  he mentioned.Featured image via ibmphoto24/Flickr ",0
7577, WATCH: Insider Reveals How Trump University Scammed People,"A former employee of Donald Trump s Trump University has become the star of a new campaign ad in which he testifies to some of the shady business practices used by the current Republican frontrunner s enterprise. Cliff  appears in a new ad from the conservative American Future Fund. He identifies himself as a former salesman for Trump University, and tells viewers,  with Donald Trump, you always have to read the fine print. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F9Gr9nS3fLk&feature=youtu.beIn the ad, Cliff explains how he was enlisted to cold call people who had attended the seminars held in hotel rooms across the country by Trump University and would take them  on an emotional rollercoaster  in order to sell them on more and more product, sales which would soon find their ways into the pockets of Trump.Cliff also reveals that the  mentors  who were supposed to teach Trump University patrons how to make money in real estate were  not as qualified  as they were supposed to be, which resulted in disappointment for customers.According to the whistleblower, the Trump University had  non-stop calls  with complaints from people about the inadequate training and guidance they had received, even though ads for Trump University promised access to a world of wealth similar to what Trump has sold for years.American Future Fund said in a press release that the ad would be part of a  seven-figure Florida ad buy,  in part of the ongoing attempt by the Republican establishment to deny giving Trump the Republican presidential nomination. Despite the expensive advertising commitment, the most recent polling shows Trump is positioned to win the primary in the winner-take-all state, as he is currently leading Senator Marco Rubio by 7 percent, even though it is Rubio s home state.Trump has claimed that even though Trump University was labeled a  bait-and-switch  scheme by the New York State Attorney General, he and the company that operated it did nothing wrong. Trump even said that should he be elected president, he had plans to resurrect the now-defunct company with his children running it.Featured image via YouTube ",0
7578, Lindsey Graham Says GOP Blocking SCOTUS Nominees Is ‘Going To Be The New Rule’ (VIDEO),"Ever since President Barack Obama entered the White House, the Republican Party has done whatever they could to undermine his authority and sabotage his efforts to improve America. This couldn t have been more clear when the GOP threatened to block any nominee the president chose to replace the late Supreme Court justice Antonin Scalia a few weeks ago.According to South Carolina Senator and Senate Judiciary Committee member Lindsey Graham, this is just  going to be the new rule . On Thursday, Graham announced during a Committee meeting that the Senate would block any nominee that would be appointed if it was within a year before an election. Graham said: We are setting a precedent today. That in the last year of a lame-duck eight-year term that you cannot fill a vacancy in the Supreme Court. Based on what we re doing here today. That s going to be the new rule. We re headed to changing the rules, probably in a permanent fashion. This new strategy from the GOP to not even consider a Supreme Court nominee differs greatly from what Republicans had originally described as a  tradition. Graham insisted that he just wants to have a nominee that will be chosen by the next president, but it seems to be more personal. To be completely honest, this is the first time the Judiciary Committee has refused to hold a hearing for a nominee since it began holding hearings for nominations   and it s because the GOP takes major issue with Obama. With Graham s statement above, the GOPer basically just admitted that this is the first time in history that such a blockade has occurred.You can watch Graham admit to his party s childish behavior below:It is Obama s constitutional obligation as POTUS to choose a nominee, and despite the resistance from the Senate, the president has been going forward and fulfilling his job duties, unlike Republicans like Graham and Majority Leader of the Senate Mitch McConnell. The president is expected to announce a nominee within the next few days. Featured image via John Premble via Flickr",0
7579, Christian ‘Prophet’ Literally Loses His @ss When He Takes On Wild Lions For Jesus,"A Zion Christian Church prophet named Alec Ndiwane had a brush with death recently when his ability to see the future and fend off wild animals with the power of the Lord failed him at a wildlife park in Ghana. Ndiwane, while visiting Kruger National Park with fellow church members, went into a  trance  and began  speaking in tongues.  If you ve ever seen footage of this sort of thing happening to someone, it s better described as  he decided to play his role and spouted some gibberish just before making a complete fool of himself. The prophet threw caution to the wind and charged at a pack of lions who were happily chomping on an impala they had taken down. Ndiwane ran towards them, believing the dominion over animals granted by God to man would keep him safe. As he ran screaming towards the pack, several of the animals decided he looked rather tasty, charging towards him instead of running away. When Ndiwane realized there was some serious tonnage worth of teeth and claws headed his way, he miraculously snapped out of his trance and turned tail towards safety.Not only did God not give Ndiwane power over the lions, he also failed to give him the speed to get away clean. A female lion got in a good swipe and ruined the rest of the trip, sending Ndiwane to the hospital with major damage to his glutes. While doctors assured him his left cheek would be intact, the right cheek apparently didn t fare as well. Ndiwane was stitched up and spent the night in the hospital.The prophet told GhanaWeb: I do not know what came over me. I thought the Lord wanted to use me to show his power over animals. Is it not we were given dominion over all creatures of the earth? No. It is not. We were given sentience and cognitive ability and opposable thumbs, but dominion over animals requires we use those things in an intelligent, well thought-out manner when approaching creatures who kill things much larger and stronger than we are on a regular basis. If there is a God, she is laughing her ass off right about now. Pun intended. Featured image from Wikipedia",0
7580, KARMA Strikes: White Trump Fanatic Who Sucker Punched Black Man Charged With Assault (VIDEO),"A scene from a Donald Trump rally in North Carolina showing a white Trump supporter sucker punching a black protester as The Donald s private police ignore him has been making waves since the incident occurred Tuesday night. As Rakeem Jones was being escorted out of the event along with a group of others who chose to peacefully speak out against the American Hitler s unabashed hatred of all that isn t white, one of Trump s supporters drew on the numerous permissions his Master has given him to assault black people at rallies and sucker punched Jones.In video captured from multiple angles, Trump s private police force ignores the 78-year-old cowboy hat-wearing white man, now identified as John McGraw of Linden, NC, and piles on the victim of the attack   because, after all, this was a Trump rally and people like Jones are considered Untermensch. Boom, he caught me,  Jones told the Washington Post.  After I get it, before I could even fain my thoughts, I m on the ground getting escorted out. Now I m waking up this morning looking at the news and seeing me geting hit again. It s happening at all these rallies now and they re letting it ride,  Jones said, adding that he was also targeted by the racisl slurs that are typically hurled at black men who attend Trump rallies.  The police jumped on me like I was the one swinging.  He added: My eye still hurts. It s just shocking. The shock of it all is starting to set in. It s like this dude really hit me and they let him get away with it. I was basically in police custody and got hit. Yes, it really did seem like McGraw was going to get away with it   but thanks to public outcry, the police have no choice but to deal with the problem. WRAL reports:A 78-year-old Linden man has been charged with assaulting a protester at the rally held in Fayetteville Wednesday for Republican front-runner Donald Trump.John McGraw is charged with assault and battery and disorderly conduct, according to the Cumberland County Sheriff s Office.A video posted on YouTube shows McGraw hitting Rakeem Jones as he was being escorted out of Crown Coliseum by authorities.After being hit, Jones was tackled by law enforcement officials.Amazing   and all it took was monumental social media outcry for law enforcement to do the thing that should have been done in the first place.Watch the assault below:Featured image via screengrab",0
7581, WATCH: Trump Becomes Unhinged When Confronted About His Vulgar Language In Front Of Children,"Donald Trump continues to give American voters important clues and hints as to why we shouldn t vote for him. He fits the typical prototype for a demagogue, and his comments about minorities and women have rendered him the most divisive presidential candidate in modern history. His most recent act of idiocy came when a man confronted him with concerns over Trump s tendency to swear during debates and on the campaign trail.The man first asked Trump about a new ad targeting him over his use of words like,  motherf*cker,   p*ssy  and  a**  to describe his opponents and wanted to know whether Trump thought that was presidential. Trump said: I was a little concerned with that ad until I saw it. I think it s better than any ad I ve ever taken for myself. The man then pressed Trump more saying,  A lot of parents are trying to figure out how to explain some of the language they re hearing on the campaign trail.  That s when Trump threw a hissy fit and shot out a typical red herring, preferring to attack the man rather than address his valid question: Oh you re so politically correct, oh look at you. Oh I know, you ve never heard a little off-language. Aren t you just a perfect young man. You know it s stuff like that, that people in this country are tired of. I don t have children but one can only imagine the parenting skills required to explain Donald Trump, to explain how this individual is actually running for the most powerful position in the world and has support. The hope is that Americans can send a powerful message to their children and to the world by ensuring this character does not become president.Watch video here:Donald Trump responds when asked whether his use of vulgar words, highlighted in a critical new ad, is presidential.https://t.co/ht2rbbZPiS  NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) March 10, 2016 Featured image via video screenshot",0
7582, President Obama Laughs After Being Told Republicans Blame Him For Rise Of Trump (VIDEO),"President  Zero F*cks Left  Obama strikes again.After a reporter informed President Obama that Republicans are blaming him for Donald Trump taking over the GOP Primary, he literally had a good laugh and proceeded to lay out exactly how Republicans brought the Trump circus upon themselves. I have been blamed by Republicans for a lot of things but being blamed for their primaries and who they re selecting for their party is novel,  Obama said as he and others chuckled.President Obama then stopped joking and took aim at Republicans for not taking responsibility for the mess they created.He pointed out that right-wing media and Republican leadership  have been feeding the Republican base, for the last seven years, a notion that everything I do is to be opposed, that cooperation and compromise are a betrayal I don t think that I was the one to prompt questions about my birth certificate, for example,  Obama continued. I don t remember saying,  Hey, why don t you ask me about that, or why don t you question whether I m American or whether I m loyal, or whether I have America s best interests at heart. Those weren t prompted by any actions of mine. What you re seeing within the Republican Party, is to some degree, all of those efforts over a course of time creating an environment where somebody like a Donald Trump can thrive. He s just doing more of what has been done over the last seven and a half years. Then President Obama pointed out that Trump s policies are no different than policies being pushed by Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio, the other two extremists in the GOP presidential field. It s not as if there s a massive difference between Mr. Trump s position on immigration and Mr. Cruz s position on immigration. Mr. Trump might just be more provocative in terms of how he says it, but the actual positions are not that different. For that matter, they re not that different from Mr. Rubio s positions on immigration, despite the fact that both Mr. Cruz and Mr. Rubio, their own families are the result of immigration and the openness of our society. In the end, President Obama dropped the hammer on Republicans who are trying to wash their hands of any responsibility for what is happening to their own party by blaming him instead of themselves. What I m not going to do is to validate some notion that the Republican crackup that s been taking place is a consequence of actions that I ve taken  There are thoughtful conservatives who are troubled by this I think it is very important for them to reflect on what it is about the politics they have engaged in that allows the circus that we ve been seeing to transpire. Here s the video via YouTube.President Obama made the remarks during a joint press conference with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Thursday.Featured image via video screen capture",0
7583, Trump Staff Defends Shoving Breitbart Reporter By Saying They Thought She Was Liberal,"While most Republicans spend their time taking verbal jabs at  mainstream  reporters (read: not Fox News pundits) who dare to ask them tough questions, Donald Trump s campaign has taken to physically assaulting them. And it s getting worse by the day.In a glimpse of what Trump s presidency may look like should he win, his entourage refused to take responsibility for violently shoving a female reporter at a campaign rally because they thought she was part of the liberal media. They did, however, express remorse after learning she was from conservative website Breitbart. Apparently, violence against reporters is okay, but only if they aren t well-known Trump cheerleaders.Reporters identified Trump s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski after he grabbed Breitbart journalist Michelle Fields  arm and tried to throw her to the ground. According to her boyfriend and colleague Jamie Weinstein from the Daily Caller, Trump s  thugs  retaliated after Fields tried to ask Trump a  tough question. Trump always surrounds himself w thugs. Tonight thug Corey Lewandowski tried to pull my gf @MichelleFields to ground when she asked tough q  Jamie Weinstein (@Jamie_Weinstein) March 9, 2016Instead of apologizing, or better yet, resigning, Lewandowski excused his actions by saying he simply used violence against the wrong person.Lewandowski s explanation to Boyle, said these sources, was that he and Fields had never met before and that he didn t recognize her as a Breitbart reporter, instead mistaking her for an adversarial member of the mainstream media.The admission confirms what many on-lookers have known for quite some time: It s open season on people who speak out against Trump or his campaign. Recently, Trump s secret service detail, nicknamed by appalled critics as  Trump s SS,  choke-slammed a TIME magazine photographer when he stepped outside of the  pen  Trump keeps journalists in at his rally. (Yes, he really does this.) Trump has also made comments about opening up libel laws to go destroy journalists who write things that are negative about him.Adding some bitter irony to all of this is the fact that Breitbart has been a shameless promoter of Trump since the word  go.  At times there homepage is devoted solely to singing Trump s praises. So the question became, how would they respond to this flagrant act of violence towards one of their journalists?  The answer was: Throw Fields under the bus.Rather than stand up for one of their employees, the staff at Breitbart have at various times called into question the veracity of her claims. Breitbart writers went full-false flag on their own reporter. Here s Fields  colleague explicitly calling her a liar on Twitter.Indeed, Breitbart s CEO hinted that Fields was not telling the truth about their beloved candidate as well, saying only that  if  someone did grab her, then they should apologize. So much for standing up for your employees, huh? (UPDATE: After wide-spread condemnation from journalists standing in solidarity with Fields, Breitbart reportedly suspended Patrick Howley.)Breitbart readers, naturally, weren t much more sympathetic. After Fields penned a (very careful) essay on what happened to her, this sexist screed became the number one comment.Breitbart has made a name for itself for its use of bullying and mudslinging as a business model. They frequently post stories targeting non-public figures and use their frenzied hate mob readers as a personal army to attack liberals or critics. Fields certainly doesn t deserve the violence she experienced from Trump s staff, nor the ugly backlash she s getting from her own readers, but it s not surprising. She works for a company that routinely attacks female journalists, anti-Trump conservatives, and liberals of all stripes. Her audience is primed for this sort of hate-filled dog piling. The fact that Breitbart can t even stand up for one of their own speaks volumes.Featured image via Gage Skidmore/Flickr",0
7584," ‘Family Values’ GOPer Sexually Harasses Intern, No Longer Can Have Interns","Social conservatives run campaigns and win elections on platforms of so-called  family values.  Often, though, it turns out that these supposedly pure people are anything but. Case in point   Cheektowaga, New York lawmaker Angela Wozniak.This particular gem has now been forbidden to have interns after conducting an extramarital affair with one. After the young man, Elias Farah, shut the affair down, Wozniak began sexually harassing him. She also make his job a living hell, and kept him from attending and participating in events. After all of this came to light, a panel committee consisting of both Republicans and Democrats was formed to address this grossly and obviously improper conduct. Ultimately, it was decided that Wozniak was guilty of incredibly poor judgment  in conducting this affair and her behavior after it was over. There was, however, no way to prove on a legal level that Wozniak created a  hostile work environment  or sexually harassed Farah.Despite the lack of legal evidence, though, the investigating committee is now going to look into Wozniak s office every six months going forward. Also, her attempts to go after her accuser have luckily backfired, as she ironically ran for office after a Democratic opponent, Dennis Gabryszak, resigned over his own sexual scandal. A potential November Democratic opponent, sums up Wozniak s hypocritical behavior perfectly: She ran on a platform of family values based on the conduct of her predecessor. I hope to restore voters  confidence in their government and be a leader they can be proud of. And that is the problem with these holier than thou  family values  types. They make literal careers of condemning other people s lives and modes of living, all the while doing in private just what they preach against in public.No one would care if these people didn t try to pretend to be above the rest of us. But, since they do   good riddance to yet another  family values  hypocrite. I m sure it s only a matter of time before Angela Wozniak is forced to resign.Featured image via video screen capture from Raw Story",0
7585, Texas Gun Nuts Want ‘A Clear Shot’ At President Obama During Event (IMAGES),"A bunch of rabid gun-toting conservatives would like the Secret Service to know that President Obama is a target.President Obama plans to speak at the South by Southwest technology and music convention on Friday, so some crazy open carry activists came up with the idea to try to intimidate and taunt him at the event by openly carrying their firearms, with one even urging his fellow gun nuts to make sure they  get a clear shot  and assassinate him if they get a chance.CJ Grisham pointed out that President Obama would be at the event this year and announced to his buddies that he would be carrying his rifle and handing out gun nut literature.  This may get interesting,  he remarked.Jovan Jackson then commented that CJ should carry a pistol instead because hippies  scare easy. Here s a screenshot of the post via FreakOutNation.And that s when Kriss Elliot chimed in in an apparent effort to get on the Secret Service s radar.An Azure Solutions Consultant at Insight Enterprises, Elliot actually encouraged his friends to find President Obama and murder him with their guns if they get the opportunity. If you get a clear shot, please fire for effect!  he wrote.Again, this piece of crap Texan literally said,  If you get a clear shot, please fire for effect!  which sounds like a direct threat against the life of the sitting President of the United States.Not everyone thought that sounded like a good idea, however. Harry Graybill warned that attempting to kill President Obama would mean prison for the open carry activists who carried out the assassination effort and would damage their pro-gun crusade. He failed to mention that they d literally be trying to end the life of a human being.Here s a screenshot of that post as well.It s not enough that Texas already has the blood of one US President on their hands, now they want a second one, too. These dangerous people are the precise reason why carrying firearms in public should be against the law and they should be put behind bars. Featured image via Pixabay",0
7586, Racists Lose Their Minds After Mexican-American Teen Sings National Anthem At Dem Debate (TWEETS)," Wednesday night was the final Democratic debate before the March 15 Primaries, and it was heated. However, the biggest controversy of the night didn t come from the candidates sparring with each other. It came when a Mexican-American teenager sang the National Anthem at the beginning of the debate. Apparently, white America believes only Caucasians are allowed to sing that song.Fifteen-year-old Sebastien de la Cruz took the stage before the debate and sang a beautiful rendition of our national song. He has an amazing voice for someone so young and of course, given the fact that it was a Univision debate, it made sense that a Latino/a give the performance. Racists, however, weren t interested in praising the child for his vocal abilities or using common sense; instead, they decided to spew hate all over Twitter, because they are a$$holes.Here are some of their responses: .CNN this is the dumbest thing I ve quite possibly ever saw. For a minute I forgot I was in #America until they sang the national anthem.  Millennial 2016 (@millennial2016) March 10, 2016the only thing worse than this democratic debate national anthem is that morons mariachi outfit  Richard Obama (@comebackteam12) March 10, 2016 Gawd   the guy who sung the national anthem looked like the Frito Bandito!!  Bill Maier (@BillStl) March 10, 2016The Dem Debate hosted by Mexico, the National Anthem sung by little @marcorubioHillary promises she won t lie Bernie offers free churros  Loki Anthony (@DANKBEANS) March 10, 2016@BerniePride its our #nationalanthem and should be treated with respect how would you like it if i sing #lacucaracha in my unclesam suite  truthsayer (@veterans4truth) March 10, 2016This isn t the first time this young man has been the target of racism. In 2013, the then 13-year-old sang the  Star-Spangled Banner  before Game 3 of the NBA finals and the scummiest Americans reacted in the same way. They called him all sorts of names, but his response was perfect:  My father was actually in the [U.S.] Navy for a really long time,  De La Cruz told San Antonio Fox 29 in an interview about the backlash.  People don t know; they just assume that I m just Mexican. But I m not from Mexico. I m from San Antonio, born and raised, a true San Antonio Spurs fan. Fortunately, the positive comments far outweighed the negative this time around. Sadly, though, he will probably always be the target of scumbags who hate him just because his skin is tanner than theirs. Murica.Watch his Democratic Debate opener:https://www.facebook.com/UnivisionPolitica/videos/1723550777860081/Featured image via video screenshot",0
7587, Bernie Sanders Has Something To Say About Donald Trump And America Needs To Hear It (VIDEO),"Bernie Sanders is not known to mince words and isn t shy about speaking his mind. During the Democratic presidential debates, he couldn t have been any clearer when he summarized Republican front-runner Donald Trump. He said: I think the American people are never going to elect a president who insults Mexicans, who insults Muslims, who insults women, who insults African Americans, and let s not forget that several years ago, Trump was in the middle of the so-called Birther movement trying to delegitimize the president of the United States of America. Sanders makes it crystal clear why a Trump presidency has the potential to legitimize racism in the eyes of racists in America. Since his statements against Muslims, scores of attacks on the Muslim community have occurred throughout the United States. In addition, Trump s support of violence at his rallies with those who disagree with him have sent a message to his supporters that it s alright to use violence against those who refuse to accept the racism they support.Bernie Sanders eloquently rejected this racist ideology. He said: You know, I find it very interesting. My dad was born in Poland and I know a little bit about the immigrant experience. Nobody has ever asked me for my birth certificate. Maybe it has something to do with the color of my skin.We need someone like Bernie Sanders to unite all Americans, regardless of religion or color.Watch a video comparing these two VASTLY different canddiates below:Featured image via video screen capture ",0
7588, Trevor Noah Notices This Odd Similarity Between U.S. Water And Trump (VIDEO),"The United States has some major problems with our water supply. During a segment on The Daily Show, host Trevor Noah voiced his concerns over the issue using political satire.Noah hilariously connected the issue to both the #OscarsSoWhite controversy and the primary election. With the poisoning of the entire city of Flint, Michigan being the spark for the new national conversation on water safety and infrastructure, politicians have been quick to jump on the issue.Democrats have hit Michigan s Republican governor Rick Snyder hard over the crisis. Republicans, have been scrambling to try and distance themselves from Snyder and working to crystallize a narrative that absolves Snyder and the GOP s agenda from culpability in the matter. If you re going to have a massive lead poisoning problem, it turns out you might as well do it just before politicians turn out to earn your vote in an important presidential primary,  Noah said.  That s when you have leverage. Noah goes on to explain how that while he is happy that Flint is getting help with their water supply, this is a problem all over the US that needs to be addressed. Playing on the #OscarsSoWhite hashtag, Noah invents one meant to address this huge issue. Right now America has more color in its water than its Oscars,  he said.  #WaterSoBrown. Noah also quipped that the water in the US is so gross  that it looks like that sh*t looks like Trump s bath water. All across the US cities are reporting that they are finding lead contamination and other horrors in their water. While at the same time, many cities in California face the possibility of running out of water altogether.We need massive investment in communities to solve this problem. Doing so would also create vast numbers of good paying jobs that are desperately needed in so many impoverished areas, who have been devastated by the deindustrialization of the US economy.You can watch the clip below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
7589," WATCH: GOP Governor Gets Mic Shut Off, Kicked Off of Interview By Morning Joe Co-Host"," Republican governor Rick Scott of Florida had a big smirk on his face and was talking with confidence during an interview with Morning Joe co-host Joe Scarborough. The fun Scott seemed to be having abruptly ended when Scarborough asked him one simple question: Would you tell your friend Donald Trump that he should walk back his statements that Muslims, that Islam, hates America? Do you think Muslims in the state of Florida hate America? Scarborough was referencing Trump s recent statement that Muslims hate America. Not only did Rick Scott refuse to refute Trump s statement, but he dodged the question multiple times, talking about how great his state is in terms of being a melting pot and other stupid statements. Scarborough pressed Scott again: I want you to answer the question! Do you personally think that Islam is a religion that hates America? Scott again refused to answer the question with more red herrings and continued to talk more about his state.   No, no. That s not answering any questions,  jumped in co-host  Mika Brzezinski. She then cut him down, had his mic shut off and when Rick Scott attempted to speak again, it became clear his mic had been shut off. Back from commercial, Brzezinski stated to the viewers,  That s just not what we do on our show. It was an amazing display of a journalist taking control of an interview. More importantly, Brzezinski sent a message that refusing to condemn hate speech is no different than actually spewing it when she kicked this idiot off the show.Watch Here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZI-gLvJePlQ] Featured image via video screenshot.",0
7590, Trump Fan Violently Attacks Black Protester — Guess Who Security Tackled? (VIDEO),"Donald Trump seems to love it when his rabid, racist followers attack black people at his rallies. For instance, last year when Trump s supporters attacked a black man, calling him a  n*gger  as they punched and kicked him, the 2016 hopeful spoke out in support of the assault, declaring that  maybe he should have been roughed up. The Donald, who has been known to tweet white supremacist propaganda and order police to remove African-Americans from his rallies even if they did nothing more than stand still, strives to maintain an authoritarian atmosphere at his rallies, even promising to pay for the legal defense of anyone who attacks protesters   black or otherwise   at his events.At a rally in North Carolina on Wednesday, one Trump fan took his Fuhrer s words to heart, attacking an African-American man who was in the process of leaving the event. The unnamed black man was just one of several protesters who nonviolently protested the racist GOP frontrunner s speech. As the men leave, Trump supporters can be seen doing their thing   namely, acting like f*cking @ssholes. One of the African-American men can be seen flipping  the bird  to the white-faced Trump supporters. One TrumpFan walks to the end of a row, waits for an opening, and sucker punches one of the protesters.The attack happens in full view of members of the security staff, who are escorting the men out. The logical thing would be to detain the attacker until police arrive. After all, this is clearly an unprovoked assault. But, as this is a Trump rally, security instead throws the victim of the attack to the ground, completely ignoring the white man who assaulted him.Unfortunately, this is where we re at: we have a mainstream GOP candidate who encourages acts of violence   specifically against African-Americans   and security officers who are willing to completely ignore any acts of violence committed by the faithful, no matter how clear-cut they are.Watch this preview of a Donald Trump America below, and remember to VOTE BLUE in November:Featured image via screengrab",0
7591, Ammon Bundy’s Lunatic Militia Men Facing More Charges From The Feds,"The saga surrounding the idiots who decided to invade and occupy a federal building on a wildlife preserve in Oregon continues. Though the occupation itself is over, the legal troubles for this group of right-wing loons are just beginning. It has been reported that Bundy and his band of nutbags have been indicted on yet more federal charges.These latest indictments state that they will be facing charges because they had weapons in federal facilities, as well as with vandalism and theft of property belonging to the government. The original federal charges drop the hammer on the group   26 people charged in all   for conspiracy to disrupt the duties of federal agents. Also, their infamous stealing of a government truck for a grocery store trip is included in these latest indictments. There are also charges of using weapons during violent criminal activity.Another blow came to the group when the death of LaVoy Finicum was ruled  justified and necessary. Further, another occupier, Sean Anderson and an unnamed accomplice are charged with destruction of sacred artifacts belonging to a local Native American tribe.The fact that any of this happened at all is nothing short of absolutely disgraceful. This nonsense about being able to take over federal land whenever they please is treason. Hopefully, the charges being handed down are serious enough for all of these lunatics to do some very hard time in a federal lock-up.They went into this thinking that they could cause another Waco-type situation, but luckily there was only one death, despite all of those weapons and lunatic gun nuts hellbent on dying for this ridiculously misguided  cause.  There is no cause here. That land belongs to the federal government, and these people are just lawless fools who are a danger to themselves and the rest of society.Lock them up and throw away the key.Featured image via screen capture from WMUR/Addicting Info archives",0
7592, This Third Grader OBLITERATED Donald Trump In A Letter Every Conservative Needs To Read (IMAGES),"When a bunch of kids were recently asked what they thought about Republican front-runner Donald Trump, they proved to America just how braindead Trump s conservative supporters were with their answers. Now, 8-year-old Jackson Wheeles from Jamestown, North Carolina is giving us another great example of the sort of intelligence we wish every voting American possessed.Jackson has not only been watching the 2016 presidential election with a close eye, but he has a message for the GOP s most popular candidate   and it s going to sting. Jackson was inspired to write his feelings in a letter addressed to Trump after his teacher at Millis Road Elementary showed her class the news. Jackson s message to the business mogul is a stark reminder that even those who are too young to vote in this election are watching   and judging. Jackson wrote: I have read several articles about you and have seen you on the television. I think you have been very rude to many people. I know that you are talking to adults when you give your speeches, because they are the ones that can vote. It is important for you to remember that children are watching and hearing you, too. Someday, we will also be able to vote. Photo Credit: Kelley WheelessJackson also gave Trump a priceless lesson on manners and the  Golden Rule    do unto others as you would have them do unto you. Honestly, this is a lesson in human decency that someone as old as Trump should have learned by now. I learned about The Golden Rule when I was VERY young. How would you feel if people said some of these terrible things about you that I have heard you say about them? Do you ever feel sorry about the things that you say that are hurtful to others? I have never heard you apologize. Jackson demonstrated just how closely he s been watching Trump when he called out Trump for mocking a handicapped reporter in November. What would happen if young people decided that it was OK to make fun of handicapped people after watching you do that on national TV? Bullying is already a HUGE problem, and it is NOT OK! I feel like you could make that problem much worse. Trump also got slammed by the third grader for stating that he could shoot someone on Fifth Avenue in New York City and still rise in the polls. Jackson spoke for both children and (level-headed) adults when he told Trump that he flat-out terrifies people. You make kids afraid when they hear that someone who could be our next President would even think of doing something like that! Jackson left Trump with this epic piece of wisdom: start thinking of America s youth and how his words and behavior will impact them. We may not be able to vote yet, but we are the future. I think it is important for us to have a kind, honest, caring person as our leader that we can look up to and respect. I am in the student government this year at my school. I try to be a student that everyone can look up to. I will grow up to be a husband, a father, hopefully a police officer, and a good friend. I will choose to be a better person than what you have been teaching me to be. You can read Jackson s full letter to Trump below:Photo Credit: Kelley WheelessJackson is one amazing 8-year-old and is a wonderful example of the kind of Americans we want voting in our elections. Every conservative that supports Trump should be forced to read his letter   maybe it ll make them actually think for once.Featured image compilation via Kelley Wheeless via WCNC-TV",0
7593, Elizabeth Warren Issues SCATHING Rebuke Of Republican Incompetence On SCOTUS (VIDEO),"After the passing of conservative Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, Republicans have been refusing to even welcome any possibility of a replacement. They don t seem to care that President Obama is bound by the Constitution to nominate someone. And considering Obama istill is, and will be the president for almost another whole year, Republicans are also bound by the Constitution to consider the nominee.Throwing this very obvious fact back in their Republican faces is none other than Senator Elizabeth Warren from the great state of Massachusetts. She said it is  shocking  that they are unwilling to entertain the idea of a new Justice clearly caving to those on the extreme right. However, also noting that this refusal to do their job  is not new. Warren stated in a scathing rebuke of their incompetence: The message from Senate Republicans is crystal clear: Forget the Constitution. Their response to one of the most solemn and consequential tasks that our government performs, the confirmation of a Supreme Court justice, will be to pretend that that nominee and President Obama himself simply do not exist. Cannot see them. Cannot hear them. Then pointing out how it has been the goal of Republicans to block pretty much everything President Obama has want to accomplish since his first day in office, Warren says: Since the first day of the Obama presidency, Republican senators have bowed to extremists who reject his legitimacy and abuse the rules of the Senate in an all-out effort to cripple his administration and to paralyze the federal courts. Warren slams them for going against the oath they swore to uphold the Constitution of the United States. She goes on to say: Republican extremists aren t voting against individuals based on a good-faith judgment about a specific person. No, they are blocking votes wholesale in order to keep those jobs vacant and undermine the government itself. Driving the point home, she says:No matter how much it damages the nation, no matter how much it undermines the courts, no matter whether it cripples the government or lays waste to our Constitution, Senate Republicans do pretty much everything they can to avoid acknowledging the legitimacy of our democratically elected president For too long, the Republicans in the Senate have wanted to have it both ways: They want to feed the ugly lies and nullify the Obama presidency while also claiming that they can govern responsibly Candidates motivated by bigotry and resentment, candidates unable to govern, candidates reflecting the same extremism that has been nursed along for seven years right here in the United States Senate, are on the verge of winning the Republican party s nomination for president If it is true that some Republican senators are finally ready to stand up to the extremism that denies the legitimacy of this president and of the Constitution, I say to you, do your job Vote for a Supreme Court nominee. Warren also made sure all those unconstitutional Republicans sitting in front of her new that President Obama was elected in 2008 and 2012 by an overwhelming democratically elected majority, and by nominating someone for the Supreme Court, he is fulfilling the will of the people.However, here s the nail in the coffin: If you want to stop extremism in your party, you can start by showing the American people that you respect the president of the United States and the Constitution enough to do your job. Bravo, Senator Warren. Bravo!!! Featured image via video screen capture",0
7594, Sanders Campaign Fights Back After Ohio Bans Youth From Primaries," Twenty-two states, including the District of Columbia, allow 17-year-olds to vote in primary elections as long as they turn 18 by the time the general election is held in November. The rule allows many youth to begin participating in the democratic process of voting for the very first time, but Ohio s Republican Secretary of State Jon Husted reversed the rule in Ohio, revoking the rights for 17-year-olds to vote in Ohio s primaries on March 15th. For both Republicans and Democrats, Ohio will be a key state and every vote will matter. For the Bernie Sanders campaign, the reversal is a blow, as the campaign s strongest demographic is young voters, where they have received over 80 percent support in many states from voters ages 18-29. It is an outrage that the secretary of state in Ohio is going out of his way to keep young people   significantly African-American young people, Latino young people   from participating,  said Senator Sanders in a released on March 8th. Sanders  campaign cited US Census data which shows 17-year-old voters are more likely to be African-Americans and Latinos.Ohio s Secretary of State, Jon Husted, argued over the language of Ohio s rule in December, claiming 17-year-olds can still vote, just not to elect a candidate. This isn t the first time Ohio Republicans have tried to deter voter turnout. In 2015, Republican Ohio State Representatives sponsored a bill to demand a poll tax in order to vote, despite poll taxes being unconstitutional. The tax was tucked into a Voter ID bill, which was pushed for under the false assumption Voter ID laws prevent fraud, although voter fraud is virtually non-existent in Ohio. If a voter does not have a photo ID, they will have to pay $8.50 for a voter ID card.  In 2015, Hillary Clinton s campaign sued Ohio to repeal several Republican voter suppression tactics which helped George W. Bush win Ohio in 2004.Featured image via Addicting Info",0
7595, Koch Bros Exploit Veterans In Campaign For Nevada Senate Seat (VIDEO),"The Koch Brothers have become synonymous with the corruption caused by the Citizens Union decision in the United States Supreme Court, which opened the floodgates for billionaires like them to pour as much money as they like into political campaigns.Recently the Koch Brothers have launched their first funded political campaign that has been disclosed to the public. Through the organization, Concerned Veterans for America, which is funded through by the Koch Brothers, a $700,000 advertisement broadcast throughout Nevada began to air in support of Republican Congressman Joe Heck for Democratic Senator Harry Reid s seat in Congress. Reid announced last year he will be retiring after 2016, and former Nevada State Attorney General Catherine Cortez Masto is the Democratic candidate to replace him.The advertisement below is a pretentious pandering to Congressmen Heck s service to veterans. Earlier this year, the son of a deceased veteran criticized Congressman Heck s inaction after his family filed a lawsuit against a Nevada Veterans Home for the death being attributed to Legionella the veteran contracted at the home. Sadly, Dr. Heck abandoned my father and other veterans when we really needed him,  Paul Demos told the Las Vegas Review Journal.  Yes, my Dad, Charles Demos Sr. is gone and we know you want us to forget all about this and go away. Well, there are 180 brave souls still living there on average and thousands more in this great country who served and protected all of us against harm. Do our soldiers, veterans, and families deserve this dishonor and mistreatment from our State VA Home? Koch Industries has been one of Congressman Joe Heck s top supporters financially, as Heck has continuously fought against interests contradictory to the oil industry. In 2015, Heck voted nearly 90 percent of the time in line with Koch Industries held positions.The Koch Brothers have already pledged to spend nearly a billions dollars on 2016 elections after spending $400 million in 2015. After their preferred presidential candidate, Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker, flopped in the Republican primaries, the Koch Brothers have been linked to Senator Marco Rubio s campaign, and have funded attack ads against both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. Featured image via Addicting Info",0
7596," Undeterred By Threats Of GOP Obstruction, Obama Interviews Supreme Court Candidates","President Obama is clearly not letting GOP threats of obstruction interfere with his duty to nominate a new Supreme Court Justice.The president began interviewing Supreme Court candidates on Tuesday, paying little attention to republican foot-stomping and temper tantrums.Following the unexpected death of Antonin Scalia in February, President Obama made it abundantly clear that he intends to fulfill his duty under the U.S. Constitution by appointing a justice to fill the vacant seat.Although republicans have promised to block any potential nominee the president puts forward, President Obama is moving ahead and doing the job he was elected to do.According to NPR, the president has already interviewed several candidates, one of whom is likely to be chosen to fill the vacant seat on the Supreme Court.NPR reports that the top three candidates include Judges Merrick Garland and Sri Srinivasan, both of the U.S. Court of Appeals in the District of Columbia, and Judge Paul Watford, of the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco.Judge Garland was first appointed to the DC court by Bill Clinton. President Obama considered him as a replacement for former Supreme Court Justice Stevens upon his retirement, but ultimately named Justice Elena Kagan to fill Stevens  seat.Garland was part of the three-judge panel which ruled against the U.S. government s right to hold 17 Uighurs, a Muslim minority group from China, at Guant namo. The ruling dealt a huge blow to the Bush administration s secretive  tribunals. Liberal backlash over Judge Srinivasan s appointment to the DC court in 2010 was centered on his role in the the defense of Enron executive Jeffrey Skilling.Since that time, however, Srinivasan has played a major role in overturning the Defense of Marriage Act. He has also written the majority opinion in important cases like Sierra Club v. Jewell, which upheld the standing of environmental groups fighting to protect a historical site in West Virginia, Pom Wonderful v. FTC, which upheld the right of the FTC to require health-related advertising to be truthful, and Home Care Association of America v. Weil, which extended labor protections to home health workers.Judge Watford was appointed to the 9th Circuit Court by President Obama in 2011.He authored the majority opinion in Patel & Patel v. City of Los Angeles, which struck down a local ordinance requiring hotel owners to turn guest registry information over to the police without a warrant.Other potential candidates that the president is considering include Judge Jane Kelly of the 8th Circuit Court of Appeals based in St. Louis; and U.S. District Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson, who serves in Washington, D.C.Although republicans have threatened to block any nominee that the president proposes, republican obstructionism has been ongoing since the day he took office. Yet somehow, President Obama has managed to accomplish more than any president in modern history.President Obama says he is going to do his job and appoint the next Supreme Court justice.If there s anything republicans should have learned by now, it s that the president does exactly what he says he is going to do.Featured image via wikimedia commons ",0
7597, Oklahoma GOP Approved A Law That Would INCREASE Unlicensed Abortions In The State,"Oklahoma State Republicans have completely gone off the deep end with this one. The party, with the help of a few sellout Democrats, passed a state law by a vote of 40-7, that would illegally seize the licenses of doctors who perform abortions.The measure does include a clause that protects doctors in the case of  life of the mother  or to preserve her health. However, there was no mention of an equivalent exception for rape or incest.The stupidity of this law can only be described as  astounding  due to its obvious unconstitutionality. It will be reversed in court once costly taxpayer-funded litigation starts, after what will likely be equally expensive appeals.One Republican, Brian Crain, was the only member of his party that voted against the law. It isn t clear if he is against the law or voted against it because it was amended heavily without allowing time for a review. However, the fact he is pro-life pro-forced birth seems to indicate he would have voted for it. One other Republican senator, Ervin Yen, was against the bill but claims he  accidentally  voted for it. That s a new way to explain bad votes for sure.The Oklahoma State Medical association is against the law for obvious reasons   one being that it is blatant and unconstitutional intimidation of doctors. It also places an undue burden on women seeking to exercise a constitutional right.The precedent that a law like this could set is downright terrifying. If you can sabotage a person s career for doing a legally protected thing, you can do it for other legally protected things.  You taught your students evolution? You lose your teaching license.  The list of these kinds of things would grow long in a short amount of time.No word has come from Oklahoma Republicans about how this law will ensure job creation, lower taxes or a reduction in the cost to state welfare programs.Featured image via stubbornfacts1776",0
7598, Watch Obama Call Donald Trump Out On His Bullsh*t Shenanigans Back In 2005 (VIDEO),"When watching Donald Trump speak, you d think he was running for prom king the way he assumes this election is all about himself and not the country. Just count how many times he uses the words  me,   I,   my  or  myself  within a speech. He s not running to lead the nation, he s running to have the nation line up behind him. He has it exactly opposite of the true intent set forth by our Founding Fathers. The President of the United States serves the nation, it s not the other way around.Knowing this full well, Barack Obama, before he was elected as the 44th President of the United States, delivered a commencement speech to Knox College in Illinois back in 2005. He spoke of who we are as a nation, and what should be expected of us, our nation and our government.One part of his speech touched upon the very important message that we are all in this together. We re not a nation of  me,  or  myself  like Trump would like you to believe, but rather a nation of  we  and  us.  After all, the nation s motto is E PLURIBUS UNUM, which means, out of many, we are one.Here is that very poignant moment from then Senator Obama: In Washington, they call this the Ownership Society. But in our past there has been another term for it   Social Darwinism, every man and woman for him or herself. It s a tempting idea, because it doesn t require much thought or ingenuity. It allows us to say to those whose health care or tuition may rise faster than they can afford   tough luck. It allows us to say to the Maytag workers who have lost their job   life isn t fair. It let s us say to the child born into poverty   pull yourself up by your bootstraps. And it is especially tempting because each of us believes that we will always be the winner in life s lottery, that we will be Donald Trump, or at least that we won t be the chump that he tells:  Your fired! But there a problem. It won t work. It ignores our history. It ignores the fact that it has been government research and investment that made the railways and the internet possible. It has been the creation of a massive middle class, through decent wages and benefits and public schools   that has allowed all of us to prosper. Our economic dominance has depended on individual initiative and belief in the free market; but it has also depended on our sense of mutual regard for each other, the idea that everybody has a stake in the country, that we re all in it together and everybody s got a shot at opportunity   that has produced our unrivaled political stability. Bravo! That man should be president. Oh wait, three years later he was.We need to remember that we re all in this together, and we really don t need someone who thinks he s running for prom king as our next president. Part of being an American is embracing the fact that we are all individuals striving for excellence, but recognizing that our excellence is only possibly because we have a society set up for all of us, not just the few. Or rather, that s the way it should be, and what we need to get back to. Electing Trump would further destroy the fabric our the nation that Republicans have been trying to tear apart slowly but surely since 1980. So, come November, no matter who get s the Democratic nomination, vote blue.Watch Obama s speech here, with those remarks beginning at the 13:19 minute mark:Featured image via video screen capture",0
7599, Reporter Reveals Just How Frightening A Trump Rally Is,"Donald Trump is probably one of the most hateful presidential candidates this country has ever seen. But what makes him so unique is that he is not just a vile piece of trash, he is a vile piece of trash who millions of people are in love with. These Trump fanboys and fangirls make his rallies very dangerous for people whom they have deemed unloyal   especially minorities.Jacki Schechner recently described what a former colleague told her about their scary experience at a Louisiana Trump rally, in a Facebook post:Friends, this is important. A former colleague and friend of mine was on assignment at Trump s rally in Louisiana today. She posted the following account of what happened. I know and trust her implicitly. If she says it was frightening, I believe her. That s the first time in my career I ve felt like press badges weren t given to grant access, but as an identifying, isolating mark. What you ve seen on TV is nothing compared to the real thing. Some 30 people were thrown out, with the mob pointing them out and cheering, the candidate yelling,  Get them outta here!  And,  Louisiana, I m disappointed in this behavior. Why is it taking so long to remove these people? The question of  who s going to pay for the wall?  was met with a LOUD, gleeful response of,  MEXICO! And then calling out the press (in their designated pen), saying  they re the most dishonest people in the world.  A chorus of boos followed.I had no idea how upsetting this assignment would be. And I am less concerned about the one man than I am the masses who support him. This rally that she spoke of was in New Orleans and tons of people were thrown out. Other news outlets described Trump as becoming  increasingly irate when he was interrupted and NBC News reporter, Ali Vitali, called it the  most intense  rally she d been to.Tonight was the most intense rally I ve witnessed so far on the trail. This is just a clip: pic.twitter.com/SKE5TOQqz9  Ali Vitali (@alivitali) March 5, 2016His rallies are not just frightening because of his supporters  propensity for violence, they are scary because we are given a glimpse into an embarrassing portion of our citizenry. Trump s crowds are huge and most of the people at the rallies wholeheardely support his viewpoints. I have been to one of them and his fans are some of the most ignorant, hateful, nasty Americans I ve ever run across. They hurl insults when you are doing nothing but standing there. It is like watching an army of zombies whose one goal is to destory everything this country was founded on.What s worse is that these people will continue to support him even in the face of mounting evidence that he is a pathological lying, narcassitic asshat and that is terrifying.Featured image via Flickr",0
7600, GOP Senator Threatens To Ruin Career Of Anyone Who Accepts Obama SCOTUS Nomination,"Senate Republicans sink to a new disgraceful low in their childish effort prevent President Obama from filling the vacant Supreme Court seat.When asked about potential Supreme Court nominees, John Cornyn, the second highest ranking Republican in the Senate literally issued a threat to anyone who might accept the nomination from President Obama that their career and reputation will be intentionally ruined by Senate Republicans. I think they will bear some resemblance to a pi ata,  Cornyn said according to CNN. What I don t understand is how someone who actually wants to be confirmed to the Supreme Court would actually allow themselves to be used by the administration in a political fight that s going to last from now until the end of the year. Because there is no guarantee, certainly, after that time they re going to look as good as they did going in. Yes, Senate Republicans are so desperate to get their way that they are willing to destroy the life of anyone President Obama nominates to fill the empty Supreme Court seat even if that person has impeccable credentials and is absolutely qualified to do the job.This angered Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid so much that he entered the CNN article into the Congressional Record, where it will remain as an example of just how petulant Republicans have become, and then he took to the Senate floor to blast Cornyn and the GOP. Think about that. They don t know who the nominee is, they don t know anything about the person, but they already have in their mind they are going to beat this person like a pi ata. It doesn t matter who it is. Man, woman, old, young, it doesn t matter. Doesn t matter what their education is, what their experience is, they re going to beat them like a pi ata. I think they ve been listening to Donald Trump too much. The Republicans need to stop and listen to this disgusting rhetoric they re spewing This is vile behavior that is beneath the dignity of this institution.  Here s the video of Reid remarks via YouTube:And the American people overwhelmingly agree with Democrats on this issue.Three major polls, including a Fox News poll, reveal that most Americans WANT President Obama to nominate a replacement for Scalia and they WANT Senate Republicans to do their jobs and hold fair confirmation hearings even more. A Rasmussen poll says the same thing, and so does a CNN/ORC poll released this month.But rather than backtrack his remarks and apologize for his utter lack of professionalism, Cornyn doubled down on his threat and this time used the Senate floor to repeat his offensive promise to destroy the reputation and career of anyone who accepts the nomination, suggesting that President Obama would be at fault if Senate Republicans did such a thing. I would be surprised if any person who actually aspired to be on the United States Supreme Court, a current judge or a legal scholar or lawyer, would allow themselves to be used by this administration in making a nomination to the Supreme Court for a seat that will not be filled during the remainder of President Obama s term. Knowing that they won t be confirmed. This is totally outrageous and Senate Republicans should be ashamed of themselves. They have thumbed their nose at the American people and are an embarrassment to the nation and Constitution they claim to serve.Featured Image: Wikimedia",0
7601," Yes, You’re Gonna Want To See Mitt Romney Read ‘Mean Tweets’ From Donald Trump (VIDEO)","It s pretty much common knowledge that all Mitt Romney s speech against Donald Trump did was serve to help the Republican frontrunner with his band of merry morons voting for him. They, like Trump, see any and all criticism of The Donald as a means to rise up. If Trump is racist, they love him more. If he s misogynistic, he rises in the polls. If he criticizes disabled people, they d give him a medal.So, when you add up all the mean tweets being written by Trump supporters and Trump himself, you can only imagine how many poured in after Romney made his attempt at tearing Trump down. Appearing on Jimmy Kimmel Live, Romney read a few of those tweets, and added a few jabs back that were actually pretty funny.Here are just a couple to give you the general idea of what comes out of the Trump campaign and his minions:Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president, got ZERO, and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 8, 2016@MittRomney = loser, who are you any way, and by the way where do u buy the shoe polish u wear in ur hair lol #Trump2016  Annette (@arpace4) March 2, 2016I actually met Mitt Romney in a bank a couple months back. I'm now working on a time machine to go back & punch him in the throat!#TRUMP  VOTE4TRUMP_2016 (@VOTE4TRUMP_2016) March 4, 2016And while it s clear Donald Trump s skin and his ego are very fragile, kudos to Romney for proving he knows how to take criticism with a grain of salt. That s what one actually has to do when in the public eye. However, Trump turns in to a whining schoolboy destined for revenge and ends up being the class bully.Watch the hilarious segment here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
7602," Trump’s Using This Shady, Sneaky Tactic To Throw Protesters Out Of His Rallies (VIDEO)","Donald Trump s campaign has hit a new low   as if it could get any worse. According to a Politico report released on Tuesday, the current Republican front-runner has found a new way to ensure that protesters are mistreated during his rallies   by using security officers in street clothes so they never see it coming.This new rally tactic was put into action during a Friday rally in New Orleans, where several plainclothes security officers were seen working. Eddie Deck, one of these officers, said that he was told to do intelligence work researching possible protesters as well as assist any security officers in uniform. According to the report, Black Lives Matter protesters were escorted out of the same rally by these security officers disguised in civilian s clothing.Hope Hicks, Trump s campaign spokeswoman, has not responded to Politico s request for comment.This new initiative by the campaign makes Trump s already violent rallies even more dangerous   especially for minority groups, which have been routinely targeted. Black Lives Matter and pro-immigrant groups show up at Trump s events often to oppose his offensive anti-minority stances, and are usually forcibly removed even in instances when they re being completely peaceful. In many instances, an attack on a protester has been racially motivated. There have also been times that Trump has actually encouraged violence or egged on his protesters, telling them that he will pay any legal fees or consequences that come of their attacks.// < ![CDATA[ <span class=""mceItemHidden"" data-mce-bogus=""1""><span></span>(function(d, s, id) {  var js, <span class=""mceItemHidden"" data-mce-bogus=""1""><span class=""hiddenSpellError"" pre="""" data-mce-bogus=""1"">fjs</span></span> = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&amp;version=v2.3"";  <span class=""hiddenSpellError"" pre="""" data-mce-bogus=""1"">fjs</span>.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', '<span class=""hiddenSpellError"" pre="""" data-mce-bogus=""1"">facebook-jssdk</span>')); // ]]&gt;I m watching this shit right now on the news 2016 in Louisville KY and I m furious !!!!look at the way they treated this beautiful African American female these racist ### ######## turned the tables and you know what would happen this is what these people think about usPosted by Paul Bibbs on Tuesday, March 1, 2016But it s not just minorities that are in danger   it s basically anyone that Trump feels threatened by, and you don t have to be a protester to make Trump feel insecure. It turns out, the press makes the front runner really nervous, too. Just last week, TIME magazine photojournalist Christopher Morris was brutally choke-slammed to the ground by one of Trump s secret service agents at a Virginia rally.New video shows Secret Service agent brutally choke slamming a photographer at Trump rally https://t.co/OkvQdWfH8r pic.twitter.com/G6dArHxoKE  Mashable (@mashable) February 29, 2016And last night, Breitbart reporter Michelle Fields was grabbed by the arm and thrown to the ground by Trump s own campaign manager during a press event.In most cases of horrific violence, the protesters and the press are either simply doing their jobs or being completely peaceful   but they are still attacked, manhandled and thrown out. Everyone that works with or around Trump is extremely dangerous and cannot be trusted   and he keeps proving that again and again. No one is safe at one of Trump s events, and now his concealed security officers will only make sure that people aren t able to see the danger before it s too late.Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
7603," West Virginia Republicans Legalize Raw Milk, Get Sick After Drinking It In Celebration (VIDEO)","Long may their heaves remind them of just how idiotic they are.A group of West Virginia Republicans reaped what they sowed this week after one of their own brought in some raw milk to drink in celebration of a bill they passed into law weeks ago making raw milk legal to drink across the state.According to the Food And Drug Administration:Milk and milk products provide a wealth of nutrition benefits. But raw milk can harbor dangerous microorganisms that can pose serious health risks to you and your family. According to an analysis by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), between 1993 and 2006 more than 1500 people in the United States became sick from drinking raw milk or eating cheese made from raw milk. In addition, CDC reported that unpasteurized milk is 150 times more likely to cause foodborne illness and results in 13 times more hospitalizations than illnesses involving pasteurized dairy products.Despite this warning, state GOP Rep. Pat McGeehan and others drank the raw milk anyway and became sick afterwards, thus making famed scientist Louis Pasteur roll over in his grave.Pasteur is the French chemist and microbiologist who discovered pasteurization to kill harmful bacteria and microorganisms that cause foodborne sicknesses. There s definitely some other colleagues that have similar symptoms that I ve been experiencing,  McGeehan reported.However, like most times Republicans are wrong, McGeehan and his colleagues are in denial that the milk is the cause of their illness, even though they only began reporting feeling sick AFTER drinking the raw milk that the FDA advises people NOT to drink because it makes people sick.The ill lawmakers say that their Republican colleague Scott Cadle brought in the raw milk and McGeehan happened to be in the hallway when Cadle approached him to share a drink. [Cadle] caught me in the hallway, offered a cup to me, and you want to try to be a gentleman,  McGeehan said.  I had a small sip and walked away and tossed the rest of it. Gee, if raw milk isn t dangerous why toss it after a  small sip,  Mr. McGeehan?McGeehan claims that a stomach bug is the real cause of the lawmakers praying to the porcelain God and even made another dubious claim. I don t think it s any riskier than eating raw oysters or anything like that,  McGeehan said of the raw milk.Cue yet another warning from the FDA:You can get seriously ill and even die from eating raw oysters contaminated with Vibrio vulnificus   a bacterium commonly found in waters where oysters are cultivated such as the Gulf of Mexico. Vibrio vulnificus is found in higher concentrations during the summer months as water becomes warmer.Vibrio vulnificus bacteria is not a result of pollution, so although oysters should always be obtained from reputable sources, eating oysters from  clean  waters or in reputable restaurants with high turnover does not provide protection.Seriously, who elected these dumbasses to political office?Here s the video via WSAZ.The West Virginia Department of Health and Human Resources is currently investigating.Featured image via screen capture",0
7604," Cop Awarded $230,000 After Kicking An Unarmed Black Man In The Head (VIDEO)","The Delaware cop who went viral for his 2013 attack on an unarmed young black man is being rewarded   with a $230,000 settlement.The August 2013 attack went viral after dash cam footage was released to the public. Dover police corporal Thomas Webster IV and another officer ask Lateef Dickerson to lay on the ground. Ad Dickerson attempts to comply, Webster is seen delivering a brutal kick to Dickerson s head. The attack left the victim with a broken jaw.Webster was indicted by a Grand Jury, but nevertheless cleared of Felony Assault two years later. He was allowed to resign voluntarily, meaning he is able to simply join another police department elsewhere if he chooses.To add insult to injury, Webster is also now being awarded a near quarter of a million dollar settlement by the city. While Webster leaves the force on June 30, and remains on administrative leave until that day, USA Today reports:A settlement agreement commits the city to paying Webster $230,000 over six years. Through 2022, he will get annual payments of roughly half his current $68,398 salary.The settlement document also says an internal affairs investigation concerning Webster that formally began on Jan. 19 will be closed down. At the same time, Webster is forbidden from seeking any other job with Dover city government.Local African American leaders were pleased to see Webster go, but remain concerned that the corporal remains free to sign up to another police force and victimize yet another community elsewhere. This mixed feeling was best expressed by the pastor of a local church, Rev. Rita Page, who said: I think it s sending a message to the police that the community is not settling for anything. We re not settling for injustices. We re going to keep the pressure on until justice is served. I do have a concern because of the fact that he s voluntarily resigning, whether or not he ll be able to serve in other municipalities. I m hoping he will not. I was really hoping he would be terminated, Webster never made an apology or accepted responsibility for his attack on Lateef Dickerson. Now, he is getting another few months of paid leave to look for another job, and a $230,000 golden handshake as he leaves. There s only one signal that send out to crooked cops. Crime pays. Featured image via Dover Police",0
7605, Donald Trump Throws Hissy Fit On Air After Being Asked About His Racism On NPR (VIDEO),"Donald Trump claims to have a huge penis, but he apparently doesn t have the balls to handle tough questions about his racism.When NPR s Cokie Roberts interviewed Trump on Wednesday morning, she challenged his racism and how it is affecting children. Mr. Trump, there have been incidents of children, of white children, pointing to their darker-skinned classmates and saying,  you ll be deported when Donald Trump is president.  There have been incidents of white kids at basketball games holding up signs to teams that have Hispanics on them saying,  we re going to build a wall to keep you out.  Are you proud of that? Is that something that you ve done into the American and social discourse that you re proud of? The thin-skinned Trump had an immediate problem with the question, calling it  nasty  and claiming that he has never heard of such instances before now. Well I think your question s a very nasty question and I m not proud of it because I didn t even hear of it,  Trump replied.  And I certainly do not like it at all when I hear about it. Trump then proceeded to talk over Roberts as she attempted to press him on the fact that his campaign has been nastier than any question she has asked, pointing at his hostility towards Hispanics, Muslims, and even black people at his rallies.Roberts didn t back down though. As Trump bragged about the  beautiful door  his Mexican border wall will have, she asked him again to think of the children and give his response to the way kids are picking up his racism and using it against fellow students and schools: But what about the children, Mr. Trump? What about what the children are hearing from you and how they are responding to it? Trump responded by claiming that he thinks  people are responding very positively,  and repeated his slogan that he trying to  Make America Great Again,  to which Roberts quipped,  unless you think American is great already.  And that just made Trump jump into another state of denial.Here s the video via Twitter..@realDonaldTrump reacts to Cokie Roberts  question about kids using his name to taunt other kids https://t.co/1gW6cBnjiQ  Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) March 9, 2016Once again, a journalist plays  stump the Trump  and scores big. Featured image via YouTube",0
7606, Bernie Sanders Admits To Smoking Weed And Stephen Colbert Loves Him For It (VIDEO),"Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders is popular with individuals with a social justice mindset. He s also packed stadiums with young supporters around the country who see him as the candidate who can help them secure a batter future. The senator from Vermont got even more popular last night during a Late Show appearance after admitting to smoking weed saying,  I ve done marijuana twice in my life when I was very young.   Host Stephen Colbert had lots of fun last night on his show with Sanders  unsurprising and candid admission. He said: I don t think this admission is on brand for Bernie. Senator, you do know who your supporters are. I will tell you this much: They have smoked marijuana twice   since I started this sentence   [Bernie] recorded a reggae cover of a socialist anthem and expects us to believe he only smoked pot twice? Was one of those times for ten years, Senator? Colbert went on to imagine Bernie saying: If we pass the dutchie on the left hand side, the bottom 10% of the people are getting 80% less dutchie than the elite 1% on the left hand side, I promise that in my administration, there will be equal redistribution of dee dutchie. Sanders, who is running a competitive campaign for the Democratic nomination for the presidency, may smoke again for the third time in his life to celebrate a presidential victory in November.Watch Video Here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnSbHaIG4j4] Featured image via video screen capture.",0
7607, The Children Of Christian Fundamentalists Are Dying Because Their Parents Think Only God Can Cure Their Illnesses (VIDEO),"Christian Fundamentalism is putting American children in danger, as ever greater numbers of parents are refusing to seek medical treatment for their children, believing only in the power of prayer.The most high profile case in recent times was that of Herbert and Catherine Schaible. The Pennsylvanian were jailed in 2014 for allowing their 8-month-old son Brandon to die a slow and painful death from diarrhea, rather than seek medical attention. They argued their religious beliefs stipulate that illness is a sign of  spiritual lack , and only prayer can cure it.The father, Herbert Schaible, defending their decision, said: We believe in divine healing, the Jesus shed blood for our healing and that he died on the cross to break the devil s power, What makes the case all the more shocking, is that the couple were already on probation for the involuntary manslaughter of another child. Their two-year-old child died of pneumonia in 2009 after they refused to seek medical help.The couple were found guilty of involuntary manslaughter for the 2009 death, and sentenced to 10 years probation. A condition of their probation was that they sought medical attention if any of their surviving children became sick. Yet, within that probationary period, the couple allowed another child to die from a treatable illness. This time, their eight-month-old son Brandon.Addressing the couple of court, Philadelphia Common Pleas Judge Benjamin Lerner said: You ve killed two of your children   not God, not your church, not religious devotion   you. The couple has seven further surviving children.The Schaibles are part of a small Pentecostal community which, similar to the Quiverfull Christian Conservative approach to family planning   leaves the treatment of illness in what they believe to be God s hands.In 2015, 18-month-old Hope Delozier died of a treatable ear infection because her parents  were against antibiotics and other chemicals associated with modern medicine. A further 12 child deaths have been linked to the Pentecostal church, just in Idaho alone.Yet Idaho, and 31 other states, have built-in legal protections for parents who allow their children to die this way. These states have religious exemptions to felony or misdemeanor charges involving children.The Schaibles and their peers seek to protect themselves from the consequences of their actions by hiding behind this bogus freedom of religion  argument. Which is why we need to strike down these exemptions to support a common principle:No one s freedom of religion should be honored to the extent that a helpless and vulnerable child is left to die of neglect. Let alone two.Yet Republicans lawmakers are failing to back the repeal of these exemptions, with arguments epitomized by Idaho State Rep. Christy Perry, who said: This is about religious beliefs, the belief God is in charge of whether they live, and God is in charge of whether they die, This is about where they go for eternity. This has nothing to do with freedom of religion. When people become parents, they accept the responsibility to ensure the health and safety of that child through to adulthood. The Schaibles and those who think like them, choose to put their personal interpretation of their faith above their duty of care as parents. In doing so, they are turning their own children into human sacrifices. That has no place this century, let alone this country. Featured Image via Flickr Creative Commons",0
7608, Meet The ‘Responsible Gun Owner’ Who Was Shot In The Back By Her 4-Year-Old While Driving (VIDEO/SCREENSHOTS)," Meet Florida resident Jamie Gilt. Everyone say  Hi, Jamie!  Jamie is many things. She s a Ted Cruz supporter. She s a pro-gun advocate who runs a narcissistically-named pro-gun Facebook page called  Jamie Gilt for Gun Sense,  apparently named thusly to mock firearm safety groups. According to her Facebook likes she is an admirer of the Tea Party, she s a horse enthusiast, thinks Hillary Clinton belongs in prison, and admirers the terrorist group who engaged in an armed standoff with the federal government at Bundy Ranch. She s also exactly the sort of person who would leave a loaded gun within arm s reach of a 4-year-old.On Tuesday afternoon, a Putnam County Sheriff s Deputy noticed a woman behaving frantically inside her four-door pickup truck. The officer quickly realized that a woman inside the vehicle had been shot, according to Captain Joseph Wells. The woman explained to the officer that she had been shot by her four-year-old son as he sat in the back seat of the car while the two traveled to her sister s home to pick up a horse. She was shot through the seat and the round went through her back,  Wells said, noting that there were no holes in the back of the truck, which had a horse trailer hitched to the back. The child was not strapped into his booster seat when the deputy found Gilt. There was a booster seat in the back of the vehicle, but however the boy was not strapped in when the deputy got to them,  Wells said. Investigators are working to determine if the child was strapped in at the time of the shooting.Gilt s Facebook profile is filled with posts supporting Ted Cruz, whom she says has the longest history of protecting gun rights among the 2016 field, as well as numerous other right-wing posts ranging from  wildly inaccurate  to  completely f*cking stupid  to  downright insane.  One post in particular has been drawing attention, however. Gily uploaded a photo on March 6   days before the shooting   that depicted two scary criminals who  are breaking into your home to rob you, rape your children, and kill your dog.  The ammosexual gun advocate  remarked that  being dead  might  change their plans. In the comments below the meme, Gilt cheerfully declares that all her children  know how to shoot    something her 4-year-old proved after she left a loaded gun within arm s reach of him.  Even my 4-year-old gets jacked up to target shoot with the .22.,  she wrote in response to someone who praised her  spirit and patriotic attitude. She was shot with a .45-caliber handgun, depriving the world of the most ironic Facebook post of the week.While some may argue that she is a  responsible gun owner  who was simply an unfortunate victim of circumstance and bad luck, that she would never treat a gun like a toy, a tweet from last year reveals that she considers her guns to be exactly that   toys. This is surely a belief she passes down to her children, including the one who shot her.Gilt isn t just an idiot about guns   she s full-blown, Jesus-Christ-What-The-F*ck-Weapons-Grade-Stupid. Here is just a small sampling of her Facebook posts, one of which claims that  it    presumably the Revolution   is  inevitable at this point  because one of the Oregon terrorists was shot after he attempted to pull a gun on law enforcement:      Gilt s pro-gun page is filled with similar bullsh*t: The NRA tells us that people like Gilt are ready to hop into action at a moment s notice to save us from the  bad guys with guns    and Gilt certainly thinks of herself as the mythical  Good Guy With a Gun,  a warrior sent by God herself to defend the citizenry from tyranny. The truth is that she should not have access to weapons if she can not prevent her children from having access to weapons   period.Gilt is in stable condition. The child is in the care of family and the Department of Children and Families has been notified of this completely preventable monumental act of stupidity. Wells says there will be no criminal charges because the shooting is being investigated as  accidental.  However, things may change depending on how the boy managed to get ahold of the weapon.Watch a report on the shooting below:Featured image via Facebook ",0
7609, Why Conservatives Should Stop Whining About President Obama Skipping Nancy Reagan’s Funeral,"This actually happens all the time no matter who the president is, but conservatives are throwing a tantrum because President Obama does it.On Sunday, former First Lady Nancy Reagan passed away at the age of 94. Tributes have since poured in from across the country, even from President Obama himself. Nancy Reagan once wrote that nothing could prepare you for living in the White House,  Obama said in a statement. She was right, of course. But we had a head start, because we were fortunate to benefit from her proud example, and her warm and generous advice. Our former First Lady redefined the role in her time here As somebody who is lucky enough to have an extraordinary partner in my life as well, I know how much she meant not just to President Reagan but to the country as a whole. He was lucky to have her. She will be missed. That doesn t exactly sound like a man who didn t personally like or respect Mrs. Reagan. But because President Obama has decided not to attend her funeral on Friday in order to stick to his already tight schedule, conservatives are freaking out and throwing hissy fits despite the fact that this is not new.While Presidents usually attend the funerals of former Presidents, they have historically skipped the funerals of other high ranking officials and First Ladies, often sending the current First Lady to represent them at the service. Michelle Obama is, in fact, attending Nancy Reagan s funeral.President Obama will be taking part in an interview in Texas at the South by Southwest Festival, where he is also scheduled to speak about civic engagement and using technology to address the challenges we face in the future. This was planned prior to Reagan s death.Yet, conservatives see this as a sign of disrespect. The only problem is that he is hardly the first president to skip a funeral for a former First Lady.For instance, President Clinton did not attend Pat Nixon s funeral in 1993 and President Bush did not attend Lady Bird Johnson s funeral in 2007. President Obama also did not attend Betty Ford s funeral in 2011.Jimmy Carter didn t attend Mamie Eisenhower s funeral in 1979 and Franklin D. Roosevelt did not attend Lou Henry Hoover s funeral in 1944.And if conservatives seriously want to refer to Obama as  President Petty,  they should know that Ronald Reagan did not attend Bess Truman s funeral in 1982, and keep in mind that she was First Lady when her husband President Harry Truman ushered in the end of World War II by ordering the dropping of the atomic bomb on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945 and was the longest lived First Lady in American history.As far as I have been able to research, the only First Ladies whose funerals have been attended by a sitting President in the last 70 years was Eleanor Roosevelt in 1962 and Jacqueline Kennedy in 1994 by President John F. Kennedy and President Bill Clinton respectively.Roosevelt had wanted a small private funeral but Kennedy attended anyway because at the time of her death, Eleanor had been known as the beloved First Lady of the World who served as First Lady during the Great Depression and World War II and is still the longest serving First Lady in American history. Jacqueline Kennedy brought grace to the White House and became a symbol of strength for a traumatized nation after the assassination of her husband in 1963. President Clinton attended her funeral because he was a friend of the family and even delivered remarks at the burial.The bottom line here is that conservatives have nothing to gripe about on this issue. Nancy Reagan s funeral is also a private one and it is quite possible that President Obama was simply not invited to attend and the only reason Michelle Obama will be in attendance is because it is a long tradition that First Ladies attend the funerals of their predecessors just as Presidents attend the funerals of their predecessors.So, there is no reason at all for conservatives to whine about President Obama choosing not to attend Nancy Reagan s funeral. He is not the one being petty.Featured Image: Wikimedia",0
7610, Trump Campaign Manager Accused Of Assaulting Female Reporter (TWEETS),"Donald Trump s campaign manager has been accused of physically assaulting a female reporter after his press conference on Tuesday night.The claim was made public by Jamie Weinstein of the conservative Daily Caller. In a tweet, Weinstein wrote,  Tonight thug Corey Lewandowski tried to pull my gf @MichelleFields to ground when she asked tough q. Trump always surrounds himself w thugs. Tonight thug Corey Lewandowski tried to pull my gf @MichelleFields to ground when she asked tough q  Jamie Weinstein (@Jamie_Weinstein) March 9, 2016Say what you will abt Bush or even Obama. They would never tolerate this type of thuggery toward women https://t.co/EfbQH6tFM7  Jamie Weinstein (@Jamie_Weinstein) March 9, 2016The accusation was in reference to Michelle Fields, who is a reporter and pundit in the conservative media, whose work appears on Fox News Channel and on Breitbart.com.Earlier in the evening, Fields was clearly in the press area of Trump s press conference from the Trump International Golf Club in Florida, as she tweeted photos of the stage as well as the props of Trump Steak and Trump Water that was being setup by the candidate s team.Back in FL tonight for @realDonaldTrump's press conference at Trump International Golf Club pic.twitter.com/tfx6pYFGLV  Michelle Fields (@MichelleFields) March 9, 2016Trump trying to woo reporters one pig in a blanket at a time pic.twitter.com/wxwCYcD8P9  Michelle Fields (@MichelleFields) March 9, 2016The Trump  thug  that Weinstein was referencing is Corey Lewandowski, who is the campaign manager for Trump s presidential campaign.Lewandowski comes from the world of conservative politics. He recently served as the New Hampshire director for Americans for Prosperity, the Koch Brothers financed group that pushes and promotes the interests of the two right-wing brothers in multiple states.The campaign manager made waves earlier in the campaign season when he reportedly threatened Fox News  Megyn Kelly after she clashed with the candidate.Kelly was set to anchor a second debate in January. As Fox tells it, Lewandowski warned them that she had a  rough couple of days after that last debate  and he  would hate to have her go through that again . Like his boss, Lewandowski s creed is  respond to every slight in kind    and then some.Weinstein also argued with several Trump fans on Twitter after revealing the allegation, with several of them claiming either she deserved it or disputing whether the incident had happened at all.@TotesMcGotes @MichelleFields go to hell. It was after he press conference ended.  Jamie Weinstein (@Jamie_Weinstein) March 9, 2016Trump has had problems with female voters, even in contests where he has had strong victories. He also has a track record of verbal attacks on several notable women, including Carly Fiorina, the aforementioned Megyn Kelly, and comedian Rosie O Donnell. Maybe his campaign manager is just taking after the boss.Featured image via YouTube",0
7611, The Westboro Baptist Church Just Crucified Trump With A 2-Word Description Of His Candidacy,"The Westboro Baptist Church doesn t leave much room for dissension among its ranks, so when a Phelps family member speaks on an issue, you can pretty well assume that their sentiment mirrors that of the entire cult. That s what makes the conversation The Daily Caller had with Lee Ann Phelps, whose husband Timothy is the late Fred Phelps  son, all the more interesting. Talking politics at all with a cult family that hates everyone is typically a pointless endeavor, but in this case something stuck out that is just too good to pass up.Phelps said she couldn t support Donald Trump for president because he is  too fringe. Yes, you read that right. Still, you ll want to take a deep breath and prepare yourself for the laughter that is undoubtedly making its way to the surface when you read it again: Donald Trump is too fringe for the Westboro Baptist Church. The same cult that pickets just about anything imaginable with such incendiary slogans as  God Hates F*gs  and   America Is Doomed  thinks that Trump is  too far out there  on too many issues to be considered for the presidency.According to Merriam-Webster,  fringe  means: Not part of the mainstream; unconventional, peripheral, or extreme. There is nothing in America more unconventional, peripheral or extreme than the Westboro Baptist Church. At least there used to be nothing that compared. Now we have a failed businessman masquerading as a success declaring racism and hate to be what will make America great again. You could almost wager that if you were to ask just about anyone who their guess would be for a WBC endorsement, Donald Trump would win hands down.While she says she isn t voting, Phelps has declined to weigh in on the Democratic candidates at all.Featured image from Wikimedia",0
7612, Trump Made Nasty Comment About Nancy Reagan’s Looks – Can’t Go To Funeral Now,"Earlier this week after the death of Mrs. Reagan was announced, the GOP (including Trump) came out to show their full support for Ronald Reagan s spouse. It s customary, for sure   and Trump was no exception. He (of course) had nice things to say calling her:  the wife of a truly great president  and  an amazing woman. He s fighting to win the Republican nomination   he has to say these things.Yet   in a bombshell new report that was just dug up by POLITICO and obtained from the archives of columnist Liz Smith s off-the-record interview with Trump in 2004 from The University of Texas at Austin, Trump made some truly nasty comments about her. And   you can bet there s no way he can show his face at her funeral now. If he was invited, he was just uninvited.The transcript runs 68 pages long, but here are the parts of the interview that are truly damaging for Trump:Smith: I ve been invited to go to Ronald Reagan s funeral. I m debating about going.Trump: Do you like her?Smith: I did. I do like her. I think she s .Trump: You know, I respect that she was so loyal.Smith: She s, I don t think she was terribly smart. She s not a smart person.Trump: I never heard that statement that you didn t think she was that smart.Smith: I don t believe she s very smart.Trump: That s very interesting.Smith: She had really trivial .Trump: She was never very beautiful. That s for sure.Smith: No, she wasn t great. She was pretty. But not great.Why Trump thought it was necessary to comment on the former First Lady s appearance is beyond us, but her looks somehow seemed to matter. This is revealing for how Trump views women in general and their worth. Despite what he said about Mrs. Reagan, though, he had nothing but good things to say about Mr. Reagan s appearance. President Reagan, on the other hand, was truly a handsome man. Even though Trump is trying his best to invoke Ronald Reagan s name to gain influence with potential voters, it s probably important to note that Mrs. Reagan herself wasn t a fan of Donald Trump. It s been reported that one of her last words were:  Do not vote for Donald Trump.  If true, the voters aren t listening. And   it s one reason why the GOP has splintered into two and is in the disarray that it s in now.According to a nurse, identified as Althea Thoone, she said: She watched all the [GOP] debates. She was very alert and kept up with all the news and current events, especially about the election. She said no true Republican would cast a vote for Donald Trump.She was not happy at all because I don t believe she thought Donald Trump was a real Republican. She took a turn for the worse after the [11th] debate when he started talking about his private parts, and all that other nonsense about Mitt Romney getting down on his knees. So, nasty comment or not, it doesn t look like Trump would have made a very good guest at the funeral. Hillary Clinton, however, will be there. What does that tell you?Featured image via Wikimedia.",0
7613," Cruz Supporter Blasts Trump’s Wife For Being Foreign, Makes Sexist Attack (VIDEO)","Ted Cruz s presidential campaign is gaining a reputation of going into the gutter during the Republican primary so far, and it appears that his supporters making media appearances are going there as well.Appearing on Fox Business, Cruz booster Andrea McWilliams argued that especially in light of the recent death of First Lady Nancy Reagan, Republican primary voters should consider the potential first ladies in the field, and went on to attack Donald Trump s wife, Melania. If Donald trump is elected, Mrs. Trump will be the first first lady that has ever posed nude; the first first lady that s the third wife [of the president]; and the first foreign-born first lady in this century.  She said,  by contrast,  Cruz s wife Heidi would be  the first pro-life first lady. Taken aback by the claim, host Neil Cavuto pressed McWilliams to expound on her attack.Asked by Cavuto  what difference  any of it made, McWilliams said it was  critically important. You ve been covering Nancy Reagan, look at what an influencer she was to her husband.   I think posing nude speaks to character,  she said.It s also worth noting that McWilliams seemed to be concerned that Melania Trump is foreign born. She is originally from Slovenia. She married Trump in 2005, and is his third wife.When she was dating Trump she was still a model, and posed in a nude photo shoot for GQ magazine inside and on Trump s private jet.It s interesting for a Cruz supporter to go this route, as his campaign has been the closest associated with risqu  content so far. A few weeks ago his campaign released an ad featuring an adult film star, and when it was revealed the panicked campaign pulled the ad. The woman in question there recently announced on CNN that she would be backing Donald Trump.Featured image via Flickr",0
7614, Trump Has Been Financing The ‘Crown Jewel’ Of His Empire With Money From His Worst Enemy,"Trump bashes China so much and blames them for American problems so often, that if he wasn t such a racist you could arguably say it s the central theme of his presidential campaign. With that in mind, you have to wonder if Trump has some kind of multiple personality disorder. On one hand, he completely savages them with rhetoric every chance he gets. On the other, practically every aspect of his business is dependent on them to survive.As if it wasn t embarrassing enough for him to be busted on live TV for producing his overpriced and gaudy clothing in China, now it turns out that the  crown jewel  of his empire   that being real estate development   is also dependent on Chinese money to survive.A Trump-branded luxury apartment building called Trump Bay Street is being built in New Jersey. The project is receiving substantial funds from Chinese investors. Bloomberg reported that the investors were sold on the idea via a  Sopranos  style video campaign filmed from a moving car with the  Work Up This Morning  theme song from the show playing in the background. I didn t know the Sopranos were so big in China.If the fact he pandered out to Chinese investors wasn t hypocritical enough, this next part really takes the cake.The project was also funded to the tune of $50 million by a controversial visa program that essentially sells legal US residency for immigrants who can front a huge wad of cash. The program is called EB-5, and it allows foreigners who invest at least $500,000 in an American project that will create at least 10 jobs to receive a 2-year visa.The program is intensely popular as a capital source for real estate developers and has ballooned from 5 visas in 2005 to 10,692 in 2014. Approximately 1,200 Chinese millionaires essentially bought a visa while millions of regular immigrants wait patiently to come here legally.The EB-5 program has come under a lot of fire as well, for its ability to be easily exploited by unsavory individuals.In addition to reaching wealthy foreign investors, the program has become a magnet for those seeking to sidestep the scrutiny of the traditional immigration process. In one case, immigration officials pushed through a visa application from Chinese investor in a Las Vegas hotel project despite an internal review that found the investor had previously been turned back at the border, and much of his visa application had likely been fabricated, immigration records show.A Feb. 1, 2013 Homeland Security internal review obtained by ABC News also lays out in stark detail the breadth of the troubles afflicting some of the roughly 600 so-called regional centers   private sector entities certified by Homeland Security to recruit foreign investors for specific business ventures that will qualify for EB-5 visas. The document summarizes 41 investigations, some open and some now closed, into allegations ranging from espionage to fraud to drug trafficking involving investors in various EB-5 investment projects.Source: GawkerTrump has been pissing and moaning about China for literally years now and explained how he will mercilessly beat them up in the name of America if elected president. Meanwhile, he s literally receiving a government handout from them, via a shady visa program that sells a spot in the U.S. for an obscene amount of money.I guess the question is, can he even afford to be tough on China, or will it bankrupt him?Featured image via YouTube",0
7615, Here’s The Embarrassing Reason Why Trump Refused To Do On-Camera Appearances This Morning (TWEETS),"On Tuesday morning, Republican front runner Donald Trump was supposed to go on several television appearances, but wimped out at the last minute and decided to do audio interviews instead. The reason for this sudden change of heart? He just didn t feel pretty enough.CNN Money reported that Trump was scheduled appear on NBC, ABC, CBS, Fox News, and MSNBC, but told all the networks that he was experiencing  technical difficulties  on his end and begged them to let him do the interview over the phone instead. Most of the programs agreed to Trump s demands, but this response from CBS This Morning s executive producer Chris Licht proved that not everyone was buying it.TwitterSo far, three network sources (who wish to remain anonymous) said they felt Trump s so-called  technical issues  were an  excuse    and when you consider this following statement, it certainly looks like it. According to someone who heard Trump refuse an on-camera interview, Trump needs to be a little more careful when he spews flat-out lies: He didn t like the shot. But he didn t realize that his microphone was on for everyone to hear. The source reported that Trump said, I don t like the way I look. Just tell them there s technical issues. Several hours later, CNN s Ashleigh Banfield called Trump out on air, making it perfectly and hilariously clear just why Trump was giving audio-only interviews earlier that day. She explained to her guests: I want to run his sound byte. It is on the phone because he cancelled all of his on-camera appearances. He was heard by a technician saying,  I don t like the way I look so tell them there is a technical issue,  and he carried on his interviews by phone. That s why we are hearing it by phone. Can we seriously trust a presidential candidate whose self-esteem is just as back-and-forth as his positions on policies? The fact that he has to modify his interviews just because he doesn t like the way he looks is a clear sign that he can t be a confident leader and focus on more important matters. Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
7616, Benjamin Netanyahu Just Snubbed Obama AGAIN – And In The Scummiest Way Possible,"It s no secret that there is little love lost between President Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, but this is ridiculous.Somehow unsatisfied by his pathetic use of an unprecedented speech delivered to Congress at the behest of the Republican Party in an attempt derail sensitive Iranian nuclear negotiations, Netanyahu has found a new low. Out of the blue, and with no official statement to the White House, Netanyahu cancelled a trip to Washington and a meeting with the president. The Pope met with the President. The Denver Broncos met with the President. A 106-year-old lady danced with the President. But Netanyahu, a supposed American  ally  in the Middle East will snub him in what is likely the pair s last opportunity to meet face-to-face.Netanyahu didn t even attempt to hide his contempt for Obama, either. Rather than do the respectable thing and give the White House a heads up, the president and his staff learned of Netanyahu s snub from  media outlets like CNN.The White House said Israel had proposed two dates for a meeting between the leaders and the U.S. had offered to meet on one of those days.  We were looking forward to hosting the bilateral meeting,  said Ned Price, a spokesman for the White House s National Security Council.  We were surprised to first learn via media reports that the prime minister, rather than accept our invitation, opted to cancel his visit. Classy.According to Israeli news networks, insiders in the Netanyahu administration told reporters that he was  unwilling to meet with Obama.  However, the Israeli government publicly disputed those reports.Ironically, Netanyahu s own defense for cancelling was so that he did not sway the upcoming U.S. election   something he didn t mind doing in the past. For instance, Netanyahu spoke with Obama on Super Tuesday in 2012. He didn t seem concerned that his actions would throw a wrench in the Democratic process   or perhaps more accurately, he rather hoped it would. And two years later during the mid-term elections, his love for Republicans was so obvious, that it was discussed with casual openness in Israel. Here, for example, is a typical report from the time.It s no secret that Netanyahu and his aides are praying for control of the U.S. Senate to fall to the Republicans, who already hold the majority of the House of Representatives. Based on recent U.S. polls, there s a fairly good chance those prayers will be answered. However, Netanyahu won t break open any champagne prematurely. He did that two years ago, before the presidential elections, only to see his favored candidate, Mitt Romney, lose to incumbent President Barack Obama.Unfortunately for the prime minister, he got his wish and still lost the battle. They really tried, but Republicans were unable to stop the Iranian nuclear agreement   even after skirting America s treason laws to try to elbow their way in.It seems apparent that the Israeli Prime Minister is still livid over the fact that Obama went ahead with the Iranian nuclear disarmament instead of listening to his calls for war. The two world leaders have never exactly seen eye-to-eye on the issue of Iran or anything else. Netanyahu, a right-wing hardliner, has resented Obama s calls for peace, including chastising Israel for its policies towards Palestinians. The fact that the United States still provides financial and military support to Israel to the tune of billions of dollars a year doesn t seem to calm him down, either.So rather than swallow his pride, Netanyahu has resorted to shameful displays of pettiness. What that means for the future of U.S.-Israel relations will be better known after the election.Featured image via Flickr ",0
7617, What Republicans Just Said About Tammy Duckworth And Vets Will Make Your Blood Boil (TWEET),"If you had any doubt in your mind that Republicans are absolutely repugnant, this should seal the deal. In a tweet aimed at Rep. Tammy Duckworth (D-IL), a woman who is a double amputee from serving this country, the National Republican Senatorial Committee just tweeted out one of the most horrific things ever imaginable. They said: Tammy Duckworth has a sad record of not standing up for our veterans. They have since deleted their tweet, but screen captures live forever:Nice try, @NRSC You can delete your tweet, but screenshots are forever. PS I'm a registered Illinois voter. pic.twitter.com/mdzc9iHECe  Blue Gal/Fran (@bluegal) March 8, 2016The link they sent went to a long list of things meant to bash Duckworth. THAT is still live  for now.They literally, time and time again, went after Duckworth on her supposed history with veterans.Now, you can go after a candidate on a lot of things regarding policy, but to outright say that Duckworth doesn t stand up for Veterans and to write an entire article as a vendetta against her, a veteran who literally sacrificed life and limb for this nation, isn t just horrible, it s outright reprehensible. Not to mention a horrific metaphor of  standing up for our veterans  when Duckworth is often left to a wheelchair because she lost both her legs while serving.Let s also remember that Duckworth has  received decorations for her actions, including the Purple Heart, the Air Medal, and the Combat Action Badge. Here is what the Veterans group VoteVets.org thinks of Duckworth and her record: Since her recovery at Walter Reed, Duckworth has dedicated her life to public service, advocating on behalf of disability rights and Veterans. She served as the Director of Illinois Department of Veterans  Affairs where she implemented many first-in-the-nation, programs for Veterans, especially in the areas of health care, mental health, housing and employment. She also initiated a new grant program, awarding lottery funds to non-profits working on Veterans disability, homelessness, long-term medical care and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD).  She was nominated by President Barack Obama and confirmed as the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Assistant Secretary under Eric Shinseki. While at VA, Tammy led an unprecedented era of increased communication between the Department and the Veterans they serve. There is NO recovery from this for Republicans. Sorry, there just isn t. They may not want her as a Senator, but this is just LOW.Many people had the reaction I had when seeing the tweet:At least they deleted the Tweet, but they should still delete their account. Wow, just  wow.Featured image: Wikimedia Commons/Twitter",0
7618, Gun Industry Has NO SHAME In Their PATHETIC Scheme To Get Silencers To Everyone,"While one could argue that the Second Amendment of the United States Constitution grants the ability to own firearms to every citizen, one must also remember that within that Second Amendment, which arms the militias as stipulated in Article 1 Section 8, these  militias  are to be well regulated. The Second Amendment is not limitless, just as the First Amendment is not limitless. There are limits to speech and religion when it causes harm to others, just as it should be with the Second Amendment and the right to bear arms. It should also be noted that the militias were to be formed and armed to be used by the government, not against (see also: Whiskey Rebellion).However, the gun industry alongside the gun lobby continuously seeks to change the meaning behind the Second Amendment to suit their needs and desire to make more profit. In their latest scheme at lobbying Congress, gun advocates are asking Congress to  repeal a Depression-era law that requires a months-long screening process for silencer buyers.   You know, because people need to make their guns quieter.Oh, but they don t call them  silencers,  they call them  suppressors,  and their reasoning for the need to get them to everyone is pure gold. Apparently, not only hunters need them, but so does everyone else  to protect from  hearing loss. Yep, you read that correctly, the gun industry is trying to rebrand these  suppressors as  hearing-protection accessories.  Republican Congressman Matt Salmon, from the great state of Arizona, who is clearly bought and paid for by the gun lobby, stated: If we have something that mitigates that kind of hearing loss, we ought to be encouraging it. How about less gun use. Or is that too obvious?Salmon s law, called the  Hearing Protection Act, seeks to  remove sound suppressors from regulation under the National Firearms Act (NFA), leaving them to be treated as ordinary firearms subject to the usual NICS check and Form 4473 for dealer sales. Common sense Democratic State Rep. Joe Mullery from Minnesota, said: What legitimate reason does a person have to be wandering around the streets of a big city with a silencer? None. There is no reason anyone should have a silencer unless they are in the military and need one for a specific task.And as the gun industry likes to point out that there aren t very many crimes committed with suppressors, they fail to realize that it s probably because they aren t regularly available and are harder to get, as they should be. That s the whole point. Thanks for making it for us. Now, if we could only do that for all guns. In Augusta, Maine, police chief Robert Gregoire said silencer-equipped gunshots may sound further away than a typical gunshot, making it hard to track hunters in unauthorized areas. Also, he now cannot block silencer sales for residents he suspects may not use them responsibly.A hunter himself, Gregoire said he saw little reason to encourage silencer use. I don t think they re necessary for home protection and I don t think they re necessary for hunting,  he said. source: The GuardianYet, Congressman Salmon, alongside 51 supporters of his  Hearing Protection Act,  are fighting alongside the NRA and the gun lobby to make silencers readily available for all guns and gun purchasers. Which isn t so much for the betterment of gun owners and society, but rather for the profit margins of the gun industry.It s sick, it s sad, and it s unnecessary.Featured image via Timothy Tsul (flickr)",0
7619, Check Out This Disturbing Ad A Christian Site Posted Seeking A Husband For This Virgin Woman,"One of the most disturbing things about extremist Christian holy rollers is how they prize the virginity of women. It s misogynist, it s gross, and it needs to stop. That likely won t be happening any time soon, though   and boy have we got proof of that sad fact for you.Christianity Today is in full-blown damage control mode after they let an absolutely disgusting advertisement run that a man submitted regarding his single 26-year-old daughter. You see, the man was looking for a husband for his daughter. The advertisement he sent to the magazine said: Her: godly, gorgeous, athletic, educated, careered, humorous, travelled, bilingual, 26-year-old virgin. You: unworthy, though becoming less so daily. Christianity Today is sorry they let the ad run, and one of their editors, Mark Galli said to The Daily Beast: We want everything in our magazine to reflect beautiful orthodoxy, and this ad did not. We have taken a hard look at our ad review process, made some changes, and we can assure our readers that no ad like this will appear again. The poor woman whose father saw fit to advertise for a husband for her in a creepy religious publication and wave the fact that she is in her mid-twenties and a virgin around like that was something to be extremely proud of also happens to be a blogger. While the ad included her blog s URL, we will not be doing that here, lest other creepy misogynists try to hit her up. Further, she was smart enough not to make the blog public. Also, the woman, called  Rachel,  is not too torn up over it, and seems to be okay. She wrote of her fathers gross antics: I m just nervous if this doesn t work out, next I ll find my face plastered on a billboard. Oh gosh, now I m giving him ideas. The prizing of virginity is one of the most gross, inappropriate, and misogynist parts of Abrahamic religions. Just another reason to question these people and their idea of what morality is.Get out of that cult of a religion, Rachel, while you still can. Good luck to you   you ll definitely need it.Featured image via Flickr",0
7620, Leave It To Ellen DeGeneres To PERFECTLY Mock Trump And His ‘Hand’ Size (VIDEO),"When thinking about who you d likely want as the next President of the United States, one would probably think of someone who is well-versed in policy and leadership. Someone with a proven record of legislative success. Someone who you wouldn t be embarrassed of representing you and your interests around the globe. Unfortunately, when watching the GOP debates, you re not going to find any of those qualities, at least amongst the front-runners.At the most recent debate, the subject of  hand  size was literally brought up, and of course,  hand size  is actually the size of their dicks, because of course that s what these guys would be talking about. Noticing how utterly ridiculous not only bringing this subject up is, but also finding it humorous that Donald Trump in particular took such offense in what appears to be major overcompensation, Ellen DeGeneres of The Ellen Show showed us a better interpretation of what his  hand size  actually may be.In a modified clip of the most recent debate, Ellen had Trump s hands photoshopped into tiny little baby hands. He still waved them around like he has something to prove, but this time, it was seemingly far more accurate.Truth be told, we don t need a person obsessed with proving how  large  or  great  they personally are. We don t need someone who uses  I,   me,  or  my  every other sentence. Running for president is running to serve the citizens of the United States, not yourself. It s not about  being the best,  it s about making sure the nation works well for all.We need someone who can lead the nation. Donald Trump is not that person.Watch the hilarity from The Ellen Show here:Featured image via image screen capture",0
7621, WATCH: Donald Trump GOES OFF On Fraud Victims Whose Lives Were Ruined By His Fake University (VIDEO),"Donald Trump pretty much goes ballistic anytime someone says something bad about his precious Trump University, a failed real estate investment seminar that is now facing multiple class-action lawsuits from approximately 5,000 attendees, calling the school out for being a scam.On Monday, the Republican front runner took his characteristic bullying to a new level when he released a video in which he threatened the victims behind the fraud charges. In the video, Trump creepily sits alone in a dark room for three minutes and defends his beloved  university    despite the fact that even he himself has admitted that it was a scam.Specifically calling out two former attendees of the  University  who have publicly stated that they were ripped off, the business mogul made a disturbing threat that shows just how shady he is when it comes to his business endeavors: cross me and I will name you so my insane Twitter followers can harass you.Trump went as far as to hold up supposed positive evaluation forms from the two fraud victims named in the video, stating that their forms would be used in court. He said, When they are on the stand, they will be shown and shown [sic] these reports. Why would anybody settle a case when we have reports like this? I just can t do it. Trump s message gets even weirder when he compares his battle against the fraud charges to America, although it s not really clear what the hell he means. Trump said: And you know what? The United States should fight back also. We shouldn t just be settlers, we should fight back. And do what s right. You can watch Trump s message below:The victims Trump speaks of have both appeared in ads paid for by the American Future Fund, a nonprofit conservative group with connection to the billionaire Koch brothers. In those ads, the victims describe how they spend over $30,000 for seminars at Trump University, and did not get any of the education the university promised them. One of the men said in the ad: Trump University ruined my credit, and it ruined my life.  And now by naming and exposing this attendee to all of his Twitter followers, Trump has ruined his life once again   and couldn t care less. Let s hope that conservative Americans will wake up and prevent Trump from ruining the lives of every American soon. Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
7622, CNN Host Destroys Moderate Republicans For Failing To Condemn Extremism That Led To Trump (VIDEO),"CNN host Fareed Zakaria made a pretty damning point about Donald Trump s extremism on Monday night.Zakaria dedicated a few minutes to discuss the rise of Donald Trump in the Republican Party, pointing out that his extremist rise is no different than the rise of Islamic extremists in the Middle East. A main cause of the rise of extremism in the world of Islam has been the cowardice of Muslim moderates who, for decades, chose not to condemn bad ideas and ugly rhetoric,  Zakaria said, clearly referencing the fact that moderate Republicans here at home allowed conservative extremism, or Christian Sharia law, to fester within the party until it turned into a full blown infection that threatens to kill the party and ruin America. Fearing that they would be seen simply as ideological weaklings, they avoided confronting the cancer in plain sight. It is now clear that a similar dynamic has been at play in the world of conservatism,  he continued.Zakaria then praised Mitt Romeny for condemning Trump, but criticized him for taking too long to do so and for gratefully accepting Trump s endorsement in 2012 even though he was still the face of the birther movement. What is different about the conservative movement,  Zakaria says, is that  some of its mainstream members have embraced the rhetoric and tactics of the extremes. He then noted that it was Newt Gingrich who began this shift in the 1990s by circulating a memo calling for Republicans to smear Democrats with words such as  failure, pathetic, disgrace, and incompetent,  all of which have been used by Trump during this current election.Zaharia then destroyed the Republican notion that President Obama is at fault for Trump s rise within the GOP and offered a better explanation: Republicans have fed the country ideas, decline, betrayal, and treason. They have encouraged the forces of anti-intellectualism, obstructionism, and populism. They have flirted with bigotry and racism. Trump merely chose to unashamedly to embrace all of it, saying plainly what they were hinting at for years. In doing so, he hit the jackpot. The problem is not that Republican leaders should have begun to condemn Trump last year, it is that they should have condemned the ideas and tactics that led to his rise when they began to flourish in the last century. Here s the video via YouTube.In other words, moderate Republicans should apologize for waiting so long to call out the extremism within their own party and now it s just a question of whether this extremism can be defeated before it is too late.Featured image via video screen capture",0
7623, Anti-Vaxxer Parents Let Toddler Die Of Meningitis After Maple Syrup Fails To Cure Him,"A Canadian couple is facing charges after their plan to avoid  harmful  medicine in favor of maple syrup and other home remedies failed to cure their young son of his meningitis. The 19-month-old died after two weeks of rapidly worsening illness without medical attention.The couple, David and Collet Stephan, are Mormons who run a nutritional supplement company in the United States. They were charged with the death of their child and face up to five years in prison if convicted.Sadly, the death of this toddler didn t come from ignorance, but from the malicious anti-vaccination movement, which deliberately spreads false information about medical practices and advocates in favor of unproven  natural  cures that alternate between the effectiveness of a placebo and down-right harm. Tapes played for the court featured Collet Stephan telling officers that a nurse friend pleaded with the couple about their son s illness, telling them it was a life-threatening case of meningitis. Rather than heed the nurse s warnings, the couple opted for home-brew concoctions.In a bid to boost his immune system, the couple gave the boy who was lethargic and becoming stiff   various home remedies, such as water with maple syrup, juice with frozen berries and finally a mixture of apple cider vinegar, horse radish root, hot peppers, mashed onion, garlic and ginger root as his condition deteriorated.Court heard the couple on tape explaining to the police officer that they prefer naturopathic remedies because of their family s negative experiences with the medical system.Perhaps most disturbingly, the couple continues to maintain that they did nothing wrong. On social media and in comments to the court, the Stephans have shown nothing but contempt for the judicial process. In the aftermath of his son s death, David has accused the government of attempting to force families like his to vaccinate their children. The fact that the child died because the government didn t force him to vaccinate his children is a point that seems to have eluded him.As other cases have done in the past, the plight of the Stephans and the victimization of their children (yes, they have other   unvaccinated   children still living with them), reminds us that this is not just an intellectual exercise or an example of the government overstepping its role. The anti-vaxxer movement, and its supporters, are putting the lives of real children at risk when they opt for maple syrup remedies over scientifically-tested medical care. No child should have to die because of their parents bad decision-making. And the parents should be held accountable for those decisions as well.Featured image via CBC/Facebook ",0
7624, The Daily Show Hilariously Compares Republicans To Wile E. Coyote In Their Chase Of Trump (VIDEO),"Trevor Noah shredded Republicans on Monday night for being as inept as Looney Tunes character Wile E. Coyote in their effort to beat Donald Trump.The segment began with Noah talking about Trump s allegedly large penis, which he bragged about during the last GOP Debate. That was a prime time presidential debate where the front-runner reassured the American public that he has a huge penis,  Noah said.  The thing that people don t actually know is, it s someone else s huge penis and Trump just licenses his name on it. Noah then talked about Ted Cruz defeating Trump in Maine and Kansas because he  is a grower, not a shower. Then Noah took aim at poor little Marco Rubio, who could only brag about winning the coveted vote in Puerto Rico, a US territory that doesn t get a say during the election.  Good job, Marco Rubio. You only have to go a few hundred miles off shore to find a place that wants you to be president,  Noah quipped.The discussion then turned to how Republicans plan to overthrow Trump and replace him with the candidate they want at the convention in July. Ah, democracy   where every vote counts. As long as that vote doesn t go against the people who actually control the party, in which case they will disregard your vote, replace it with their vote   and then, every vote will count. Noah also pointed out how the other Republican candidates are trashing Trump and urging people not to vote for him but at the same time are saying they will support him if he wins the nomination. As it turns out, all of the GOP candidates signed a pledge to support the nominee whoever that may be and it totally backfired because the RNC didn t expect Trump to be in the lead right now.And that led to the most hilarious joke of the night as Noah played a clip of Wile E. Coyote trying and failing to catch the Trump Roadrunner who speeds by taunting the coyote when his plan backfires.In the end, Noah was of the opinion that Trump s penis must be huge because he s  using it to f*ck the entire Republican Party. Here s the video via Comedy Central: Featured image via screenshot",0
7625, Joe Scarborough ADMITS That Trickle Down Economics Is A Total Republican Lie (VIDEO),"In a shocking moment of confession, Morning Joe host Joe Scarborough admitted on the air that trickle down economics is a lie that only helped the rich get richer.In an effort to explain why so many conservatives are flocking to support Republican front-runner Donald Trump, Scarborough said on Tuesday that it s because Republicans have lied to their constituents for the last thirty years that wealth will trickle down to them if we help the wealthy by cutting taxes.This can be seen most clearly in the wealth gap, which has only widened over the last three decades, resulting in the top 1 percent owning more the nation s wealth than the bottom 50 percent of the population combined. The rich have gotten richer and the poor have only gotten poorer as the once mighty and prosperous American middle class is disappearing. The problem with the Republican Party over the past 30 years is they haven t   and I ll say, we haven t   developed a message that appeals to the working class Americans economically in a way that Donald Trump s does,  Scarborough said. We talk about cutting capital gains taxes that the 10,000 people that in the crowd cheering for Donald Trump, they are never going to get a capital gains cut because it doesn t apply. We talk about getting rid of the death tax. The death tax is not going to impact the 10,000 people in the crowd for Donald Trump. We talk about how great free trade deals are. Those free trade deals never trickle down to those 10,000 people in Donald Trump s rallies. And then the former Republican lawmaker actually flat-out admitted that trickle down hasn t worked. But herein lies the problem with the Republican Party. It never trickles down! Those people in Trump s crowds, those are all the ones that lost the jobs when they get moved to Mexico and elsewhere. The Republican donor class are the ones that got rich off of it because their capital moved overseas and they made higher profits What we re finding this year is, they ll even support a guy who says Planned Parenthood is good if he comes with an economic approach that they feel could actually help them more in the future. Here s the video via YouTube:And Scarborough is absolutely right. For decades, Republicans have told the American people that their economic concerns will be all taken care of as long as we eliminate taxes on the wealthy. But all that trickle down economics has caused is Americans losing their jobs overseas and they never see a dime of the wealth the GOP promised would trickle down upon them. It s like saying apples will fall from a tree if you just wait long enough but by the time one does fall it s rotten to the core and worthless. And that s if the tree doesn t just keep all the apples for itself like the wealthy are currently keeping all the money to themselves.The fact is that trickle down economics is a failed economic policy that needs to be ditched in favor of one that actually helps the American people. It s time for the rich to start paying their fair share and it s time for the middle class to rise again and take back the wealth that has been stolen by Republicans and their wealthy puppet masters.Featured image via screenshot",0
7626, Republican Caitlyn Jenner Makes OUTRAGEOUS Claims About Hillary Clinton (VIDEO),"It s been really hard for the LGBT community to welcome Caitlyn Jenner with open arms and the reason played across television screens on Sunday evening. On the season two premiere of her show, I Am Cait, Jenner decided to talk about politics and it was all bad.Since Jenner announced that she was transgendered she has faced criticism for her defense of the Republican Party. It has left her looking as if she is completely out of touch with the community she says she wants to be a part of. Last year, on Ellen, she even went as far as to say that she doesn t not believe in same-sex marriage. After the incredible amount of backlash she received from those comments, you d think she would have stayed as far away from her GOP cheerleading as possible, but apparently she s not very bright (typical Republican).During the episode, the right-winger voiced a completely asinine opinion about Hillary Clinton: If we re unfortunate enough to get Hillary as our next president, we need her on our side,  Jenner told her friends.  Although she won t be   she couldn t care less about women. She only cares about herself. What?Hillary Clinton has been a longtime supporter of women s rights. While Jenner s Republican buddies have fought tooth and nail to implant their elephants in women s uteri, Hillary has stood up for us   along with the rest of the Democratic Party. Anybody who disputes this has clearly not been paying attention. Maybe Jenner believes that the only way to support women is by making our health care choices for us, limiting our rights, fighting against equal pay and every other dig the GOP has taken at us because they think we are all stupid.As if her Clinton comment wasn t ignorant enough, what she said about the Republican Party was mindblowing: All of  em.   None of the Republicans [say],  Oh, I hate trans people  or  I hate gays.  Nothing like that, They do more,  I want a thriving economy so every trans person has a job.' I don t feel like they re out to get us,  Jenner said.  Every conservative guy out there believes in everybody s rights. She s absolutely right, Republicans have never said, We hate gays!  They just say things like this:Oh yeah, those certainly sound like comments from people who believe in protecting  everybody s rights,  don t they?This is why the trans and LGB community doesn t trust Jenner. She claims that Hillary Clinton only cares about herself, but she needs to take a hard look in the mirror, because Clinton is not the problem here.Watch:Featured image via screenshot",0
7627, Scooby Doo’s ‘Mystery Machine’ Involved In Crazy 100 MPH Getaway,"File this one under: WTF?!A woman driving a van painted to match  The Mystery Machine  van from the Scooby Doo cartoon decided that solving crimes was for squares and led the police on a high-speed chase in California (NOT Florida as we would normally expect). I imagine bystanders saw the well-done replica (it even has funky hubcaps) flash by with cop cars in pursuit and wondered if someone was making a movie.Redding.com reports:Shasta County Probation Department officials contacted the Redding Police Department about a subject violating their probation sometime around 12:50 p.m. Sunday. The woman was identified as Sharon Kay Turman, 51, of Redding, Sgt. Ron Icely said in a news release.Officers spotted Turman in a 1994 Chrysler Town and Country minivan at California Shasta streets, but she fled south in the vehicle when officers tried to pull her over, said Icely.Amazingly, the 22-year-old minivan got up to speeds of 100 miles per hour during the pursuit. Even more amazingly, despite having zero concern for the safety of anyone else on the road, Turman managed not to kill anyone, although she did blow through an intersection and almost hit four cars in the process.The police called off their pursuit, presumably to allow Turman to stop fleeing in a blind panic and to avoid a fatal car accident. Instead, they followed her with a helicopter:The CHP helicopter kept surveillance of Turman s vehicle as she continued west toward Highway 36, where she was spotted abandoning the vehicle in northwestern Tehama County. Her whereabouts were unknown Sunday afternoon, police said, but her vehicle was later found and impounded.It s not clear what crime Turman was on probation for but if the police were willing to let her escape rather than risk a fatal accident, it s very likely it wasn t a violent offense.But if you live in or near northwestern Tehama County, keep a look out for empty boxes of Scooby Snacks and this woman:Sharon Kay TurmanTurman is wanted by the Redding police and Shasta County probation. Anyone with information regarding her whereabouts can call the Redding Police Department at (530) 225-4200 or Secret Witness of Shasta County at (530) 243-2319.Featured image via Madidon Wade s KRCR News twitter feed.",0
7628, New Republican SCOTUS Tactic: Who Needs 9 Justices Anyway?,"In a desperate bid to normalize the Republican Party s insane stance on keeping Scalia s seat on the Supreme Court empty, a new talking point is being tried out by conservatives: There s no time limit in the Constitution, and there s nothing magical about there being nine justices, [Dean] Reuter said during a panel meeting at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC). The country started out with six justices, we ve had as many as ten at some point in time,  he continued.  As recently as 2010, when Justice Elena Kagan came on the Court, she had been solicitor general so she recused herself in over a third of the cases (so) I don t see a sense of urgency. I fully expect this to be repeated over and over again and eventually mimicked by the corporate media. If there s one thing besides crippling America that the GOP is really good at, it s making their sabotage seem perfectly normal. The corporate media is always a willing accomplice to this charade as they will tie themselves into knots to avoid calling out the historic extremism of the right.A side benefit of using this kind of rhetoric to keep the 9th seat empty for so long is that when a Democrat wins in November, they ll already have normalized a reduced Court. It s like stacking the Court, adding seats to dilute the power of one set of Justices, but in reverse.On the flip side, if Republicans were to somehow win in November, I wouldn t be at all surprised if they suddenly  realized  that 9 Justices just aren t enough and we really should have 11, 7 of whom would just happen to be conservative. For a group that calls themselves  conservatives,  ostensibly the party that preserves the status quo, the American right wing has zero interest in preserving tradition, precedent or the Constitution. They re only interested in preserving their own power at any expense.Featured image via Rational Politics",0
7629, Samantha Bee Brilliantly Roasts GOP Candidates: ‘Men Are Just Too Emotional To Be President’ (VIDEO),"The GOP is known for its misogyny. This is especially true of those currently running for president on that side of the aisle. So, it is only fitting that misogynist insults often used by men are turned on these guys, and Full Frontal host Samantha Bee did just that on Monday s edition of her show.Women are often accused of being  too emotional  to be in certain positions, but the mudslinging and childish insults that have peppered the GOP debates and campaign trails show that men can be just as emotional   in their cases inappropriately so. Bee started her first segment with a eulogy for the death of the Republican Party in the wake of the absolute national embarrassment that is their presidential primary, then turned on the candidates themselves. She began: I don t mean to sound sexist, but I think men are just too emotional to be president. Bee then pointed out what everyone knows, saying that the GOP establishment knows that the Donald Trump candidacy is doing to their brand what his a*shole son does to real elephants. This narrative within the establishment has made old-time GOPers like former presidential nominee Mitt Romney and Arizona Senator John McCain try to urge people within the party not to support Trump.Bee says that this won t do any good, though, if past efforts by Romney are any indication, because when [Romney] tried to stand between a charismatic guy and the White House, you got beat like a Muslim girl at a Trump rally. Samantha Been is absolutely correct here. Trump will likely be the GOP s nominee, and that is absolute nightmare for them. He s an openly racist, misogynist, xenophobic asshole who bears some startling and disturbing resemblances to Adolf Hitler, and we all know how THAT ended.You re done, GOP   and you did it to yourselves. Good riddance.Watch Samantha Bee s brilliant takedown below:Featured image via screen capture",0
7630, Supreme Court Just Delivered HUGE Win For Same-Sex Adoption (VIDEO),"In big news coming out of the Supreme Court, it was the opinion of the Court that a decision made by an Alabama court refusing to recognize a same-sex adoption will be overturned.When one half of an Alabama couple sought to have the adoption of her children be recognized in her state of Alabama, she was denied, even though the couple together had previously been granted approval by the state of Georgia. The couple has since split up, but both individuals are still parents to their children, as it would be with any heterosexual couple. However, the entire thing does start to get very confusing.Here s the run down via NPR: The two women in the case were together for 16 years, and they had three children conceived by assisted reproductive technology   an older daughter, now 13, and boy and girl twins, now 11. The actual names of the parents have not been revealed. They are identified in court documents by the initials V.L. and E.L.E.L. was the biological mother and V.L. subsequently adopted the children with her partner s explicit consent. The adoption was in Georgia, where both women appeared at a court hearing, and the final adoption decree recognized both as the children s legal parents.When the parents, now living in Alabama, split five years ago, however, the biological mother denied her former partner access to the children. The Alabama courts initially ordered a decree of shared custody, based on the Georgia adoption, but the Alabama Supreme Court overturned the lower court orders. The state Supreme Court said the Georgia courts had wrongly agreed to the adoption.The adoptive mother appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court, and on Monday the justices unanimously overruled the Alabama Supreme Court in a short, unsigned opinion. Now, all of that aside, let s just get it out there that this was a frickin terrible thing to do, and as a lesbian myself, to see a woman use anti-gay laws against her former partner as a means to try to keep her away from her own children is pretty much the lowest of the low. But I digress Thankfully, the Court sided with the mother who had adoptive rights in Georgia with the argument was brought up where according to the Constitution in Article IV, Section 1, where the Full Faith and Credit shall be given in each State to the public Acts, Records, and judicial Proceedings of every other State.  Basically, what s good for the goose, better damn well be good for the gander, and all states need to respect legal acts and proceedings from other states.  According to Cathy Sakimura of the National Center for Lesbian Rights: The Supreme Court s reversal of Alabama s unprecedented decision to void an adoption from another state is a victory not only for our client but for thousands of adopted families. No adoptive parent or child should have to face the uncertainty and loss of being separated years after their adoption just because another state s court disagrees with the law that was applied in their adoption. This decision could affect up to 30 different states, according to a brief that was  submitted by adoption and child welfare agencies. If we re going to have marriage equality, then that equality needs to reach across all levels of the law. This should include, but not be limited to, adoption, and worker s rights as well. No one should be fired for being gay, which currently is still allowed in 28 states. It s 2016, people, gay rights are human rights. There should be no difference whatsoever.Featured image via Wikimedia Commons",0
7631, Fox Goes Full-Stupid: Planned Parenthood ‘Does Late-Term Abortions’ To ‘Sell Baby Parts’ (VIDEO),"It s finally happened. The  baby parts  lie fabricated by two felons at the deceptively-named Center for Medical Progress has been mindlessly parroted throughout right-wing media that they are now claiming the women s health organization violates federal law by performing later-term abortions in order to sell  baby parts. On Monday, O Reilly Factor, the discussion turned to Hillary Clinton s statement on abortion at the Fox News Town Hall. Asked whether she supports late-term abortions, Clinton said that it should be an option if the life and health of the mother is at risk. While this would seem sensible to even most adamantly anti-abortion individuals, Fox contributor Katie Pavlich naturally idiotsplained that Clinton is as evil as the most infected cyst on Satan s behind. She was asked specifically about late-term abortion and there was an incredible poll that came out in January showing 80 percent of Americans, including 80 percent of women, think late-term abortion should be banned,  Pavlich said, ignoring that Clinton had explained that the exception only pertained to saving the mother s life.Juan Williams pointed out that Planned Parenthood is very popular in the United States, but Pavlich had a dirty little secret to drop for her incredibly stupid crowd:Does she have any evidence to back her claim? Of course not   numerous investigations failed to prove that Planned Parenthood had  sold  a single baby part. The organization did accept reimbursement for expenses, but it is a crime to actually profit from fetal tissue sale. After the Right foamed at the mouth over the fake  controversy  surrounding Planned Parenthood, the organization stopped accepting reimbursement altogether to appease the Stupid Part of America.While it is obvious that the gerbils that operate Pavlich s brain are having difficulties overcoming such a baffling level of stupidity, you might be wondering: is this a work slowdown, or did they just say f*ck it and go on strike? Does Planned Parenthood even perform late-term abortions?They don t. During the  baby parts  witch hunt,  Richards was clear that the organization does not perform late-term abortions. Politico reported at the time:When late-term abortions came up, Richards maintained that Planned Parenthood doesn t perform abortions past viability. But as the National Right to Life Committee points out,  Planned Parenthood clinics advertise and perform abortions well into the second trimester, even up to 24 weeks,  while research says about a quarter of infants born at 22 weeks survive.Richards professed to have never heard of a baby surviving an abortion, even though survivors have testified before Congress. She said a baby born alive after an attempted abortion should get medical care   a significant concession given people on her side of the abortion debate, including Barack Obama in Illinois, have previously opposed legislation to protect born-alive infants.That s right. Thanks to the continuous strain and lackluster benefits involved with operating Pavlich s thinkie-thingie and after numerous on-the-job deaths, the little critters in her head are refusing to work. Rumor has it that they are demanding more break time, paid lunch, a raise, and better healthcare, and that Pavlich refuses   the only explanation for the words that just came out of her mouth.Visibly perplexed that a human being can be this utterly ignorant, Williams shot back: This is exactly where I think Republicans go off the rails. The people who tried to argue that Planned Parenthood was selling baby parts, they got indicted. In Texas. In a red state. For violating people s rights and for making up stuff. Watch this monumental reminder that it s important to VOTE BLUE in November below:Featured image via screengrab",0
7632, How Donald Trump Is Inspiring Latinos To Destroy The GOP,"After they were crushed in the 2012 election, Republicans wrote a post-mortem document that advised the party to reach out to Latino voters more than any other group if they wanted to be a viable political entity. Romney lost Latinos by 44%,   an increase from the 2008 margin of 36%, which was a huge jump from John Kerry s advantage with those voters of only 9% in 2004. It was a disaster. And in that same time Latinos have gone from 8% of voters to 10% of voters in 2012, and that is expected to continue rising.And now along comes Trump. Thanks to his blatantly racist rhetoric and attacks on Latinos, it now appears that Latino immigrants are signing up to become American citizens just to stick it to the current Republican front runner.Over all, naturalization applications increased by 11 percent in the 2015 fiscal year over the year before, and jumped 14 percent during the six months ending in January, according to federal figures. The pace is picking up by the week, advocates say, and they estimate applications could approach 1 million in 2016, about 200,000 more than the average in recent years.While naturalizations generally rise during presidential election years, Mr. Trump provided an extra boost this year.Trump started his campaign by calling Mexicans drug traffickers and rapists, and it has only gotten worse as the national spotlight has shone on his campaign. He s gone after blacks, Muslims, women, and Asians among others. But his campaign of hate against Latinos has been non-stop, even targeting the current and former presidents of Mexico.And his target audience has responded. Trump fans have beaten up Latinos, while citing their hero for their motivation, as children have begun using Trump s rhetoric about building a wall on the southern border in order to insult Latino kids.The Republicans have turned a blind eye to racial intolerance for a long time, choosing to court the support of racists in close elections while pretending not to hear their hate speech. Trump s rise shows that it s too late, and that this strategy could now spell complete doom for the Republican Party. Featured image via Flickr",0
7633, West Virginia Republicans Declare War On Police By Letting Anyone Carry A Gun (VIDEO),"In a move that shows just how little Republicans care about the opinion and safety of police, West Virginia now allows ANYONE to carry concealed weapons WITHOUT a permit.The state had previously required people who want the ability to carry a concealed weapon to get a permit and undergo training so that they know how to use their gun and keep themselves and others safe around it.Republicans, however, chose to pass House Bill 4145 to do away with that program and the permit system for anyone over 21 years of age.Governor Earl Ray Tomblin had vetoed the Republican gun bill on Thursday for the second time in two years citing police concerns that the law could turn West Virginia into a land of gunslingers who have no clue about gun safety or how to use it. I just don t think it s in the best interest of the state of West Virginia to sign this bill,  Tomblin said.  When you re a police officer and you walk into a dangerous situation, you almost have to expect that everyone s carrying a gun. But in their gun crazy fervor, Republicans decided to override that veto on Friday, thus dismantling a critical program that had kept the mentally ill and convicted felons from getting concealed carry permits. Now they ll be able to carry their gun in public among innocent people who could end up being killed by someone who shouldn t be able to have a gun in the first place.As previously mentioned, West Virginia law enforcement officials strongly opposed eliminating the system that has served the state well over the years.According to West Virginia Metro News,Kent Carper, president of the Kanawha County Commission, was one of several officials who expressed concern about the bill that, he said, fails to protect police officers. Do we seriously want to send our law enforcement officials out and take away any chance they have to come home safely?  he said.  These men and women protect us. Over the last few years, Carper said more than 173 county residents were denied gun permits. (It was) for people that had mental problems, people that were convicted felons, drug dealers. Do we really want to take away a sensible protection for our law enforcement?  he said.County Sheriff Steve Tanner blasted Republicans for being irresponsible. I don t know how we as a society can say it s OK for someone to carry a concealed weapon with absolutely no training and expect if something bad happens, they re going to be the hero to rush in to protect their family or strangers. It has got to be the law that people are required to have training before they carry. Here s the report by 13 News via YouTube:Republicans literally just made it legal for mentally unstable people and convicted felons to carry concealed weapons and there is nothing police officers can do about it except wear bullet proof vests on a daily basis and hope they don t end up becoming a target or the victim of gunfire by an idiot attempting to be Rambo.Conservatives constantly claim that they support police officers. But now Republicans in West Virginia have made it clear that they don t care if police officers have a higher chance of being gunned down by a right-wing gun nut. They certainly don t care about the millions of innocent people who now have to worry about whether the rambling crazy person standing around is going to open fire any minute. Or worse, parents will now have to worry about their children in school because the new law allows concealed carry everywhere, meaning anyone could walk into a school with a gun and the police can t do anything about it until the shooting starts. And even if there is a so-called  good guy with a gun  around, it s very likely they won t be trained, which means innocent people could be killed by the wannabe hero.If you live in West Virginia, think about that next time you send your child off to school or watch your police officer spouse head off to work. Because the chances that you ll never see them alive again just skyrocketed. All because Republicans are gun crazy.Featured Image: Pixabay",0
7634, Rep. John Lewis Reminds Us All How Far We’ve Come With Chilling Bloody Sunday Tweets,"Anyone who knows anything about the Civil Rights Movement and its highlights knows about Bloody Sunday. It was the Sunday in the late winter/early spring of 1965 where many civil rights leaders and protesters lost their lives at the hands of law enforcement and others who wanted to keep racism alive on a legal level. Roughly 600 people assembled in Selma, Alabama after a march from Montgomery that Sunday   March 7, 1965   and today is the 51st anniversary of that March.Another widely known fact is that esteemed and celebrated U.S. Congressman John Lewis was there. Not only was he there, but he was beaten within an inch of his life for protesting for the civil rights of black people. Luckily, he survived to tell the tale, and has decided to tweet the timeline of what happened to him and others in the time leading up to that fateful day. Here are the highlights:I was arrested for the first time 56 years ago today during a nonviolent sit-in to protest segregated lunch counters pic.twitter.com/Xp2C9K8oLa  John Lewis (@repjohnlewis) February 28, 2016He reminded us what he and others went through so that EVERYONE has the right to vote:The Vote is precious, it is almost sacred. I gave a little blood to guarantee that every American has the right to vote. Do your part.  John Lewis (@repjohnlewis) March 1, 2016Jim Lawson friend, mentor was expelled from Vanderbilt 56 years ago today for his role in organizing the Nashville sit-ins #goodtrouble  John Lewis (@repjohnlewis) March 3, 2016Jim Lawson is one of the great unsung heroes of the Movement. He freed me. He liberated me. We all owe him a debt. pic.twitter.com/z2tXkjwiOm  John Lewis (@repjohnlewis) March 3, 2016It's good to be back in Selma one more time. https://t.co/eGB4W8jtW3  John Lewis (@repjohnlewis) March 6, 201651 years ago today, we said a prayer before setting out from Brown Chapel to march across the Edmund Pettus Bridge. pic.twitter.com/bt2gJFDuPb  John Lewis (@repjohnlewis) March 7, 2016At the apex of the bridge, high above the Alabama River, Hosea Williams asked if I could swim. I said no. #Selma51 pic.twitter.com/dlEXA8dJ6X  John Lewis (@repjohnlewis) March 7, 2016Major John Cloud said, ""This is an unlawful march. It will not be allowed to continue."" #Selma51 pic.twitter.com/Gw5pHCHJDM  John Lewis (@repjohnlewis) March 7, 2016The Major paused for a minute and then he said, ""Troopers advance!"" pic.twitter.com/rN8Br6bqse  John Lewis (@repjohnlewis) March 7, 2016I was hit in the head by a State Trooper. I thought I saw death. I thought I was going to die. #Selma51 pic.twitter.com/N4CDxv2vJG  John Lewis (@repjohnlewis) March 7, 2016I had a concussion there at the bridge, and I've never been able to recall how any of us made it back alive #Selma51 pic.twitter.com/TlJRfyrikO  John Lewis (@repjohnlewis) March 7, 2016Finally, at the end of his harrowing tweeted story, Rep. Lewis reminded us just how much things HAVE changed, with a powerful photo of himself embracing President Obama, the first Black president:When people tell me nothing has changed, I say come and walk in my shoes and I will show you change. #Selma51 pic.twitter.com/y4WWtowIeZ  John Lewis (@repjohnlewis) March 7, 2016And then, he made sure we realize just how very far we still have to go:We've come a great distance since Selma, but we still have miles to March if we are to build the beloved community. pic.twitter.com/Hb9c5M0pRV  John Lewis (@repjohnlewis) March 6, 2016Thank you, Rep. Lewis, for sharing your story, and for all you sacrificed and did for all of us. Also, thank you for reminding us that it s nowhere near over just yet.Featured image via Rep. John Lewis Twitter",0
7635, Bloomberg Has Some News About Running For President,"In an announcement that can put a lot of minds at ease, former Mayor of New York City Michael Bloomberg has decided that he will not be running for president. If he had decided to run, it would have undoubtedly split the vote, and could have in turn resulted in Donald Trump being president.In an editorial on Bloomberg View, the former mayor wrote: Over the last several months, many Americans have urged me to run for president as an independent, and some who don t like the current candidates have said it is my patriotic duty to do so. I appreciate their appeals, and I have given the question serious consideration. The deadline to answer it is now, because of ballot access requirements. But when I look at the data, it s clear to me that if I entered the race, I could not win. I believe I could win a number of diverse states   but not enough to win the 270 Electoral College votes necessary to win the presidency. Bloomberg Politics pointed out: In order to win, Bloomberg would have had to win pluralities in enough states to capture 270 electoral votes. The Constitution also provides for the election to be thrown into the House of Representatives to decide if no candidate can secure those votes, though that method has been used only twice, after the elections in 1800 and 1824. That body is controlled by a Republican majority. It would be almost certain the Republican nominated would ve won the presidency by any way the votes tallied.This was a very smart move on behalf of Bloomberg, putting country before his personal want to be the next Commander-in Chief. It s looking more and more like Trump will be the Republican nominee and Clinton the Democratic. Bloomberg seems to realize that in order for the Democratic candidate to win in the general election they are going to need all the votes they can get. Good on Bloomberg for this move.Featured image via Flickr",0
7636, Colin Powell Bashes GOP Candidates For ‘Belittling’ America With Their ‘Junior High’ Antics (VIDEO/AUDIO),"After witnessing disgraceful debate after disgraceful debate, former Secretary of State Colin Powell decided he couldn t stay silent any longer and shared a harsh message to the Republican candidates: Stop it.We all know that this particular election has deteriorated any and all respect the Republican party had left, but not many of us could say it as eloquently as Powell did in an interview on NPR s All Things Considered. While expressing his sentiments for the late First Lady Nancy Reagan, Powell mentioned that he felt she would be  disturbed  by the way the current GOP candidates claim to keep her husband s legacy alive.Powell should know   he was Reagan s national security adviser   and recalled that the former president acted with the utmost  civility  and lacked any of the  nastiness  the party s current presidential candidates possess. He called out the childish behavior and bickering that accompanies every single Republican debate, comparing them to The Jerry Springer Show: To stand there and do junior high school tricks on one another I think is belittling the country and belittling the office to which they are striving to gain. And I hope they start realizing as amusing as it might be, and this is realty television, even Jerry Springer thinks it s gone too far, and when Jerry Springer thinks you ve gone too far, my friends, you have gone too far. Powell was referencing the fact that Jerry Springer, who was the Democratic mayor of Cincinnati in the 1970s before hosting his drama-filled talk show, had recently decried the GOP debates and said that  Our show is a circus, but the presidency of the United States is not supposed to be a circus. Powell s words of wisdom to the GOP?:  We have to become more respectful of each other    a message that the candidates are probably not mature enough to internalize. You can listen to the NPR interview below:But Powell s message doesn t stop with the NPR interview. He also shared a similar message Monday morning with CBS, saying that the Republican  campaign has gone into the mud.  He said: The comments that they re making toward each other, the nastiness, it s running us into the ground. The foreigners of the world, looking at this, are distressed. You can watch that interview below:While Powell has supported President Barack Obama for both of his terms, Powell insisted that he is still a Republican but that he will  always vote for the person who I think is best for America at that time. Powell has criticized the GOP before. During Obama s first term, the former secretary of state said, In 2008, I spoke out against calling the president a Muslim as if that was a curse. I don t know anything in the Constitution that says Muslims are bad.  In 2012, Powell once again opposed a level of intolerance in some parts of the party   and there was. And I think there still is. Powell has not said that he is endorsing any specific Republican candidate at this time, or that he is criticizing any particular candidate with his remarks. Either way, his message certainly applies to every single one of them.",0
7637, This New Ad Gives Us A Horrifyingly Realistic Preview Of ‘President Trump’ (VIDEO),"Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump has redefined the election process. All predictions can be thrown out the window along with hope and human decency. In a decent society, if a presidential candidate was horrifically racist, they would be condemned. If they cursed and spoke in a totalitarian tone, they would be quickly ushered out of any hope of winning an election. However, this election seems different. People seem to be lining up behind Trump s racism, xenophobia and totalitarian rhetoric in huge numbers. Numbers reminiscent of another totalitarian regime that rose up in Europe during the 1930s and 40s.To be blunt, we cannot allow Donald Trump to win the Oval Office. Not only would it be bad for the nation, but it would be horrific for the entire world. Top foreign diplomats are already standing against Trump. They know how dangerous his rhetoric is.Trump s campaign isn t the joke campaign everyone originally made it out to be. No, he wants to be president, and that notion should scare the crap out of absolutely everyone worldwide. The leader of the free world can t be against half the people living in it.Showing Trump in his true form, American Future Fund put together an ad that puts Trump at the White House podium using his inflammatory and derogatory rhetoric, curse words and all. If seeing him at the podium doesn t light a fire under your ass to make sure he s never elected, then nothing will.Our nation is better than this. We re better than this. We cannot allow Trump to be President of the United States.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Thw6k1XNRtcFeatured image via image screen capture",0
7638, The World Speaks Out On Trump — Top Foreign Diplomats Unite Against Him,"Here s the thing about being the leader of the free world, you need to be able to get along with other nations and be able to work with them hand in glove. However, the world seems to be united against he possibility of Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump. Several foreign diplomats have issued statements declaring their concern.According to Reuters: Officials from Europe, the Middle East, Latin America and Asia have complained in recent private conversations, mostly about the xenophobic nature of Trump s statements, said three U.S. officials, who all declined to be identified. With one of the officials stating: As the [Trump] rhetoric has continued, and in some cases amped up, so, too, have concerns by certain leaders around the world. Reuters explains: U.S. officials said it was highly unusual for foreign diplomats to express concern, even privately, about candidates in the midst of a presidential campaign. U.S. allies in particular usually don t want to be seen as meddling in domestic politics, mindful that they will have to work with whoever wins.Senior leaders in several countries   including Britain, Mexico, France, and Canada   have already made public comments criticizing Trump s positions. German Economy Minister Sigmar Gabriel branded him a threat to peace and prosperity in an interview published on Sunday. With Trump s consistent racist and xenophobic talk and tactics that are borderline fascist and totalitarian, it is easy to see why so many worldwide are deeply concerned. One senior NATO official said: European diplomats are constantly asking about Trump s rise with disbelief and, now, growing panic. With the EU facing an existential crisis, there s more than the usual anxiety about the U.S. turning inward when Europe needs U.S. support more than ever. Just last week,  more than 90 Republican foreign policy veterans have pledged to oppose Donald Trump, saying his proposals would undermine U.S. security, in the latest sign of fissures between the Republican presidential front-runner and the party establishment. It has been clear that not only Democrats don t want Trump, but also Republicans and pretty much the entire world. We, as voters, need to make sure that Trump gets nowhere near the Oval Office, not even on a White House tour. He s dangerous and would not only tarnish the image of the United States at home and abroad, but may cause irreversible harm to diplomatic relations worldwide.Featured image: Gage Skidmore (flickr)",0
7639, Obama Just Got A Little More Than Pissed At Those Claiming He’s Soft On Wall Street,"When President Obama took office in January of 2009, the United States of America was on the brink of utter economic collapse. Jobs were being lost at the rate of 750K per month, but have made consistent gains throughout all of Obama s tenure as Commander-in-Chief. Part of bringing us back from the worst recession since the Great Depression included several Wall Street reforms and a Credit Card Bill of Rights.Clearly, we ve come along way from the financial crisis that took place from 2007-2009, and sure, we have a long way to go to ensure that sort of crisis doesn t happen again, but President Obama had some choice words for those who claim he s been soft on Wall Street.On Monday, while standing with Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen and several other top regulators, the president stated: I want to emphasize this because it is popular in the media and the political discourse, both on the left and the right, to suggest that the crisis happened and nothing happened. That is not true. I want to dispel the notion that exists both on the left and on the right that somehow, after the crisis, nothing happened. We did not just rebuild this, we rebuilt it better, and we ve rebuilt it stronger. According to Reuters: Obama said regulators appear set by the end of the year to have achieved most of the goals he set out for the financial system in 2008, when he first took office, although he noted there was still work to do on rules for hedge funds and asset managers in what he called the  shadow banking system. He then explained why that work hasn t been done yet: One of our projects is to make sure that we are covering some of those potential gaps. We may need at some point help from Congress to do that. Which is exactly right. In order for those gaps to be filled we need Congress to cooperate, and it s not enough to just blame leadership, we have to hold our Congresspeople accountable. That s why elections, and not just presidential elections, matter so much. Republicans want to weaken regulations and make it possible for the practices that caused the financial crisis to occur, to create a future crisis. If anything, we need to embrace and expand President Obama ideas and goals on Wall Street, not condemn them. He has every right to be mad at those claiming he s done nothing, because that s an outright lie.Featured image: White House flickr",0
7640, Holocaust Survivor Says Donald Trump Reminds Him Of Hitler And That’s Terrifying,"Donald Trump is literally scaring Holocaust survivors who are watching history repeat itself.There s a reason why the Bellamy Salute was abandoned by Americans in the 1940s. Fifty years after the salute was first used to pledge allegiance to the flag, Congress changed it because it had been adopted by the Nazis as a salute of allegiance to Adolf Hitler.As we all know, Hitler tried to exterminate the Jews by placing them in concentration camps such as Auschwitz, resulting in the mass murder of six million Jews during what became known as the Holocaust.If anyone knows what Nazi Germany and Hitler was like, it s Holocaust survivors, of which there only only a few hundred left.Abraham Foxman is one of those survivors. Though only a child at the time, Foxman was saved by his Catholic nanny. His parents, however, were forced to live in a ghetto. After being returned to his parents in 1944, Foxman and his parents came to the United States in 1950 to start fresh far away from war-torn Europe.But Foxman fears the United States is beginning to look a lot like Nazi Germany and it s mainly because of Donald Trump.After witnessing Trump call for thousands of supporters to raise their right hands to pledge allegiance to him during a recent rally in Florida, Foxman, the former head of the Anti-Defamation League, told the Times of Israel that the event disturbed him because it eerily reminded him of the Third Reich. As a Jew who survived the Holocaust, to see an audience of thousands of people raising their hands in what looks like the  Heil Hitler  salute is about as offensive, obnoxious and disgusting as anything I thought I would ever witness in the United States of America. We ve seen this sort of thing at rallies of neo-Nazis. We ve seen it at rallies of white supremacists. But to see it at a rally for a legitimate candidate for the presidency of the United States is outrageous. Foxman then discussed what Trump said after asking his audience to raise their hands. Don t forget you all raised your hands,  Trump said.  You swore. Bad things happen if you don t live up to what you just did. It is a fascist gesture,  Foxman said. He is smart enough   he always tells us how smart he is   to know the images that this evokes. Instead of asking his audience to pledge allegiance to the United States of America, which in itself would be a little bizarre, he s asking them to swear allegiance to him. He even threatens that if they don t, they will suffer and be punished. This is so over the top for a man who really doesn t come out of the underground. He is a man of the world. Even though he proclaims he doesn t know who David Duke was, or the other white supremacists, we know very well that he knows. So he s playing to an image. But despite his obscene extremism, which would have immediately disqualified candidates in the past, Trump is riding this wave of hate all the way to the Republican nomination. And the GOP establishment is so afraid of him actually being their nominee that there is talk of replacing Trump with someone else during the convention in July.As for Foxman, he is genuinely frightened of the possibility that right-wing extremism will keep growing and carry Trump to the White House. You can find some authoritarian, semi-fascist tinges in Southern politics during the segregationist era. But there s never been anything like this, and nothing on this scale. I am a Holocaust survivor and this made me quiver. What scares me is he s broken all these taboos and it s helped him. That frightens me. It frightens me that there are all these things that we ve worked so hard on, but one after another he breaks these taboos and the people applaud him and come back for more. Americans need to start taking this election seriously, because if Holocaust survivors are being reminded of one of the greatest evils this world has ever witnessed because of Trump s campaign to be the most powerful person on this Earth, we should be scared of him, too. It s time to wake up and end this nightmare.Featured Image: Twitter",0
7641," GOP Racism Backfiring Spectacularly, MORE Latinos Getting Their Citizenship – To Vote Against Trump","If Republicans thought a multibillion dollar 40 foot wall could keep Latinos from becoming American citizens, they may have completely overplayed their hand. Knowing the stakes are four years of an anti-immigrant bigot in the White House has led to many Latino immigrants who may have been putting off getting their citizenship to get it in a hurry. They want to ensure their voices are heard on election day.It should be noted that those seeking citizenship are mostly legal immigrants who are living in the United States. But unlike Republican voters, they understand that Trump s anti-immigrant message means bigotry towards all minorities, not just the undocumented. Indeed, many of Trump s supporters seem to have little clue that Latinos can be legal citizens. So if it comes down to Trump vs. the Democratic candidate, the choice is clear. As as one Latino resident told the New York Times while filling out her citizenship application: I want to vote so Donald Trump won t win. He doesn t like us. That s an understatement.You may remember that this is the exact opposite of what Republicans were hoping to achieve in 2016. Following the disastrous 2012 election which saw Republicans getting hammered by nearly every demographic but old white men, the party had hoped to soften its stance towards the growing Latino population. Instead, the toxic underbelly of the party rejected the cries for tolerance and ran head first towards the candidate they felt was most in line with white supremacy: Donald J. Trump. A lot of people are opening their eyes because of all the negative stuff Donald Trump has brought,  said Ms. Villegas s husband, Miguel Garf o, 30, who was born and raised in Colorado and came to the workshop here to help his wife and other family members become citizens this year. His parents came from Mexico in the 1980s and worked hard all their lives, he said, helping him create a construction company in Denver that now employs 18 people. Contrary to Mr. Trump s depiction, he said, none of his relatives have criminal records. [Source]And in a move that highlights how Democrats are embracing immigrants where Republicans are rejecting them, the Obama administration is working closely with nonprofit groups around the country to help put immigrants on the path to citizenship. This would seem like a good thing. After all, Republicans have repeatedly said they don t mind immigrants as long as they go through the proper channels. But that talking point seems to have gone up in flames. Rather than celebrate the White House s efforts, it has outraged Republicans, who have worked hard to prevent as many people   mostly among demographics that lean Democratic   from voting as possible.Despite these signs that Republicans are again on the path to an epic shellacking on election day thanks to their message of bigotry, Trump has the delusional sense that Latinos  love  him. He promised Republicans that he would  do really well with Hispanics.  He s nothing if not painfully optimistic.Featured image via U.S. Citizenship",0
7642, Rubio And Cruz Launch Weird Anti-Trump ‘Yoga’ Routine To Boost Donations (TWEETS/VIDEO),"The last GOP debate showed Republican presidential candidates Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz once again joining forces and ganging up on the party s disgraced front runner Donald Trump.What started off as a tense moment quickly diffused into a hilarious one as the two candidates made fun of Trump s ability to do yoga, considering how  flexible he is on issues and policies. Now, Cruz and Rubio are piggy-backing off this comedic moment to boost their fundraising efforts.This whole yoga incident started with Trump trying to interrupt Cruz (as usual), and Cruz putting him in his place by scolding him like a child: Donald, please, I know it s hard not to interrupt. Breathe, breathe, breathe. You can do it, breathe, I know it s hard, I know it s hard. Rubio couldn t resist jumping in and saying, When they re done with the yoga, can I answer a question? , prompting Cruz to add,  I really hope that we don t see yoga on this stage. Rubio went in for the closing punch and said, Well, (Trump s) very flexible, so you never know. All the while, Trump stood up on the debate stage looking like a complete idiot. It was possibly one of the funniest moments in the debate, and Cruz s campaign immediately decided they wanted to capitalize on it   by selling their very own branded yoga mat on the campaign s online store. Jeff Roe, Cruz s campaign manager, tweeted about the new mats to announce their arrival:TwitterRubio s campaign also did something similar to troll Trump. On the campaign s Twitter account, @TeamMarco advertised yoga pants that had the #DumpTrump hashtag on them. This product has since been deleted from Rubio s website, likely because of a caveat that p*ssed off supporters   fine print that read: Note: you won t actually get #DumpTrump yoga pants, but your $10 donation will help Marco stop him. TwitterThis is definitely the first time that yoga apparel has been a part of candidates  yoga campaigns, but considering how much the GOP has made this race an absolute circus, it s hardly a surprise.You can watch the moment where this whole anti-Trump  yoga  campaign originated from below:Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
7643, Republicans Block Young Voters From Participating In Ohio Primary,"In Ohio, the District of Columbia, and 21 other states this election year, 17-year-old citizens are allowed to vote in their state s caucus or primary as long as they turn 18 by the time of the general election in November.The rule allows thousands of 17-year-olds to participate in the Democratic process of voting for the very first time in their lives, but Ohio s Republican Secretary of State Jon Husted reversed the rule, revoking the rights of the 17-year-olds from voting in the state s primary on March 15th. It will be a key battleground state between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders in the Democratic Primary, and among the Republican presidential candidates, as current Ohio Republican Governor John Kasich will try to make his mark on the primaries by winning his home state.His argument was the primaries were electing delegates who will eventually elect a nominee for their party at a the party conventions later this year. Husted is distorting the language surrounding the rule which allowed 17-year-olds to vote early by alleging the 17-year-olds can nominate a candidate, but not elect one for office.The Secretary of State before Jon Husted, Jennifer Brunner, allowed 17-year-olds to participate in the 2008 primary election.  Ohio s pro-voter practice that welcomes young adults into the process has been on the books since 1981,  said State Rep. Kathleen Clyde (D-Kent) in a statement on Husted s recent change in the rules. Secretary Husted s latest underhanded, backroom attack on our most fundamental freedom should have us all concerned   about this and about his repeated claims he has made it easier to vote in Ohio   when in fact he continues to find ways to make it harder. This is not the first time Republican Ohio Secretary of State Jon Husted has tried to restrict voter access in Ohio. He was sued last year by students for restricting voter rights, put restrictions on early voting in the state, and continues to impede on voters  rights in the state of Ohio. The right to vote should be facilitated, not restricted, but leave it up to the Republicans to try to make distorted arguments and reasoning for making what should be a no brainer of opening up young people to the Democratic process and encouraging voting, an issue legislators have to waste time arguing over.Featured image via Addicting Info",0
7644, WATCH: John Oliver Presents GOP Debates As ‘Clowntown F*ck-the-World Sh*tshow 2016’,"John Oliver isn t known for mincing words when it comes to his description of Republicans. Last night was no exception as he left no hold barred when he discussed the insanity of the Republican candidates during the debates.His primary focus was on the man that has an uncanny tendency for outdoing himself for his insane behavior: Donald Trump. This time, however, he had a partner in Marco Rubio. After showing a clip of Rubio s  size-of-hands-equals-penis joke and Trump s response, Oliver said: That s right, Donald Trump just talked about his dick during a presidential debate. A dick which I presume looks like a Cheeto with the cheese dust rubbed off! Building on the momentum, Oliver included clips of many Republicans disavowing their support for Republican front runner Donald Trump, including commentator Doug Heye who called a possible Trump nomination,  an abortion on our own party and the end of the Republican Party as we know it.  Oliver said: Holy shit! You know they re getting desperate when they re just throwing in their favorite buzzwords. He won t just be an abortion, he ll be a sharia law wrapped in a Benghazi-themed gay wedding. Oliver then went on to give a reading of from former wife Ivana Trump s creepy thinly-veiled autobiographical soft-core novel For Love Alone, as read by actress Morgan Fairchild: In a moment, they were on the floor, on top of the mink coat, Katrinka s legs gripping his waist, as he moved deeper and deeper into her.  As Adam pulled away from her, his c*ck fell for a moment into the valley between her legs, leaving a smear of semen on the dark silk. He smiled with satisfaction.  Now you have to keep the coat. Watch the video here: Featured image via video screenshot.",0
7645, GOP Consultant Tells Black Reporter She Wants To Choke Him For Calling Out Republican Racism (VIDEO),"Yes, this actually happened.During a panel discussion on Meet The Press on Sunday, Detroit Free Press reporter Stephen Henderson explained how Republicans are not believable when they try to distance themselves from Donald Trump s racist hate speech because they have been doing it for decades in coded language and through the policies they push.There s also a substantive credibility problem here,  Henderson said. I mean, you have Republicans saying,  Trump is not one of us.  And yet, a lot of the things that he s saying are said in coded language by other Republicans. I wrote a column last week about Paul Ryan, for instance, saying,  This is not a party that preys on people s prejudices. And yet, you can think of lots of examples of Republicans doing exactly that, going back to Ronald Reagan, giving a states  rights speech in Neshoba County, Mississippi, in 1980. This goes on all the time in coded ways. Trump is saying some of these things more explicitly. And that makes them, you know, it makes you uncomfortable too And that made the old conservative white lady next to Henderson angry, so she expressed her desire to choke him because how dare he call out Republicans for being racist, and what about all those poor white supremacists who people unfairly refer to as bigots? No, it doesn t make me uncomfortable, it just makes me want to choke you because it s ridiculous and it s the creation of Trump,  said former Reagan and George W. Bush consultant Mary Matalin. Because conservatives do not consider themselves bigots or homophobes or misogynists, okay? What Cruz won at CPAC, and he won overwhelmingly, he is expanding the electorate by bringing like-minded libertarians, young people. Trump is expanding the electorate by getting people who are sick of being called bigots, because they want to secure the border. This is not a race race, okay? Let s not go there. Let that sink in for a second. Matalin actually expects us to believe that conservatives are not the racist, sexist homophobes that we all see them as   even though they have persecuted gays with anti-gay laws and hateful rhetoric, persecuted women with draconian laws meant to take away a woman s right to make decisions about their own reproductive health along with denying women pay equality, and have made it quite clear that they hate black people due to the way they have treated the first black president over the last seven years. And that s just the tip of the iceberg.Henderson laughed at Matalin s desire to choke him, however, it didn t sound like she was joking. But he responded anyway, in disagreement, of course. I think it is. I mean, I think there s no question that what he is doing is appealing to race. And Republicans have done that for a long time. Here s the video via Crooks and Liars.I m sure the Republican Party is pleased that at least one of their pawns is still brainwashed enough to believe that conservatives are somehow a diverse lot who care about the plight of women, minorities, and gay people even though the GOP has done nothing to help any of these groups. All they have done is attack them in an effort to take away their rights, and if they had their way, Henderson wouldn t be allowed to speak unless a white person gave him permission to do so. Featured image via screen capture",0
7646, God Created Our Hands? These Scientists Said He Did,"We all know that there is no way to be a scientist and a creationist at the same time. Science deals in facts, creationism deals in fantasy. So when the peer-reviewed, scientific journal PLOS ONE recently published a paper that claimed God designed our hands, the backlash was swift and loud.The paper was written by a team of scientists from China and Worcester, Massachusetts in order to better understand hand coordination. The abstract states, It is not understood which biomechanical characteristics are responsible for hand coordination and what specific effect each biomechanical characteristic has.  But the abstract also contained something that made PLOS readers (and, at least, one editor) so angry the journal eventually retracted the paper, it said:The explicit functional link indicates that the biomechanical characteristic of tendinous connective architecture between muscles and articulations is the proper design by the Creator to perform a multitude of daily tasks in a comfortable way.The body of the paper mentions  the Creator  two more times, and the conclusion said:In conclusion, our study can improve the understanding of the human hand and confirm that the mechanical architecture is the proper design by the Creator for dexterous performance of numerous functions following the evolutionary remodeling of the ancestral hand for millions of years.WOW. Pretty outrageous right? How in the world did a scientific journal allow that to slip by them? Well, that s exactly what PLOS  readers wanted to know. According to Vox:On the PLOS website, many angry readers called for the retraction of the article or an amendment of the line. Many of PLOS s own editors were fuming. One wrote in a comment,  The article should be retracted and the handling editor should be dismissed. As an Editor for this journal, I am appalled. However, the Chinese scientists who wrote the paper said it was all just a big misunderstanding. They claimed that a language barrier is really to blame and they didn t mean to imply that God is to thank for creating our hands. Ming-Jin Liu, the leader author of the study said that the team actually meant  nature.  She explained, Our study has no relationship with creationism. English is not our native language. Our understanding of the word Creator was not actually as a native English speaker expected We will change the Creator to nature in the revised manuscript. I can understand how that could happen, but that doesn t excuse PLOS ONE s editors for publishing something with such a glaring error. That absolutely should have been caught before it went up on the site and it really hurts the journal s credibility. We should be able to go to this site and know that we aren t going to come across any papers that imply creationism is legitimate. It s not, no matter how much the Christian-right fights to make it so.Featured image via Facebook",0
7647, Conservative Commentator Uses Nancy Reagan’s Death To Launch Racist Attack On Michelle Obama (TWEETS),"When news of the death of former First Lady Nancy Reagan came through on Sunday, the majority of liberals and conservatives put aside their differences to send condolences to the family and reflect on her contribution to the nation. But for one conservative commentator, it was the perfect opportunity to attack First Lady Michelle Obama.Conservative blogger and trollumnist Debbie Schlussel struck out on Twitter on Sunday with this pathetic assault on the First Lady.Nancy Reagan brought style & glamour back to the White House & Then Michelle Hussein Obama Took It Away. RIP #tcot #gop #NancyReagan  Debbie Schlussel (@DebbieSchlussel) March 6, 2016Schlussel is a what one might refer to as an ultra-Zionist, a hardliner on Israel who sees no issue with the collective imprisonment and punishment of non-Jews in Israel-Palestine in order to create Jewish Supremacist Apartheid state. To argue on behalf of human rights, democracy and pluralism of race and faith in Israel, is to Schlussel, an anti-Semitic attack.As an example of just how far Schlussel is willing to go to pursue that agenda, check out her response to the murder of American hostage Kayla Mueller by ISIS last year. In a blog post entitled Dead ISIS Hostage Was Jew-Hating, Anti-Israel Bitch,   she wrote that Mueller was:a Jew-hating, anti-Israel piece of crap So, it s poetic justice that Mueller spent her last months as a hostage of the Islamic terrorists with whom she thought she had some sort of kinship and sisterhood. And that she died in their hands.She concludes her piece with the sentence:Buh-bye, Kayla. Have fun with your 72 Yasser Arafats.What evidence was there that Mueller was  jew-hating ? The aid worker s list of previous humanitarian efforts included escorting Palestinian children to school in Hebron in the occupied West Bank, to protect them from violent Jewish-Israeli settlers. The video below is an example of the sort of violence from which the school children need protecting.  Schlussel s attacks on the First Lady and the President are based not on the fact that they are black, but on the presumption that they are Muslim, and that by virtue of being Muslim, they are evil, anti-Semitic and dangerous.Unfortunately for Schlussel, Twitter users were not up for drinking her particular brand of Kool Aid. One person summed it up quite neatly @DebbieSchlussel I bet Mrs. Reagan is spitting on your head from Heaven.  AAmom (@AVD911) March 6, 2016And another @DebbieSchlussel you're actually racist scum  dmbrandon!! (@juiceDiem) March 6, 2016While this person made a rather helpful suggestion.@DebbieSchlussel let some light into your hateful heart   Chuck Daly (@ChuckDaly) March 6, 2016Former Will and Grace star Debra Messing drew attention to Schlussel s tweet, condemning it openly.Shame on you https://t.co/GPNI7EbqBs  Debra Messing (@DebraMessing) March 6, 2016So Schlussel spent the rest of Sunday hate-tweeting Messing (getting no response) for the crime of speaking out against racism. Stay classy Schlussel. Featured image via Flickr",0
7648," Something Truly Extraordinary, And Refreshing, Happened During The CNN Democratic Debate (VIDEO)","The CNN debate between Democratic candidates Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders took place in Flint, Michigan on Sunday   and it featured something truly extraordinary and refreshing.The candidates spent their time presenting two compelling and different visions for America, based on aspirations and hope   and conducted a battle of ideas, not playground level personal insults. It was a perfect insight into what the Republican party is currently incapable of offering the American public.While the Republican debates have featured Donald Trump raving about the size of his own penis, the amount his opponent Marco Rubio sweats, and how Ted Cruz is a liar   Bernie and Hillary kept it classy.In terms of the topics discussed, the Republican debates have so far centered around fighting against immigration, guns, equal marriage, women s reproductive rights, and each other (allowing candidates to respond to whatever personal attacks have been made that week).By contrast, the Democratic debate was wide-ranging, covering a number of social, economic and political issues.Just some of the issues covered:On all of these issues, the candidates had compelling, and different, visions for America.On Flint, both candidates came out strongly on the side of the people. Sanders saying: Over the last several weeks, I had the opportunity to meet with a number of residents of Flint, had a town meeting in Flint, and I have to tell you, what I heard and what I saw literally shattered me and it was beyond belief that children in Flint, Michigan in the United States of America in the years 2016 are being poisoned. That is clearly not what this country should be about. And Clinton adding: The governor should resign or be recalled and we should support the efforts of citizens attempting to achieve that. But that is not enough. We have to focus on what must be done to help the people of Flint. In short, they didn t fight over the matters for which there was no principle at stake. They did not call each other liars or argue their care for the people of Flint was disingenuous just to score a point.But when it came to the issues that divide Sanders from Clinton, they went at it with everything in their arsenal.For example, on money in politics. The Sanders and Clinton campaigns are markedly different. One candidate (Sanders) relying on mass micro-contributions and rejecting the influence of big money backers, and Clinton (as the establishment candidate) doing the opposite. So when the matter arose, Sanders made a simple but powerful point: One of us has a super PAC. One of us has raised $15 million from Wall Street for the super PAC. One of us has given speeches on Wall Street for hundred of thousands of dollars. Conversely, on the issue of gun control   where Clinton is in favor if stricter gun controls while Sanders is more reluctant, it was Clinton who could landed a blow   again, on the issue, not the personal attributes of the candidate.Whichever candidate more closely represents your vision for America, the debate gave you a chance to fully explore their ideas, their policies, and what they would mean for American schools, jobs, daily lives, the economy and the environment. It was a reminder that America can do grown up politics, at a time when the Republican Primary has disintegrated into a frat-house brawl.You can watch the debate in full below:  Featured image via screenshot",0
7649, Bernie ROASTS GOP Mental Instability During #DemDebate With PERFECT One-Liner (VIDEO),"The Democratic debate on Sunday night was a little more tense than usual between candidates Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. The two went head to head and actually discussed important issues that needed to be talked about   unlike their Republican counterparts who choose to make every debate about things like discussing hand size and trading personal jabs.Truth be told, the Republicans left running lack any and all substance. They can t properly answer any questions on domestic or foreign policy, and most certainly are unable to be polite with one another.On the other hand, there are the Democrats. When they get a little loud debating back and forth, it s not about who has the biggest dick or who has the best polls numbers, they actually discuss policy, and are equally as passionate when defending their positions.However, there was a moment during the Democratic debate when the GOP debate was brought up. And while Hillary did point out how absurd they are, Bernie took it one further and laid down an absolutely spot-on one-liner.Sanders hilariously said: When you watch these Republican debates, you know why we need to invest in mental health. A truer statement has never been spoken. These Republican candidates are not only national embarrassment. They may be certifiably insane.Watch the hilarious moment here:.@BernieSanders:  When you watch these Republican debates, you know why we need to invest in mental health  pic.twitter.com/6wQjj2wnOv  POLITICO (@politico) March 7, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
7650," Twitter BLASTS Whole Foods For Yet Another Expensive, Unnecessary Product (TWEETS)","Whole Foods is a store that many people love. They love the organic food, the appearance of cleanliness and health, and the impeccable customer service. However, lately, this popular chain has found itself under fire for creating and marketing products that are excessively expensive and completely unnecessary   often at the expense of the environment due to the packaging, and at the expense of its customers  budgets.Everyone remembers the absolute shitstorm caused by the asparagus water last year that the chain sold   $6 a bottle for water with a couple of stalks of asparagus in it. Apparently, that did not teach the folks at Whole Foods a lesson, because they have now just had a similar reaction to another ridiculously expensive product   oranges that are already peeled, which are going for a whopping $6 a pound.Needless to say, the public has not taken kindly to this move, and many people have taken to Twitter to blast the chain. Here are just a few choice critical tweets:Firstly, it was pointed out how environmentally irresponsible this is:If only nature would find a way to cover these oranges so we didn't need to waste so much plastic on them. pic.twitter.com/00YECaHB4D  Nathalie Gordon (@awlilnatty) March 3, 2016 @awlilnatty Fucking hell. That makes me unbelievably angry actually. Talk about necessarily contributing to plastic taking over the planet.  Swiftie Be (@StephanieBe) March 3, 2016Others pointed out how ironic the chain s antics are, given its name:@ajdomanico @awlilnatty the irony of this being Whole Foods too  Mollie Goodfellow (@hansmollman) March 3, 2016Others made fun of the obviously lazy nature of the people who would purchase this:@ConorS @awlilnatty @MisterVivian next logical step: half eaten.    (@Jemppu) March 4, 2016It was pointed out that it could be ableist to assume that everyone can peel an orange; however, that point was quickly followed by the obvious fact that such people are not who Whole Foods is targeting. In fact, due to the fact that most disabled people are not exactly well-to-do, they likely could never even afford to shop at Whole Foods, making that particular point moot:@otherbecky @awlilnatty You know, as well as i do, that that is NOT who that is marketed towards. Also, the packaging is still superfluous.  Swiftie Be (@StephanieBe) March 4, 2016All of this and more is true here. This is simply outrageous. Shame on you, Whole Foods. You market to organic food-eating, hippieish, health conscious liberals, and you expect us to put up with this, to not notice? Well, for the second time in their price-gouging attempt, Whole Foods was forced to backtrack, calling the marketing and selling of these pre-peeled oranges a  mistake. @awlilnatty Definitely our mistake. These have been pulled. We hear you, and we will leave them in their natural packaging: the peel.  Whole Foods Market (@WholeFoods) March 3, 2016You re damn right it was a mistake. Hopefully you people have learned your lesson this time.Featured image via Flickr",0
7651, All The Proof You Need To Realize Hillary Is Not About To Let Wall Street Get Away With Anything,"Some, try as they might, to say that Hillary Clinton will be soft on Wall Street when the opposite is actually true. She knows just how much Wall Street greed had to do with the recession that began with the housing crisis in 2007. She also knows what we need to do to prevent such a crash from ever happening again. One also can t just throw blanket blame at any one company or bank or lender. The crash was a perfect storm of greed and taking advantage of those who simply didn t know better.Here are Hillary Clinton s remarks from December 5, 2007: Now, who s exactly to blame for the housing crisis? Well, that s always a question that the press and people ask and I think there s plenty of blame to go around.Responsibility belongs to mortgage lenders and brokers, who irresponsibly lowered underwriting standards, pushed risky mortgages, and hid the details in the fine print.Responsibility belongs to the Administration and to regulators, who failed to provide adequate oversight, and who failed to respond to the chorus of reports that millions of families were being taken advantage of.Responsibility belongs to the rating agencies, who woefully underestimated the risks involved in mortgage securities.And certainly borrowers share responsibility as well. Homebuyers who paid extra fees to avoid documenting their income should have known they were getting in over their heads. Speculators who were busy buying two, three, four houses to sell for a quick buck don t deserve our sympathy.But finally, responsibility also belongs to Wall Street, which not only enabled but often encouraged reckless mortgage lending. Mortgage lenders didn t have balance sheets big enough to write millions of loans on their own. So Wall Street originated and packaged the loans that common sense warned might very well have ended in collapse and foreclosure. Some people might say Wall Street only helped to distribute risk. I believe Wall Street shifted risk away from people who knew what was going on onto the people who did not.Wall Street may not have created the foreclosure crisis, but Wall Street certainly had a hand in making it worse. If anyone would bother to take the time to read her proposals to make sure a crash never happens again they d soon realize Hillary s not about to let Wall Street get away with anything. Here are her plans:She s also making sure to hold those who break the rules accountable:And if you re still not convinced, feel free to read a more comprehensive version of her plans HERE.We need comprehensive reform. We need solutions that will no only be strong, but long-lasting and unable to be manipulated by those still trying to scam others. Listening to people go after Hillary and say that she d be weak on Wall Street is not only misguided, but simply wrong. Even Elizabeth Warren supports Clinton s plan.Now, this isn t to put any other candidate down, or try to convince anyone who to vote for. This is simply just laying down the facts.Featured image via Instagram",0
7652, Woman Receives Death Threats After Photo Of Her At Sanders Rally Goes Viral (VIDEO/TWEETS),"An Ohio mother who attended a Bernie Sanders rally has been receiving death threats after a photo of her breast feeding her child went viral.Margaret Ellen Bradford of Barberton, Ohio was at the Sanders rally with her six-month-old daughter Harper. When Harper became hungry, Bradford was standing in the middle of the crowd very close to where Bernie was speaking so she couldn t easily move to a quiet corner to feed her. With Harper crying, Bradford decided to feed Harper in place.It wasn t until later that Bradford realized that someone had taken a photo of her, and it went viral as a result of the hashtag #BoobsforBernie.Some women were very supportive of Bradford:Good for her! Good for Bernie Sanders! Nothing wrong with breast feeding. The ""stigma"" is backwards. #BoobsForBernie https://t.co/d4a0WicGEr  Tina-Desiree Berg (@TinaDesireeBerg) March 4, 2016Frowning down upon breastfeeding is like frowning down on someone for sneezing from their nose. #BoobsForBernie https://t.co/Ae6hPxC1nc  L.e. Auna (@ECruzGreenPony) March 4, 2016Even Bernie Sanders tweeted his  support:As a society, we should never stigmatize women for breastfeeding in public. https://t.co/I08wzGrdWH  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) March 3, 2016Unfortunately, along with the support that one would expect a young mother to receive, came a barrage of hate mail and death threats. Bradford said:  Honestly, I ve cried three times already from some of the hateful messages I ve received, telling me my daughter should be taken away or that I m just an uneducated lowlife hick. There is no reason why something like this should be so unheard of in 2016, because that s what moms do. Society, catch up with biology. It s crazy to think that people are so uncomfortable with something so natural that they would send a young mother death threats. So-called conservatives, especially men in this case, continue to believe they have some right to tell women what to do with their bodies on issues like contraception, abortion, and breast feeding. They have no authority to do so.Watch the video here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHvLEWjkMNM?feature=player_detailpage] Featured image via video screen capture",0
7653, Joe Biden Told A Joke To President Obama About Ted Cruz That Will Have You On The Floor (VIDEO),"Ted Cruz isn t the most likeable guy out there   you ve probably heard this before. And it s not just the media being the media trying to make him look bad   there s a reason Senator Cruz has virtually no endorsements from any of his fellow senators in Congress. It s because the accusations are true; not that many people like the guy, plain and simple.That being said, Vice President Joe Biden made everyone s night (at Ted Cruz s expense) at the Annual Gridiron Dinner on Saturday when he capitalized on this sentiment by telling the crowd a joke he told to President Obama behind closed doors: Ted Cruz? An inspiration to every kid in America who worries that he ll never be able to run for President because nobody likes him.I told Barack, if you really, really want to remake the Supreme Court, nominate Cruz. Before you know it, you ll have eight vacancies. That s not the only joke the vice president made, but is probably the most memorable. The event, held in Washington D.C. is a place where the press and politicians come together every year and, basically, just roast each other. It s supposed to be in good fun   in much the same way you re used to at the annual White House Correspondents Dinner.Biden also took a few jabs at Trump, as well. One made fun of former Speaker of the House John Boehner s fake (orange looking) tan: Donald has attacked every person of color   except John Boehner. Chris Christie (if you ve been keeping up with the news) has been getting some serious flak for the way he looked standing behind Donald Trump during a press conference last week, so Biden joked about that, as well. Chris Christie swears he wasn t being held captive by Trump, but just take a look at that FACE (in the video below). But folks, on a serious point, Trump said he likes  people who don t get captured. What a terrible thing to say about my friend and a genuine war hero, John McCain. So tonight I call on Donald Trump to be a man of his word   and release Chris Christie right now. Vice-President Biden is a man known for saying what s on his mind. Sometimes he gets in trouble for it but most of the time he just makes us laugh. That joke about Ted Cruz was a good one.Featured image via Wikimedia.",0
7654," Former Democratic Gov. Tells Snyder EXACTLY What He Needs To Do In Flint, Michigan","Michigan s former Democratic governor, Jennifer Granholm, gave Rick Snyder some sharp advice on Saturday.During an interview over the phone, Granholm told The Detroit News that she believes Michigan s governor, Rick Snyder, should move to the troubled city of Flint, Michigan. Further, Granholm says: I think who s ever going to fix this problem should move to Flint and live in one of those houses so that they can understand the urgency with which the citizens of Flint are operating, that they feel it so deeply because every single day they have to deal with water that has been poisoned. Granholm has yet to demand that Snyder resigns over the Flint water crisis. She does very carefully say that  someone  needs to get the job of fixing Flint s water system fixed, even if Snyder is not the person to do it. I would want to see pedal to the metal, hair on fire action in Flint. And I think (Snyder), right now, can do that. But if not, then I think somebody should come in who can look at   as the emergency that it is and move heaven and earth to get those pipes replaced. Many politicians and celebrities have either called for Snyder to resign or for his arrest. Democratic presidential primary candidate Bernie Sanders,has called for Snyder to resign immediately. With the Michigan primary only days away, Sanders has reiterated this call during campaign events in the state. During a recent campaign event at Macomb Community College in Warren, MI, Sanders told the crowd: I think the governor should do the right thing and resign. So far, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has been very critical of the Snyder administration. Though, she has yet to call for him to resign.The topic is sure to come up during the presidential debate that will be held on Sunday night in Flint. Featured image via Flickr [CC BY 2.0], via Wikimedia Commons ",0
7655," Shortly Before Her Death, Nancy Reagan Said She Was Ashamed Of The GOP (VIDEO)","On Sunday, the nation learned that former first lady Nancy Reagan, 94, had passed away at her Los Angeles home from congestive heart failure. Nancy was the wife of Republican hero Ronald Reagan and after his death in 2004, she became an outspoken activist for a cure Alzheimer s disease and huge beacon of support for families whose loved ones suffered from the degenerative illness. While Republican presidential candidates have expressed grief over her passing, her longtime friend, Larry King, said he is relieved that she will not be here to see the end of the GOP s disgusting presidential race.During an interview with CNN s Wolf Blitzer, King said: I ll miss her. I love socializing with her, I love gossiping with her, I love talking with her. If there s one thing glad about this,  he added.  She isn t around to see the end of this political year. Because she was very upset by it. We can understand why she would be upset. The candidates running for the Republican nomination have constantly tried to equate themselves with her husband. Even though a number of his children have spoken out and said that Reagan would be appalled by the comparisons.While these candidates, like Ted Cruz and (shudder) Donald Trump, name drop the former president during every GOP debate, they behave like schoolyard bullies and pledge to never compromise with Democrats. Reagan may have had faults (A LOT of them) but he knew how to compromise and he never, ever behaved the way the current Republican Party does.As a matter of fact, if Ronald Reagan was a candidate in this race, the others running would probably call him a RINO and a traitor. And they damn sure wouldn t support any amnesty plan for undocumented immigrants (like the one he is well-known for).The current GOP is so gross that when news of Nancy s passing spread, their voters took it as on opportunity to attack the current first lady, Michelle Obama.With all of this, is it really any wonder she was upset?Watch:https://youtu.be/TZUVIbWbT2w Featured image via video screenshot",0
7656, Two Injured During Shoe-Sale Shootout At Suburban MN Mall (VIDEO),"Two people were injured during a shoe-sale shootout at the Brooklyn Shopping Center, in Madison, Minnesota on Saturday.According to witnesses, there was an altercation between customers who were waiting in line to purchase a pair of Air Jordans, which were on sale at the mall s Foot Locker.The New York Daily News reports that about sixty customers turned out for the shoe sale, but the store only had ten pairs of Air Jordans in stock.A brawl that apparently started after someone was accused of cutting in front of another customer in line, escalated into a shooting that injured two people. There was a little altercation over the shoes about someone in line. It was a lot of commotion. I don t know who was shooting, but somebody started shooting like six times,  said Latoya Sims, another witness to the shooting.The  little altercation  quickly escalated into a life-or-death scenario. According to police, at least a dozen shell casings were collected from the scene. It was absolutely crazy,  Latrissa Favorite, who was at Foot Locker at the time of the shooting, told WCCO-TV.  I heard police screaming  Get down, get down. Favorite went on to say, It makes you sad for the people and the mentality and mind frame that we have, that we have to kill somebody. That nobody s life is valued anymore. Saturday s shoe-sale shootout is just one of many recent incidents in which a gun was used as a means of settling what should have been a minor dispute.In January, Addicting Info reported on the deaths of a father and son at a gun store in Mississippi. The pair was killed after an argument over a $25 repair bill escalated into a shootout between two fathers and their two sons.In December we reported on a shootout between a Florida pastor and a church maintenance worker, that took place inside the Living Water Fellowship Church in Osceola. The maintenance worker was seriously injured during the gunfire exchange, which began after the pastor threatened to fire him.These kinds of incidents are much more common than you might think.Research conducted last year by Duke University Professor, Jeffrey Swanson, found that the vast majority of the 11,000 or so gun homicides that take place every year in the U.S., happen during an argument.As this detailed report from NCR points out, America s gun problem is twofold.First, there are a growing number of Americans who have serious anger issues. Second, there are a growing number of Americans with access to guns at all times, and in almost all places.When you combine angry people with accessible weapons, people get killed during trivial arguments.According to police, both victims of Saturday s mall shootout were treated for injuries that were not life threatening.They were lucky. Sadly, at least 11,000 U.S. citizens will not be fortunate enough to walk away from a shooting this year.Watch the video below, courtesy of WCCO in Minnesota.Image credit: video screen capture via WCCO in Minnesota",0
7657, Chelsea Handler Has Hilarious Proposition For Donald Trump And His ‘Large Hands’ (TWEET),"If there s one person in this world that clearly gives no f*cks about what people think of them, it s Chelsea Handler. Her no-nonsense humor is not only hilarious, but often times brutally honest. She ll say what most people are thinking, but just don t have the courage to say out loud.During this election cycle she s definitely let her voice be heard regarding the candidates running for president, in particular, the Republicans. Most recently, she s gone after Trump, tweeting:hey @realDonaldTrump. Do you want to come over and watch #chelseadoesracism with me? you can even wear a white hat I'll have made for you.  Chelsea Handler (@chelseahandler) March 2, 2016Clearly going after the Republican frontrunner s racism and his band of merry racist morons.Now, Handler is going after Trump and his  hands,  which every one clearly knows is code for dick size. She goes for the jugular and hilariously tweets out:It stopped raining! Now what? @realDonaldTrump, do you want to come over and swing our dicks around my backyard?  Chelsea Handler (@chelseahandler) March 6, 2016As recently as last night during a press conference after his Super Saturday victory, Trump was going on and on and on about how big his hands were. He said: So I just simply held up the hands. These are very strong hands. And they re fairly large, actually. Handler, clearly noticing this coded language and how pathetic it is for someone to try to prove themselves in this manner, called him out perfectly. Also, just as an FYI to Trump, if you re trying so desperately to prove your  hand  size and manhood, it likely means you re overcompensating for something.Oh, and guess what? Dick size has nothing to do with running a country. In fact, you don t even need one.Featured image: Twitter/flickr",0
7658," George Takei Just BRILLIANTLY Destroyed Trump’s Rambling, Insane Interview Technique (IMAGE)","If there s one thing that s certain about Donald Trump   you know, aside from his racism, misogyny, Islamophobia, and fascist tendencies   it s that almost every speech and interview sounds basically the same. Trump loves to bloviate but rarely provides his listeners with actual ideas, facts, or even an answer to questions he is asked.George Takei decided to have a little bit of fun with this idea in  a Facebook post, providing a Trumpanese answer to a rather simple question:  What is two plus two.  Takei perfectly captures The Donald s rather impressive ability to ramble endlessly about nothing while avoiding providing an actual answer to even the simplest of queries. I have to say a lot of people have been asking this question. No, really. A lot of people come up to me and they ask me. They say,  What s 2+2?  Takei writes.  And I tell them look, we know what 2+2 is. We ve had almost eight years of the worst kind of math you can imagine. Oh my god, I can t believe it. Addition and subtraction of the 1s the 2s and the 3s. Takei continues, adding: Its terrible. Its just terrible. Look, if you want to know what 2+2 is, do you want to know what 2+2 is? I ll tell you. First of all the number 2, by the way I love the number 2. It s probably my favorite number, no it is my favorite number. You know what, it s probably more like the number two but with a lot of zeros behind it. A lot. If I m being honest, I mean, if I m being honest. I like a lot of zeros. Except for Marco Rubio, now he s a zero that I don t like. Though, I probably shouldn t say that. He s a nice guy but he s like,  10101000101 , on and on, like that. This Trump  impression  is spot-on. Takei even manages to work in Trump s penchant for including not-so-subtle jabs at his opponents. His depiction of The Donald s modus operandi is so clear, you can almost hear the racist 2016 hopeful s voice as you read it.Good job, Mr. Sulu!Featured image via screengrab",0
7659, Romney Reminds America Why They Didn’t Elect Him: Trump’s Obama Birtherism No Big Deal (VIDEO),"Having been quiet since his presidential campaign went down in flames in 2012, Mitt Romney is suddenly back in the spotlight after forcefully condemning current Republican front-runner Donald Trump. But while it s great that Romney sees the inherent bigotry in Trump s message and wants to condemn it, there s just one problem: Romney loved Trump back when he was running for president.Or as Trump himself recently crudely put it: He was begging for my endorsement. I could have said,  Mitt, drop to your knees,  and he would have dropped to his knees. He was begging. True. He was begging me. In an interview with CNN s Gloria Borger, Romney was forced to defend his earlier opportunistic praise for Trump   and things quickly went off the rails.When Borger mentioned Trump s endorsement, Romney said at the time Trump didn t seem that bad. Like a good journalist, Borger didn t let him off the hook. Instead, she noted that there were already signs that Donald Trump was a world-class scumbag. After all, he was the  godfather of the Obama birther movement. Romney, in the sort of hypocrisy he became known for during his election campaign, managed to remind us why we didn t vote for him in the first place. Trump s birtherism wasn t a big deal, but attacking Megyn Kelly is.Well, no. I think that s a very different thing than calling Mexicans rapists, than saying that Muslims are not going to be allowed into the country as immigrants, than mocking a disabled reporter, going after women and saying oh, she asks tough questions because she was in her menstrual cycle is highly offensive. I said I disagreed with him. There are political views about one another where we re going to disagree, but what he has said during this campaign, that George W. Bush is a liar, that John McCain isn t a hero. I mean, he said some things that are completely, totally outrageous.So when he makes racist attacks against Obama during Romney s presidential campaign, Romney has no problem, but now that he is undermining the GOP s effort to appeal to minorities or calling George W. Bush a liar, suddenly Romney is feeling very sanctimonious.It was no secret that Mitt Romney spent much of his campaign publicly finger wagging at his voters for obsessing over Obama s birth certificate, while at the same time playing up the controversy at every opportunity. In August of 2012, Romney even took it a step further and stoked the flames himself with this appalling  joke. I love being home, in this place where Ann and I were raised. Where both of us were born No one s ever asked to see my birth certificate. They know that this is the place that we were born and raised. So when Romney says he disagrees with Trump  now  on the issues, it s only because four years ago, Trump s disgusting racism could be used as a means to an end   whip up the racists and get them to the polls. It s hard to imagine a person having less credibility on the issue of integrity than Mitt Romney.Watch the interview below via CNN (Birther comments begin around the 4:20 mark)Featured image via CNN",0
7660, Watch Donald Trump Vow To Radically Expand Torture Laws As President (VIDEO),"Donald Trump sat down for an interview with on CBS Face the Nation, where the Republican presidential primary front-runner fully embraced torture as a tool to fight terrorism. During the interview, Trump repeatedly used the racist term  savages. Before that, though, Trump described himself as a great unifier of the people, saying: I mean, I get along with people. I m a unifier. I m very much a unifier,  Trump told host John Dickerson.  And maybe people don t see that. But they will see that. We re not playing by   we are playing by rules, but they have no rules. It s very hard to win when that s the case,  Trump said. Isn t that what separates us from the savages?  Dickerson asks in response. No, we have to beat the savages,  Trump replied.  Obviously, all you have to do is take a look at what s going on. And they re getting worse. They re chopping, chopping, chopping, and we re worried about waterboarding. I just think it s   I think our priorities are mixed up. Trump insisted that he would only advocate torture that is permitted under the law in the United States. Then, like any good potential dictator, he said that laws regarding torture must be expanded. We have to play the game the way they re playing the game. You re not going to win if we re soft and they re, they have no rules. Now, I want to stay within the laws. I want to do all of that, but I think we have to increase the laws because the laws are not working,  Trump said.This interview shows that he is trying to appeal to the most barbaric bloc of Republican voters. The type of people who would gladly have the president drop a few nuclear bombs on civilian populations in the middle east.Torture does not work. If Trump had any actual understanding of intelligence gathering, he would know that. However, Trump and his followers appear to be impervious to facts, so it isn t all too surprising that they would advocate such tactics.You can watch the interview in full below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
7661, Fox News Humiliates Mitt Romney For Flip-Flopping On Donald Trump (VIDEO),"Mitt Romney looked like a defeated man too embarrassed to admit that the rise of Donald Trump is partly his fault.During an appearance on Fox News Sunday, the former Republican presidential nominee  was forced to confront the reality that accepting Donald Trump s endorsement in 2012 legitimized the current Republican front-runner among conservative voters.Fox host Chris Wallace mentioned that Romney  had a very different view of him four years ago when he endorsed you,  and proceeded to remind Romney of that endorsement by playing video of him accepting it and touting Trump as a successful businessman in the process.Romney responded by saying that just because someone endorsed him doesn t mean he thinks they can be president.  Sixty-one million people voted for me,,  Romney said.  I don t think all 61 million ought to be president of the United States. But Wallace hit Romney like a ton of bricks by pointing out that Romney is flip-flopping, a charge that hurt Romney repeatedly during the 2012 Election.As Romney sat and listened in defeated silence, Wallace told him that most of the business failures Romney listed during his anti-Trump speech actually occurred prior to 2012 when Romney praised Trump s business experience and knowledge of how the economy works. But you were talking at the time about his extraordinary ability to create jobs, his understanding of the economy. It s not like   Donald Trump   everything you believe he did wrong has happened in the last four years. A lot of those business failures you talk about happened before 2012. Before 2012, he was making the birther argument that President Obama needed to show his birth certificate because he wasn t born in the United States. I guess part of the question is, by legitimizing him back then, were you part of the reason he is where he is now? Rather than answer for the flip-flopping, Romney attacked Trump and his policies, saying that they aren t good for America or the Republicans Party.Here s the video via YouTube.Sorry, Mitt. It s a little too late to come out against Trump. Like, four years too late.Featured image via screen capture",0
7662, Watch Donald Trump Go Full Fascist With This Weird Pledge (VIDEO),"Donald Trump, the Republican presidential primary front-runner and likely nominee, is under fire for making his supporters raise their right hands and pledge to vote for him. The pageantry of the pledge has led people to draw comparisons between Trump and Hitler.The pledge became known to the larger public after a campaign rally in Orlando, Florida. The language that Trump used during the event is worthy of analysis. During the campaign event, Trump asks his supporters to raise their right hand. Trump then tells them to pledge to  vote for Donald J. Trump for president.  Trump concludes the pledge, saying: Don t forget you all raised your hand. You swore. Bad things happen if you don t live up to what you just did. You can watch video footage of the event below:""Raise your right hand "" Donald Trump makes FL crowd swear they'll show up to vote for him pic.twitter.com/9M2QRzrbpW  Michael C. Bender (@MichaelCBender) March 5, 2016So once again, it appears that Trump is using intimidation tactics, to crystallize support among his followers. Trump has previously used similar vague threats while speaking of those who are working against his campaign.After finding out that Marlene Ricketts had donated money to a Super PAC that is working against his campaign, Trump went to Twitter where he called the out the Ricketts family (misspelling their name), where he said: They better be careful. They have a lot to hide. Former federal prosecutor Arthur Ferguson has some thoughts on the legality of the matter which you can read here.Trump s campaign has prompted many think pieces on the rise of authoritarianism in the United States. While Trump s campaign may be the one of the loudest examples of right-winger s recent zeal for authoritarian figures and policies, it is by no means the only or even best example.Let s look at what has been going on in Michigan under the administration of Rick Snyder. Snyder and Trump could not be farther apart in terms of how they present themselves to public. Though they are both extreme authoritarian figures. The heart of the Flint water crisis is Michigan s emergency financial manager law. The law allows for the Snyder administration to erode a local government s ability to do anything. Enough voters gleefully cast their ballot in Snyder s name believe in his cause elect him twice. The results of this erosion of democracy are now known internationally.Given the fact that Trump is polling very well in Michigan, Trump will likely win Michigan s primary in a landslide. That also means we can assume that Snyder and Trump have a substantial overlap in their fan base. So what we are seeing right now is the rise of a right-wing that is both willing to respond positively to a presidential candidate who is happy to make vague threats towards them at a campaign rally, while willing to suspend their voice in local political affairs.This should lend more credence to the idea that Trump s supporters are supporting a fascist candidate, more than any endorsement from a has been hate preacher should. There are many interpretations of what a fascist and fascism are.  I prefer the interpretation that a fascist society is one where the means of production have been seized and perverted into a means of destruction. Or in other words, it is when a society s economy commits suicide. In Flint, and elsewhere across the U.S. we have seen that the right-wing is willing to destroy entire populations in the name of trickle-down economics while handing over their political agency to an authoritarian figure.Featured image from video screen capture via Twitter ",0
7663, Costco Raises Minimum Wage For Workers As Republicans Continue To Do Nothing,"Costco cares more about the American workforce than Republicans do.A few years ago, Costco answered the call to help struggling workers by raising the wages of their own employees to $12 an hour, nearly a full $5 increase above the federal minimum wage that House and Senate Republicans refuse to raise for the rest of the American people.The results swiftly proved that rewarding your employees and increasing their morale is a good business decision that propels a company forward and turns it into a more competitive one.As other corporations like Walmart saw sales sink, the quarterly income of Costco soared ahead.And now Costco is betting on their employees again by raising their wages by another dollar per hour.Costco announced the wage hike on Thursday in a move that could affect a large number of the 117,000 employees who work for the company.The move not only appears to be Costco s way of rewarding their employees, it appears to also be an answer to Walmart s grudging decision to raise wages for their own workers earlier this year.By raising wages for their own employees, Costco is competing with Walmart to draw new applicants as well as retain current workers.But Costco, unlike Walmart, has always treated their employees with dignity and respect.According to the Huffington Post,Costco has a reputation for being one of the better low-wage employers. It pays slightly more than its competitors (even before the wage increase), closes its doors for major holidays like Thanksgiving and Independence Day and provides health benefits to most of its employees, even those who make an hourly wage.Meanwhile, Republicans in Congress continue to refuse to raise the federal minimum wage to help all American workers across the nation, which has resulted in states and cities raising wages on their own to address the struggle minimum wage workers have faced for decades.Most recently, the state of Oregon passed the highest minimum wage in the nation. In the next few years, Oregonians can expect to make up to $14.50 per hour, which is double the federal minimum wage.Now if only Republicans would stop obeying orders from their corporate masters, perhaps the rest of the American people could get the raise they need to take better care of their families without having to struggle near as much. Alas, it will probably require replacing them with Democrats to make it happen.Featured image from Wikimedia",0
7664, SNL Absolutely DESTROYS GOP Candidates In Cold Opening (VIDEO),"There was plenty of crazy material from the Republicans this week and in order to cover as much of their embarrassing antics as possible, NBC s Saturday Night Live broke with their usual format and jammed four openings on their show last night. The result was a series of hilarious and stinging skits.It all began with Beck Bennett as Jake Tapper when he hosted the week-in-review montage which highlighted Darrell Hammond as Donald Trump telling the world how great he his with a bewildered looking Chris Christie, played by Bobby Moynihan, staring in the background. Hammond-as-Trump said: I really am running the best campaign, aren t I? The media s saying they haven t seen anything like this, not since Germany in the 1930s. I mean, everyone loves me: racists, ugly racists, people who didn t know they were racist. Then it was the hilarious Kate McKinnon playing Hillary Clinton giving a victory speech for her post-Super Tuesday victory: Thank you for trusting that I, Hillary Clinton, can bring this country together. Just like I brought these ten black people and one Muslim person together behind me tonight for this speech. Then it was Bennett-as-Tapper interviewing Ted Cruz, played by Taran Killam, but not before a warning for the audience that they were about to see Ted Cruz s  whole face.  Asked about Thursday s GOP debate, Killam-as-Cruz said: The debate was so much fun. I talked policy, I laid out my plan for America, and right at the end I ate a tiny, little white booger off my lip. Then finally Mitt Romney, played by Jason Sudeikis, joined Bennet-as-Tapper to discuss Donald Trump: For the last nine months, I ve sat down and watched Donald Trump say something every day that was either racist or sexist. And we in the GOP  we do not say racist and sexist things; we imply them subtly over decades and decades of policy. Watch the clip here:Featured image via screenshot",0
7665, Bernie Sanders Compares Republicans To Children Having A Food Fight (VIDEO),"He s not wrong.Demonstrating that he is the only adult in a campaign season full of Republicans, Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders ripped the remaining members of the GOP field for acting like children instead of adults who want to be the leader of the free world. What we are seeing in the Republican presidential process is like a sixth grade food fight that you see in a cafeteria,  Sanders said during a stop in Michigan. I think that is not what the American people want. The American people know we have some serious problems and they want to hear some serious solutions to those problems, not vicious personal attacks,  he continued.Sanders went on to shift his focus from the Republican toddlers to the real problems Americans face such as income inequality, corporate greed, and mass imprisonment.Later on, the Vermont Senator blasted Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, and Marco Rubio again for acting like little kids instead of responsible adults. They really do sound like sixth-grade food fights, where amazingly enough adults in their 50s and 60s are throwing food at each other and cursing at each other and making fun of each other and insulting each other,  Sanders said.Here s the video:And Bernie s assessment of the GOP is absolutely spot on. During the last Republican debate, Trump, Rubio, and Cruz put on a circus as they insulted each other. Trump even went so far as to talk about how big his penis is.It s been even more embarrassing on the campaign trail as Rubio has suggested that Trump has a small penis because he has small hands and even suggested that Trump wet himself during the debate. Trump has hit Rubio by mocking his need to quench his thirst while delivering the Republican response to the State of the Union Address a few years ago.It s far from the civility one expects from people who are trying to convince American voters that they are the right person to lead the country and solve problems. But the Republicans are too busy trading insults and talking trash instead of focusing on issues that Americans truly care about.Meanwhile, Democratic candidates Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton are taking this election seriously, proving that either one of them would be a good President of the United States who will be respected by the world instead of being laughed at and treated like a joke.Featured image via Bernie Sanders Campaign Website",0
7666, Fox News’ Attack On Bernie Sanders Hilariously Blows Up In Their Faces (VIDEO),"On February 25th, Fox News Business brought on the President and Founder of the Human Rights Foundation, Thor Halvorssen, to discuss Democratic Socialism.Fox News  clear intention was to provide supportive evidence to the pejorative narrative that Bernie Sanders is a socialist, and that socialism is similar to communism, in order to scare naive viewers into not supporting Bernie Sanders. Senator Sanders wants America to be a socialist country and even liberals are blasting his agenda,  said host of Fox Business Network s Intelligence Report, Trish Regan, in her introduction of Halvorssen.Halvorssen begins by discussing some of the various definitions of socialism, describing the academic socialism as nearly synonymous with communism, and the differences between countries with socialist governments, like Sweden and Denmark, and socialist authoritarian governments, like Venezuela.Then Thor Halvorssen drops a bomb on Fox News.  I actually made the largest contribution allowable to the campaign of Bernie Sanders,  he said. Halvorssen then cited the millions of dollars in donations Hillary Clinton received from countries who notoriously violate human rights, such as Saudi Arabia, Oman, Algeria, Bahrain, and Qatar. Before getting cut off by Ragan, Halvorssen slammed Trump for his embrace of Russia s dictator-like President, Vladimir Putin. I d rather have a democratic socialist than a supporter of dictators in the White House,  Halvorssen concluded.Halvorssen s interview helped dispel some myths surrounding Bernie Sanders candidacy. Sanders  biggest obstacle to the White House, then, is the lack of public understanding of what  democratic socialist  means. You can be sure that the big-money forces he attacks will do their best to sow confusion over that term, especially by only using the word ;socialist,'  wrote Pulitzer Prize winning journalist, David Cay Johnston, in a recent article for the New York Daily News.  If Sanders wins the Democratic Party nomination, we can expect all sorts of television commercials wrongly describing him, as Trump has done, as a communist.It s unlikely we will ever get to test that proposition; Hillary Clinton remains the heavy favorite in the primary, for a host of reasons. But what we do  know for sure is that our current elected federal leaders are not pursuing the economic policies that most Americans, including most Republicans, favor. And those are the policies of the Sanders campaign. Halvorssen later tweeted in celebration his successful trolling of Fox News.#FoxNews probably expected me to condemn @BernieSanders. I reveal largest contribution allowable https://t.co/4JxW3Lh7nM #FeelTheBern  Thor Halvorssen (@ThorHalvorssen) March 2, 2016 Featured image Courtesy of Addicting Info",0
7667, SNL Perfectly SLAMS Trump Supporters With ‘Racists For Trump’ Campaign Ad (VIDEO),"If you haven t noticed by now that Donald Trump rallies have become white pride events then you are either willfully ignorant, or living under a rock. In fact, some of Trump s most fervent supporters are members of white supremacist groups, including former KKK Grand Wizard David Duke. It s gotten to the point where shouting  Trump Trump Trump  is synonymous with shouting  white pride.  And if you disagree with that sentiment, take a good long look at yourself in the mirror and think about why you disagree.Noticing how racist Trump supporters are, along with the rest of the sane world, is none other than the folks over at Saturday Night Live. They put together the perfect spoof campaign ad to attack these nincompoops head-on. In a sketch titled,  Racists for Trump  they start by showing what seems to be average Americans working hard and simply loving what Trump stands for. The commercial begins: The media s been saying some pretty negative things about Donald Trump, but what are real Americans saying? Trump was then labeled a  winner,   authentic,  job creator, negotiator,  an  outsider,  and above all else, the candidate who can  Make America Great Again. It s at that point when it s revealed that all the supporters speaking are involved some way or another in a white supremacist organization. Whether it be neo-Nazis, the KKK, or simply  white pride,  SNL does not hold back in slamming the hate and bigotry that s been spewing out of the Trump campaign alongside his supporters.But of course, all that hate is disguised in clever coded language to make it seem like we don t notice, but guess what? We notice.Bravo to SNL, this is absolutely perfect. Well done.Featured image via image screen capture",0
7668, WATCH: These Fifth Graders Know More About Being Grown Up Than All The GOP Candidates Combined,"AJ+ interviewed a group of fifth graders following the most recent republican debate.What these kids had to say about the way the supposed grown-ups behaved on the debate stage says it all. You re adults, you re not children,  one girl says.  I mean  it s crazy,  she continues, before burying her head in her hands, in exasperation.Eleven-year-old Colin Baird pointed out that the candidates are setting a terrible example for kids, saying,  What if kids are seeing that on TV or something, thinking  Oh, well, they re doing it, maybe I can. As Addicting Info pointed out here, republican candidates habitually engage in behaviors no decent parent would want their child to imitate, like name-calling and bullying, not to mention arguing about whose penis is bigger.But unlike the GOP candidates, the kids in this video are clearly smart enough to know right from wrong.They were easily able to spot the bullying behavior they saw the candidates engaging in, and quick to call it out for what it is.When asked what a bully is, eleven-year-old Maura Sammis immediately answered by saying  Donald Trump. Another student responded by saying,  I think a bully is someone who is deliberately trying to hurt somebody in some way, or make them feel bad. Ten-year-old Oliver Andress might have summed it up best when he said,  They all just want to get in the White House.  He added,  They will play dirty. Another student pointed out the differences she noticed between the democratic debates and the republican debates. The democrats, they don t fight,  she said.  All they do is talk about politics. She goes to say,  I don t want to hear about stuff that s about other people. I just want to hear about politics. The students in this video obviously know a lot more about acting like a grown-up than the candidates running for office on the GOP ticket.Watch the video below, courtesy of AJ+ on Facebook. // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Fifth Graders Call Trump a Bully You re adults  it s crazy. Fifth graders weigh in on the GOP presidential candidates.Posted by AJ+ on Saturday, March 5, 2016 Featured image via video screen capture from AJ+ on Facebook",0
7669, Is Trump EMBRACING HITLER? Has Thousands Of Followers Raise Right Hand And Pledge Loyalty,"What the HELL just happened in Orlando? Donald Trump, the guy that most of the free world has been legitimately comparing to Adolf Hitler, just ordered thousands of supporters at an Orlando rally to raise their hands in salute and swear loyalty to him.And they did it  THEY ACTUALLY DID IT. Watch all the hands in the clip below.Donald Trump tells the audience to raise their right hands and promise to vote for him pic.twitter.com/thqQYL2tlF  Brandon Wall (@Walldo) March 5, 2016Here is pretty much what just happened in Orlando at the Trump rally.Image via thelocal.deIt isn t an exaggerationDonald Trump makes members of his Orlando crowd raise their right hands and swear to vote in the primary. pic.twitter.com/EVenRilJrV  Jenna Johnson (@wpjenna) March 5, 2016What the hell is going on with the Republican party and Trump?This is seriously starting to get legitimately frightening. We have huge crowds of Americans gathering to have their most vile inclinations validated by someone who is, factually speaking, running on a fascist presidential platform. Now, they are throwing up what you might as well call a  1940s Berlin Style  salute to him as well.Some people might say this couldn t happen in America. But remember   during WWII America unconstitutionally imprisoned thousands of Japanese-American citizens for no crime other than being Japanese. We didn t think that would happen, did we?The Nazi party rose to power by promising suffering Germans, who were practically bankrupt from the after-effects of World War I, help in lifting the nation and its people out of poverty and unemployment. At the same time, the party was severely critical of existing political leaders in Germany for not addressing the needs and will of the people. They promised widespread economic prosperity, a regained national strength via the military, and to make Germany great again. Does this sound familiar?Republicans have spent the better part of eight years now calling President Obama   one of the greatest leaders of the modern era   a fascist, Nazi, communist, dictator and whatever else they can come up with that has a negative governmental connotation. At the exact same time, they are fully embracing an actual fascist and using nazi-style salutes to pledge their loyalty to him.If you are a liberal, please don t stay home this November. The nation can t afford it.Featured image via Twitter",0
7670, Trump Was So Desperate During Last Debate He Broke The Rules To Ask For Help,"CNN Money has released a report saying that Donald Trump violated Fox News  rules during the last Republican primary debate.The claim comes from an unnamed rival campaign. Apparently Trump consulted with his campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, during Thursday s debate in Detroit. This is a clear violation of the rules that were set before the debate. What s even more interesting, is that the report indicates that this is not the first time Trump has broken debate rules. This is just the most egregious example.CNN Money reports: While that exchange was the clearest violation of debate rules to date, the sources said, it followed a pattern: At multiple debates, Trump has consulted with his campaign manager Corey Lewandowski backstage even though it was expressly forbidden by the networks.Thursday night s debate in Detroit marked a new extreme, however, as Lewandowski went directly onto the stage to meet with Trump during the commercial break. As in previous debates, Fox News had explicitly informed the campaigns that candidates were not allowed to communicate with their campaign staff during commercial breaks, the sources said.When Lewandowski was asked by Fox News staff to leave the stage, he refused to do so, according to a source at Fox News.Unable to get Lewandowski off the stage, Fox News representatives informed the other three campaigns that, because the Trump campaign had broken the rules, they too could consult with their candidates. It isn t surprising that Trump would need assistance during a debate. Not to imply that any of the Republican candidates are particularly better than Trump, in terms of policy, but Trump can barely string together enough words to create a cohesive sentence. Trump isn t a politician; he is a has been reality television star used to having people feed him lines. This just proves that he will do or so anything to become president.Featured image from Gage Skidmore via Flickr",0
7671, Louis C.K. Tears ‘Insane Bigot’ Donald Trump Apart In Devastating Rant: ‘The Guy Is Hitler’ (IMAGE),"Add comedian Louis C.K. to the ever-growing lost of people trying to stop Republican front-runner Donald Trump from getting any closer to the White House. In a scathing rant released on Saturday morning, C.K. skewered Trump with a plea to voters in an email about his web series  Horace and Pete. C.K. compared Trump to Adolf Hitler, stating that the Nazi leader was once thought to be just a harmless crazy nut   until it was too late to stop him. C.K. s message, which appeared in full on Variety, said: Please stop it with voting for Trump. It was funny for a little while. But the guy is Hitler. And by that I mean that we are being Germany in the  30s. Do you think they saw the s t coming? Hitler was just some hilarious and refreshing dude with a weird comb over who would say anything at all. Twitter He s not a monster. He s a sad man. But all this makes him horribly dangerous if he becomes president. Give him another TV show. Let him pay to put his name on buildings. But please stop voting for him. C.K. didn t mince his words as he continued, stating that voting for Trump would be  national suicide. I get that all these people sound like bullshit soft criminal opportunists. The whole game feels rigged and it s not going anywhere but down anymore. I feel that way sometimes. And that voting for Trump is a way of saying  f*ck it. F*ck them all . I really get it. It s a version of national Suicide. Or it s like a big hit off of a crack pipe. Somehow we can t help it. Or we know that if we vote for Trump our phones will be a reliable source of dopamine for the next four years. I mean I can t wait to read about Trump every day. It s a rush. But you have to know this is not healthy. C.K. noted that although he likes the Democratic candidates Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, he would enjoy seeing the next president as a conservative. However, he s smart enough to recognize that Trump is not the guy to face Sanders or Clinton, and certainly not presidential material: I m not advocating for Hillary or Bernie. I like them both but frankly I wish the next president was a conservative only because we had Obama for eight years and we need balance. And not because I particularly enjoy the conservative agenda. I just think the government should reflect the people. And we are about 40 percent conservative and 40 percent liberal. When I was growing up and when I was a younger man, liberals and conservatives were friends with differences. They weren t enemies. And it always made sense that everyone gets a president they like for a while and then hates the president for a while. But it only works if the conservatives put up a good candidate. A good smart conservative to face the liberal candidate so they can have a good argument and the country can decide which way to go this time. Trump is not that. He s an insane bigot. He is dangerous. For all the conservatives that have pledged to vote for Trump despite how awful they acknowledge him to be, C.K. had some much-needed advice: If you are a true conservative. Don t vote for Trump. He is not one of you. He is one of him. Everything you have heard him say that you liked, if you look hard enough you will see that he one day said the exact opposite. He is playing you. Trump is not your best. He s the worst of all of us. He s a symptom to a problem that is very real. But don t vote for your own cancer. You re better than that. C.K. is just the latest comedian to blast Trump, and his message follows an epic verbal lashing from John Oliver on Last Week Tonight, which aired a 20-minute takedown of Trump. Many other celebrities, including Miley Cyrus, George Clooney, and Stephen King, have also urged voters to wise up and forget about voting for the business mogul.Currently, the Republican party is scrambling to figure out what to do with Trump. He s currently dominating the GOP polls, and even though several conservatives have pledged to stop him, many Republicans feel helpless and are afraid no other candidate will be able to stop him from getting the nomination.Featured image via Wikimedia Commons and Gage Skidmore",0
7672, Head Of The KKK Loves Trump For Stirring Up Racial Anger,"Sweet cheese! Donald Trump is the gift that keeps on giving. I ve said repeatedly that I love Trump because he s making it impossible for people to pretend that the conservative movement is not motivated by hate and rage. And like in the case of Thomas Robb, the head of the KKK, some people are not even trying to keep up the charade:According to Robb, Trump has tapped into an underlying anger among white people, adding that white people in America  no longer identify with what America has become. This is fueling the anger in this country, and I think this is what we re seeing in this election,  he said.YES! THANK YOU! That s exactly it! Mr. Robb is letting the cat out of the bag that fear and hate is the core of conservatism, a core that Trump is exploiting to great effect. This, as I keep saying, is why the Republican establishment is so mad at Trump. They don t mind the racism, they mind of the overt nature of it. Without the veneer of respectability, Republicans will not be able to pretend they re not the party of old white racists. The corporate media is still working extra hard to avoid using the word  racism  when talking about Trump s  inflammatory  rhetoric but no one s buying even that little bit of pretense.Why else is Trump so popular with white supremacists? He s feeding into all of their fears and that helps their cause.America is no longer the sole property of white people and it s driving whites, particularly conservative whites, into a frenzy of fear and rage. Partly because they expect blacks and Latinos to treat them the same way they treated blacks and Latinos. But, more importantly, with minorities having equal or greater political power, white people are going to be forced to compete on a level economic, legal and social playing field. For people who are utterly convinced that they succeeded 100% due to their own awesomeness, this is a terrifying prospect. America s ENTIRE history has been influenced by the idea that white people are inherently superior. It will be quite the cultural shock to find out that without the system rigged in their favor, whites are just like everyone else.There are a lot of white people who will grasp at any hope of stopping this awful future from coming to pass and Trump is just the man to (make believe he can) do it! White power, indeed.Feature image via Heavy.com",0
7673," Trump Goes Wild, Makes Racist Remark About Obama (VIDEO)","Flustered by a series of protesters, including one just a few feet away from him that the candidate decided to stand up and single out by pointing, Trump told his audience,  we have a terrible president who happens to be African-American. Here s the video of the moment.Trump went on to promise his diehard supporters that  we have a divided country folks,  and that  there has never been a greater division  that exists in America today. Trump also claimed he was upset about  the hatred, the animosity  in the country, and promised,  I will bring people together. The comments come a day after Trump backers physically harassed  Black Lives Matter  protesters at a rally in New Orleans.The remarks also come less than a week after Trump refused to denounce the support of the Ku Klux Klan and former Grand Wizard David Duke during an interview on CNN.The White Power/White Nationalist movement has expressed a high level of support for Trump, especially due to his promise to build a  beautiful wall  on the U.S.   Mexico border. Other white nationalists have said that Trump is their preferred candidate, and in return the campaign has given press credentials for white power radio shows to broadcast from his campaign rallies. His son, Donald Trump Jr., even gave an interview to a radio show alongside a white nationalist who favors a return to slavery.Trump s embrace of the racist movement has been condemned by both Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders.It has also become a problem for so-called  establishment  Republicans, who fear that a candidate so directly connected to the movement will spell disaster for them in the fall election. They dislike that Trump has said in public what has often been said behind closed doors with hushed tones.Featured image via YouTube",0
7674, Oregon Ignores GOP To Become First State To Choose 100 Percent Clean Energy,"Oregon is showing Republicans in Congress how to get sh*t done.Republicans in Congress may be refusing to adhere to the Paris climate agreement, but Oregon Democrats are rolling ahead with legislation that would make the state the first in the nation to rely on 100 percent clean energy for all of their electricity needs.In fact, both the statehouse and the state senate passed the Clean Energy and Coal Transition Plan despite Republican cries that going full renewable energy will make energy costs skyrocket, which isn t true. As it turns out, clean energy sources are poised to become less expensive than energy generated by coal and gas, both of which are finite resources.When Governor Kate Brown signs this bill into law Oregonians will get to work enacting it to get the state completely off of the coal grid by 2035. In a statement, Brown praised the legislation, saying it  equips Oregon with a bold and progressive path towards the energy resource mix of the future. Oregon already draws 43 percent of their electricity generation from hydropower, and making the state 100 percent clean energy means Oregon will not be contributing near as big of a carbon footprint as other states in the country. According to Oregon utility company Pacific Power, the new measure would reduce carbon pollution the equivalent of taking over six million cars off the road.This is the second major liberal victory in Oregon this week.Earlier this month, Governor Brown signed a minimum wage bill into law making Oregon the state with the highest minimum wage in the nation.Even the White House praised Oregon s determination to  boost the paychecks of hardworking Americans and help support millions of workers trying to make ends meet,  while also urging Republicans in Congress to do the same for the rest of the American people.So not only is Oregon leading the way on making sure Americans make a fair wage, they are leading the way to make sure people have an environment and a planet to enjoy in the future.Featured Image: Wikimedia",0
7675, Bernie Sanders Releases Mini-Documentary On Florida’s Migrant Workers (VIDEO),"Today, Senator Bernie Sanders released a new commercial on his efforts to help migrant workers in Florida. The advertisement stars a woman from Mexico named Udelia Chautla who narrates the commerical, which is more of a mini-documentary, about her experiences with low wages and abuse as a laborer in Florida s tomato fields. There were cases of bosses abusing workers,  Chautla said in Spanish.  They would not provide workers with water or restrooms. The bosses would get angry because some of the men wouldn t want to keep working and start hitting them   It affected my children because I didn t have enough to buy food. The entire advertisement will air on Univsion this Thursday in Florida, Chicago, and Arizona, ahead of primaries in those states. // < ![CDATA[ <span class=""mceItemHidden"" data-mce-bogus=""1""><span></span>(function(d, s, id) { &nbsp;var js, <span class=""mceItemHidden"" data-mce-bogus=""1""><span class=""hiddenSpellError"" pre="""" data-mce-bogus=""1"">fjs</span></span> = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; &nbsp;if (d.getElementById(id)) return; &nbsp;js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; &nbsp;js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&amp;version=v2.3""; &nbsp;<span class=""hiddenSpellError"" pre="""" data-mce-bogus=""1"">fjs</span>.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', '<span class=""hiddenSpellError"" pre="""" data-mce-bogus=""1"">facebook-jssdk</span>')); // ]]&gt;How many more Immokalees are there? How many fields or factories are there? We have to ask ourselves  who benefits from Posted by Bernie Sanders on Saturday, March 5, 2016 In 2008, I traveled to the tomato fields of southern Florida and met with migrant workers who were paid starvation wages for backbreaking work and were being ruthlessly exploited,  wrote Bernie Sanders on his campaign website.  After the visit, I invited leaders of the Coalition of Immokalee Workers to Washington to testify during a Senate committee hearing regarding abusive labor practices. As a result of the tremendous grassroots effort of this coalition, working conditions in Immokalee improved and workers received a wage increase. In 2011, Bernie Sanders wrote an article on what he saw in Immokalee. In the United States of America, millions of workers are being forced into a race to the bottom. As poverty increases and the middle class shrinks, they are seeing their standard of living decline,  he wrote.  They are working longer hours for lower wages, and are losing their health insurance, pensions and other benefits. What we have in the tomato fields of Florida are workers who are living on the lowest rung of the ladder in that race to the bottom. We must address their plight not only from a moral perspective, but with the understanding that if we look the other way, and accept the terrible exploitation they are suffering, every American worker is in danger as that race to the bottom accelerates. If any state in the country needs a Bernie Sanders, it is the state of Florida. According to data compiled by Bloomberg, 3 of the 10 cities in the country with the greatest income inequality are in Florida; Miami, Tampa Bay, and Gainesville. The wealthiest 5 percent of households in Florida earn 24 percent of all income earned in the state. Nearly a quarter of African-Americans in the state can t legally vote because Florida is the only state in the country other than Iowa to place a lifetime ban from voting on convicted felons. South Florida is already facing many threats caused by climate change, with some scientists predicting rising sea levels will flood Miami by 2100. Meanwhile, Florida s Republican Governor Rick Scott has banned state agencies from even using the phrases  global warming  and  climate change  in their correspondence.Whether its environmental concerns or growing levels of poverty and wealth disparity, many of the problems focused on by Bernie Sanders campaign are exemplified in Florida. This is the same state that brought us Jeb Bush, Senator Marco Rubio, and elected Governor Rick Scott, who even Republicans have  called the state s worst governor ever, so it should be no surprise Scott is being seriously considered for Donald Trump s running mate. Hopefully, the campaigns of Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton can resonate with voters in the state to swing Florida s electoral votes in the direction of Democrats for the 2016 general election because Florida will once again likely be key in determining who the next president of the United States will be.Featured Image Courtesy of Flickr",0
7676, AmeriKKKa: Arrested For Drinking Coffee While Black (VIDEO),"It s freaking awesome to be white in America. As a white person myself, I don t say this because I think white people are superior. No, I say it because white people don t have to deal with this kind of total bullshit on a daily basis:In the video uploaded to YouTube, a man identified by The Free Thought Project as 29-year-old Charles Harrell, can be seen on screen with a police officer on a bicycle following closely behind him. You can t be a black man and enjoy your morning, because the police are going to harass you in Cincinnati, Ohio,  Harrell explained.  Walking down the street, the cop just asked me if I have a problem. Off-camera the officer, identified as Baron Osterman, can be heard telling Harrell that he crossed against the light on the deserted street. Sir, you were scaring me, sir. I don t know why were following me, anyway,  Harrell replied.  You were following me all the way down the street. If you watch the video, the cop was following Harrell obviously looking for a reason to stop him. As soon as he crossed against the light, the officer leapt into action to deal with the dastardly crime of drinking coffee while black jaywalking. Harrell is arrested because he had the gall to stand up for his civil right not to be harassed for no reason whatsoever.Here s the video: I m 42 years old and I have literally never been stopped by a cop while walking in my life except that one time I jumped a turnstile in high school. This is why it s awesome to be white in America. The cops don t see you as you go about your life and you don t see them. But if you re black, especially a black male? You have a giant neon sign over your head that says  CAUTION! POTENTIAL CRIMINAL! Most white people don t understand this reality at all. Even white people like me that do understand it only do so on an intellectual level. The closest I can get to understanding it on an emotional level is this:You know that feeling of dread you get when you re driving and a cop car gets in your lane behind you? Your heart rate goes up and you get nervous. Did you forget to signal a turn? Is one of your lights out? Are you speeding? What does he want? What? WHAT?!Now imagine the cop car is always behind you everywhere you drive and if you sneeze the wrong way, those flashing lights are going to turn on instantly. That s what I imagine it must be like to be like to be black in a heavily policed community. Oh, and as a bonus, instead of getting a ticket, there s a good chance you ll get the shit beaten out of you, arrested or shot. Or possibly all three. Also, you ll be called a nigger thug  and smeared by the  liberal  media if there s even a single picture of you holding a beer.Until we stop pretending that black people bring all this trouble on themselves, America s race problem will never go away.Featured image via screencap",0
7677," Ted Cruz Gets Booed At CPAC With Many Walking Out, And It’s Pretty Damn Funny (VIDEO)","Try as he might to appeal to a broad base of conservatives across the country, Ted Cruz is just remarkably unappealing. He uses a booming preacher type approach to his speeches that are reminiscent of televangelists selling miracle water at 3am or a megapreacher asking for donations so they can purchase another jet. His overwhelming smarmy nature may appeal to some who find comfort in being swindled, but to most, he is reprehensible.Trying to win over the crowd at the 2016 Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC), Cruz takes to bashing Trump, because why not, right? However, even though Trump decided to ditch out on the conference himself, many of his supporters were still in attendance. And as we all know, as bad and awful as Trump is, many of his most fervent supporters are even worse. So, when Cruz started in on Trump, many booed, got up, and walked out as the Texas junior senator was still speaking.Hears video from CSPAN via Crooks and Liars: Fox News had a wider shot of the event. Here, you can actually seeing people getting up and walking out. https://youtu.be/qd10-h-BwecBoth Cruz and Trump are despicable. They re both terrible choices for Commander-in-Chief. One wants to turn the nation into a giant megachurch, the other wants to turn the nation into a modern-day Nazi Germany. The infighting within the Republican party is going to tear the GOP apart. They are leaving this election wide open for a Democratic win, so no matter who, vote blue, and in the mean time, if you re a liberal, this is likely you watching the GOP right now:Featured image via image screen capture",0
7678," John McCain Makes MASSIVE Error In Rush To Bash Obama, And It May Have Cost Him His Re-election","John McCain was already walloped by Barack Obama in a presidential election, so it s only natural that the president would be at the center of what very well end McCain s political career entirely.The man responsible for bringing Sarah Palin into our lives isn t exactly known for his impulse-control, but it appears he massively overplayed his hand in his latest rush to bash President Obama. In the days after long-time Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia passed away, McCain became one of the de facto cheerleaders for the Senate Republican plan to spend the next year preventing Obama from fulfilling his constitutional obligation to nominate a replacement.He announced that he would be standing with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in opposing any nomination until after the election   which means the seat would remain unfilled for nearly a year, and perhaps a great deal longer. For Republicans, this knee-jerk obstruction was so automatic that it seems almost nobody thought it through beforehand. So quick were they to oppose Obama, that they didn t stop to think about how it would look for the party already known for saying  no  to issue blanket opposition to a constitutional mandate.McCain, like many of his colleagues, is now discovering that his headlong rush into obstruction may be a career-ending blunder. A new poll conducted by Public Policy Polling found that his constituents in Arizona are fed up with his antics, and his already-low favorability numbers are tanking hard.As to McCain s position, 55 percent said it made them less likely to vote for his re-election this year; 21 percent said it made them more likely to vote for him; and 24 percent said it wouldn t make any difference.The poll, which had a margin of error of plus or minus 4.2 percentage points, also indicated that just 26 percent approve of McCain s job performance while 63 percent disapprove and 12 percent were unsure.In short: Nobody in Arizona seems to have any respect for John McCain. That s not a good position to be in, because McCain is facing a tough primary and an even tougher Democratic challenger in November. Congresswoman Ann Kirkpatrick is running for McCain s seat, and wasted no time calling out the senator: Members of the U.S. Senate have an obligation to uphold the Constitution and fulfill their duties, including voting on Supreme Court nominees regardless of party affiliation,  Kirkpatrick told the press via a prepared statement.  John McCain used to take that responsibility seriously. Care to hazard a guess what McCain s reaction to the poll was? Here s his campaign spokeswoman: This fake  poll from liberal activists is the creation of partisan Democrat hacks who have tried and failed for years to defeat John McCain. Liberal bias, right on cue.At this point in his life, McCain isn t just fighting for his continued career in politics, he s fighting for his legacy. Rather than go out with a modicum of integrity, he decided to listen to the lemmings in his party that promised him that salvation was just beyond that edge of that cliff they were headed towards. It s painful to watch. Sadly, for politicians, you are only as good as the last thing you did. McCain will go out being remembered as a deeply unpopular senator who was so blinded by his hatred of Obama that it prevented him from accomplishing anything.Featured image via Gage Skidmore/Flickr",0
7679, Sarah Silverman And Bill Maher DESTROY ‘Fact-Free’ Republican Debate (VIDEO),"Sarah Silverman and Bill Maher destroyed the so-called Fox Republican debates in what Maher described as  completely fact free.  They both wondered why Hillary and Bernie couldn t debate the Republican candidates right now. This, they agreed, would at least inject some facts in the debates since the Fox moderators refused to do so.  Megyn Kelly, if you re such a serious person,  said Maher,  ask one question about the environment. [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNYjzvy5zuA]Sarah Silverman also let loose on the candidates and their supporters saying,  Only at a Republican-only debate can you be trying to win over the audience by saying I m going to cut education.  She s right! It s something out of the Twilight Zone, where candidates are trying to outdo each other to see who s more likely to destroy the middle class.It s also quite crazy that the candidates weren t asked why the Republicans want to cut funding for the very water agency that could have stopped the water problem before the poisoning of the children of Flint, Michigan.  The water poisoning of course was done under the watch of a Republican governor. It s alarming that Fox moderators didn t address this issue, especially since the debates were in Detroit.It seems as though the Fox moderators showed little interest in fact checking and the idea that Fox moderators are hard on Trump or any other Republican candidates is ludicrous.Featured image via screenshot",0
7680, Bristol Palin’s Absurd Blog Post About Gun Safety Will Make You Weep For Her Children (VIDEO),"Bristol Palin has shown yet again not only how incredibly dense she is, but just how her children could suffer from her ineptitude as a parent and reasonable human being. Her latest Patheos blog post talks about just how lucky her son is to have grown up around guns because of an asinine gun control experiment out of Texas specifically aimed at gun sales to families. It s actually quite sickening.In the video, children are left into a room full of toys, among which is hidden an unloaded handgun. Within 15 seconds a child finds the gun and begins treating it like any of the other toys in the room. Parents stand horrified as their children, cast into an unsupervised play environment, take the gun and point it at each other. In the end, a police officer helping conduct this bogus  experiment  points out that the children playing with the gun come from a home with no guns, where the two children who wouldn t touch the gun come from homes where guns are available and talked about.That s what Bristol Palin decides to jump on. Finally, someone is calling her a good parent, which is, of course, ludicrous, but she seems to be comfortable with it. She wrote: Only the children whose homes had exposed them to guns knew not to touch the dangerous toy. As other children ran around pointing it at each other, two stood back because their parents understood the importance of teaching and appropriate exposure.Parents assume their child will automatically know what is and is not dangerous. The danger is not guns themselves, but a lack of education.So thankful Tripp is around guns and knows how to act around them. The danger is not the gun itself but a lack of education? What a crock of doody. This is America, Bristol. The bulk of guns owned by civilians are because of a lack of education. People believe guns make them safer, that they can thwart crimes and that they are somehow more patriotic for having one. The reality is far simpler: If there were fewer guns, fewer people would get shot.The entire scenario is designed to portray people who don t own guns as bad parents, because their children have no experience with guns. The two kinds of parents portrayed get the exact result you may expect, but Palin, as dense as she is, takes the lesson to the stupid place, arguing that only children who have been exposed to guns have a chance of growing up safe in America.The two types of parents not included that would round out this experiment would be the idiots who think kids don t need to learn about gun safety as long as you leave the safety on and parents who refuse to have guns in their home and add the benefit of educating their children why they are so dangerous. Those parents aren t needed to prove to someone as ill-prepared for parenthood as Bristol Palin that there may be more to this experiment. The notion that raising your children around guns makes them safer would be much more believable if we didn t have to read about yet another toddler killing his sister or a little guy pulling a gun from the glove compartment and shooting Grandpa. If there were no two-year-olds pulling pistols from their mothers  purse and shooting them in Walmart it may be easier to swallow.What may be a better gauge of how safe non-gun homes are as opposed to homes with guns would be to count the accidental firearm deaths from each. I can guarantee you that my children will never grab a loaded weapon from anywhere in my house and pull the trigger. I can also guarantee that they have seen and been taught exactly how dangerous guns are and wouldn t touch one for any reason in somebody else s home, either.It s all well and good to use these parents who probably haven t considered that their kids may run into guns at their friends  houses as bad examples, but in the end, they go home to a house with no guns; to playrooms where no guns will be hidden. Those  responsible  children? They may not have touched the gun but they are the only ones with true access. To think that is in any way good parenting is mind boggling.Here s the full seven-minute experiment:KWWL   Eastern Iowa Breaking News, Weather, ClosingsFeatured image from Gage Skidmore",0
7681, GOP Leadership At Fault For Predicted Collapse Of Public Defense System In This State,"As Addicting Info reported here, the citizens of Louisiana are facing the harsh consequences of Republican trickle-down economics.As the state stands on the brink of economic disaster, LA residents could see disastrous results in the coming months, as hospitals and universities are shuttered, the disabled lose access to vital services, and the social safety net is gutted.In the midst of all the, the American Civil Liberties Union is sounding an even more dire warning.The state of Louisiana incarcerates more people than any other place in the world. Without drastic intervention, however, the citizens of LA are about to lose access to the fundamental right to legal representation.That s because Jindal s budget cuts decimated the state s system of public defense.According to ACLU attorney Brandon Buskey, the state s public defense system is so short of funding that 33 of the state s 42 districts will be shuttered over the next year, leaving the poor without access to legal representation.In a statement to The Guardian on March 4, 2016, Buskey said, The system is on course to collapse by next summer   we will have no public defense system in any sense of the word. We are talking about the wholesale destruction of a public function. According to Buskey, LA citizens are already experiencing the brutal impact of Jindal s failure to fund the public defense system. In metropolitan areas, such as New Orleans, public defenders are unable to take on new cases, leaving citizens who cannot afford a private attorney with no access to legal representation.The result is that potentially innocent people are trapped behind bars, with no way out.Buckley explained, In Orleans, we already have dozens of people held in jail for weeks on end without conviction and with no way of getting themselves out. We are literally trapping people in jail with no way out. LA public defender, James Dixon, told The Guardian that the state s failure to provide for public defense will cause extreme harm to juveniles, saying, We will no longer be able adequately to represent the kids in this state. If a child is charged with burglary or theft, they are going to go unrepresented, and that scares me. As The Guardian reports here, The funding meltdown also threatens to aggravate the existing inequalities in Louisiana s criminal justice system, by creating a two-tier service in which wealthier citizens can employ private lawyers while poor Louisianans are left to their own devices. Dixon pointed out,  This is an absolute injustice   that the poor will sit in jail without any representation just because they have no money. The Sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution provides that, In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the Assistance of Counsel for his defence. What is happening in LA today is not only immoral and inhumane, it s also a violation of the United States Constitution, a document which republicans claim to be deeply devoted to.As a result of Jindal s irresponsible handling of the state s budget, innocent citizens could be forced to spend months behind bars after being accused of a crime they did not commit.At the same time, dangerous criminals, guilty of violent offenses, are likely to see their cases thrown out, due to the state s failure to uphold the Constitutional rights of the accused.Thanks to Jindal, who used the state s budget to conduct an experiment in GOP trickle-down economic theory, the state of Louisiana now faces a $1.6 billion budget shortfall.A new budget, proposed by the state s recently-elected democratic Governor, Jon Bel Edwards, and approved by the state legislature, attempts to correct the budget shortfall, but in doing so, leaves the public defense system virtually unfunded. The new budget would slash funding for public defense by 62 percent, reducing the amount of money allocated from $33m to under $13m.The American Civil Liberties Union filed a class action lawsuit on behalf of the state s accused. The suit attacks what the ACLU calls the state s  chronic underfunding of its public defender system. Image from Wikimedia Commons",0
7682, Why The Secret Service Is Investigating Glenn Beck (VIDEO),"The United States Secret Service is investigating conspiracy theorist and right wing radio host Glenn Beck. The probe is in relation to a statement Beck made on his nationally syndicated radio show while broadcasting from the CPAC conference.The agency is required to investigate any and all threats related to the people it is protecting, in this case it happens to be comments Beck made about Donald Trump, who Beck is opposed to. From CBS Dallas:During his radio show Friday morning, Beck and his producers were talking about the other candidates saying they would support Donald Trump if he becomes the Republican nominee.His producer mocked Beck after Beck mentioned being in the shoes of Trump s rivals: Was it gigantic shoes?  asked the producer Stu Burguiere. If I was close enough and I had a knife. Really. I mean the stabbing just wouldn t stop,  Beck responded, appearing to direct his comments at Burguiere.Beck s comments were blasted out by the conservative Daily Caller, which is run by Fox News host Tucker Carlson.But unlike so many other inflammatory statements from Beck, this may actually be a mistake. Beck was apparently talking about his producer, Stu Burguiere. Burguiere posted on his Facebook page after the incident noting,  If you were listening, you know that Glenn actually threatened me, not Donald Trump, so I am in the odd situation of defending my boss for threatening my life. The comments may have been seen as more credible because Beck has been a critic of Trump, claiming that his preferred candidate, Ted Cruz, is more qualified and destined for the presidency than Trump. Beck has accused Trump of being a huckster and a phony.It seems fitting that a conservative media outlet s sloppy reporting led to federal law enforcement being called in on another conservative media icon.Beck has for years promoted conspiracy theories about President Obama, Democrats, and other progressives. He also claimed that Obama hates white people and that he has been using the power of the government to give black people reparations. Beck s theories were so out there that advertisers began abandoning his afternoon show on Fox News, and the network soon dropped him. Now he broadcasts online and on a few niche cable networks, while still retaining his radio show   but even that is dwarfed by more successful hosts like Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity.Featured image via Flickr",0
7683, Alabama Supreme Court SHOCKS Conservatives With This Latest Ruling,"Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore is so pissed right now.Ever since the U.S. Supreme Court legalized same-sex marriage in their Obergefell v. Hodges ruling last summer, Alabama has resisted following it.Almost immediately, Moore ordered county clerks and judges to refuse to help same-sex couples get married, claiming that the nation s high court has no power to overturn a state ban on same-sex marriage.Despite Moore s efforts to keep defying the Supreme Court, his colleagues on the state bench made the opposite decision on Friday.In a single sentence, the Alabama Supreme Court chose to not defy the high court by rejecting an anti-same-sex marriage case brought by the Alabama Citizens Action Program and the Alabama Policy Institute. It is ordered that all pending motions and petitions are dismissed,  the majority of the court ruled, thus ending the fight against federal authorities that Moore wanted so badly.According to the Associated Press,In one of several written opinions accompanying the order, Justice Greg Shaw called the decision a  clear refusal  to ignore the Supreme Court ruling last June.Several other state justices railed against the high court s ruling while noting they can t overturn it.Chief Justice Roy Moore wrote that previous state orders barring gay marriage in Alabama remain. Most probate judges already are ignoring that directive, however, and hundreds of same-sex couples already have wed in Alabama.NBC News had more about what Moore wrote in his dissenting opinion.Quoting everything from past court rulings to the Bible and the 1974 song  Feelings,  the chief justice called the court s ruling  immoral, unconstitutional and tyrannical.  He referred to homosexuality as a  disgrace to human nature  which can t be compared to opposite-sex intimacy. Sodomy has never been and never will be an act by which a marriage can be consummated,  Moore wrote.This is a victory for the LGBT community and a victory for sanity in general. Even Moore s fellow judges acknowledged that the U.S. Supreme Court has the final say and federal law trumps state law no matter how they may feel about same-sex marriage personally.It s definitely a significant setback for conservative  Christians  in the state who were hoping to keep bigotry, hate, and their ability to discriminate at will enshrined under state law.Featured image via Flickr",0
7684, Bill Maher Explains How Every Republican Can Change — Except On This One Issue (VIDEO),"During the New Rules segment of Real Time with Bill Maher, Maher gave a hilarious analysis of Republican s hypocrisy, how they flip-flop only when it happens to them, and what that means for the planet.Maher tosses off a litany of examples of individual Republicans who have completely changed their minds about issues   as soon as those issues found their ways into their lives. Maher says: It explains why John McCain supports every form of war ever invented and some he just fantasizes about in the shower but torture? No, because he was tortured by Sarah Palin. It explains why Ronald Reagan suddenly cared about AIDS only after it struck his friend Rock Hudson. And why Nancy Reagan got religion on stem cell research after Ronnie got Alzheimer s. And it explains why Newt Gingrich gave up hunting after he married an owl. That s good news for people on the right side of history already. Most Republican politicians eventually catch up with the rest of class on most issues. It may take a long time and a lot of work but public opinion shifts and they must shift along with it.The problem is if having a personal stake in the matter is the spark that helps create that shift, issues that are more recondite in nature can be almost impossible for them to change their minds on. Issues like climate change just won t become a major issue for most Republicans.Maher makes fun of this, hoping that the gods of irony hit Republicans with problems caused by environmental destruction. Let Rush Limbaugh be attacked by a swarm of dying bees and the Koch brothers be swallowed up by a fracking-induced earthquake. And to slap the global warming denial out of Marco Rubio whose own state of Florida is one of the most likely places to be inundated by rising oceans his own home must get flooded and Marco must be swept out to sea and washed up all the way back to Cuba, where we will find out that Marco Rubio is really Elian Gonzalez. You can watch the clip below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kjn5kfDkSDAFeatured image from video screenshot",0
7685, Trump Got $6 Million In Donations For Vets – Guess How Much He Gave Them (VIDEO),"Remember when Republican front runner Donald Trump made a huge fuss in January about skipping a GOP debate in Iowa and holding a fundraiser for veterans instead? Well, some people are scratching their heads and asking where all those donations really went.Just days after his fundraiser, Trump was bragging about how much money he was able to raise. At a campaign rally in Iowa, Trump boasted,  One hour. Six million dollars.  According to the business mogul, there were over 20 groups that the money would benefit. Trump said, These people that get these checks are amazing people, amazing people. But it s been several weeks since the fundraiser, and a summary released on Thursday by Trump s campaign reports that only about $3 million has been donated to the charities Trump listed. Where s the other half?After Trump s campaign would not give details about where the donations had gone, the Washington Post contacted every single one of those 24 veterans charities, asking them how much they d received from Trump. The Post said the numbers only added up to less than half of the $6 million. And The Post was being generous   According to CNN s investigation, the network could only account for $800,000   and not all of it was directly from Trump! Here s the report from CNN:After these investigations, Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks criticized the media for its curiosity and said that the rest of the money would eventually be released to the veterans groups, but she didn t specify when: If the media spent half as much time highlighting the work of these groups and how our veterans have been so mistreated, rather than trying to disparage Mr. Trump s generosity for a totally unsolicited gesture for which he had no obligation, we would all be better for it. For the veterans groups that were promised donations, the situation has been more than frustrating. For many of these organizations, a donation like the ones they were promised could be life-altering. Keith David from the Task Force Dagger Foundation  one of the veterans groups that Trump said he would be disbursing the money to, asked, Where s the rest of the money going? David s group received a check for only $50,000   a small amount considering how much money Trump had actually promised the groups. David said with reasonable concern, There s a large chunk missing. I m just kind of curious as to where that money went. I d like to see some of it come to us, because we are on the list. Because of the missing donations, questions are being raised about how much longer Trump will keep the donated money in his personal charity, the Donald J. Trump Foundation, which gives donations to  boost his political brand.  Meanwhile, Trump continues to brag about the fact that he is  self-funding my own campaign  I don t think I get enough credit for self-funding.  But what Trump doesn t tell us is that his self-funding isn t really self-funded at all.Most of Trump s funding is actually from  candidate loans , which Trump must pay off with donations from individual contributors   and he s struggling. In January, the same month Trump s veteran fundraiser was held, Trump got $12.6 million in candidate loans, but only $4.9 million was raised from his donors.If Trump is concerned about his opponents calling him a con artist, he s certainly doing a great job validating their insults. ",0
7686, Bill Maher Nails Republicans For Letting Their Party Get Hijacked By Racists (VIDEO),"Bill Maher laid into the GOP on Friday night for creating the racist mess that has taken over the party.During the program, the HBO host wasted no time summing up the Republican Party situation as he began the discussion with his panel of guests. The Republican Party is having an existential crisis. They are very upset that half their voters want to give nuclear weapons to a guy who gets into Twitter feuds with D-list celebrities. We understand that. I almost feel bad for them, except I really don t, because they brought this on themselves. They made a Faustian deal with the racist devil years ago and now those chickens are coming home to roost. He then read a statement made by House Speaker Paul Ryan, who said that any person who wants to be the GOP nominee must reject bigotry because  this party does not prey on people s prejudices. Maher immediately called bullshit, pointing out that if Republicans really believed that they wouldn t be pursuing voter ID laws that disenfranchise minority voters or jump to the defense of a police officer every time an unarmed black man is shot dead. Who are they kidding?  Maher asked.  This is the party they are and Trump is just the latest. Indeed, Donald Trump rallies have become nothing more than giant white supremacist rallies where Trump disparages people of color and orders his goons to beat up black protesters and remove them from the audience.Conservative author Matt Lewis admitted that the GOP has been dumbing down its voters but claimed that racism isn t as prevalent within the party as it seems. After claiming that the GOP presidential field is more diverse than the Democratic field, Maher noted that the two Hispanic candidates, Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio,  want to put other Hispanics on cattle carts and throw them out of the country. Maryland Rep. Donna Edwards also chimed in by pointing out that Republicans are starting to line up behind Trump despite objections to his racism, so they can t really have much of a problem with it.Maher also reminded Lewis that what Republicans are doing now isn t new. It was called the Southern Strategy when Nixon did it. Reagan started his campaign in Philadelphia, Mississippi. It s always been a winking campaign to get white poor people, mostly, who have a resentment to vote racially. Let s not pretend this is new. In the end, Maher said the GOP  big tent  is more like a house. The Republican establishment gave racists a room in their house and now the racists have taken over the house to the point where moderate Republicans are scared to go to the kitchen at night for a snack.Here s the video via YouTube. Featured image via screen capture",0
7687, WATCH: Bill Maher’s “Translation” of Hitler’s Speech Shows Where Trump Gets His Crazy Ideas,"Whether during the time of the ancient Greeks, the 1930s, or 2016, a demagogue is a demagogue. Bill Maher proved this last night  on his show Real Time when he had a speech of Nazi dictator Adolph Hitler  translated  to English in order to contextualize Donald Trump s hate speeches. [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPAVj8NCt8I]It has been reported that Trump has kept a compilation of Hitler s speeches next to his bedside over the years and according to his wife Ivanka, he would go through it sometimes. As first reported in a 1990 Vanity Fair profile of Trump, this alarming practice has been added to the arsenal some in the crumbling Republican party are using to try and potentially block a Trump nomination at the Republican Convention in July. Here s the transcript of Mahar s  translation : We re going to make Germany great again, that I can tell you. Germany doesn t win anymore. England, France, America   they re laughing at us. The Treaty of Versailles? A terrible deal!  And look, I love the Jews   nobody loves the Jews more than me, but folks, either we have a Fatherland or we don t. So we re gonna have to build a camp. And I will make the Jews pay for it. When putting Trump s words in the context of both Hitler s words and deeds, Trump s statements and antics are truly revealed for their xenophobic and racist tones. After all, a demagogue is a demagogue whether then or now. Featured image via Wikimedia Commons.",0
7688, This NRA Commercial Is So Stupid It Will Melt Your Brain (VIDEO),"A few days after the Planned Parenthood shooting in Colorado Springs that left three dead and twelve injured, the National Rifle Association (NRA) released the dumbest pro-gun commercial likely ever seen. In the months since the commercial was released and in the aftermath of more mass shootings, it has popped up on my television screen multiple times. Every single time I see it my brain melts a little at the sheer absurdity of it.It is titled, Demons At Our Door,  (ooohhh scary) and begins with a close-up of a somber NRA Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre. He starts out saying, You and I didn t choose to be targets in the age of terror  As he is speaking ominous music is playing in the background with black and white photos of ordinary American scenes flash across the screen. He continues: But innocents like us will continue to be slaughtered no amount of bloodshed will every satisfy the demons among us They will come to where we worship, where we educate and where we live. He s so right! They have!Dylann Roof walked into a church and murdered nine people with a firearm while they prayed. Adam Lanza marched into Sandy Hook Elementary School and gunned down twenty first-graders and six educators. Shawn Fuller filled his three- and four-year-old sons bodies with bullets in North Carolina last summer.Gun crazy ammosexuals are murdering our children, mothers, fathers, friends, etc. constantly and  no amount of bloodshed  has satisfied these people. Never fear, though, Wayne has a solution for us: But when evil knocks on our doors, Americans have a power that no other people on the planet share Tell me more, Savior LaPierre! The full-throated right to defend our families and ourselves with our Second Amendment. Wait WTF?  MOAR GUNZ!  Really? How is that going to solve the problem?Obviously, I realize that he is fearmongering about scary Mooslims murdering innocent Americans, but it sure didn t sound like it. He perfectly described the right-wing gun lunatics who have waged a campaign of terror on us for decades. Nobody is safe from LaPierre s brethren and no place has been sacred to them.The people we need to fear in this country are not Muslims, they are the people he is actively encouraging to arm themselves. He and his organization are the reason so many of us are dying. His hypocrisy is mind-blowing.Watch it below:Featured image via video screenshot",0
7689, Watch White Trump Thugs Manhandle Black Protesters As Candidate Drones On (VIDEO),"Video released from a Donald Trump rally in New Orleans, Louisiana, shows white supporters of Donald Trump shoving and manhandling black protesters. Another video clip shows Trump fans ripping a sign out of the hands of a protester.The video was captured and posted online by photographer and journalist Amy K. Nelson.The first video shows a man with a sign referring to Trump s recent refusal to condemn the Ku Klux Klan during an interview with CNN. The sign gets pulled out of his hands and as Nelson writes,  protester w KKK trump sign got it ripped away and then small fight ensued. crowd here is angry. protester w KKK trump sign got it ripped away and then small fight ensued #trump pic.twitter.com/nyOhAS5nbg  Amy K. Nelson (@AmyKNelson) March 5, 2016The second video, as Nelson describes it, shows  white civilian men violently ejecting  black lives matter protesters at the Trump rally,  then hi-5-ing after. CNN reporter Jeremy Diamond also released video of protesters being ejected from Trump s event.One of the most intense protests I've witnessed at a @realDonaldTrump event. Here's a snippet: pic.twitter.com/3LUEUEH0Es  Jeremy Diamond (@JDiamond1) March 5, 2016Here's more from tonight's #BlackLivesMatter protest at @realDonaldTrump's New Orleans event: pic.twitter.com/sz2ZoceAnz  Jeremy Diamond (@JDiamond1) March 5, 2016In the background audio of the video, Trump can be heard on stage, going through the motions of his campaign stump act, as his supporters yell  all lives matter  and engage with the protesters. You can hear one protester tell a Trump fan to take his hands off of one of the women.It has been days since Trump has had a rally without some sort of clash between Trump supporters and protesters. In a recent stop in Georgia, the Trump campaign had a group of black students removed on a formerly segregated college campus.Trump s campaign events now begin with warnings to the crowd to not hurt protesters, though Trump recently signaled to his followers that he would pay for the defense of supporters involved physically with detractors.On top of these incidents, a white nationalist radio show was recently given press passes to broadcast from the floor of a Trump rally. And Trump s son, Donald Jr., recently taped an interview with a white nationalist radio host where the two commiserated over the perceived problem of  political correctness. Featured image via Twitter",0
7690," Trump Voicemail Hacked, Reveals VERY Close Relationship With ‘Liberal Media’ (AUDIO)","It appears that several voicemail messages were obtained by the website Gawker showing Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump s extremely close relationship with the supposed  liberal  media, despite the fact that during many of his rallies he s openly badmouthed the very media he adores covering him.According to Gawker: While Gawker was unable to independently verify their authenticity, the recordings certainly appear to be genuine. In addition to those from the MSNBC personalities, there were messages from longtime Barack Obama advisor David Axelrod, New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, and boxing promoter Don King, all of whom spoke to Trump in a friendly and familiar manner. And this tweet from Joe Scarborough seems to verify that the transcripts seem to be legit:Oh my God. I just read the transcripts! Trump must have contributed to a children's charity. Scandalous!!! https://t.co/BxcZCdSkQb  Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) March 4, 2016One woman who identified herself as T. Hall, is allegedly Tamron Hall from MSNBC. She s reported to have said: I celebrated by going to Gucci, and I m going to use your discount, because there s a green dress that s like $3,000, and I need a discount bigger than the one my discount. Apparently wanting Trump s discount for the Gucci store that his located inside Trump s 5th Avenue building. She also apparently said: I hope you re bracing for Romney to get his butt whipped tomorrow by Obama. Showing that the message clearly dates back to the 2012 election. An election that Hall was covering. However, in yet another message, she s clearly upset with Trump over his birther nonsense: I saw the YouTube video today. I wanted to chat with you about it, since you know that I m a huge fan, and I think the world of you. But I think that thing today was not good not becoming of who I think you are as a person, as a statesman, like your award. I just thought it was just kind of crummy. Other voicemails indicate, as already previously talked about, Trump s relationship with Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski. It looks as though Trump donated to one of their charities. Here s the alleged transcript via Gawker:BRZEZINSKI: Hi, Donald. It s Mika and Joe calling. Say hi, Joe.SCARBOROUGH: Hey there, Donald. How you doing?BRZEZINSKI: We re just leaving you a message because we re trying to get in touch with you, but you must be, like, on your jet or something. We d love to talk to you, so call one of us. What s your other number, Joe?SCARBOROUGH: I m at [REDACTED]. And the kids want to scream  Thank you,  to you, Donald. Say,  Thank you, Donald. CHILDREN: Thank you!SCARBOROUGH: We are so, so grateful for everything, Donald, and we just want to call you and tell you how much it means to us.BRZEZINSKI: It was amazing. Thank you, Donald. Hope to talk to you soon. Bye.Gawker also reported that hackers were able to not only access Trump s voicemail, but change his outgoing message.The original outgoing message is here, via ABC:[soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/217758973  params= auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&visual=true  width= 100%  height= 450  iframe= true  /]And here is the alleged audio of what the hackers were capable of doing: All of this is very alarming considering Trump is apparently incapable of securing his cellphone and voicemail. If he allows this sort of thing to happen, what sort of ineptitude would he bring to the White House if elected? Yet one more reason to remember that no matter who, vote blue.Featured image: flickr",0
7691, These Hilarious Donald Trump Impressions Prove That Other Candidates Hate Him Just As Much As We Do (VIDEOS),"Republican front-runner Donald Trump does a pretty amazing job making himself look like a complete moron, but he s given us so much material that impersonating such a ridiculous candidate has never been more fun.Trump s a character that almost seems too insane to be real. From his accent to his hand gestures and facial expressions, we ve never had a more animated presidential candidate   and that might not be a good thing. He s become loathed by not only every logically thinking American, but by nearly every politician   even members of the Republican party!Because of his distinct (and revolting) personality, Trump has been impersonated by comedians, talk show hosts and more. Mimicking this candidate is so entertaining that even politicians   his own rivals   can t help but get in on it! Here are some epic impersonations that have been done by the other candidates, at Trump s expense:Hillary Clinton (starting at the 3:00 mark)We think Clinton took the prize here, doing a dead-on impersonation of the annoying yet unforgettable way Trump speaks. She even got some of the facial expressions right!Following Clinton are the impressions done by Trump s GOP rivals, who are understandably less charismatic and less intelligent than Clinton, but they still deserve some credit for trying   even if you end up laughing at them instead.Ted Cruz (at the 1:00 mark)Ted Cruz is creepy as ever, but he does a good job at summing up what Trump does during debates while at the same time mocking him for skipping one.Jeb Bush (at the 1:00 mark)You can tell that Jeb Bush, who recently dropped out of the presidential race, isn t used to being funny   but even he could barely contain his laughter as he tried to capture Trump s personality in a few seconds for Stephen Colbert.Rand Paul (at the :40 mark)Ex-candidate Rand Paul actually tried to mimic Trump s voice, and it was pretty disastrous. However, he did a great job reflecting Trump s misogynistic attitude toward women, as well as the front runner s inflated ego.Chris Christie Another former candidate, Chris Christie, takes a stab at Trump s voice as he bashes him during a speech. Interestingly enough, Christie has now endorsed Trump and was recently embarrassed tremendously by the business mogul   probably for this horrible impression.While these politicians should have probably left the impersonations to the comedians, we can t blame them for wanting to make fun of everyone s least favorite person. We can only imagine what it s like to work so closely with someone as irritatingly awful as Trump   so these candidates can blast him all they want. But in closing, we ll leave you with this epic Trump impersonation from Jimmy Fallon, who absolutely nailed it:Featured image is a screenshot",0
7692," Despite Republican’s Best Efforts, SCOTUS Just Allowed Louisiana Abortion Clinics To Reopen","Much to the dismay of so-called  pro-life  Republicans, the Supreme Court handed down an order allowing Louisiana Abortion clinics to reopen after a fringe right-wing appeals court forced them to close.The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit issued what it called an  emergency decision  that permitted an anti-abortion law they knew was unconstitutional to go into effect in Louisiana. This law, like many others of its kind, did not serve any practical purpose other than to effectively ban all abortion within the state.This particular law required physicians that perform abortions to have admitting privileges at local hospitals. It s a completely unnecessary requirement since nearly all abortions do not require any form of admittance to a hospital and only serves to place undue burdens on vulnerable women and their physicians that are trying to help them.The Fifth Circuit Court has a history of allowing laws that it knows are going to be found unconstitutional to get implemented anyway. They got clear warnings from the Supreme Court that they should not allow these laws to proceed, due to the obvious unconstitutionality of them plus the precedent of the 5th circuits own decisions getting struck down in the past regarding them. However, they just keep upholding them, forcing a waste of taxpayer money and time by making them get elevated to the Supreme Court of the United States.Twice before, the Fifth Circuit has had decisions get struck down by SCOTUS from laws passed in Texas alone. One time they issued a partial stay, allowing some of Texas s abortion clinics to remain open. A second time SCOTUS handed down a more comprehensive stay of what is the Fifth Circuit s most draconian anti-abortion decision to date, in the case of Whole Woman s Health V. Cole. This is the exact same type of law that the Louisiana one was, in that it called for admitting privileges for doctors that provide abortions.In the Louisiana decision, only Clarence Thomas dissented from the opinion of the court which allowed the state s clinics to re-open   giving an indicator the right-wing s irrational obsession with women s bodies may have finally gone too far.Featured image via wikicommons",0
7693, Trump Bails On CPAC And Republicans Are Now Beyond PISSED At His Antics (TWEET),"It looks as though the man most likely to get the Republican presidential nomination has decided to skip out on the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC). Donald Trump was set to appear Saturday morning, but has instead decided he rather stick to campaigning.CPAC tweeted this out Friday morning:Very disappointed @realDonaldTrump has decided at the last minute to drop out of #CPAC   his choice sends a clear message to conservatives.  CPAC (@CPAC) March 4, 2016And indeed it does send a clear message. Speaking at CPAC has always been a sought after way to not only prove how loyal you are to Republican principles, but it also allows you the opportunity to speak in front of those whom many desire support from.Trump s campaign released this statement explaining their reasoning to skip CPAC: The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign has just announced it will be in Witchita, Kanas for a major rally on Saturday prior to Caucus. He will also be speaking at the Kansas Caucus and then departing for Orlando, Florida and a crowd of approximately 20,000 people or more. Because of this, he will not be able to speak at CPAC as he has done for many consecutive years. Mr. Trump would like to thank Matt Schlapp and all of the executives at CPAC and looks forward to returning to next year, hopefully as President of the United States. In response to Trump bailing, the American Conservative Union who organizes CPAC, said: We are very disappointed Donald Trump has decided at the last minute to drop out of CPAC. This comes at a critical time in our movement s history. His decision sends a clear message to grassroots conservatives CPAC is the heart and soul of the conservative movement and will be, with or without Mr. Trump. Since we invited him several months ago and Mr. Trump accepted our invitation and terms  we made it clear all candidates would follow the same format. And now he is backing out. Every other Republican presidential candidate is slated to appear and will be speaking.But of course, trying to stay relevant, Newt Gingrich quickly supporter Trump s decision:Trump was right to skip CPAC. The votes are in Kansas not Washington. Why give the anti-trump activists a target  Newt Gingrich (@newtgingrich) March 4, 2016And while sure, Trump is very focused on winning the Republican primary, it wouldn t have been much to take the brief amount of time to speak one morning and then return to the campaign trail. He s clearly not just skipping CPAC to campaign, but rather to send a message that he s not playing by Republican rules that have long since been the conservative standard in the election process.Featured image: flickr",0
7694, These 4 Trump University Secrets Will Give Democrats The Ammo To Destroy Trump In November,"Leading presidential candidate and former reality TV star Donald Trump gets angry any time reporters or his political rivals bring up Trump University and the legal problems associated with the enterprise that made him a significant amount of money. Already Republican super PACs are attacking Trump on the issue. But here are 4 secrets about Trump University that Democrats are sure to use against him in the fall election, which could quickly deny him the White House.Trump University was actually a series of seminars often organized and held in the lobbies of hotels across the country, preying on people who hoped to duplicate the success Donald Trump claims he has had in the real estate industry. The  school  promised regular Joes and Jills they would have access to Trump s unique insights and techniques.In an email to prospective clients, Trump bragged,  Seventy-six percent of the world s millionaires made their fortunes in real estate  and told people,  My father did it, I did it, and now I m ready to teach you how to do it. Of course, Trump s father  did it  by reportedly engaging in racist practices while a landlord, and Trump himself started out with a million-dollar loan from his dad and a series of shaky deals built on other people s money, sometimes resulting in bankruptcies.Less than a year after the business launched in 2004, the New York State Department of Education said it was operating an unlicensed educational institution, a violation a state law. So by 2010, the name was changed to  Trump Entrepreneur Initiative. Trump University is being sued in New York by attorney general Eric T. Schneiderman and in two class action lawsuits in California.In the New York lawsuit, the school has been accused of being a  bait and switch  operation that relied on totally false advertising.One ad published at least 170 times across the country in 2009, according to Mr. Schneiderman s office, promised that students would  learn from Donald Trump s handpicked instructors, and that participants would have access to Trump s real estate  secrets.   But an investigation by Mr. Schneiderman s office found that Mr. Trump had little to do with picking instructors or developing the curriculums for the seminars, which were run largely by people with motivational speaking backgrounds who were compensated based on how many people they persuaded to buy additional seminars. One of them was a manager at a Buffalo Wild Wings.Here s one of the adsKathleen Meese of Schoharie, N.Y. was caring for her son with Down syndrome attended a Trump University three-day conference at a hotel in Malta, N.Y. and was then hit with a hard sell in which she was told she could make money faster if she signed up for the  Gold Elite  program which cost $25,000. She said a Trump University trainer pressured her into putting the costs on her credit card that only had a $30,000 limit who told her  I had to find the resources to invest in my future. In an affidavit in the New York lawsuit against Trump, Meese testified that all that money bought her was a few visits to some rental properties, noting,  I was unable to get my refund and am still paying off debts from my Trump tuition. Trump University students say they were led to believe that at the seminar they would get the opportunity to take a photo with Trump himself, which of course is something a wannabe real estate mogul would love to get a shot at.Instead of a photo with the real-live Trump, they were instead directed to stand next to a cardboard cutout of Trump for a picture.Here is an example of one such photo:I don't know why people say Trump University was a scam: a photo with my cardboard cutout is totally worth $36,000! pic.twitter.com/LW7q8FZ6Uo  Donald J. Trump (@CandidateTrump) February 27, 2016Featured image via SF Gate",0
7695," President Obama Strikes Back At Trump’s Idiotic Slogan, And It’s Beyond Perfect","Republicans this election cycle have the difficult task of trying to convince the American voting public that they would be a better choice than a Democrat. After all, it is President Obama that has led the nation out of one of the worst economic recessions since the Great Depression, and the numbers simply don t lie, jobs are up, unemployment is down, and more people than ever have access to health care. So, when Republican candidates want to appeal to their voting base that somehow all of these facts are bad, they have resorted to lies and propaganda politicking.One of the worst spreading the lie that the country is down in the dumps, even though all evidence points to the contrary, is Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump. He s been touting his ridiculous slogan  Make America Great Again  since he began. However, America already is great, so it leaves one to wonder what exactly he wants to bring our nation back to. The failed fiscal policies under Republican leadership? Pre-Civil Rights discrimination? Keeping women out of the workforce? Who knows, really.Fed up with this atrocious lie is none other that President Obama, and speaking to reporters on Friday at the White House, the president said: That is progress. Six straight years of job creation The numbers, the facts, don t lie. Then taking a direct shot at Trump s ridiculously idiotic slogan that implies the nation isn t already doing well, Obama says: I think it s useful, given that there seems to be an alternative reality out there, from some of the political folks, that America s down in the dumps. It s not. America is pretty darn great right now, and making strides right now. Speaking further on why President Obama chose to go after Trump s slogan as he did, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest reiterated the president s sentiments, saying: The longer-term trends were further cemented in this month s job numbers There s a vigorous political debate going on in the country. The debate in the general election will be focused on whether or not we build on the progress that we ve made over the last seven years   or are we going to turn back to the policies that actually led to the  Great Recession ? And that s just it. Republicans keep going after Obama, but truth be told, things have gotten remarkably better and just keep continuing along that trend. If anything, the president should be wearing a hat reading,  Made American Great Again. Featured image: Pete Souza Instragam",0
7696, Lunatic Right-Winger Uses Girl Scout Cookies As Reason To End Laws Against Child Labor,"Right-wingers never have been very smart, but this one really takes the cake. There is an idea that the fact Girl Scout cookies are sold means America needs to end child labor laws. No, this isn t a joke and it isn t an exaggeration.A piece from The Federalist  is suggesting that children engaging in an annual fundraising drive by selling cookies are somehow no more offensive than 10-year-olds working in steel mills, or coal mines, for 10 or more hours per day, 7 days a week.To quote the article:The Girl Scout cookie program, in other words, teaches young girls how to be entrepreneurs; it teaches them how to work. It is, after a fashion, child labor. The great scandal is not that the Girl Scouts are promoting child labor, it s that there isn t more child labor in the United States today.Source: The FederalistThe author then complains about the fact the government has outlawed  every meaningful kind  of occupation for children younger than 14, Citing  any manufacturing occupation,   most processing occupations,   all work requiring the use of ladders, scaffolds or their substitutes,   outside window washing. Children younger than 14 should not have any meaningful kind of occupation other than school student! The sheer insanity of this is beyond words.He goes on to say that there is even a  strong case  for abolishing what he calls  compulsory education,  by letting them not go to school in exchange for being able to work full-time instead. I m sure a 10-year-old will land a good-paying full-time job where they can support themselves over the next 70 years with no schooling.The American right-wing has totally gone off the deep end. You might say  But this is only one writer s opinion.  The problem is, it isn t. Elected federal-level Republicans have resurrected the idea of removing safeguards against child labor just a few years ago. Even wannabe presidential candidates have advocated for it. It s a real thing that Republicans want to do, and that scares the hell out of me.If those freeloading Girl Scouts can safely sell harmless boxes of cookies for one month a year, why aren t they working the other 11 months in a steel mill instead of wasting time being  forced  to go to school. Right? God help us if these people take control.Featured image via wikicommons",0
7697, Trump Promises To Defend Racist Fans That Attack Protesters (VIDEO),"When Donald Trump isn t bragging about the size of his d*ck, threatening his enemies, spouting horrific racist remarks, attacking easy targets Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio, or screaming angrily that prominent religious figures disagree with his bigotry, he falls back on one of his favorite hobbies: enjoying the show as his racist, violent supporters beat people up in his name. It s almost impossible to watch the three-ring circus that is a Trump rally without seeing his uneducated fans beat someone up for expressing an opinion.Trump s supporters  favorite targets are rather unsurprising given his massive support among white supremacists. Recently, The Donald ordered police to remove about 30 peaceful African-American students from one of his rallies just for being there while black. But, of course, things could have been much worse for them. Normally, if an African-American speaks out against Trump at one of his events, he or she is met with violence.After an African-American man at a rally in Birmingham, Alabama, stood up for himself and declared that black lives matter just as much as white lives, Trump supporters descended on him, punching, kicking, and dragging the man simply because expressed an opinion as well as calling him a  n*gger  and other slurs. Trump could have denounced this violence and hate. Instead, he explained that  maybe he should have been roughed up. One Trump supporter, Robert Kiger, told CNN at the time that the man deserved it because Birmingham, Alabama, a historical hotbed of KKK activity in which many civil rights battles took place, is  no place for Black Lives Matter to try to bring their issues to the forefront. More recently, a Trump fan was discharged from the United States Marine Corp. for his role in an attack on a black woman at a rally in Louisville, Kentucky. Again, Trump responded to the controversy surrounding the regular attacks (In this case, he chose to reference an attack on a New Hampshire protester who was one of the few white people his supporters attacked) by telling his supporters it s OK to attack  protesters. The Donald called the various beatings protesters receive at the hands of his fans  really amazing to watch,  and explained that he was tired of  political correctness    the right-wing term for not being a homophobic, racist, misogynist prick   when it came to how dissent is handled at his rallies. When he was interrupted by a protester, he again condoned his supporters  actions: Are Trump rallies the most fun?  he said.  We re having a good time.  While most would consider an environment where violence is the response to mild dissent an absolute f*cking nightmare,While most would consider an environment where violence is the response to mild dissent an absolute f*cking nightmare, Trump and his fans embrace it wholeheartedly.Watch Trump give his supporters permission to attack protesters below:Featured image via screengrab",0
7698, A Greyhound Driver Kicked A Black Woman Off The Bus For Refusing To Move To The Back,"On December 1, 1955 in Montgomery, Alabama, Rosa Parks bravely defied a bus driver s orders to give her seat to a white person and move to the back of the bus. Parks  refusal is remembered as one of the greatest moments in civil rights history and, unfortunately, history has a way of repeating itself. Now, a California lawsuit has many comparing a San Fransisco woman to Rosa Parks   with very good reason.Toni Young was traveling via Greyhound to a family celebration in Sacramento. The African-American woman sat at the front of a bus driven by Caucasian lady Cynthia Lara. The driver explained to Young that she was expecting an elderly woman to board once they reached Sacramento   Young s destination   and that she would need to move to the back of the bus.Young explained that she would be getting off the bus in Sacramento, and that the seat would be available when it was needed. This was not good enough for Lara, however, and she insisted that Young move, complaining that the woman was far too uppity. Young  quietly  complied, but her attorney, Michael Adams, explains: My client quietly said to her,  You don t have to have an attitude about this . Lara then   loudly asserted that she did not have any attitude  and called for security to remove Young from the bus in Oakland. At that point, Young says Lara  loudly muttered  a racial slur. It was shocking to me that we have an incident like this reminiscent of the Rosa Parks incident many years ago,  Adams says. Young then had to wait several hours for another bus. While she awaited her new transportation, she asked for paperwork to file a complaint, but was told Greyhound was out of the forms. She requested to speak to a manager, but was informed none were available.Young eventually reached Sacramento, but the family celebration had ended by the time she arrived. It was the most dehumanizing incident of my life,  explained Young.  I will never ride a Greyhound bus again. Young says she suffers from psychological trauma, including post-traumatic stress disorder, depression and anxiety. She is seeking punitive damages from the company. It was shocking to me that we have an incident like this reminiscent of the Rosa Parks incident many years ago,  Adams says, pointing to an incident last year when a group of African-American women were kicked off a Napa Valley Wine Train for  laughing while black. Society seems to be backsliding,  he says.Sadly, he is right. After all, Donald Trump is going to be the Republican nominee.Featured image via Raw Story",0
7699, Highly Ranked Draft Prospect Asked By NFL Coach If He Was Gay During Meeting,"It what can only be seen as completely unacceptable, one of the top NFL draft prospects was just asked by an NFL coach if they were gay during a meeting. Eli Apple, star cornerback coming out of Ohio State, met with an Atlanta Falcons coach last week. According to Apple, the coach who has not yet been identified, asked him point-blank,  So do you like men? Apple told Comcast SportsNet: I ve been asked a lot of weird questions. I don t know if I could say on TV. The Falcons coach, one of the coaches, was like,  So do you like men?  It was like the first thing he asked me. It was weird. I was just like,  no.  He was like,  if you re going to come to Atlanta, sometimes that s how it is around here, you re going to have to get used to it.  I guess he was joking but they just ask most of these questions to see how you re going to react. How did this coach think that question would, in any way, be appropriate. If Apple were gay, which he is not, what difference would it make? And for that to be one of the first things asked is just beyond odd.Fortunately, Falcons Head Coach Dan Quinn was equally as appalled as pretty much everyone else finding out about this line of question and released the following statement regarding what happened with Apple: I am really disappointed in the question that was asked by one of our coaches. I have spoken to the coach that interviewed Eli Apple and explained to him how inappropriate and unprofessional this was. I have reiterated this to the entire coaching staff and I want to apologize to Eli for this even coming up. This is not what the Atlanta Falcons are about and it is not how we are going to conduct ourselves. Hopefully, the coach who asked this inappropriate line of questions receives more of a consequence than just a stern talking to, but at least Quinn is willing to acknowledge the fault in this line of questioning to any player, regardless of sexual orientation. Add this to the long list of things the NFL needs to work on.Featured image: Evan Habeeb-USA TODAY Sports ",0
7700, 97-Year-Old Woman Dies After Being Evicted From Her Lifelong Home (VIDEO),"Marie Hatch, a 97-year-old California resident who has been battling an eviction notice since early February, died on March 3.Ms. Hatch made national headlines last month, after a family member, Lisa Krieger, posted her story on gofundme.com. Marie Hatch is my sister s former mother-in-law, and she is 97 years old. She has lived in the same house in Burlingame for 66 years.  As she has no email or tech savvy at 97 years of age, and as her life-long friend, I am starting this fund for her. On Feb. 11, she was served with a 60-day notice to vacate the house or be tossed out by sheriff s deputies. Marie is fighting her second battle with cancer and has no more in her savings account.  The man who is evicting her inherited the house by default from his estranged wife who was murdered.  His wife, her mother AND her grandmother all promised Marie that she could live out her natural life in the house. According to the post, Ms. Hatch worked hard throughout her life, in order to be able to remain in her home. She and her roommate, 85-year-old Georgia Rothrock, paid $900 a month to live in the 2 bedroom house.In February, ABC News interviewed the elderly woman at her California home.During the interview, Ms. Hatch was asked where she would go if she had to leave her home.  I don t know,  she answered, saying,  I don t have the slightest idea where I m gonna go.  She paused for a moment, before telling the interviewer,  That s why I don t sleep good at nights. Watch the brief interview below.The Internet came together to try to help Ms. Hatch stay in her home. The gofundme.com page raised $47,212.People from all across the country made phone calls and wrote letters on behalf of the elderly woman.On March 3, Lisa Krieger informed supporters on gofundme.com of Ms. Hatch s death, writing, I m sorry to have to post this, but Marie passed away earlier this evening. She was unable to fight off the respiratory virus that landed her in the hospital a couple of days ago. She was at home with her son when she died. She has been through a lot since February 11, and her body and spirit were too weak to sustain her. Thank you for all your support. Currently, I m at a loss for words. Thank you. During an interview with Mercury News, the pro bono attorneys representing her said  There is no doubt that the callous eviction of Marie Hatch has caused her death. According to ABC News, the two bedroom home which Ms. Hatch moved into in the 1950s, was valued at more than $1.5 million on today s market.It s a sad commentary on  American values,  that Ms. Hatch spent her last days on earth worrying about being ripped from her home of more than six decades, all because of another person s greed.Sadly, Marie Hatch is not alone.The rising cost of housing has forced many seniors from their homes in recent years.Seniors like Hatch are often forced to rely on a fixed income. As living costs continue to rise across the country, seniors find that their income is stretched beyond its limits. Many are forced to leave lifelong homes, taking up residence in low-income or government subsidized housing in response to rising costs.What s more, between 2007 and 2011, more than 1.5 million older Americans lost their homes to foreclosure. As the New York Times reports here, the highest percentage of those were seniors over the age of 75.Remember the American dream? That was when hard-working Americans were able to buy a home and pay off a mortgage before retirement age.For a growing majority of Americans, that dream will never be a reality. Instead, seniors are more likely to be forced from their homes at or near the end of their lives.That s something we need to change.RIP Marie.Featured image credit: video screen capture from ABC News",0
7701, Republicans Had Total Control Of This State And Its About To Collapse,"Bobby Jindal abandoned his home state of Louisiana to mount a completely pathetic campaign for President. He pranced around with cast members of Duck Dynasty, cheered the far right, and made a fool of himself, exiting the race long before a single vote was cast.Behind him, he left Louisiana, which has a Republican-dominated legislature and is facing an unprecedented calamity which now has to be repaired by its new Democratic governor, John Bel Edwards.Louisiana now stands at the brink economic disaster. Without sharp and painful tax increases in the coming weeks, the government will cease to offer many of its vital services, including education opportunities and certain programs for the needy. A few universities will shut down and declare bankruptcy. Graduations will be cancelled. Students will lose scholarships. Select hospitals will close. Patients will lose funding for treatment of disabilities. Some reports of child abuse will go uninvestigated. Doomsday,  said Marketa Garner Walters, the head of Louisiana s Department of Children & Family Services. If the state can t raise any new revenue, her agency s budget, like several others, will be slashed 60 percent.Jindal  cut taxes for the wealthy during his eight years in office, and created brand new giveaway subsidies to big business   that created a giant deficit, even though conservative Republicans claim to be fiscal geniuses.And now Louisiana may be forced to raise taxes on a population where 18% live below the poverty line, as well as implement cuts on services helping those same people who need it the most.The state is a mess, but it isn t out the ordinary for Republican-run states that often claim they are perfect examples of the right s philosophies, in a positive way.On the same day that the overall national jobs report beat expectations and the country continued its jobs growth record under President Obama, Republican-dominated Kansas again had a major failure. The state LOST 4,000 jobs all in the month of January, and has only added 1,400 jobs across the entire state in the last 12 months. The state has only grown 0.1 percent while the country has grown 1.9 percent.Republican-run states have a terrible future in front of them, but their GOP leaders are so blinded by ideology they don t even notice the lives they are ruining.Featured image via Flickr",0
7702, Twitter Goes Ballistic After Trump’s Penis Joke: ‘Some Things You Just Can’t Fact-Check’ (TWEETS),"Last night, the Republican primary went where no debate has ever gone before when it literally became a contest about penis size.This happened less than fifteen minutes into the eleventh GOP debate, when Trump addressed rival Marco Rubio s comments about his unnaturally small hands by assuring America that there was  no problem with the size of his junk. No one could believe that a presidential debate could devolve into such an immature, petty discussion   but you can always count on Trump to help the country sink to new lows.While many of us were probably stuck in a depressive state, wallowing over the fact that a nationally-televised event to vet the future president of the country has just been overtaken by a penis joke, Twitter swooped in to save the day. As soon as Trump made his ill-timed joke, Twitter was flooded with the most clever, hilarious reactions and gave everyone some much-needed perspective to keep us afloat as Trump continues to dominate the Republican polls.Here are some of the most amazing responses to Trump, to momentarily distract you from the fact that the guy who made a penis joke at the GOP debate might actually win the nomination:TwitterTwitterMany were anticipating what the media was going to do with this disastrous frat boy moment.TwitterThe New York Post and Huffington Post didn t disappoint:Twitter TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterLast night s GOP debate was less about policy and the future of America than it was about Trump and his innate ability to made any serious political matter an absolute circus and spectacle. America cannot risk having someone like him fronting the GOP. Even though it would be an easy win for the Democrats, the fact that Trump has been able to gather the support of so many Americans is depressing. For most Americans watching the GOP debate last night, this tweet sums it up:Twitter Featured image via screenshot",0
7703, The Daily Show Destroys Republican Claims That Democrats Are The Real Racists (VIDEO),"This is one Daily Show segment that every Republican should be forced to watch over and over until they learn the true history of their own party.On Thursday night, Trevor Noah tackled the Republican claim that Democrats are the real racists because Lincoln freed the slaves and the KKK backed Democrats for decades after the Civil War.Earlier this week, former Obama adviser Van Jones had a heated argument with right-wing CNN contributor Jeffrey Lord, who defended Donald Trump by claiming that the KKK is a Democratic creation built to  further the progressive agenda. What the f*ck?  Noah responded.  I ve seen this argument on Facebook   in fact, I ve seen it everywhere online.  Did you know that Democrats are the real racist party? And did you know the Republican Party freed the slaves? Noah called Lord s claim  bullshit,  and proceeded to delve into history to demonstrate how the KKK switched their allegiance to the Republican Party. A lot of people like to skip over the fact that, when it comes to race relations, historically, Republicans and Democrats switched positions,  Noah said.  Yeah. Republicans were basically Democrats, and Democrats were basically Republicans. Noah explained that while it s true that the KKK supported Democrats for decades after Lincoln freed and slaves, the white supremacist group switched to a more welcoming Republican Party in the 1960s after Democrats began supporting and enacting policies like the Civil Rights Act and the Voting Rights Act. Presidents Harry S Truman and Lyndon Johnson, both southerners, angered what became known as the Dixiecrats, Southern Democrats who left the Democratic Party starting in 1948 in opposition to the expansion of civil rights.Johnson would predict while signing the Civil Rights Act of 1965 that Democrats just  lost the South for a generation. He was half-right,  Noah said,  because, in fact, the Democrats lost the South for more than a generation. Indeed, the once proud party of Lincoln quickly became a big tent for racists to flock to for shelter and it has not only remained that way ever since, the racists have now seized control of the party entirely.Noah even used  huge racist  former Senator Strom Thurmond as an example of how Southern Democrats turned Republican. Strom Thurmond was among the most racist politicians of his generation, and in the  60s, he switched to being a Republican because he felt more welcome,  Noah said of Thurmond, who started his political career as a Democrat in the 1930s. Just because something used to be something, doesn t mean it still is,  Noah said.  What matters more is what it is now. Like a butterfly used to be a caterpillar   you don t call it a flying caterpillar. Here s the video via Comedy Central:The Daily Show with Trevor Noah Get More: The Daily Show Full Episodes,The Daily Show on Facebook,The Daily Show Video ArchiveIn short, what matters is that the Republican Party is associated with the KKK and the KKK supports the Republican Party. That s been the case for a few decades now, but it s incredibly obvious today in 2016. And America is now dangerously close to having a President who pals around with the KKK and other white supremacists.Featured image: Houston Chronicle",0
7704, Colbert Shreds The GOP For Creating Trump And This One Fact They Forgot (VIDEO),"During a segment on the Late Show, host Stephen Colbert ripped the GOP for creating the  monster  that is Donald Trump. Republicans are right now working double time to slay the beast.Right now, the GOP s strategy is to urge people to vote for any candidate who they think can win enough delegates to take down Trump. Mocking this strategy, Colbert says: What an inspiring message for the world s greatest democracy. Don t vote for who you think should be president, vote for whichever candidate in your state has the best chance of keeping Trump from getting enough delegates. It s a system often employed by bros in bars that rhymes with clock block. The GOP has cast Mitt Romney as their knight in Republican red. The Republican establishment thinks that Romney s anti-Trump political crusade might be what is needed to halt Trump in his tracks. However, as Colbert notes, there is something that the GOP seems to have forgotten   Trump isn t a politician. This guy says that s the only way to save democracy from the voters. After you vote, maybe they ll give you a sticker that says,  I did what Mitt Romney told me to do.  This game of ganging up on the popular guy that s actually winning, that s not democracy   that s a reality show strategy. And that s Trump s home turf. Do you honestly think you re going to be better at this than him? Trump is not running a political campaign,  Colbert continues.  He s a reality show contestant who has established himself as a villain to polarize the audience and then do whatever it takes to get to the final tribal council to get the rose that lets him have sex with the top chef. Then you get to name a Supreme Court justice in the fantasy suite. It looks like the only thing that will take down Trump s campaign is the Democratic nominee. Fortunately, polls indicate that there is an almost guaranteed chance of a Dem trouncing Trump in the general election.You can watch the segment below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
7705, Fox News Shows REAL REACTION From Demoralized GOP Focus Group Full Of Trump Supporters (VIDEO),"The Donald Trump bandwagon is beginning to show signs of wear and tear. In what can only be described as an unusual move, Fox News decided to air a segment of a post-debate interview with a focus group who couldn t have been more disappointed with what they just witnessed. Think of the ramifications. Donald Trump is so dangerous at this point that Fox News is willing to abandon everything it holds dear and tell the truth about how things actually work.The group is mostly Trump supporters, but only one walks away thinking the Donald won. The others withheld any semblance of a smile or any emotion rather than pure disgust. When the interviewer polls an entire row of people on one word to describe the event, the results are eerily similar to watching the people who still go watch their baseball team in late August after 120 losses. Words like  disgusting  and  childish  come up and you can tell that these people mean business.There has to come a point, even for the Trump supporter, when enough is enough. The time is about to come when Trump is thrust out of the local sports facility and into the world where he needs to earn votes from people looking to understand the issues. Walls and removing all Muslims and open hatred for anyone and everyone works well among the imbeciles who pay seven bucks for a beer at a Trump event, but not so well for people who live in the real world.Wait until you see the expressions on their faces. The interviewer as well. They all look so mortified by the general state of affairs at the GOP debate. As they should be. They should be worried about the general state of affairs of the GOP. They re running around in circles right now trying to figure out what to do next. The establishment that was so concerned of a Trump third-party run may have to consider one themselves, if for nothing other than ensure Trump loses. A Trump presidency would spell the end of the Republican party. They would be the laughing-stock of politics across the globe.All of that would have to start right here at home, where at least according to Fox News, things aren t so hunky-dory in the Trump camp:https://www.facebook.com/Mediamatters/videos/10153471166111167/?permPage=1Featured image from screen capture",0
7706," Actor George Clooney: I Support Hillary, And Donald Trump Is A Fascist","Hillary Clinton has picked up a huge endorsement, and Donald Trump isn t going to like it one bit.Movie star George Clooney professed his support of the former Secretary of State during an exclusive interview with the Guardian.Clooney, who has starred in films such as The Monuments Men, The Perfect Storm, and Tomorrowland among many others, was chatting about his newest film Hail, Caesar! when he was asked if he would ever consider running for president himself. I am a Hillary supporter,  he declared.  I am doing a fundraiser for her.  And that s a big deal considering the shindig he threw in support of President Obama in 2012 netted $12 million in one night.But Clooney also showed love for Clinton s Democratic rival Bernie Sanders. I really love Bernie Sanders, and am really glad he is in the debate. He is forcing the conversation to things that never get talked about in US politics: disparity between the rich and the poor, which is getting worse and worse every day. However, Clooney went on to say that Sanders  focus on that one issue is hurting him in the polls.When it comes to Donald Trump, Clooney is even more blunt.  He s just an opportunist. Now he s a fascist; a xenophobic fascist,  he said.Indeed, Trump s campaign has become a lightning rod for white supremacists and Neo-Nazis who believe the Republican front-runner will make America white again and give racists the absolute freedom to treat people of color and non-Christians like vermin.And this isn t the first time Trump has been labeled a fascist. Daily Show host Trevor Noah looked at the traits of fascism and revealed that Trump does, in fact, sounds and acts like the perfect fascist, which includes  a cult of action, celebrating aggressive masculinity, fear of outsiders, intense nationalism, intolerance of criticism, and resentment of national humiliation. But Clooney believes that Americans will make the right choice in November, and even quoted Winston Churchill:  You can count on Americans to do the right thing after they ve exhausted all the other possibilities. Let s just hope Americans don t make one more wrong choice before it s too late to do the right thing.Featured image: Wikimedia",0
7707, Bill O’Reilly Appears ‘Stumble Drunk’ As He Tries To Interview Candidates After The GOP Debate (VIDEO/TWEETS),"Fox News veteran Bill O Reilly is being slaughtered on Twitter today for appearing  stumble drunk  as he attempted to interview the candidates after Thursday night s GOP debate.Reviewing the footage, it is clear that O Reilly appears to be  tired and emotional, tripping over words and making many long and uncomfortable pauses as he gazes off into the middle distance. Patton Oswald took to Twitter to accuse the host of being drunk.Holy shit. I want to turn away but Bill O'Reilly is TRUMAN CAPOTE TALKSHOW DRUNK. #wow  Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) March 4, 2016But a quick search of Twitter reveals that Oswalt was far from the only viewer that found O Reilly s performance somewhat suspicious. During an interview with Ted Cruz, O Reilly had particular trouble attempting to pronounce words of more than two syllables.@SamSeder Why on earth do you think O'Reilly is drunk? pic.twitter.com/41Flj5J9bn  Kram Otrop (@mark_esque) March 4, 2016And during an interview with Donald Trump, O Reilly seemed barely able to keep his eyes focussed, or stand up straight.So sociable that Trump pic.twitter.com/wZBabwcPhN  Brownette (@beach41st) March 4, 2016John Ross Bowie drew an amusing comparison to this moment below @wilw @pattonoswalt O'Reilly stumble drunk is the only way this could be sadder.  Gerry Duggan (@GerryDuggan) March 4, 2016The host also seemed, at one stage, to be incapable of remembering the name of his own show.Is this how Bill O'Reilly always sounds or did the #GOPDebate go a bit too long? https://t.co/pdqIEwsM9y  Alex Konrad (@alexrkonrad) March 4, 2016It did also appear that O Reilly was ready to break into song. Perhaps a lament at the demise of his beloved Republican Party?Bill O'Reilly just almost shouted ""Live from NY it's Saturday night"" https://t.co/lZNw6uunwA  Alex Konrad (@alexrkonrad) March 4, 2016Whether O Reilly was over-tired, or simply hammered   it s hard to blame him considering the car crash that is unfolding within the GOP. Both the front runners are radical extremists. On the one hand, the old-style vainglorious authoritarian Donald Trump   who has all but won the nomination. And his nearest rival, the fire and brimstone creationist theocrat Ted Cruz   who would be every bit as dangerous were he to gain access to the White House.The whole election cycle has descended into a playground brawl amongst toddler tyrants. A gang of extremists so far beyond the pale that Mitt Romney is being wheeled out as a moderate.If O Reilly is drinking, we find it hard to blame him. Someone has to toast the end of the Republican Party.Featured Image via Screengrab",0
7708, Lifetime Republican Voter Thanks President Obama For Saving His Life With Obamacare,"Republican lawmakers hate Obamacare, but it s saving the lives of Republican voters.Even though Brent Brown hated the Affordable Care Act and refused to vote for President Obama in 2008 and 2012, the lifetime GOP voter from Wisconsin wrote a letter to the Democratic Commander-in-Chief apologizing for all the bad things he said and thanking Obama for saving his life.Brown thanked President Obama because the Affordable Care Act allowed him to finally access the medication he needs to  stabilize my condition. Prior to the passage of the landmark healthcare legislation, Brown had been denied health insurance because of a pre-existing condition. But because Obamacare requires insurance companies to cover people with pre-existing conditions, Brown was able to get the care he needed.So he wrote a heartfelt letter to President Obama in June, which the White House posted online, thanking him for saving his life and  for being my President.  Brown also admitted that he was wrong about the healthcare law.Here s the full letter via the White House.To My President,I sincerely hope that this reaches you, as far too often praise is hard to come by. Apologies to people who deserve it perhaps even less so.I did not vote for you. Either time. I have voted Republican for the entirety of my life. I proudly wore pins and planted banners displaying my Republican loyalty. I was very vocal in my opposition to you particularly the ACA.Before I briefly explain my story allow me to first say this: I am so very sorry. I understand written content cannot convey emotions very well but my level of conviction has me in tears as I write this. I was so very wrong. So very very wrong.You saved my life. I want that to sink into your ears and mind. My President, you saved my life, and I am eternally grateful.I have a  pre-existing condition  and so could never purchase health insurance. Only after the ACA came into being could I be covered. Put simply to not take up too much of your time if you are in fact taking the time to read this: I would not be alive without access to care I received due to your law. So thank you from a dumb young man who thought he knew it all and who said things about you that he now regrets. Thank you for serving me even when I didn t vote for you.Thank you for being my President.Honored to have lived under your leadership and guidance,Brent Nathan BrownIn a follow-up letter, Brown updated President Obama on how he is doing thanks to the Affordable Care Act.The Affordable Care Act saved my life. I can now say, after several surgeries, that I m in recovery from what was a serious autoimmune disease I was finally able to receive the quality of care that had eluded me for years. I was able to consult the top surgeon in my state for the particular surgery I needed. I was able to receive the stabilizing drug that was always hidden behind a doctor s apology:  I m sorry, Mr. Brown, we have to take your financial consideration into account.  I was able to stay at one of the best equipped hospitals in my state for as long as I needed, without having to worry about checking myself out early because of cost concerns. I had hope.If Republican lawmakers have their way, people like Brent Brown would lose this hope. They would be stripped of the newly found healthcare that they have waited years to finally receive. This letter is not only a testament to how Obamacare is helping millions of Americans, it s a warning to Republicans that they would be hurting their own voters by repealing the ACA.Brent Brown is a shining example of the Affordable Care Act s success and necessity, and he had the courage to say he was wrong and thank President Obama for fighting for him. It s too bad other Republicans refuse to do the same.Featured Image: Flickr",0
7709, Trump Literally Stops The GOP Debate To Inform Us All About The Size Of His Penis (VIDEO),"The GOP Presidential Primary hit a new low on Thursday night as the debate descended into a literal cockfight, with Donald Trump attempting to convince us all about the satisfactory size of his manhood. This is not satire. This actually happened.The weirdest campaign moment yet came after a plea by Marco Rubio that the GOP candidates end their war of insults, and keep the debate to a battle of ideas instead. At which point, Trump took us on a tangent, which ended with him telling us all about the size of his penis.Basically, Trump has been smarting for a quarter of a century over a slight made against him by journalist Graydon Carter. The Vanity Fair writer wrote a negative piece on Trump, in which he called him a  short-fingered vulgarian. Last October, Carter published a piece in Vanity Fair entitled: Why Donald Trump Will Always Be a  Short-Fingered Vulgarian - in which he detailed Trump s thin-skinned response to the criticism, and his refusal to let the matter go. He writes:Like so many bullies, Trump has skin of gossamer. He thinks nothing of saying the most hurtful thing about someone else, but when he hears a whisper that runs counter to his own vainglorious self-image, he coils like a caged ferret. Just to drive him a little bit crazy, I took to referring to him as a  short-fingered vulgarian  in the pages of Spy magazine. That was more than a quarter of a century ago. To this day, I receive the occasional envelope from Trump. There is always a photo of him generally a tear sheet from a magazine. On all of them he has circled his hand in gold Sharpie in a valiant effort to highlight the length of his fingers.And so it was, that Trump decided that a Primary debate to decide the Republican nominee for President of the United States, was the appropriate place to brag about the size of his penis. Look at those hands. Are they small hands?  he told the crowd, holding his (admittedly stubby) fingers out towards the audience and the cameras. He referred to my hands,  if they re small, something else must be small.  I guarantee you there s no problem. I guarantee. There was awkward laughter from the audience. There was probably much louder laughter around the world, as U.S. politics is turned into the kind of embarrassing spectacle that we are more used to seeing from North Korea or other banana republics. Donald Trump is fast becoming the Kim Jong Un of America: an over-fed, over-indulged, hyper-vain authoritarian who embarrasses his nation every time he embarrasses himself.  Featured Image by Gage Skidmore (Flickr Creative Commons)",0
7710, Hillary Perfectly Mocked The GOP Debate As It Happened With These HILARIOUS Tweets,"Well, no one can say Hillary Clinton doesn t have a sense of humor. That s for sure.If you were watching the latest Fox News Republican debate at home, you quickly realized that within minutes they were literally comparing  hand  size. It was a circus sideshow of the wildest magnitude. All the candidates were yelling over one another and literally nothing was getting discussed, because it was just insult after backhanded insult.Clearly noticing this ridiculousness was former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. During the debate she tweeted out:#GOPdebate pic.twitter.com/SGW200luN8  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) March 4, 2016This tweet is probably how most of us were feeling during the entirety of the GOP debate   absolutely bored. Nothing of substance was being discussed whatsoever. They were all just insulting each other and tearing each other down. They weren t talking about how their policy ideas will improve the lives of citizens. No, they were talking about how  great  they are, or how  wrong  the other person is. It was a shit show.Hillary also tweeted:True on foreign policy and literally everything else. #GOPdebate pic.twitter.com/kP4j13iwQV  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) March 4, 2016Marriage equality is the law of the land. Deal with it. #GOPdebate pic.twitter.com/gPS1BVgipl  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) March 4, 2016And the pi ce de r sistance:How many more of these do we have to sit through? Asking for a friend. #GOPdebate pic.twitter.com/AxGFlerSRW  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) March 4, 2016HA!At least Democrats can feel comforted knowing that BOTH of their candidates are viable, full of substance, and want to work for the American people, not themselves. This election is far too important to be left in the hands of those who just hurl insults at one another. Remember folks, no matter who   vote blue.Featured image via Instagram",0
7711, Sony Desperately Trying To Kill ‘Borat’ Actor’s New Movie Because Of Scene Where Trump Gets AIDS,"Always irreverent actor Sacha Baron Cohen, best known for  Borat , has a new movie coming out, but the movie s studio is frantically trying to prevent you from seeing it because of one particularly outrageous scene involving the current Republican front-runner.According to a report by The Huffington Post, Cohen s new film  The Brothers Grimsby  includes a subplot in which billionaire mogul and potential Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump  accidentally contracts HIV.  The scene in question has reportedly been getting rave reviews. Audiences at test screenings both international and in the United States were left cracking up.In a [one] scene, history repeats itself with  Daniel  getting shot and his infected blood landing in the mouth of Donald Trump.Unsurprisingly, there was a massive cheer when that happened.Overseas, where people find it hard to believe that America s political process is being hijacked by a guy like Trump, found an even more receptive audience.In Europe, there were standing ovations. The joke, done in Baron Cohen s standard over-the-top style, is proving cathartic to overseas audiences terrified by Trump s rise.Cheering someone getting HIV is a bit cruel   but Trump can t really complain. After all, during the Ebola crisis, he very publicly suggested American doctors be abandoned to die of the illness in Africa.The U.S. cannot allow EBOLA infected people back. People that go to far away places to help out are great-but must suffer the consequences!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 2, 2014But while audiences are cheering, Sony Pictures isn t laughing. Having slowly realized that, yes, Donald Trump is probably going to be the Republican presidential candidate despite having no actual political expertise and his unapologetic bigotry, the studio is freaking out. Their concerns are two-fold: First, they don t want to alienate the millions of Republican voters who suddenly adore Donald Trump. Second, they are worried that Trump himself will learn about the scene and literally sue them.Studio executives are nervous about angering the famously vengeful and litigious Trump, compounded by the possibility of getting on the wrong side of the possible next president. If you were told that they re shying away from the movie because of the political implications, I can tell you that s 100 percent true,  said a well-placed source.It s certainly not beyond the realm of possibility. Trump has, at various times, threatened to sue nearly every person, corporation, or newspaper on Earth. When the Washington Post tried to track down the number of lawsuits Trump has threatened over the years, they gave up, saying the number was too high to count.Hilariously, Sony s solution was to add a disclaimer to the beginning of the film that specifically tells audiences that Trump had nothing to do with the film   as if they needed to be told. This will, of course, have the unintended effect of bring more attention to Trump. Not so funny is the disturbing implications of a major motion pictures studio censoring one of its own movies (at a high cost) just to avoid angering the man who wants to be president. Already Trump has hinted that, if elected, he will begin dismantling parts of the First Amendment that deal with free press. Instead, he vowed to  open libel laws  so he can sue newspapers that attack him.It appears that just the threat of a lawsuit has already had a chilling effect on free speech. Sacha Baron Cohen brutally mocked America s jingoism and in-grained prejudices with  Borat  during the Bush years. If ever there was another time to take down a politician, it s now.Featured image via BBC screenshot",0
7712, Angry ‘Patriot’ Who Assaulted A Black Woman At A Trump Rally Finds Out It Ruined His Life(IMAGES),"Imagine if you will that you are one of the dullards who frequents Donald Trump rallies. Imagine that Donald Trump s rhetoric is actually exciting enough for you to become energized when he hits the stage. Now imagine that because you are of the low-information variety American voter, your favorite part of the show is the racism.You would be just like young Joseph Pryor, who was just kicked off of the US Marines  delayed enlistment program, meaning he will not EVER be a United States Marine, because of the antics he pulled in connection with the assault of a black woman at a recent Trump rally in Kentucky.Louisville police added to the mess the Trump supporters got themselves into by announcing they re looking at filing criminal charges against several people. There has been some speculation that Trump himself may be facing charges as a ringleader, but that is unconfirmed at this time. What we do know is that a woman was treated with the utmost of disrespect, was physically and verbally assaulted and quite possibly had her civil rights violated for no reason other than the color of her skin.It s a common scene at these things. Protesters stand as quietly as they can and are eventually discovered and removed with extreme prejudice. Trump security personnel, local police and tens of thousands of unruly thugs in red hats solves those issues while Trump stands on stage scanning for the next people to have booted out. It s nothing but a reality TV hook.Now this poor young man, whose racism may have just been a side-effect of being raised by idiots and who may have had hope with just a few more IQ points, will tell the story of how he sacrificed his military service for Donald Trump. His friends will toast him with Natural Ice until the day he dies of liver failure. He ll be buried with full honors by his World Of Warcraft buddies in a casket draped with the Gadsden Flag In an unsanmctioned cemetery slated to be paved for the new Walmart Supercenter parking lot.This guy isn t the first person to go full stupid for Donald Trump and lose big and he certainly won t be the last.Featured image from New York Daily News",0
7713, Donald Trump Humiliates Romney: He Would Have Dropped To His Knees To Get My Support (VIDEO),"Mitt Romney tried to confront Donald Trump head-on, but in the end, he was brutally humiliated just like Jeb Bush before him.Earlier today, Romney spoke out against Trump in a scathing speech that lasted for 20 minutes. Here s what I know. Donald Trump is a phony, a fraud,  Romney declared in an attempt to convince voters in other states to deny the Republican front-runner the nomination.  He s playing the members of the American public for suckers. He gets a free ride to the White House and all we get is a lousy hat. Romney hypocritically criticized Trump for not releasing tax returns, something the 2012 Republican nominee refused to do himself four years ago well into his race against President Obama, who went on to win a second term.Then he attacked Trump s foreign policy, focusing in particularly on his plan to ban all Muslims from entering the United States. Mr. Trump s bombast is already alarming our allies and fueling the enmity of our enemies. Insulting all Muslims will keep many of them from fully engaging with us in their urgent fight against ISIS, and for what purpose? Muslim terrorists would only have to lie about their religion to enter the country. Romney ended by urging Republicans to vote for someone who can beat Hillary Clinton.Here s the video of Romney s speech via YouTube:Well, it didn t take long for Donald Trump to fire back, and his response was devastating.Right out of the gate Trump reminded Romney that he lost in 2012 to President Obama and was a terrible candidate overall.It then Trump proceeded to humiliate Romney even further by telling of how the former Republican nominee begged for his endorsement. I don t know what happened to him. You can see how loyal he is. He was begging for my endorsement. I could have said Mitt  drop to your knees.  He would have dropped to his knees. Sounds like a pretty low blow to me, but it s exactly what Trump has done to destroy every Republican rival standing in his way thus far.Here s the video via YouTube:Featured Image: Screenshot",0
7714, Trump’s Campaign BADLY Photoshopped White Model To Make Her Appear Darker (IMAGES),"When you re accused of being racist, as the Trump campaign is, because they are, it s probably best to show some people of color modeling your campaign gear. However, when all you have is a stock photo of a white model to work with, there s apparently only one thing to do   photoshop.On Twitter, Eric Ming, digital director for Donna Edwards, pointed out that Trump s campaign appeared to photoshop a model to be darker than she actually is:So it appears Donald Trump s campaign photoshopped their model to be brown: pic.twitter.com/V0DghCiQAW  Eric Ming (@ericming5) March 3, 2016It looks as though since the Trump campaign likely has a difficult time finding people of color to support the candidate, they ve resorted to literally making them up.Here s the original model:Generic gray shirt from jcgapparel.comNow, here is that same model on Trump s campaign website on August 9th of last year already appearing a bit darker:via donaldjtrump.comClearly not satisfied with making her only slightly darker, the Trump campaign turned her into full Trump orange as only they can. And needless to say, they didn t even do a very good job of it. Here she is again on September 6th of last year:donaldjtrump.comThis is clearly the same model as can be seen by her collarbone, hair, etc.This is just more evidence that the Trump campaign is full of lies and deceit. It begs the question,  why?  Why bother doing this? Did they think no one would notice? Did they just not care?Of course, many who support him will just say that this is clearly making a mountain out of mole hill and it s not a big deal, but it kind of is. Trump s campaign is literally based on hearsay and optics. He wants people to believe in him without knowing what he s all about, and he s clearly done a great job of that. However, that s also what makes him remarkably dangerous.Featured image: jcgstore.com/flickr/photoshop HT: Fusion",0
7715, Fed Up Republicans Threaten Third Party Option If Trump Is The Nominee,"I ve been saying for a long time now that the Republican Party was on the verge of splitting   and I was right. Sort of. I always assumed that the establishment would control the party with an iron fist and the Tea Party white supremacists would abandon the GOP to form their own White Power party. But with the rise of Donald Trump, it looks like the establishment is going to abandon the party and run a candidate that s not a raving sociopath:Spurred by Donald J. Trump s mounting victories, a small but influential   and growing   group of conservative leaders are calling for a third-party option to spare voters a wrenching general election choice between a Republican they consider completely unacceptable and Hillary Clinton.While he has gained intense popularity on the right, Mr. Trump has alienated key blocs in the Republican coalition with his slash-and-burn campaign. For many, his initial refusal last weekend to disavow an endorsement from David Duke, the white supremacist, was a breaking point. Breaking point  my ass. The only problem conservative leaders have with Trump s racism is the overt nature of it. Republicans have relied on white resentment for 50 years to win elections, but they ve had to keep it concealed lest they get publicly torn apart for being the party of old white racists. The corporate media was happy to promote this fiction but Trump is making that impossible. THAT S the real problem Republicans have with Trump. That, and he s an uncontrollable buffoon, unlike George W. Bush who was the perfect puppet for the 1% to manipulate.But think about it for a moment: The conservative movement is so appalled by their own front-runner that they re going to deliberately sabotage their own party to keep Trump out of office. The lunatics have officially taken control of the asylum.William Kristol, editor of the conservative Weekly Standard magazine, said he would work actively to put forward an  independent Republican  ticket if Mr. Trump was the nominee, and floated Mr. Sasse as a recruit. That ticket would simply be a one-time, emergency adjustment to the unfortunate circumstance (if it happens) of a Trump nomination,  Mr. Kristol wrote in an email. It  would support other Republicans running for Congress and other offices, and would allow voters to correct the temporary mistake (if they make it) of nominating Trump. Kristol is many things, but stupid is not one of them. He knows full well that running another conservative would hand the election to the Democratic nominee on a silver platter. The fact that the presumptive nominee is Hillary Clinton, the most hated woman in the conservative world, doesn t even seem to be a factor.Max Boot, a foreign policy adviser to Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, said that if efforts to block Mr. Trump fell short, he would vote against a Republican nominee for the first time in his life. I would sooner vote for Josef Stalin than I would vote for Donald Trump,  said Mr. Boot, who expressed optimism that Mr. Trump could still be defeated. He added:  There is no way in hell I would ever vote for him. I would far more readily support Hillary Clinton, or Bloomberg if he ran. I wonder how the frothing masses of Hillary Clinton hating liberals will take this kind of news? One of their most precious narratives is that Trump will easily beat Clinton because Republicans hate her more than anything therefor she can t be allowed to be the nominee. So much for that myth. Also, it wasn t true in the first place:Defections of any scale could prove lethal to Mr. Trump. He already trails Mrs. Clinton in general election polls, and polling already shows the possibility of mass desertions from the party. A CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey this week found that 48 percent of Republicans who do not already back Mr. Trump said they would probably not or definitely not support him in November.When asked about the possibility of a revolt from the not-completely-insane wing of the party, Trump replied with his typical 4th grade eloquence, They ll just lose everything, and that would be the work of a loser. Oddly, a third party would actually hurt the Democrats in the general election. While it would deliver us the White House with ease, it would bring out voters would have otherwise stayed home in disgust. They would almost certainly vote down ticket, making Senate, House and local elections harder to win for Democratic candidates. On the other hand, it would represent a schism in the Republican Party they might not be able to recover from so it s hard to know if we should be cheering this plan or not.Featured image via Cagle.com // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(){var h=this,aa=function(a){var b=typeof a;if(&quot;object&quot;==b)if(a){if(a instanceof Array)return&quot;array&quot;;if(a instanceof Object)return b;var c=Object.prototype.toString.call(a);if(&quot;[object Window]&quot;==c)return&quot;object&quot;;if(&quot;[object Array]&quot;==c||&quot;number&quot;==typeof a.length&amp;&amp;&quot;undefined&quot;!=typeof a.splice&amp;&amp;&quot;undefined&quot;!=typeof a.propertyIsEnumerable&amp;&amp;!a.propertyIsEnumerable(&quot;splice&quot;))return&quot;array&quot;;if(&quot;[object Function]&quot;==c||&quot;undefined&quot;!=typeof a.call&amp;&amp;&quot;undefined&quot;!=typeof a.propertyIsEnumerable&amp;&amp;!a.propertyIsEnumerable(&quot;call&quot;))return&quot;function&quot;}else return&quot;null&quot;;else if(&quot;function&quot;==b&amp;&amp;&quot;undefined&quot;==typeof a.call)return&quot;object&quot;;return b},k=function(a){return&quot;string&quot;==typeof a},ba=function(a,b){var c=Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments,1);return function(){var b=c.slice();b.push.apply(b,arguments);return a.apply(this,b)}},m=Date.now||function(){return+new Date},n=function(a,b){var c=a.split(&quot;.&quot;),d=h;c[0]in d||!d.execScript||d.execScript(&quot;var &quot;+c[0]);for(var e;c.length&amp;&amp;(e=c.shift());)c.length||void 0===b?d=d[e]?d[e]:d[e]={}:d[e]=b};var ca=function(a,b,c,d,e){if(e)c=a+(&quot;&amp;&quot;+b+&quot;=&quot;+c);else{var f=&quot;&amp;&quot;+b+&quot;=&quot;,g=a.indexOf(f);0>g?c=a+f+c:(g+=f.length,f=a.indexOf(&quot;&amp;&quot;,g),c=0< =f?a.substring(0,g)+c+a.substring(f):a.substring(0,g)+c)}return 2E3<c.length?void 0!==d?ca(a,b,d,void 0,e):a:c};var da=function(){var a=/[&amp;\?]exk=([^&amp; ]+)/.exec(p.location.href);return a&amp;&amp;2==a.length?a[1]:null};var q=function(a,b){this.width=a;this.height=b};q.prototype.clone=function(){return new q(this.width,this.height)};q.prototype.ceil=function(){this.width=Math.ceil(this.width);this.height=Math.ceil(this.height);return this};q.prototype.floor=function(){this.width=Math.floor(this.width);this.height=Math.floor(this.height);return this};q.prototype.round=function(){this.width=Math.round(this.width);this.height=Math.round(this.height);return this};q.prototype.scale=function(a,b){this.width*=a;this.height*=&quot;number&quot;==typeof b?b:a;return this};var ea=function(a,b){for(var c in a)Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,c)&amp;&amp;b.call(void 0,a[c],c,a)},ga=function(){var a=fa;if(!a)return&quot;&quot;;var b=/.*[&amp;#?]google_debug(=[^&amp;]*)?(&amp;.*)?$/;try{var c=b.exec(decodeURIComponent(a));if(c)return c[1]&amp;&amp;1<c[1].length?c[1].substring(1):&quot;true&quot;}catch(d){}return&quot;&quot;};var ha=function(a,b,c,d){a.addEventListener?a.addEventListener(b,c,d||!1):a.attachEvent&amp;&amp;a.attachEvent(&quot;on&quot;+b,c)};var ia=function(a,b){var c=[];ea(a,function(a,e){var f=null,g=typeof a;if((&quot;object&quot;==g&amp;&amp;null!=a||&quot;function&quot;==g)&amp;&amp;2>b)f=ia(a,b+1);else if(0===a||a)f=String(a);f&amp;&amp;c.push(e+&quot;=&quot;+encodeURIComponent(f))});return c.join(&quot;&amp;&quot;)},r=function(a,b,c){a.google_image_requests||(a.google_image_requests=[]);var d=a.document.createElement(&quot;img&quot;);if(c){var e=function(a){c(a);a=e;d.removeEventListener?d.removeEventListener(&quot;load&quot;,a,!1):d.detachEvent&amp;&amp;d.detachEvent(&quot;onload&quot;,a);a=e;d.removeEventListener?d.removeEventListener(&quot;error&quot;,a,!1):d.detachEvent&amp;&amp;d.detachEvent(&quot;onerror&quot;,a)};ha(d,&quot;load&quot;,e);ha(d,&quot;error&quot;,e)}d.src=b;a.google_image_requests.push(d)};var ja=function(a,b,c){this.v=a;this.u=b;this.c=c;this.f=null;this.s=this.g;this.A=!1},ka=function(a,b,c){this.message=a;this.fileName=b||&quot;&quot;;this.lineNumber=c||-1},ma=function(a,b,c){var d;try{d=c()}catch(g){var e=a.c;try{var f=la(g),e=a.s.call(a,b,f,void 0,void 0)}catch(l){a.g(&quot;pAR&quot;,l)}if(!e)throw g;}finally{}return d},t=function(a,b){var c=na;return function(){var d=arguments;return ma(c,a,function(){return b.apply(void 0,d)})}};ja.prototype.g=function(a,b,c,d,e){var f={};f.context=a;b instanceof ka||(b=la(b));f.msg=b.message.substring(0,512);b.fileName&amp;&amp;(f.file=b.fileName);0<b .lineNumber&amp;&amp;(f.line=b.lineNumber.toString());a=h.document;f.url=a.URL.substring(0,512);f.ref=a.referrer.substring(0,512);if(this.f)try{this.f(f)}catch(l){}if(d)try{d(f)}catch(l){}d=this.v;try{if((this.A?d.w:Math.random())<(c||d.o)){var g=d.m+(e||this.u)+(&quot;&amp;&quot;+ia(f,1)),g=g.substring(0,2E3);r(h,g)}}catch(l){}return this.c};var la=function(a){var b=a.toString();a.name&amp;&amp;-1==b.indexOf(a.name)&amp;&amp;(b+=&quot;: &quot;+a.name);a.message&amp;&amp;-1==b.indexOf(a.message)&amp;&amp;(b+=&quot;: &quot;+a.message);if(a.stack){var c=a.stack,d=b;try{-1==c.indexOf(d)&amp;&amp;(c=d+&quot;\n&quot;+c);for(var e;c!=e;)e=c,c=c.replace(/((https?:\/..*\/)[^\/:]*:\d+(?:.|\n)*)\2/,&quot;$1&quot;);b=c.replace(/\n */g,&quot;\n&quot;)}catch(f){b=d}}return new ka(b,a.fileName,a.lineNumber)};var oa=String.prototype.trim?function(a){return a.trim()}:function(a){return a.replace(/^[\s\u00a0]+|[\s\u00a0]+$/g,&quot;&quot;)},pa=function(a,b){return a<b?-1:a>b?1:0};var qa=Array.prototype.indexOf?function(a,b,c){return Array.prototype.indexOf.call(a,b,c)}:function(a,b,c){c=null==c?0:0>c?Math.max(0,a.length+c):c;if(k(a))return k(b)&amp;&amp;1==b.length?a.indexOf(b,c):-1;for(;c<a .length;c++)if(c in a&amp;&amp;a[c]===b)return c;return-1},ra=Array.prototype.map?function(a,b,c){return Array.prototype.map.call(a,b,c)}:function(a,b,c){for(var d=a.length,e=Array(d),f=k(a)?a.split(&quot;&quot;):a,g=0;g<d;g++)g in f&amp;&amp;(e[g]=b.call(c,f[g],g,a));return e};var sa=function(a,b){for(var c in a)b.call(void 0,a[c],c,a)};var v;a:{var ta=h.navigator;if(ta){var ua=ta.userAgent;if(ua){v=ua;break a}}v=&quot;&quot;}var w=function(a){return-1!=v.indexOf(a)};var x=function(){return w(&quot;Opera&quot;)||w(&quot;OPR&quot;)},va=function(){return(w(&quot;Chrome&quot;)||w(&quot;CriOS&quot;))&amp;&amp;!x()&amp;&amp;!w(&quot;Edge&quot;)};var wa=function(){return w(&quot;iPhone&quot;)&amp;&amp;!w(&quot;iPod&quot;)&amp;&amp;!w(&quot;iPad&quot;)};var xa=x(),y=w(&quot;Trident&quot;)||w(&quot;MSIE&quot;),ya=w(&quot;Edge&quot;),z=w(&quot;Gecko&quot;)&amp;&amp;!(-1!=v.toLowerCase().indexOf(&quot;webkit&quot;)&amp;&amp;!w(&quot;Edge&quot;))&amp;&amp;!(w(&quot;Trident&quot;)||w(&quot;MSIE&quot;))&amp;&amp;!w(&quot;Edge&quot;),za=-1!=v.toLowerCase().indexOf(&quot;webkit&quot;)&amp;&amp;!w(&quot;Edge&quot;),Aa=function(){var a=h.document;return a?a.documentMode:void 0},Ba;a:{var Ca=&quot;&quot;,Da=function(){var a=v;if(z)return/rv\:([^\);]+)(\)|;)/.exec(a);if(ya)return/Edge\/([\d\.]+)/.exec(a);if(y)return/\b(?:MSIE|rv)[: ]([^\);]+)(\)|;)/.exec(a);if(za)return/WebKit\/(\S+)/.exec(a);if(xa)return/(?:Version)[ \/]?(\S+)/.exec(a)}();Da&amp;&amp;(Ca=Da?Da[1]:&quot;&quot;);if(y){var Ea=Aa();if(null!=Ea&amp;&amp;Ea>parseFloat(Ca)){Ba=String(Ea);break a}}Ba=Ca}var Fa=Ba,Ga={},A=function(a){var b;if(!(b=Ga[a])){b=0;for(var c=oa(String(Fa)).split(&quot;.&quot;),d=oa(String(a)).split(&quot;.&quot;),e=Math.max(c.length,d.length),f=0;0==b&amp;&amp;f<e ;f++){var g=c[f]||&quot;&quot;,l=d[f]||&quot;&quot;,S=RegExp(&quot;(\\d*)(\\D*)&quot;,&quot;g&quot;),u=RegExp(&quot;(\\d*)(\\D*)&quot;,&quot;g&quot;);do{var K=S.exec(g)||[&quot;&quot;,&quot;&quot;,&quot;&quot;],L=u.exec(l)||[&quot;&quot;,&quot;&quot;,&quot;&quot;];if(0==K[0].length&amp;&amp;0==L[0].length)break;b=pa(0==K[1].length?0:parseInt(K[1],10),0==L[1].length?0:parseInt(L[1],10))||pa(0==K[2].length,0==L[2].length)||pa(K[2],L[2])}while(0==b)}b=Ga[a]=0<=b}return b},Ha=h.document,Ia=Ha&amp;&amp;y?Aa()||(&quot;CSS1Compat&quot;==Ha.compatMode?parseInt(Fa,10):5):void 0;!z&amp;&amp;!y||y&amp;&amp;9<=Number(Ia)||z&amp;&amp;A(&quot;1.9.1&quot;);y&amp;&amp;A(&quot;9&quot;);var B=document,p=window;var C=null,Ja=function(){if(!B.body)return!1;if(!C){var a=B.createElement(&quot;iframe&quot;);a.style.display=&quot;none&quot;;a.id=&quot;anonIframe&quot;;C=a;B.body.appendChild(a)}return!0};var na;na=new ja(new function(){this.m=&quot;http&quot;+(&quot;http:&quot;===p.location.protocol?&quot;&quot;:&quot;s&quot;)+&quot;://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/gen_204?id=&quot;;this.o=.01;this.w=Math.random()},&quot;jserror&quot;,!0);var D=function(a,b){return t(a,b)};y&amp;&amp;A(&quot;9&quot;);!za||A(&quot;528&quot;);z&amp;&amp;A(&quot;1.9b&quot;)||y&amp;&amp;A(&quot;8&quot;)||xa&amp;&amp;A(&quot;9.5&quot;)||za&amp;&amp;A(&quot;528&quot;);z&amp;&amp;!A(&quot;8&quot;)||y&amp;&amp;A(&quot;9&quot;);var Ka=function(a,b,c){if(&quot;array&quot;==aa(b))for(var d=0;d<b.length;d++)Ka(a,String(b[d]),c);else null!=b&amp;&amp;c.push(&quot;&amp;&quot;,a,&quot;&quot;===b?&quot;&quot;:&quot;=&quot;,encodeURIComponent(String(b)))},La=function(a,b,c){for(c=c||0;c<b.length;c+=2)Ka(b[c],b[c+1],a);return a},Ma=function(a,b){var c=2==arguments.length?La([a],arguments[1],0):La([a],arguments,1);if(c[1]){var d=c[0],e=d.indexOf(&quot;#&quot;);0<=e&amp;&amp;(c.push(d.substr(e)),c[0]=d=d.substr(0,e));e=d.indexOf(&quot;?&quot;);0>e?c[1]=&quot;?&quot;:e==d.length-1&amp;&amp;(c[1]=void 0)}return c.join(&quot;&quot;)};var Na=0,E={},Pa=function(a){var b=E.imageLoadingEnabled;if(null!=b)a(b);else{var c=!1;Oa(function(b,e){delete E[e];c||(c=!0,null!=E.imageLoadingEnabled||(E.imageLoadingEnabled=b),a(b))})}},Oa=function(a){var b=new Image,c,d=&quot;&quot;+Na++;E[d]=b;b.onload=function(){clearTimeout(c);a(!0,d)};c=setTimeout(function(){a(!1,d)},300);b.src=&quot;data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAP///wAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==&quot;},Qa=function(a){if(a){var b=document.createElement(&quot;OBJECT&quot;);b.data=a;b.width=1;b.height=1;b.style.visibility=&quot;hidden&quot;;var c=&quot;&quot;+Na++;E[c]=b;b.onload=b.onerror=function(){delete E[c]};document.body.appendChild(b)}},Ra=function(a){if(a){var b=new Image,c=&quot;&quot;+Na++;E[c]=b;b.onload=b.onerror=function(){delete E[c]};b.src=a}},Sa=function(a){a&amp;&amp;Pa(function(b){b?Ra(a):Qa(a)})};var Ta={l:&quot;ud=1&quot;,j:&quot;ts=0&quot;,B:&quot;sc=1&quot;,h:&quot;gz=1&quot;,i:&quot;op=1&quot;};if(B&amp;&amp;B.URL){var fa=B.URL,Ua=!(fa&amp;&amp;0<ga ().length);na.c=Ua}var F=function(a,b,c,d){ha(a,b,t(d||&quot;osd_or_lidar::&quot;+b,c),void 0)},Va=function(a,b,c){if(!(0>=b)){var d=0,e=function(){a();d++;d<b &amp;&amp;p.setTimeout(t(c,e),100)};e()}};var G=function(a,b){this.b=a||0;this.a=b||&quot;&quot;},H=function(a,b){a.b&amp;&amp;(b[4]=a.b);a.a&amp;&amp;(b[12]=a.a)};G.prototype.match=function(a){return(this.b||this.a)&amp;&amp;(a.b||a.a)?this.a||a.a?this.a==a.a:this.b||a.b?this.b==a.b:!1:!1};G.prototype.toString=function(){var a=&quot;&quot;+this.b;this.a&amp;&amp;(a+=&quot;-&quot;+this.a);return a};var Wa=function(){var a=I,b=[];a.b&amp;&amp;b.push(&quot;adk=&quot;+a.b);a.a&amp;&amp;b.push(&quot;exk=&quot;+a.a);return b},J=function(a){var b=[];sa(a,function(a,d){var e=encodeURIComponent(d),f=a;k(f)&amp;&amp;(f=encodeURIComponent(f));b.push(e+&quot;=&quot;+f)});return b.join(&quot;\n&quot;)},M=0,Xa=0,Ya=function(a){var b=0,c=p;try{if(c&amp;&amp;c.Goog_AdSense_getAdAdapterInstance)return c}catch(d){}for(;c&amp;&amp;5>b;){try{if(c.google_osd_static_frame)return c}catch(d){}try{if(c.aswift_0&amp;&amp;(!a||c.aswift_0.google_osd_static_frame))return c.aswift_0}catch(d){}b++;c=c!=c.parent?c.parent:null}return null},Za=function(a,b,c,d,e){if(10<xa )p.clearInterval(M);else if(++Xa,p.postMessage&amp;&amp;(b.b||b.a)){var f=Ya(!0);if(f){var g={};H(b,g);g[0]=&quot;goog_request_monitoring&quot;;g[6]=a;g[16]=c;d&amp;&amp;d.length&amp;&amp;(g[17]=d.join(&quot;,&quot;));e&amp;&amp;(g[19]=e);try{var l=J(g);f.postMessage(l,&quot;*&quot;)}catch(S){}}}},$a=function(a){var b=Ya(!1),c=!b;!b&amp;&amp;p&amp;&amp;(b=p.parent);if(b&amp;&amp;b.postMessage)try{b.postMessage(a,&quot;*&quot;),c&amp;&amp;p.postMessage(a,&quot;*&quot;)}catch(d){}};var N=!1,O=function(a){if(a=a.match(/[\d]+/g))a.length=3};(function(){if(navigator.plugins&amp;&amp;navigator.plugins.length){var a=navigator.plugins[&quot;Shockwave Flash&quot;];if(a&amp;&amp;(N=!0,a.description)){O(a.description);return}if(navigator.plugins[&quot;Shockwave Flash 2.0&quot;]){N=!0;return}}if(navigator.mimeTypes&amp;&amp;navigator.mimeTypes.length&amp;&amp;(a=navigator.mimeTypes[&quot;application/x-shockwave-flash&quot;],N=!!a&amp;&amp;a.enabledPlugin)){O(a.enabledPlugin.description);return}try{var b=new ActiveXObject(&quot;ShockwaveFlash.ShockwaveFlash.7&quot;);N=!0;O(b.GetVariable(&quot;$version&quot;));return}catch(c){}try{b=new ActiveXObject(&quot;ShockwaveFlash.ShockwaveFlash.6&quot;);N=!0;return}catch(c){}try{b=new ActiveXObject(&quot;ShockwaveFlash.ShockwaveFlash&quot;),N=!0,O(b.GetVariable(&quot;$version&quot;))}catch(c){}})();var ab=w(&quot;Firefox&quot;),bb=wa()||w(&quot;iPod&quot;),cb=w(&quot;iPad&quot;),db=w(&quot;Android&quot;)&amp;&amp;!(va()||w(&quot;Firefox&quot;)||x()||w(&quot;Silk&quot;)),eb=va(),fb=w(&quot;Safari&quot;)&amp;&amp;!(va()||w(&quot;Coast&quot;)||x()||w(&quot;Edge&quot;)||w(&quot;Silk&quot;)||w(&quot;Android&quot;))&amp;&amp;!(wa()||w(&quot;iPad&quot;)||w(&quot;iPod&quot;));var P=function(a){return(a=a.exec(v))?a[1]:&quot;&quot;};(function(){if(ab)return P(/Firefox\/([0-9.]+)/);if(y||ya||xa)return Fa;if(eb)return P(/Chrome\/([0-9.]+)/);if(fb&amp;&amp;!(wa()||w(&quot;iPad&quot;)||w(&quot;iPod&quot;)))return P(/Version\/([0-9.]+)/);if(bb||cb){var a=/Version\/(\S+).*Mobile\/(\S+)/.exec(v);if(a)return a[1]+&quot;.&quot;+a[2]}else if(db)return(a=P(/Android\s+([0-9.]+)/))?a:P(/Version\/([0-9.]+)/);return&quot;&quot;})();var hb=function(){var a=p.parent&amp;&amp;p.parent!=p,b=a&amp;&amp;0<=&quot;//tpc.googlesyndication.com&quot;.indexOf(p.location.host);if(a&amp;&amp;p.name&amp;&amp;0==p.name.indexOf(&quot;google_ads_iframe&quot;)||b){var c;a=p||p;try{var d;if(a.document&amp;&amp;!a.document.body)d=new q(-1,-1);else{var e=(a||window).document,f=&quot;CSS1Compat&quot;==e.compatMode?e.documentElement:e.body;d=(new q(f.clientWidth,f.clientHeight)).round()}c=d}catch(g){c=new q(-12245933,-12245933)}return gb(c)}c=p.document.getElementsByTagName(&quot;SCRIPT&quot;);return 0<c.length&amp;&amp;(c=c[c.length-1],c.parentElement&amp;&amp;c.parentElement.id&amp;&amp;0<c.parentElement.id.indexOf(&quot;_ad_container&quot;))?gb(void 0,c.parentElement):null},gb=function(a,b){var c=ib(&quot;IMG&quot;,a,b);return c||(c=ib(&quot;IFRAME&quot;,a,b))?c:(c=ib(&quot;OBJECT&quot;,a,b))?c:null},ib=function(a,b,c){var d=document;c=c||d;d=a&amp;&amp;&quot;*&quot;!=a?a.toUpperCase():&quot;&quot;;c=c.querySelectorAll&amp;&amp;c.querySelector&amp;&amp;d?c.querySelectorAll(d+&quot;&quot;):c.getElementsByTagName(d||&quot;*&quot;);for(d=0;d<c.length;d++){var e=c[d];if(&quot;OBJECT&quot;==a)a:{var f=e.getAttribute(&quot;height&quot;);if(null!=f&amp;&amp;0<f&amp;&amp;0==e.clientHeight)for(var f=e.children,g=0;g<f.length;g++){var l=f[g];if(&quot;OBJECT&quot;==l.nodeName||&quot;EMBED&quot;==l.nodeName){e=l;break a}}}f=e.clientHeight;g=e.clientWidth;if(l=b)l=new q(g,f),l=Math.abs(b.width-l.width)<.1*b.width&amp;&amp;Math.abs(b.height-l.height)<.1*b.height;if(l||!b&amp;&amp;10<f&amp;&amp;10<g)return e}return null};var Q=0,jb=&quot;&quot;,R=[],T=!1,U=!1,V=!1,kb=!0,lb=!1,mb=!1,nb=!1,ob=!1,pb=!1,qb=!1,rb=0,sb=0,W=0,tb=[],I=null,ub=&quot;&quot;,vb=[],wb=null,xb=[],yb=!1,zb=&quot;&quot;,Ab=&quot;&quot;,Bb=(new Date).getTime(),Cb=!1,Db=&quot;&quot;,Eb=!1,Fb=[&quot;1&quot;,&quot;0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;],X=0,Y=0,Gb=0,Hb=&quot;&quot;,Jb=function(a,b,c){T&amp;&amp;(kb||3!=(c||3)||nb)&amp;&amp;Ib(a,b,!0);if(V||U&amp;&amp;mb)Ib(a,b),U=V=!1},Kb=function(){var a=wb;return a?2!=a():!0},Ib=function(a,b,c){if((b=b||ub)&amp;&amp;!yb&amp;&amp;(2==Y||c)&amp;&amp;Kb()){for(var d=0;d<R.length;++d){var e=Lb(R[d],b,c),f=a;lb?Sa(e):r(f,e,void 0)}pb=!0;c?T=!1:yb=!0}},Mb=function(a,b){var c=[];a&amp;&amp;c.push(&quot;avi=&quot;+a);b&amp;&amp;c.push(&quot;cid=&quot;+b);return c.length?&quot;//pagead2.googlesyndication.com/activeview?&quot;+c.join(&quot;&amp;&quot;):&quot;//pagead2.googlesyndication.com/activeview&quot;},Lb=function(a,b,c){c=c?&quot;osdim&quot;:V?&quot;osd2&quot;:&quot;osdtos&quot;;a=[a,-1<a.indexOf(&quot;?&quot;)?&quot;&amp;id=&quot;:&quot;?id=&quot;,c];&quot;osd2&quot;==c&amp;&amp;U&amp;&amp;mb&amp;&amp;a.push(&quot;&amp;ts=1&quot;);a.push(&quot;&amp;ti=1&quot;);a.push(&quot;&amp;&quot;,b);a.push(&quot;&amp;uc=&quot;+Gb);Cb?a.push(&quot;&amp;tgt=&quot;+Db):a.push(&quot;&amp;tgt=nf&quot;);a.push(&quot;&amp;cl=&quot;+(Eb?1:0));qb&amp;&amp;(a.push(&quot;&amp;lop=1&quot;),b=m()-rb,a.push(&quot;&amp;tslp=&quot;+b));b=a.join(&quot;&quot;);for(a=0;a<vb.length;a++){try{var d=vb[a]()}catch(e){}c=&quot;max_length&quot;;2<=d.length&amp;&amp;(3==d.length&amp;&amp;(c=d[2]),b=ca(b,encodeURIComponent(d[0]),encodeURIComponent(d[1]),c))}2E3<b.length&amp;&amp;(b=b.substring(0,2E3));return b},Z=function(a){if(zb){try{var b=ca(zb,&quot;vi&quot;,a);Ja()&amp;&amp;r(C.contentWindow,b,void 0)}catch(c){}0<=qa(Fb,a)&amp;&amp;(zb=&quot;&quot;)}},Nb=function(){Z(&quot;-1&quot;)},Pb=function(a){if(a&amp;&amp;a.data&amp;&amp;k(a.data)){var b;var c=a.data;if(k(c)){b={};for(var c=c.split(&quot;\n&quot;),d=0;d<c.length;d++){var e=c[d].indexOf(&quot;=&quot;);if(!(0>=e)){var f=Number(c[d].substr(0,e)),e=c[d].substr(e+1);switch(f){case 5:case 8:case 11:case 15:case 16:case 18:e=&quot;true&quot;==e;break;case 4:case 7:case 6:case 14:case 20:case 21:case 22:case 23:e=Number(e);break;case 3:case 19:if(&quot;function&quot;==aa(decodeURIComponent))try{e=decodeURIComponent(e)}catch(l){throw Error(&quot;Error: URI malformed: &quot;+e);}break;case 17:e=ra(decodeURIComponent(e).split(&quot;,&quot;),Number)}b[f]=e}}b=b[0]?b:null}else b=null;if(b&amp;&amp;(c=new G(b[4],b[12]),I&amp;&amp;I.match(c))){for(c=0;c<xb .length;c++)xb[c](b);void 0!=b[18]&amp;&amp;(nb=b[18],nb||2!=W||(W=3,Ob()));c=b[0];if(&quot;goog_acknowledge_monitoring&quot;==c)p.clearInterval(M),X=2;else if(&quot;goog_get_mode&quot;==c){X=1;d={};I&amp;&amp;H(I,d);d[0]=&quot;goog_provide_mode&quot;;d[6]=Y;d[19]=Hb;d[16]=U;try{var g=J(d);a.source.postMessage(g,a.origin)}catch(l){}p.clearInterval(M);X=2}else&quot;goog_update_data&quot;==c?(ub=b[3],++Gb):&quot;goog_image_request&quot;==c&amp;&amp;(Jb(p,b[3]),b[5]||b[11]||Z(&quot;0&quot;));if(&quot;goog_update_data&quot;==c||&quot;goog_image_request&quot;==c)(1==Y||2==Y||T)&amp;&amp;b[5]&amp;&amp;(a=1==b[15]&amp;&amp;&quot;goog_update_data&quot;==c,mb=!0,Z(&quot;1&quot;),Ab&amp;&amp;Kb()&amp;&amp;(g=Ab,Ja()&amp;&amp;r(C.contentWindow,g,void 0),Ab=&quot;&quot;),T&amp;&amp;!a&amp;&amp;(Ib(p,void 0,!0),ob=!0,sb=m()),3==W&amp;&amp;(W=4,Ob()),T||1!=Y||(yb=!0)),(1==Y||2==Y||T)&amp;&amp;b[11]&amp;&amp;(U=!1,Z(&quot;3&quot;),T&amp;&amp;(Ib(p,void 0,!0),1==W&amp;&amp;nb&amp;&amp;(W=2)))}}},Ob=function(){var a=p,b=W;0!=b&amp;&amp;1!=b&amp;&amp;Qb(a,&quot;osdim&quot;,&quot;zas=&quot;+b)},Qb=function(a,b,c){var d=[];jb&amp;&amp;d.push(&quot;avi=&quot;+jb);d.push(&quot;id=&quot;+b);d.push(&quot;ovr_value=&quot;+Q);qb&amp;&amp;d.push(&quot;lop=1&quot;);I&amp;&amp;(d=d.concat(Wa()));d.push(&quot;tt=&quot;+((new Date).getTime()-Bb));d.push(c);a.document&amp;&amp;a.document.referrer&amp;&amp;d.push(&quot;ref=&quot;+encodeURIComponent(a.document.referrer));try{r(a,&quot;//pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/gen_204?&quot;+d.join(&quot;&amp;&quot;),void 0)}catch(e){}},Rb=function(){Jb(p);Z(&quot;0&quot;);2>X&amp;&amp;!U&amp;&amp;2==Y&amp;&amp;Qb(p,&quot;osd2&quot;,&quot;hs=&quot;+X)},Sb=function(){var a={};H(I,a);a[0]=&quot;goog_dom_content_loaded&quot;;var b=J(a);try{Va(function(){$a(b)},10,&quot;osd_listener::ldcl_int&quot;)}catch(c){}},Tb=function(){var a={};H(I,a);a[0]=&quot;goog_creative_loaded&quot;;var b=J(a);Va(function(){$a(b)},10,&quot;osd_listener::lcel_int&quot;);Eb=!0},Ub=function(a){if(k(a)){a=a.split(&quot;&amp;&quot;);for(var b=a.length-1;0< =b;b--){var c=a[b],d=Ta;c==d.l?(kb=!1,a.splice(b,1)):c==d.h?(W=1,a.splice(b,1)):c==d.j?(U=!1,a.splice(b,1)):c==d.i&amp;&amp;(lb=!0,a.splice(b,1))}Hb=a.join(&quot;&amp;&quot;)}},Vb=function(){if(!Cb){var a=hb();a&amp;&amp;(Cb=!0,Db=a.tagName,a.complete||a.naturalWidth?Tb():F(a,&quot;load&quot;,Tb,&quot;osd_listener::creative_load&quot;))}};n(&quot;osdlfm&quot;,D(&quot;osd_listener::init&quot;,function(a,b,c,d,e,f,g,l,S){Q=a;zb=b;Ab=d;T=f;g&amp;&amp;Ub(g);U=f;1==l?tb.push(947190538):2==l?tb.push(947190541):3==l&amp;&amp;tb.push(947190542);I=new G(e,da());F(p,&quot;load&quot;,Nb,&quot;osd_listener::load&quot;);F(p,&quot;message&quot;,Pb,&quot;osd_listener::message&quot;);jb=c||&quot;&quot;;R=[Mb(c,S)];F(p,&quot;unload&quot;,Rb,&quot;osd_listener::unload&quot;);var u=p.document;!u.readyState||&quot;complete&quot;!=u.readyState&amp;&amp;&quot;loaded&quot;!=u.readyState?w(&quot;Trident&quot;)||w(&quot;MSIE&quot;)?F(u,&quot;readystatechange&quot;,function(){&quot;complete&quot;!=u.readyState&amp;&amp;&quot;loaded&quot;!=u.readyState||Sb()},&quot;osd_listener::rsc&quot;):F(u,&quot;DOMContentLoaded&quot;,Sb,&quot;osd_listener::dcl&quot;):Sb();-1==Q?Y=f?3:1:-2==Q?Y=3:0<Q&amp;&amp;(Y=2,V=!0);U&amp;&amp;!V&amp;&amp;-1==Q&amp;&amp;(Y=2);I&amp;&amp;(I.b||I.a)&amp;&amp;(X=1,M=p.setInterval(t(&quot;osd_proto::reqm_int&quot;,ba(Za,Y,I,U,tb,Hb)),500));Va(Vb,5,&quot;osd_listener:sfc&quot;)}));n(&quot;osdlac&quot;,D(&quot;osd_listener::lac_ex&quot;,function(a){vb.push(a)}));n(&quot;osdlamrc&quot;,D(&quot;osd_listener::lamrc_ex&quot;,function(a){xb.push(a)}));n(&quot;osdsir&quot;,t(&quot;osd_listener::sir_ex&quot;,Jb));n(&quot;osdacrc&quot;,D(&quot;osd_listener::acrc_ex&quot;,function(a){wb=a}));n(&quot;osdpcls&quot;,D(&quot;osd_listener::acrc_ex&quot;,function(a){if(!a||p==p.top||yb||pb&amp;&amp;!ob)return!1;qb=!0;a=0==a.lastIndexOf(&quot;//&quot;,0)?a:Mb(a);if(ob){var b=Lb(a,ub,!0),c=m()-sb,b=Ma(b,&quot;tsvp&quot;,c),c=p;lb?Sa(b):r(c,b,void 0)}R.push(a);rb=m();return!0}));}).call(this);osdlfm(-1,'','BLVkkfH7YVv_nKISd3AHw7IaIBgAAAAAQATgByAEJwAIC4AIA4AQBoAYf','',3432396414,true,'ud\u003d1\u0026la\u003d0\u0026',3,'5Gg1Lxzr4bRCXjNvuu9CFvOEmi8'); // ]]&gt;</xb></xa></b></ga></e></a></b> // ]]&gt;",0
7716, This Trump Supporter May Literally Be The Dumbest Person On Earth (VIDEO),"When trying to figure out who these people are who are actually considering voting for Trump, or have already, two things come to mind   they re either racist or just dumber than a bag of bricks.Trump has been so vague on policy and his supporters simply don t seem to care. They hear about his hatred of Muslims and Mexicans and come running in droves. His plans: a wall, the best wall; healthcare, the best healthcare; military, the best military; education, the best education; guns. He literally offers no specifics. He just says what comes to mind and these imbecilic supporters cheer. Watch any rally and you ll soon realize that he s not running for the nation, he s running for himself. Count how many times he mentions polls. Notice how few times he mentions legitimate policy ideas. Keep track of how many times he uses  me,   my  or  I. This vagueness is working though, because while at a diner in Nashville, Tennessee, Anna Kooiman of Fox News spoke with a Trump supporter by the name of Austin who said Trump is a  proven businessman who has employed tens of thousands of people, he s a man that knows how to get the job done right. Austin is basically just repeating, verbatim, what Trump says at every single one of his rallies and events. Trump proclaims over and over that he is a  great  businessman who has  employed tens of thousands of people  and  knows how to get the job done right.  It s pretty much guaranteed that he ll say this at the next debate as well.When Kooiman pressed this Trump supporter on why he thinks Trump isn t specific on any policy, he replied: I am not concerned about that. I think he is not being specific so he does not give his competition everything that he s doing so they copy him. And Fox News being Fox News, Kooiman said,  There s a great theory there and he s a dealmaker. So, let s get this straight, Trump isn t being specific because he doesn t want people to copy him? That s his grand plan to lure voters. That s like a salesman saying,  I have this thing, and you re gonna love it, I just can t tell you what it is until you buy it.  Who in their right mind would buy something they know nothing about? Apparently, this guy Austin in Nashville.Trump really wasn t kidding when he said he loves the  poorly educated. Here s the video from Huffington Post:   Featured image via video screen capture",0
7717, Three Liberal Female Supreme Court Justices Slam Texas GOP Over Anti-Abortion Bill,"The United States Supreme Court is currently debating one of the most important bills on abortion in the past two decades.The bill from Texas, which former Democratic Texas State Senator Wendy Davis famously filibustered in 2013, would grant doctors admitting privileges at hospitals for abortions, and clinics would be forced to upgrade facilities to hospital standards, which would force abortion clinics outside of highly populated metropolitan areas to close their doors, leaving about 10 clinics left in the state.Three female supreme court justices, Ruth Bader Ginsberg, Sonia Sotomayor, and Elena Kagan led the questioning against Republican Texas Solicitor General Scott Keller over the impacts the bill would have, particularly on women from low income backgrounds.The debate is the first major decision in the United States Supreme Court since the death of Antonin Scalia. As one seat on the Supreme Court remains unfilled, a 4-4 tie over the bill is very likely. If that were to happen, the bill would be allowed to go into effect in Texas, but not set a precedent nationally. If a split occurs, the debate could also be brought back to the Supreme Court when the seat is filled.When Keller made the argument some abortion clinics would still allow to be opened in the state, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg rebuked,  How many women are located over 100 miles from the nearest clinic?  Keller cited New Mexico as a location for some women under that category to use, which Ginsburg then pointed out New Mexico does not have the same provisions as the Texas law. If your argument is right, then New Mexico is not an available way out,  she said.Justice Elena Kagan cited the Texas bill would disenfranchise over 900,000 women who live 150 miles away or more from an abortion clinic in the state. She also cited 750,000 women live more than 200 miles away, but before the law was passed in Texas, that number was 10,000.Justice Sotomayor challenged Keller over whether the changes would yield any slight health improvement, and if that was worth burdening the lives of millions of women in Texas.The Justice who could break the 4-4 tie is Anthony Kennedy, whose vote could either strike down the bill 5-3, or give the conservative justices the 4-4 tie to keep the debate open, which would give the GOP even more incentive to stall a Supreme Court Justice nomination from President Barack Obama.The past few years, Texas  GOP has led a legislative war on abortion clinics. Under the guise of improving women s health and safety, the bill is just another measure to make it more difficult for a woman to undergo an abortion by eliminating access. Prior to 2014, there were 40 abortion clinics in the state. After some provisions of the anti-abortion law went into effect after it was passed in 2013, the number was cut in half. If the bill is allowed to pass, the number would drop down again to ten, all solely located around Texas  biggest cities.The Supreme Court is expected to come to a decision by late June.Featured image via Addicting Info",0
7718, Trump Campaign Org Co-Chair Taken Into Custody By FBI For Conspiracy Against The United States,"Donald Trump s Co-Chair of the  Veterans For Trump Coalition in New Hampshire, Jerry Delemus, was just arrested by the FBI on nine charges, including conspiracy to commit an offense against the United States.Jerry Delemus, a significant component of Trump s campaign effort to attract veterans, is a Tea Party activist who made trips to take part in the Bundy Ranch stand-off. According to the indictment being brought against him, Delemus was  a mid-level leader and organizer of the conspiracy who, among other things: recruited, organized, trained and provided logistical support to gunmen and other followers and organized and led armed patrols and security checkpoints. Delemus s connection to Trump is certainly a factor, but it s also damaging to the Republican party as a whole. Jerry s wife, Susan Delemus, is a GOP lawmaker in the state of New Hampshire s House of Representatives. News of the incident first broke when Susan called Jack Kimball, the former chairman of the New Hampshire GOP to let him know that the FBI was raiding their house. Here s what Kimball wrote on Facebook:  She said that the FBI just rolled up with lots of vehicles and Agents who were in tactical gear. They forced their way into Jerry Delemus and Sue s condo with weapons drawn and arrested Jerry and took him away. Currently, the FBI is not taking questions on the matter and is asking that anyone needing more information to get in contact with the Department of Justice. As of right now, the U.S. DOJ has not gotten back in touch with local newspaper Portsmouth Patch, who reported on it first.Here is a list of the charges Delemus is currently being faced with:In addition to taking part in the armed occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Preserve in Oregon, Delemus was a security team member on the Bundy Ranch in Nevada.Even though these charges are quite serious (and factual) it s likely the right is going to chalk this up as retaliation for being either 1) a Trump supporter or 2) because of their anti-government beliefs.Delemus s wife had already been an outspoken proponent of big government and lying politicians, even before the FBI ransacked her home. That is, everyone but Trump. You may remember her face from a recent CNN survey she did, in which she professed her ardent support for the man:  We ve got people in positions of power who I know for a fact are liars. Liars! I watch the TV   My president comes on the TV and he lies to me! I know he s lying. He lies all the time.  Trump supporter:  I believe Donald. I m telling you   he says what I m thinking.  https://t.co/K0KNfPh6Gp @CNNPolitics  Eugene Scott (@Eugene_Scott) December 10, 2015No, Delemus was not arrested because of his  Trump  beliefs. If that was the case the FBI would have hauled her crazy ass off with him and thrown her in a jail cell, too.Featured image via screen capture.",0
7719, Tina Fey And Rachel Maddow Go Head To Head On ‘The Tonight Show’ (VIDEO),"Rachel Maddow has a well-earned reputation as one of the smartest people on cable news. Tina Fey has a well-earned reputation as one of the smartest comedians in the country. So what happens when you put them against each other to see who s the biggest  Know It All? To answer that very question, Jimmy Fallon, host of The Tonight Show, had both Fey and Maddow on to compete in a fast-paced trivia game. I literally had no idea who was going to win (although I was rooting for Maddow). You ll have to see the outcome for yourself:Nooooooooo! Rachel got trumped (pun intended) by goat cheese! Well played, Ms. Fey well played. The only thing missing was a mic to drop.Honestly, the part I loved about this the most was watching two smart people put their brains on display. That s something we don t see as often as we used to. These days, being too smart will make people mad at you. They ll denounce you as a  know it all  as if knowing stuff is a bad thing! But it wasn t always like that. As The Newsroom s Will McAvoy said,  We aspired to intelligence, we didn t belittle it. It didn t makes us feel inferior. Reality TV used to be quiz shows with some of the smartest people in the country held up as idols. Now we idolize the vapid and obnoxious on The Real Housewives of Who The Hell Cares and Honey Boo Boo. We used to aspire to be better than ourselves, now we just aspire to better than someone else. But with a little luck and more strong and smart role models like Fey and Maddow, maybe we can inspire a new generation to better themselves instead of tearing others down.Featured image via screencap.",0
7720, Cell Phone Footage Of Cop Brutally Assaulting Student Will Make You Sick (VIDEO),"A student at Baltimore s Reach! Partnership School took a cellphone video of a school resource officer brutally assaulting a high school sophomore on Tuesday, and now the city s top school cop and two others have been placed on leave.The sickening video shows a police officer slapping the teenager in his face three times, kicking him and cursing at him. Another officer, a female, can be seen standing behind the abusive officer doing absolutely nothing to stop the attack.When officials saw the video they placed the officers and Baltimore School Police Chief Marshall Goodwin on PAID administrative leave until the investigation into the incident can be completed. Yes, that s right, the cop beat this child and he is still being paid.Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said she was  appalled  by the officers  behavior: As a parent of a Baltimore city school student, I was appalled by what I saw. The behavior that was demonstrated   is certainly something you never want to see.   Certainly not a school officer acting in this way, particularly with a young person. Meanwhile, the city school system is trying to blame the kid for his assault because he wasn t a student at Reach! saying, His presence at the school and the series of events before and after the incident are currently under investigation. His family s attorney Lauren Geisse, however, is saying that is not true: The boy had a right to be at the school where he was an enrolled student. With respect to refusing to leave the school, the student didn t want to leave the school where he had a right to attend. Attorney Michael Davey who represents the police officer who is seen hitting the student claimed his client was responding to a call of an intruder on campus and explained away the video by saying only a few seconds of the incident were captured. As if that somehow makes it perfectly okay that a grown man was hitting and kicking a teenage boy in the face.The school system s CEO, Gregory Thornton is calling the officer s assault on the child  unacceptable : I am completely appalled and disappointed by what is depicted in the video. Our school police officers are entrusted with ensuring the safety of our students and staff, and I know that most of them take this job seriously while maintaining a high level of professionalism. The behavior in the video is completely unacceptable. He is absolutely correct. Frankly, there is absolutely no excuse for a police officer to his ANYONE that way, let alone a child. And it is appalling that he is still being paid after this. This kid suffered injuries to his face and his ribs and this guy is allowed to just collect a paycheck while hanging out at home. WTF is that about?If  peace  officers do not know how to control their tempers, they have no business wearing a badge. And if they do lose their temper and hurt someone, they damn sure don t deserve to be paid while the investigation is completed. That s outrageous. Featured image via video screenshot",0
7721," Republicans Hold CPAC Event In A Gun Free Zone, Reach New Level Of Hypocrisy (IMAGE)","Republicans have spent the last few years in a frenzy, passing pro-gun legislation at every opportunity   even while mass shootings continue to plague the country. At the moment, conservatives in almost every state are spending enormous amounts of energy passing so-called  guns everywhere  bills that allow people to go to places like bars, national parks, churches, and schools strapped with a firearm. They say this will keep people safe because more guns means more  good guys with guns. But when it comes to their own events, their opinion suddenly drastically changes. Thousands of Tea Party  patriots  and conservative fanatics crammed into a small conference center? Organizers would rather they left their guns at home. After all, they may be hypocrites, but they re not suicidal!Republicans have flocked to the Gaylord National Resort and Convention Center in Maryland to attend the Conservative Political Action Conference, one of the biggest Republican events of the year. At the event, attendees will hear right-wing talking points spoken by some of their favorite Republican politicians and drilled into their heads over loudspeakers. Without a doubt, CPAC will feature lots of pro-gun mania. A few years ago, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell was actually given a musket on stage to the delight of the audience. (Yeah, CPAC is really weird.)But this year before they can get in, attendees are greeted with this sign.At CPAC there will be no good guys with guns :/ pic.twitter.com/Kn8tUWyubs  Betsy Woodruff (@woodruffbets) March 3, 2016They then must walk through a metal detector just to ensure they aren t still bearing arms.Why ban guns? Well, because having that many gun carriers packed into a small area practically begs a tragedy to happen. Whether by accident or on purpose, the chances of a shooting skyrocket. This year will be particularly tense, because the Republican Party is in the process of imploding. Trump fans, known for roughing up their critics, and Republican establishment fans, known for hating Trump, will be crammed into Standing Room Only venues. Weapons are the last thing these people need.Inside, they ll probably feel a bit naked without their guns, but they will be covered head-to-toe in hypocrisy. Gun free zones are for  liberal  places like churches, universities, and elementary schools. This is CPAC, where conservatives can roam in the comfort of their own warped ideology. Everyone should have a Bible in their breastpocket and a gun on their hip. Conceding that guns make a place dangerous is counter to their most sacred belief: Guns keep us safe.It s unclear whether the  no guns allowed  policy came from CPAC organizers or the convention center they rented. Either way, it looks bad. Republicans want guns to be around school children   but can t tolerate them during their weekend event.Featured image via Flickr ",0
7722, DOZENS Of GOP Foreign Policy Experts Pledge To Stop Trump From Winning Nomination,"Over sixty GOP national security buffs have taken a pledge to work  energetically  and do whatever it takes to stop Republican front runner Donald Trump from becoming the party s nominee for president.This colossal promise was released late Wednesday via an open letter signed by several different foreign policy experts who sincerely feel (along with the rest of us) that Trump s vision of America is  wildly inconsistent and unmoored in principle.  In the letter, the concerned GOPers warned that if given the chance, President Trump would  make America less safe  and  diminish our standing in the world. The letter, in part, reads: Mr. Trump s own statements lead us to conclude that as president, he would use the authority of his office to act in ways that make America less safe, and which would diminish our standing in the world.Furthermore, his expansive view of how presidential power should be wielded against his detractors poses a distinct threat to civil liberty in the United States.As committed and loyal Republicans, we are unable to support a Party ticket with Mr. Trump at its head. We commit ourselves to working energetically to prevent the election of someone so utterly unfitted to the office. The letter was organized by former State Department official Eliot Cohen and former Mitt Romney adviser Bryan McGrath and was published by national security news site War on the Rocks as the GOP reached a record-high panic after Trump s success on Super Tuesday. Cohen said of the letter, This is really drawing a bright moral line and saying that if we re going to keep our souls we can t cross it. The letter is 454 words long, with signers blasting Trump for his  expansive use of torture,  his  hateful, anti-Muslim rhetoric,  and his not-so-subtle crush on Russian President Vladimir Putin. Trump s proposal to make Mexico build a wall on its border also came under fire, as did his suggestion that Japan pay for military protection, stating that Trump was more like a  racketeer  than an ally.Max Boot, a foreign policy adviser to Mitt Romney s 2012 campaign and one of the letter s signers, said: I would sooner work for (North Korean dictator) Kim Jong Un than for Donald Trump. I think Donald Trump is objectively more dangerous than Kim Jong Un and not as stable. By refusing to support the Republican ticket if Trump is the party s nomination, these 60+ signers are waiving any possibility that they would obtain a high-level position with the Trump administration. McGrath stated that this open letter didn t necessarily mean that the signers would be voting for a Democratic president, but noted that some of his colleagues said they had no other choice. Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
7723, 8-Year-Old Dies Because Her ‘Extremely Religious’ Mother Thinks Doctors Are ‘The Work Of The Devil’,"A mother describing herself as  extremely religious is being held on suspicion of the murder of her 8-year-old daughter, and the abuse of two younger children, in Newark, New Jersey.The body of 8-year-old Christiana Glenn was found in the family home in October of 2011. The girl had died a slow and agonizing death from severe malnutrition and an untreated broken femur.Her mother, 34-year-old Krisla Rezireksyon Kris underwent an assessment by clinical psychologists at Essex County Jail this week, during which she told mental health professionals that she became  extremely religious  prior to her daughter s death, and began following ever stricter lifestyle rules in an aim to become become  more godly, more spiritual. This involved keeping to a strict and limited diet, regularly fasting, and the avoidance of all modern healthcare   as she felt doctors and medicine do  the work of the devil .In reality, she was starving herself and her children to death, and putting them at great risk of death by treatable disease and illness.This week, Joel Morgan, a clinical neuropsychologist who assessed Kris, testified that she was suffering a mental disorder at the time, and not acting with the intention of hurting her children. Morgan argues that Kris was suffering a mental health crisis which made her vulnerable to the predations of an exploitative Pastor. Further, that this Pastor manipulated Kris into adopting the rules which ultimately killed her child, at the same time as extracting money from her. He stated: She adopted his way of life. She became a zealot and empowered him with having judgment over her and her children in terms of daily activities, prayer, diet, medical health, everything, Despite the testimony, evidence of Kris  educational and employment records was put forward to argue that the mother was of above average intelligence, and functioning well in life at the time of her alleged crimes.Whatever the outcome of the trial, a child is dead, and two others endured a horrible torment and now need to adjust to life without their mother. Featured image via Flickr Creative Commons",0
7724, David Duke Screams From The Rooftops That Trump Is In The Lead Because Of Him (VIDEO),"The white supremacist and former KKK Grand Wizard threw a temper tantrum during an interview on Newsmax, and bragged about helping Trump become the GOP front-runner.Even before the interview began, David Duke cried foul because host Steve Malzberg introduced Duke as a former KKK leader. Duke whined that former West Virginia Senator Robert Byrd was also in the KKK but he was never introduced as such, accusing the  mainstream media  of being controlled.However, while Duke is right that Byrd was in the KKK, Byrd did repeatedly renounce his KKK ties later in his career, calling it a mistake that he ll keep apologizing for  over and over again. I know now I was wrong,  Byrd said in 2005.  Intolerance had no place in America. I apologized a thousand times   and I don t mind apologizing over and over again. I can t erase what happened. In 1997, Byrd warned young people to steer clear of the KKK.  Don t get that albatross around your neck,  he said.  Once you ve made that mistake, you inhibit your operations in the political arena. Byrd became a staunch supporter of civil rights and redeemed himself over time.This makes Byrd far different from Duke, who has not renounced his KKK past and his continued support of white supremacy. When asked about how he feels about Jews and black people, Duke had a hard time answering and then said that he is trying to turn the KKK into a political organization and fancies himself a  human rights activist.  Of course, the only human rights he cares about are those of racist white pricks like himself.Malzberg also challenged Duke with his own words, asking him about what he said about rape laws in 1975.According to the Wichita Sun Duke said, White people don t need a law against rape, but if you fill this room up with your normal black bucks, you would, because n***ers are basically primitive animals. Duke claimed he was taken out of context and that the Sun made up the quote, only to later brag about how the Republican Party has adopted his stance against immigrants.In the last part of the interview, Duke continued to talk about himself and how great he is, even going so far as to scream that Trump  jumped ten points in the polls  because he and  his people  (white racists) to support him.Here s the videos via YouTube.Trump has made it possible for white supremacists and their racist organizations to rise up in this nation once again. And should he win, those evil groups and their members will have an ally in the White House, which will only embolden them. At what point will Americans say  enough is enough  and counter this hate by overwhelmingly voting against it? Unfortunately, we will probably have to wait until November to find out.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
7725," This Anti-Gay, Anti-Science Creationist Could Soon Be Allowed To Rewrite School Textbooks","In the coming days, a creationist conspiracy theorist who thinks President Obama is a gay prostitute, could be in a position to rewrite school textbooks and decide what is taught in class.Mary Lou Bruner has promised voters that, if elected to the State Board of Education in Texas, she will promote conservative curriculum standards aligned with Texas values.  The problem is, a quick look at what Bruner considers  Texas Values  make the proposition of putting her in a place to shape young minds utterly terrifying.Among Bruner s regular Facebook rants, she has claimed that:These are just the highlights. Statements that, in any right-thinking world would preclude a person from being elected to a position of authority within the State education system. Sadly, this is not the case in Texas.Far from being some outsider, no-chance candidate, she has been endorsed by none other than the Former Chairman of the Texas State Board of Education Gail Lowe, and a raft of others. She won 48 percent of the vote in the GOP primary on Tuesday, putting her well-above her opponents. She ll now face a run-off election, and she ll likely win.Bruner has every chance of being allowed a say in what goes in our children s textbooks and what they are taught in class. This racist, anti-gay, anti-science conspiracy theorist might very soon have a central role in shaping the minds of young Americans. If that doesn t care you, nothing will.Featured Image via Campaign Website",0
7726, Trump Releases His Health Care Plan – Here’s The One Thing You’ll Hate The Most (VIDEO),"For the longest time, Donald Trump has been advocating for the complete and utter repeal of Obamacare   yet through all his talking he hasn t released a plan of his own   that is until now. On Wednesday, The Donald laid out a seven-point plan, which is so lacking in detail and void of specifics that a high school student could fit the entire thing on one page, double spaced even.So   what s the first thing he wants to do? By getting rid of Obamacare altogether, as he says, Trump will allow insurers to discriminate once again against people with pre-existing conditions, giving insurers the option not to provide coverage as they see fit, along with all the other protections Obamacare provides. For a full list of those shelters, visit HERE. Trump has said in the past that he would replace the pre-existing condition rule with something else, something  much greater  but he must have forgotten about that promise because he didn t offer any alternatives, not in this one-page plan.While Obamacare may seem complicated to some, getting rid of common sense provisions like this should alarm every American. And, Trump isn t alone on this. Paul Ryan, the new Speaker of The House, was forced to admit that popular rules like this (even among Republican voters) would end up going away along with Obamacare.So   that s number one   gut anything and everything, even if it makes sense   just because it s something Obama came up with. Got it.What else is in there?Trump wants to allow insurers to compete across state lines. You might remember this if you watched the debate last week, where Rubio got the applause of the night for making fun of Trump about it. This was before Trump made his entire plan available, and the only thing he could think of was this aspect of it.  Get rid of the state lines,  you could hear him say, over and over.It s possible this is the only real part of Donald Trump s plan that he cares about. After all, this was the only part he could remember when called out on the debate stage in front of everyone.The other remaining 5 points of Trump s plan, are as follows:Healthcare reform is much more complicated than this, however. This seven-point plan doesn t tell us much. All it really says is what Republican voters want to hear.And   here s another doozy. He made a statement trying to link his strict immigration policies as being one factor in limiting the cost of health insurance for illegal immigrants, but what he really did was admit that illegal immigrants only cause a tiny fraction of the total cost of healthcare. Donald Trump says illegal immigrants cost the U.S. $11 billion annually, but total health care spending in the U.S is around $2.9 trillion. That s not even a drop in the bucket. This is just further proof, straight from the source, that illegals aren t driving up the cost of healthcare like Republicans claim.It s possible that the real reason Trump s plan is so short is because he s perfectly happy with insurance companies filling in the small details instead of the government. We ve already been there and done that. It didn t work for the majority of Americans before, and it won t now, either.Featured image via Facebook.",0
7727, WATCH: Hilariously Stupid Trump Fans Fooled By Hitler Quotes Disguised As Trump’s (VIDEO),"It s no secret that Donald Trump and Adolf Hitler are very similar. Like Hitler, Trump wants to keep the Untermensch  in this case Muslims, Hispanics, and other brown people   out of his country. Both men chose to run for office  on a  Christian  platform while failing to act anything remotely similar to Jesus. Like Hitler, Trump has decided that an entire segment of the population   Muslims   should be forced to register in a national database and to wear special little badges. And, like Hitler, The Donald wants to throw a certain segment of the population in concentration camps. Dissenters   especially minorities    are brutally beaten at his rallies, something Trump adamantly supports.With all the similarities between the two fascists, YouTube prankster channel SloFlo decided to conduct a little social experiment: They quoted Adolf Hitler to Trump supporters, but told them the words were Trump s. The prankster made up a fake Trump pamphlet, but he replaced all the quotes with Hitler quotes. Well, there s a lot of people that should be sterilized according to Donald Trump,  said  a man wearing a Trump tie.  So, sure. You look at the Democratic Party and they prove that,  one supporter said.  That s why I m voting for Trump. He s a smart man, he s got the world by the balls right now,  a young woman replied.  He s got a lot of money, and he s very influential because of his money, and what he s done with, like, his empire. As soon as our economic system starts improving, we don t have to worry about the immigrants anymore,  an enthusiastic man Trumpsplained.  They ll go away. Well, man is the cruelest animal,  said Tie Guy.After the Trump supporters said they agree with the quotes in the pamphlet, they were in for a surprise when it was revealed that the quotes actually came from none other than Adolf Hitler   a man whose speeches Trump has been known to keep by his bedside. I m definitely not down with racism,  said the young woman after learning she had just endorsed Hitler s words.  I d say you re lying to me,  another Trump supporter said with a blank stare on his face. Asked if he still supports Trump, he replied: Well, yeah, But I don t support Hitler. Pressed on whether he supports the quotes, he explained that  If Donald Trump said them, I support  em! Watch this hilarious prank below:Featured image via screengrab",0
7728, Veteran Newsman Ted Koppel Scorches O’Reilly: You Spent 20 Years Making The News Dumber (VIDEO),"Legendary ABC News reporter Ted Koppel has seen a lot of change in the way news is covered during his lifetime   and clearly not all of it is good.In a fiery interview with Fox News pundit Bill O Reilly, Koppel turned the tables and laid out a scathing indictment on the entire conservative network s way of doing business. It was beautiful to watch.O Reilly attempted to seek advice from Koppel on how best to approach an interview with Donald Trump. The Republican front runner is known for being brash, aggressive and evasive. O Reilly put it to his former colleague,  Not an easy interview. How would you do it? But Koppel wasn t having the fake sincerity. O Reilly, and his ilk at Fox, created this monster. You and I have talked about this general subject many times over the years. It s irrelevant how I would do it. You know who made it irrelevant? You did. You have changed the television landscape over the past 20 years   you took it from being objective and dull to subjective and entertaining. And in this current climate, it doesn t matter what the interviewer asks him; Mr. Trump is gonna say whatever he wants to say, as outrageous as it may be. Thanks to people like O Reilly, who routinely ignore facts to push a right-wing agenda, Trump can get away with saying anything he wants and the gullible Fox audience will eat it up. Facts no longer matter because they ve been told for years that the truth has a liberal bias anyway.When O Reilly ignored the critique, Koppel again went for the throat. He suggested Fox might try to counter Trump, and this might sound crazy to a guy like O Reilly,  by some reporting. It s an old-fashioned concept, but I think demonstrating who and what Mr. Trump is and what his policies really amount to is something you don t do in an interview. He doesn t answer the questions. Letting Trump control the interview doesn t work. MSNBC tried it with their townhall and it was a complete disaster. Trump is a showman, what he lacks in substance he makes up for in empty bravado. Instead, Koppel told O Reilly, try actually exposing the truth for once.It s refreshing to see someone so unequivocally call Bill O Reilly out right to his face. It helps that it comes from a long-time veteran of the news business. O Reilly had hoped to get some tips from the years of experience under Koppel s belt, but wound up getting way more than he bargained for.Watch the video below via Media Matters:Featured image via Fox News",0
7729, Amazing 1922 Article On Hitler Perfectly Predicts Rise Of Trump (TWEET),"A 94-year-old article from the New York Times about Adolph Hitler has gone viral, as observers have recognized shocking similarities between how the article reports on the early political years of the infamous dictator and modern reporting on Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump.The piece was unearthed by Wall Street Journal reporter Jon Ostrower, and has been shared thousands of times now by intrigued followers. The original story can also be read on the New York Times website under the headline,  New Popular Leader Rises In Bavaria. Out of curiosity, I found the first NYT reference to Adolf Hitler. Nov. 21, 1922. Amazing last three paragraphs. pic.twitter.com/VhBnlSsfNm  Jon Ostrower (@jonostrower) March 2, 2016The article starts off by noting,  This reactionary Nationalistic anti-Semitic movement has now reached a point where it is considered potentially dangerous, although not for the immediate future.  Trump s foray into presidential politics was of course greeted by derision, as both Democrats and Republicans assumed there wasn t any serious constituency for Trump s buffoonish act. But within the Republican Party, there is a clear appetite for his brand of nonsense mixed in with a heavy dose of racism and xenophobia.Taking note of the Hitler supporters who  beat up protesting Socialists and Communists  the article rings true as we are treated daily to Trump rallies where supporters have been encouraged by the candidate and his campaign goons to rough up disruptive protesters, or in some cases, perfectly quiet protesters who happened to be black.But it is the closing paragraphs of the article that have so many matching up the reporting on Hitler to Trump. It reflects a view of Hitler and Jews that through the lens of history sounds disgustingly optimistic:But several reliable, well-informed sources confirmed he idea that Hitler s anti-Semitism was not so genuine or violent as it sounded, and that he was merely using anti-Semitic propaganda as a bait to catch masses of followers and keep them aroused, enthusiastic an in line for the time when his organization is perfected and sufficiently powerful to be employed effectively for political purposes.A sophisticated politician credited Hitler with peculiar political cleverness for laying emphasis and over-emphasis on anti-Semitism, saying:  You can t expect the masses to understand or appreciate your finer real aims. You must feed the masses with cruder morsels and ideas like anti-Semitism. It would be politically all wrong to tell them the truth about where you are really leading them. We are faced with a political candidate who insists a large swath of Latinos are  rapists,  who urges registration and bans of Muslims, and who has called for the execution of black men that were falsely accused of rape. And he has already inspired acts of violence against minorities, and his most ardent supporters are often within or sympathetic to the white power movement. Trump himself refused to immediately disavow an endorsement from the Ku Klux Klan in a TV interview.It isn t a stretch to see the parallels between this historical reporting and those who insist Trump s rhetoric is just rhetoric.Featured image via Flickr",0
7730, Gym Employees Accuse Black Seahawks Star Of Trying To Rob Them (TWEETS),"When 2014 Super Bowl champion Kam Chancellor isn t kicking butt for the Seattle Seahawks he is running fitness boot camps for women. So, when the star came across a recently closed gym in Redmond, Washington he decided that he wanted to buy it for his classes. Unfortunately, this curiosity resulted in the police being called and him being accused of trying to rob the place.Two female employees of the Redmond Athletic Club called the police when Chancellor looked through the window of the gym and tried to get some information about how to buy it. Seriously. Apparently nobody told Kam that he can t buy a business while black.The football player explained what happened on Twitter, Wednesday:The funniest thing just happened too me in Redmond. I went to go get info on a gym that was closed and 2 ladies called the cops on me  Kameron (@Kam_Chancellor) March 3, 2016 They told the cops I was trying to rob the place because I was looking into the glass asking for help. I took a picture of the two employees  Kameron (@Kam_Chancellor) March 3, 2016Good thing the cops know I m a good guy and stealing isn t in my blood. I work for everything I get  Kameron (@Kam_Chancellor) March 3, 2016 No I was mad because all I wanted was a number to call and they waved me off like a fly without answering me https://t.co/eAJnjw3vJv  Kameron (@Kam_Chancellor) March 3, 2016Yes two younger ladies. I took a picture of them calling the cops on me https://t.co/5qzWUpwirB  Kameron (@Kam_Chancellor) March 3, 2016 I guess I won t put a gym in Redmond then. I m not qualified. I want to post her face so bad on the phone looking disgusted.  Kameron (@Kam_Chancellor) March 3, 2016Although he doesn t tell us the race of the women who called the cops on him, another one of his tweets makes alludes them possibly being white.   @djparker25: @Kam_Chancellor that s crazy bruh smh  not all people are like that so I don t blame the world. I blame their parents  Kameron (@Kam_Chancellor) March 3, 2016@Wizdom80@djparker25 true  Kameron (@Kam_Chancellor) March 3, 2016I only know of one race that is  privileged  and that is mine: Caucasians.There is no doubt in my mind that the women who called the police did so because they were scared of the big, scary black guy. If a white man of a smaller stature had looked in that window and motioned them for help there is little chance the cops would have been called.Thankfully, the police immediately recognized the Chancellor and he wasn t arrested or shot. We all know that in 2016 it isn t an uncommon thing to see African-Americans gunned down for absolutely no reason, so he s one lucky guy. Featured image via Instagram",0
7731, Sean Hannity Has Extremely Embarrassing Meltdown After Reporter Hurts His Feelings,"There are two things anyone with familiarity with Fox News host Sean Hannity learns quickly: He is one of the most unlikable people working in television and he is really, really sensitive about it.On Wednesday, Hannity managed to exemplify both of those traits when he learned that Politico reporter Marc Caputo quoted a Marco Rubio staffer as calling Hannity a  f*cking a**hole.  Rather than take the high road or, better yet, analyze his own actions to figure out why people despise him, Hannity did what comes naturally to him: He threw a very public, very embarrassing temper tantrum.Here s what Caputo said, quoted from an anonymous Rubio staffer, that set Hannity off: ""But Marco gives Donald a taste of his own medicine and Hannity gets all offended. He's a pussy and a sellout."" Boy, they're angry 2/2  Marc Caputo (@MarcACaputo) March 2, 2016Crass? Sure. Accurate? Definitely. It s no secret that Hannity has been a big fan of Donald Trump s since the very beginning. He once bragged that he encouraged Trump to get into the presidential race in 2012. He s been a major cheerleader ever since. In February, Trump was facing serious accusations about courting white supremacists   so he booked a 30 minute softball interview with his friend Hannity and  the issue never even came up. Instead, the two shared some laughs, complimented each other, and generally behaved as if it was a Trump 2016 infomercial paid for by Fox News.So when it came to defending his reputation against this charge of favoritism, Hannity simply ignored his indefensible actions and lashed out. Hilariously, Hannity didn t blame Rubio s campaign staffer so much as the reporter who relayed the message. On Twitter, the conservative pundit went a bit nuts.He tried  I know you are, but what am I? Glad Politico let's u use such big words that accurately describes yourself asshole. And u r ""impartial"" to politics https://t.co/bCn2UL8wc0  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) March 2, 2016He tried blaming it on liberals.Typical lib media, u missed my point. I always liked the REAL @marcorubio NOT THE GUY I SAW LAST NIGHT! https://t.co/BETSWuiZ49  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) March 2, 2016Before finally landing on  Do you know who I am?! Would love to play but I have 14 million radio listeners depending on me. Have fun with your 20,000 Twitter follows https://t.co/BETSWuiZ49  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) March 2, 2016Sadly, this is not the first time Hannity has had a public meltdown after being stung by the fact that people don t like him. In 2014, Mediaite ran a survey asking  several dozen cable news hosts from Fox News, CNN, and MSNBC  what they felt about their fellow pundits. Hannity was overwhelmingly voted worst (even by his own co-workers). He didn t take it well.@TheMattWilstein Lets do the BEST OF MEDIAITE CONCHA. ALL THE REST OF U MEDIAMATTERS WANNABEES SUCK IMHO . #badge of honor  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) December 22, 2014And just like his latest tantrum, Hannity blamed the messenger. Mediaite didn t decide who the  best of  Fox News was, Fox News hosts did   and they all said they didn t like Hannity. Likewise, Politico s Caputo didn t call Hannity a  f*cking a**hole , Rubio s campaign did.Hannity may have  14 million radio listeners  from the bitter clingin  proud clingers set, but he gets absolutely no respect from his fellow media personalities. Even the peers at his own network see through his hack journalism and abrasive personality. And they have a right to be mad. Every time Sean Hannity runs a doe-eyed fluff piece on Trump, it reminds us that Fox News is shamelessly enabling Trump s rise to power. And when you are the guy with 14 million fans who is cheerleading a bigot like Trump, it makes you a f*cking a**hole.Featured image via Fox News screengrab",0
7732, Oregon Passes Highest Minimum Wage In The Nation Despite GOP Temper Tantrum,"They whined and fear mongered, but in the end, Republicans had to sit and watch as Oregon took action to help struggling workers make a fair living.On Wednesday, Oregon Governor Kate Brown signed a bill into law raising the state minimum wage to the highest in the country, but in a unique way that takes into consideration the differences between urban and rural business growth.According to The Oregonian:The bill gives Oregon the highest statewide minimum wage rates in the nation, to $14.75 inside Portland s urban growth boundary, $13.50 in midsize counties and $12.50 in rural areas by 2022.The law was agreed upon by labor unions and businesses in a compromise that should stand as proof that both sides can work together for the common good of the hardworking people who are trying to feed and cloth their families.Governor Brown expressed pride at what Oregon Democrats have achieved for families across the state with the help of unions and businesses. I am extremely proud of the collaborative spirit of the stakeholder groups that worked to develop this legislation. Oregon has not only avoided a number of potentially problematic ballot measures, we have taken a very smart approach in a way that makes sense for workers and for businesses no matter where in Oregon they are. On Facebook, Brown wrote that the new law will  ensure hard-working Oregonians get a much-needed raise in order to keep up with rising costs of rent, food, and other necessities. Even President Obama praised the new wage hike in a statement via the White House, and called upon Congress to do the same for the rest of the nation.I commend the Oregon Legislature and Governor Kate Brown for taking action to raise their state s minimum wage. Since I first called on Congress to increase the federal minimum wage in 2013, 18 states and the District of Columbia have acted on their own. These efforts will boost the paychecks of hardworking Americans and help support millions of workers trying to make ends meet. Today, more than half of our states guarantee their workers a wage higher than the federal minimum. That s progress. But Congress needs to keep up with the rest of the country. They need to act, and finally give America a raise. And until they do, I ll continue to encourage states, cities, counties and companies to act on their own to support hardworking families.This is a great day for Oregon workers, who must be a little more excited than usual to go to work now that they know they ll be taking home much more needed income to provide for themselves and their families.The same cannot be said for most of Republican-controlled Alabama and other red states. Republicans there recently passed a law banning counties and cities from increasing the minimum wage within their own boundaries, making clear that they have no intention of raising the minimum wage in that state for the foreseeable future.So while people in Oregon can have hope that the future will be financially brighter, people in Alabama are struck and that s why it doesn t make sense for people to vote for Republicans. Featured image via KPTV",0
7733, New Texas GOP Chair’s Twitter Feed Is Most INSANE Thing You Will Read All Year,"There are a lot of crazy Republicans out there. Trump supporters, Alex Jones disciples, hell   Alex Jones himself. But then there is the one who might be the pinnacle of clinically insane Republicans   and that is Robert Morrow.Morrow is the brand new chair of the Republican Party in Travis County, Texas, where the state capitol of Austin is located. Sounds like an important guy. Right?You might think that he is some party insider with a track record of qualifications for such an important position in what is such a traditionally Republican state. That thought would be instantly destroyed once you read this guy s Twitter account.It s hard to explain how this individual won the election, with the stuff he says online. It isn t a troll account. It isn t some work of performance art or an impersonator that hacked his Twitter. It s REALLY him and it is, for Republicans, an embarrassment to say the least.Remember this is an elected Republican chairman of one of the most important counties in the largest Republican state in the country.The following tweets are not exactly safe for work. Much of the Bush family should be in Jail. Rick Perry is (was) a rampaging bisexual adulterer. https://t.co/Bn5y4puIJR  Robert Morrow (@RobMorroLiberty) March 2, 2016GHW Bush, CIA drug smuggler 1980's. Homosexual pedophile involved with Franklin pedophile ring. October Surprise. https://t.co/k01SQjqLs2  Robert Morrow (@RobMorroLiberty) March 2, 2016So do all your sexual fantasies about Hillary Clinton involve ""snuff films?"" Probably not good for most of you Bill to answer that question  Robert Morrow (@RobMorroLiberty) February 28, 2016The simply astronomical amount of fully insane conspiracy theories, vulgar references, homophobic, misogynistic, bigoted, racist and otherwise generally offensive things on his twitter are impossible to describe with mere words. If you are particularly brave and have some free time, you can entertain yourself by reading it HERE.Morrow goes on to say Hillary Clinton is a  bull dyke,  that she has had more female partners than Bill (an obvious dig at Bill s alleged history of affairs), and that Chelsea Clinton is actually some other man s daughter. Morrow is an equal opportunity offender, though, and accuses Marco Rubio of attending  gay foam parties,  and said he  needs to be in gay underwear advertisements.  In fact, he compared the entire Republican National Committee to a  gay foam party. The RNC is a gay foam party https://t.co/xEhcnObTa0  Robert Morrow (@RobMorroLiberty) February 27, 2016Pretty sure George W. Bush can suck a dick better than Hillary Clinton https://t.co/sZFJdcujd2  Robert Morrow (@RobMorroLiberty) March 2, 2016For a totally heterosexual Republican, this guy thinks about gay stuff more than actual gay people. Morrow also had a now deleted Facebook page, where he posted many grossly offensive things about Hillary Clinton. Just one example is below:Hillary Clinton masturbation fantasy update. 3 HOURS 27 MINUTES 15 SECONDS. What is wrong with me? I am I getting old? Losing the passion? No matter how much I sniff Hillary s panties which I bought off of Ebay, I can NEVER seen to be able to last more than 4 hours choking the chicken while thinking about her. [Facebook, 11/13/13]Source: Media MattersI am not going to be adding more of the Facebook posts because the one above is probably the tamest out of all of them. If you really want to see more you can follow the link to Media Matters above. Remember, I warned you about them.Surprisingly, other Texas Republicans seem to be suddenly shocked by this and are now vowing to force Morrow out of office.Morrow s Vice Chairman, Matt Mackowiak, had this to say: We will explore every single option that exists, whether it be persuading him to resign, trying to force him to resign, constraining his power, removing his ability to spend money or resisting any attempt for him to access data or our social media account,  Mackowiak told the Tribune.  I m treating this as a coup and as a hostile takeover. Source: LatestMorrow s response to the Texas Tribune regarding the threat was  tell them they can go f-ck themselves. Mackowiak commented further on the situation: We have someone who ran here who absolutely has no intention of serving the Republican Party with leadership and faithfulness,  Mackowiak said.  His social media account is something that no child should see. He is a total disaster. Source: Texas Star TribuneAll I have to say is this: Republicans asked for it. Ever since 2008 when Obama won his first election, the entire Republican party on every level from local to federal has embraced the worst of the worst of the worst of their ultra right-wing fringe lunatics. It guaranteed them an easily motivated and manipulated voting base. However, now they have to deal with the mess they ve wrought and in many cases, they are simply powerless to do so.Mackowiak has said he and other county legislators are even considering forming a Republican splinter cell in Travis County, to form a new organization to usurp the existing one if they have no options to force Morrow out of office.Morrow will assume his post in June. If you re a liberal in Travis County, tell a Republican friend  Told ya so! Featured image via Youtube",0
7734, Elizabeth Warren Attacked As A Phony Liberal For Not Endorsing Sanders,"Elizabeth Warren is one of the most popular liberals in the country. She brought us the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, has savagely attacked Wall Street at every opportunity, and her name is floated for VP more than anyone else by liberals desperate to see her in the Oval Office.But now she is an Enemy of the Revolution because she didn t endorse Bernie Sanders which, according to the True Believers, cost Sanders the hotly contested Massachusetts primary. To forestall the usual whining: Bernie True Believers  are not EVERY Bernie supporter. Most of them are normal, rational people that want Bernie but will vote blue no matter who wins because a Republican president is unthinkable right now. On the other hand, True Believers are all about purity and would happily watch the country burn so they can sit on their high horse, sneering at the millions of people that dared to not back their perfect candidate. That their high horse would be burning along with everyone else never seems to occur to them. But at least their soul is unsullied so who cares? Got it, #NotAllBernieSupporters, now get over it and move on.After pleas from Bernie supporters for Warren to endorse Sanders went unanswered, angry True Believers swarmed her facebook pages to denounce her:Dennis Flannigan: I m losing all respect for you.You re showing yourself to be just another wave-riding professional politician.That means you re part of the problem.Endorse Bernie now or go away!JoAnne Tyler: I am done with you, U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren. Bernie was our best chance to change things, and you turned your back on him. I, for one, won t forget. If you really cared about the values you espouse, you d have endorsed Bernie long ago. Go to hell.Ricky Cox: I am taking my Like back from this page. It s easy to talk tough on wanting to fix the problems in this country but when it was time to back the guy trying to do it you stayed quiet before your home state s primary. Pathetic. From now on when you give your little talks about fixing the broken system we will all know it is for show.John Michael Sandernista: I m done with U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren for not endorsing Bernie. None of her rhetoric means anything if she won t stand up to Clinton and the DNC. DONE. Unfollow.Here s a good one that shows just how unhinged the True Believers are:Drew Phillips: So it turns out you re just like all the other politicians bought off by Wall Street. You could ve endorsed Bernie before today and made an actual difference in this election but you were too scared. All that tough talk is nothing without action. Taking my money and endorsements elsewhere.Elizabeth Warren is possibly the most hated person on Wall Street. So of COURSE she s been bought off by the banksters because she didn t endorse Sanders. Makes perfect sense.Every time I post about the True Believers and how very much like the Tea Party sounded as they were getting started, I get chastised for cherry picking just a few random malcontents. But guess what? There are literally hundreds upon hundreds of these posts and stop by any pro-Bernie group and you ll find an unending stream of the same vitriol. It s even worse on the pro-Bernie pages because there s so little push back inside their little bubble. If they were such a tiny minority, they would be shouted down. Buuuuuuuuut they re not.The worst part about all of this is that Bernie himself has made it absolutely clear that he d vote for Clinton in a heartbeat before allowing any Republican in the White House. But that s the problem with True Believers, they stop hearing what the object of their devotion says and instead chase the idealized fantasy while constantly looking for heretics to burn a the stake. Featured image via video screen capture",0
7735, Top GOP Adviser Admits Hillary Clinton Would Be A ‘Better President’ Than Donald Trump (VIDEO),"Mitt Romney s top adviser in the 2012 election has just accepted what any reasonable Republican that cares about the future of America will have to come to terms with: Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton would be a better president than the current GOP front runner, Donald Trump.Stuart Stevens reluctantly admitted this on Tuesday during Bloomberg s With All Due Respect. The star strategist said: Personally, I think Hillary Clinton would be a better president than Donald Trump because I think that Donald Trump is a dangerous person and is someone who would embarrass America. Stevens added that this didn t necessarily mean that he supported Clinton, but that the prospect of backing Trump was something he couldn t possibly stomach. I have no desire to see Hillary Clinton as president of the United States. But if this is the choice   I will not give her my vote, but I can t support Donald Trump. We can t blame Stevens for not wanting to be part of the reason that America imploded. You can watch Stevens  interview below: Stevens has been bashing Trump for months, previously stating: I don t think he s going to be on the ballot by Feb. 1. The greatest sin in his value system is to be a loser, and most people who run for president lose. I don t think he ll risk it. Of course, Trump took to Twitter and gave it right back to him in his usual childlike manner:TwitterNo one thought Trump would make it this far, but he has and the more level-headed Republicans are scrambling to do whatever damage control they can. As Trump continues to look like a more likely candidate for the GOP nomination, Stevens is hardly the only Republican who is refusing to back Trump if he wins. On Tuesday, Rep. Scott Rigell (R-Va.) emailed supporters and said that he would not be standing behind someone so lacking in the judgement, temperament and character needed to be our nation s commander-in-chief. Sen. Ben Sasse (R-Neb.) even said he would back a third-party candidate instead of Trump. It s unsure how the GOP will ever be taken seriously now that Trump has obliterated any remaining respect the party had. Featured image via Flickr and screenshots",0
7736," Ben Carson To Call It Quits, Will Spend Time Exploring Grain Pyramids With Jesus","Ben Carson is setting all three of his supporters up for disappointment. In a statement Wednesday, the retired neurosurgeon announced that, in light of his crushing defeat on Super Tuesday, he will likely no longer continue the charade that can loosely be called his presidential campaign.Carson announced that he will be skipping the Fox News Presidential Debate in his hometown of Detroit on Thursday.  I remain deeply committed to my home nation, America,  Cason s statement says.  I do not see a political path forward in light of last evening s Super Tuesday primary results. Carson promised that  this grassroots movement of  We the People  will continue. I appreciate the support, financial and otherwise, from all corners of America,  Carson added.   Gratefully, my campaign decisions are not constrained by finances; rather by what is in the best interests of the American people. Carson s attempt to  become the man to lose to the Democratic nominee started out promising. But Carson s campaign took a series of wrong turns that thrust him as far into political obscurity as Carly Fiorina after the Center for Medical Progress   baby parts  videos were shown to be heavily-edited and fraudulent.Carson s wild tales   like his claim that he once tried to gut a motherf*cker only to be thwarted by a rogue belt buckle and that he attacked his mother with a hammer,  his story about bravely telling an armed robber to shoot a Popeye s Chicken cashier, as well as his wild theory that Biblical storybook character Joseph built the pyramids to store grain  did him absolutely no favors, nor did his complaint that Obama isn t black enough. His campaign also suffered from numerous shakeups, like much of his staff abandoning the sinking ship that was Team Carson all at once.While he was reluctant to give up, Carson seems to have finally come to his senses. Now, perhaps, he will have time to travel to Egypt with his buddy Jesus so they can have their portrait painted inside a grain pyramid.He promises to discuss more about his future plans at CPAC, the annual gathering of Christofascist lunatics like Carson.As the Stupid Part of America s options narrow, one thing remains certain   it is more important than ever that you make it to the polls in November.Here are some of the dumbest things Carson has said. His intelligence and wit shall be missed.Featured image via Twitter",0
7737, This Ted Cruz ‘Bad Lip Reading’ Is Everything You Never Knew You Wanted And More (VIDEO),"With the Republican side of this presidential race turning out to be the most horrifically embarrassing thing that has ever happened in the history of the republic, it s good to enjoy some comic relief from time to time to take your mind off of how awful things really are. With Donald Trump in the lead for GOP nominee and Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) not far behind, one has to wonder if the Republican party has gone and lost their ever-loving mind.To provide some much-needed comic relief is none other than the folks over at Bad Lip Reading. They ve been putting hilarious words into the mouths of athletes, celebrities and politicians for some time now, and now in what may be their best  bad lip reading  yet, they ve gone after Captain Smarmy himself, Ted Cruz.Usually, when watching a BLR it will be mostly gibberish and you will laugh at how closely the words match up to who they are parodying. However, this time around, there s a full story-line and it is absolutely spot on. From putting the words into Cruz s mouth, to his wife s, to his children s to those he s met along the campaign trail. Although, in true BLR form, they did give Cruz a new campaign slogan: I Need a Bogel for the Glotch. Knowing Cruz, though, it might be something he d actually say to pander to Bogel and Glotch makers. (kidding)Without further ado, here s Bad Lip Reading s  Ted Cruz :Featured image: YouTube/photoshop",0
7738, Even Staunch Republican Ben Stein Says He’d Support Sanders Or Clinton Over Trump (VIDEO),"Conservatives are going to be seriously shocked about this one.Ben Stein is a conservative economist who served as a speechwriter under Presidents Nixon and Ford in the 1970s, and he s been a Republican his entire life as well as a harsh critic of President Obama.Stein has always supported the Republican nominee in every election, so one would think he would do the same in 2016, especially since President Obama s former Secretary of State is running. Not so fast.Like other Republicans, Stein is troubled by Donald Trump. And after being asked who he would support during an interview on CNN, Stein professed that he could see himself supporting Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders, the two Democrats in the race, because Trump is dangerous. I went to law school with Ms. Clinton so I ve always had a kind of fondness for her, she was always a very nice young woman. I admire the fact that Bernie Sanders has a single-payer national health plan. When I worked for Mr. Nixon as a speechwriter, I wrote the message that sent up Mr. Nixon s proposal for single-payer health plan. But I would like to see it be a Republican, I ve never voted for a Democrat. But Mr. Trump, I think, is dangerously misinformed. I like him, but he s dangerously misinformed. Here s the video via YouTube:This is an explosive sign that Republicans are in a hell of a lot of trouble if Donald Trump manages to capture the GOP nomination, which he is well on track to achieving. Trump s nasty and hateful rhetoric and association with members of the KKK and other white supremacist groups is terrifying the GOP establishment because it could not only cause Republicans to lose another presidential election, it could doom their effort to keep the House and the Senate from falling into Democratic control.To underscore that point, NBC s Chuck Todd reported on Tuesday night that a sitting Republican Senator is preparing to endorse Hillary Clinton if Trump wins the nomination.Clearly, Donald Trump is ripping the Republican Party to pieces and it sounds like it s only going to get more entertaining as election season continues.Featured Image: Wikimedia",0
7739, Hundreds Of Londoners March To Go Vote For Bernie Sanders (VIDEO),"Bernie Sanders recently received a major shout-out from one of the most ignored blocs of primary voters in the United States. Hundreds of people marched through the streets of London on Tuesday, showing their support for the Democratic candidate. Super Tuesday marked the beginning of The Democrats Abroad Global Primary. Given the logistics of the global operation, voters will have eight days to cast their vote, with the primary concluding on March 8.Here is video footage of the Londoners for Bernie event:These people will be doing more than just march for Sanders, they plan on voting for him as well. American expats make a small but very real impact in the Democratic primary race.Speaking to Business Insider UK, former chair of Democrats Abroad UK, Bill Bernard, said: It s a great occasion. We had a similar turnout in 2008 when it was Hillary Clinton versus Obama. The turnout was enormous that year and today seems to be equaling that. Globally, Americans who are living abroad will have 21 delegates representing them at the Democratic National Convention in July. First they will meet up for a Global Convention in Berlin, Germany on May 14. Of those, 8 delegates are super delegates.  Despite the media s spin, Sanders is doing very well for himself in the primary election. The only loss for the campaign on Super Tuesday was Clinton s very narrow win in Massachusetts. That being said, Sanders entered the race knowing he was in for a long uphill battle against another candidate with global name recognition. So, for Sanders, every delegate is crucial.According to the London for Bernie website, Sanders is currently beating Clinton globally. That isn t surprising when you consider the fact that much of Sanders  platform could be considered a list of things the United States needs to catch up to the rest of the developed world on.Here is more video footage that shows Sanders  supporters chanting  feel the Bern. Featured image from video screenshot ",0
7740, GOP Poll Workers Accused Of Cheating Dem Voters On Super Tuesday (AUDIO),"Independent voter Chris Sullivan went to the polls in Princeton, Texas on Super Tuesday, intending to cast a ballot in the Democratic primary.Sullivan says that a poll worker at Princeton High School, located in Collin County, Texas, instructed him to select any voting machine, saying that it didn t matter if he was voting for a Republican or a Democrat.Once Sullivan had selected a machine, however, he says it locked his vote in for a Republican candidate.As a result of being locked into a republican ballot, Sullivan says he was unable to cast his vote in the primary election.Following the debacle, he took to voice his outrage at having his vote stolen by GOP cheats.Image credit: screen capture, Chris Sullivan on FacebookAddicting Info spoke to Sullivan on March 2.He clarified what happened further, saying, It wasn t that I was directed to the wrong line  I was specifically told by one of the people at the desk that it didn t matter what party I chose, I could vote for anyone. Sullivan also told us that the poll worker he spoke to was clearly not neutral. I was standing behind a couple and the woman (poll worker) asked if they were voting republican. When they said yes, she replied  good cause I already locked you in. It might be easier to dismiss what happened to Sullivan as an error, as opposed to deliberate cheating, had he not overheard the same worker giving very different instructions to the Republican couple.Sullivan also told us that he felt like  there was a strong push to vote Republican,  from the poll workers.While he s not sure if any other Collin County voters had a similar experience, Sullivan says that he has already contacted attorneys for the Bernie Sanders campaign to report what happened. He also plans to report his experience to the Texas Attorney General s office today.As reported here, Democratic voters in Georgia also may have had their votes stolen, thanks to Republican dirty tricks.Brianna Fleener was one of many Democratic voters who were issued Republican ballots in Lowndes County, GA. I show up, I fill out the paper and I give it to the man at the counter,  Fleener told ValdostaToday.  Next, I was given a card to insert into the machine, and when I pulled up the screen I realized I was given the wrong ballot. Fleener says that several other Democratic voters were also given Republican ballots. As I look around, I notice I m not the only one. Turns out that anyone voting Democrat received a Republican ballot. After making some phone calls, we were told we could fix it, but we were showing up in the system as voted when none of us had casted our ballots. Democrats may not have been the only ones cheated out of their votes by the GOP on Super Tuesday.Austin s KLBJ radio station was flooded with calls claiming that voting machines were flipping votes from Donald Trump to other GOP candidates.Listen to the vote flipping accusations, reported to KLBJ, via Raw Story on YouTube: Image credit: imagebuddy.com, photoshop",0
7741, The Koch Brothers And Warren Buffett Try To Take Down Elon Musk Over Solar Power,"Billionaire Investor Warren Buffett has portrayed himself as a proponent for fixing income and wealth inequality, famously telling congress they should tax the wealthy more, as he claims to pay lower-income tax rates than his secretary. In reality, his actions have hurt working class and middle class people, through his lobbying efforts in favor of the Electric utility companies he owns.In Nevada, Buffett s utility company NV Energy, strongly opposed the emergence of solar power in the state brought by Elon Musk s Solar City, which made it affordable for homeowners to install solar panels. Because the solar panels often put energy back into the grid, utility companies like the ones Warren Buffett owns wind up paying those residents for energy. Nevada Senator Harry Reid in regards to Buffet s company told the Las Vegas Sun, looking at this as a lawyer, my personal feeling is that this is a violation of the Sherman Antitrust Act. Buffett s lobbying efforts pushed Nevada s utility regulator, the Public Utilities Commission, to remove incentives for homeowners to have solar panels, making solar power once again unaffordable for Nevada residents. The decision effectively derailed the fastest growing market for solar power in the country.A petition for Buffet to ease his opposition to solar power was signed by over 100,000 renewable energy advocates in protest. Actor Mark Ruffalo, who called the public utility commission,  the anti-Robin Hood, also participated in the protests.At the end of 2015, Solar City ceased operations and installations in Nevada as a result of the Public Utilities Commission decision, resulting in the loss of 550 jobs. The decision could set a precedent across the country in opposition of solar power, which not only has been championed by billionaire Warren Buffett, but the Koch brothers as well, over the argument solar power makes the market place unfair for competitors.Koch advocacy groups didn t directly enter the fight in Nevada between Elon Musk s Solar City and Warren Buffett s utility companies, but they have lobbied in nearby states against incentives for solar power.In Florida, which has the third best solarity of any state in the country, the Koch Brothers have led efforts to keep solar power out of the state to protect electricity sales of investor owned utilities, as it remains ranks 16th in the nation in solar production. For investors, more infrastructure on the electric grid yields more profits, but solar power directly threatens those profits. In Florida, the average household pays more than 40 percent higher for electrical consumption than the national average. 61 percent of Florida s electricity generation comes from natural gas, and 23 percent from coal.The Koch s grassroots political group, Americans For Prosperity, called for Florida to fight against the choice for Solar. Many organizations who have received millions in donations from the Koch Brothers helped struck down an initiative to open up Florida to solar power on voters  ballots in 2016, including 60 Plus and the National Black Chamber of Commerce, whose latest convention was sponsored by Koch Industries.  Despite the lobbying efforts of the Koch Brothers, solar power has bipartisan support, as the ballot initiative to open up solar power in Florida was led by tea party founder Debbie Dooley, who now directs the group, Conservatives for Energy Freedom.As Solar power becomes more accessible and affordable for Americans, utility companies and their investors, especially the most powerful ones such as Warren Buffet and the Koch brothers, are obstructing solar s growth through lobbying state governments. Despite the obstructions, solar power is gaining bipartisan support across the nation. Let s say if the only thing we had was solar energy if that was the only power source if you just took a small section of Spain you could power all of Europe,  said Elon Musk in a speech at Sorbonne University in Paris this past December.  It s a very small amount of area that s actually needed to generate the electricity we need to power civilization. Or in the case of the U.S., like a little corner of Nevada or Utah would power the United States. The technology exists to harness the energy from the sun, which more of hits the Earth in one hour than humanity uses in an entire year. Sooner or later relics of old capitalism like Warren Buffett and the Koch Brothers are going to have to join the 21st century in this transition to renewable energy.Featured Image Courtesy of Occupy Democrats",0
7742, ‘How To Move To Canada’ Internet Searches Go Through The Roof After Trump’s Super Tuesday Success (IMAGES/VIDEO),"Even in the beginning of Republican front runner Donald Trump s campaign, Americans were panicking and weighing their options in case Trump just happened to get into the White House. Celebrities such as Rosie O Donnell, Cher, Eddie Griffin, Samuel L. Jackson and Jon Stewart have all previously said they would flee the country, and it looks like many more Americans are planning on joining them.TwitterAt first Trump s candidacy seemed so improbable, it was almost a joke. But after Donald Trump s Super Tuesday performance where the business mogul came out on top for the GOP, Americans are being confronted with a horrifying reality. Following his success, Google searches for  How to move to Canada  skyrocketed as Americans realized they might be faced with a Trump presidency. According to Google s Data Editor Simon Rogers, the searches spiked by 350 percent in the span of only four hours.TwitterAccording to Mashable, the searches for relocating to Canada had surged 1,150% as time went on!MashableHere are some more interesting data results:MashableMashableMashableAnother interesting fact that Google s data revealed was that the areas in the country where people were using this search term more were states where Trump won the majority vote   Tennessee, Massachusetts, Georgia and Virginia. The topic was trending so much that Toronto Coun. Norm Kelly even tweeted out a link to help Americans, which got more than 36,000 retweets.TwitterAround the time when Google was being flooded with these type of searches, Mashable also reported that the Canadian Government s immigration website was experiencing delays.MashableAmerica s newfound obsession with Canada didn t happen overnight, though. From the moment Trump announced his presidential run, Americans began talking about what they would do if this great country was forced to endure President Trump. As Trump s campaign went on and his hateful rhetoric toward immigrants and Muslims came to light, these rumblings only intensified.TwitterConsidering how different Canada s new prime minister Justin Trudeau is from Trump, it s hard not to consider that option. Just watch this: Our worst nightmares have actually come true   the joke of a candidate that was never supposed to make it this far is now leading the Republican party. In case you re one of the many Americans who is considering a move to our northern neighbor if Trump wins, here s a practical guide to get you started. However, many anti-Trumpers are taking a different stance: urging everyone to stay in America and fight back to minimize the disasters Trump will undoubtedly create during his presidency.TwitterWhat would you choose to do? Featured image via Flickr",0
7743," Racist Trump Supporters Rough Up Black Woman: ‘You’re Scum, Your Time Will Come’ (VIDEO)","Trump supporters are racist and violent. That means that a Donald Trump rally is a very scary and dangerous place for a black woman to be. That didn t stop one black woman from braving the hostility and making sure her voice was heard, though. Shiya Nwanguma, a student at the University of Louisville, said she was attacked by racist Trump supporters when she dared to attend a rally as a protester. The victim said of her harrowing experience at the Trump rally: I was called a n****r and a c*nt and got kicked out. They were pushing and shoving at me, cursing at me, yelling at me, called me every name in the book. They re disgusting and dangerous. One of the Trump-supporting attackers was allegedly identified as known white supremacist and Traditionalist Worker Party leader Matthew Heimbach. Protester and victim Chanelle Helm said of her experience with this particular racist: I watched him for hours recruit Trump supporters with five of his buddies. They later attacked the group I was with. The neo-Nazis threw punches and kicked us. Here is video of the violence:// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;I m watching this shit right now on the news 2016 in Louisville KY and I m furious !!!!look at the way they treated this beautiful African American female these racist ### ######## turned the tables and you know what would happen this is what these people think about usPosted by Paul Bibbs on Tuesday, March 1, 2016Another Traditionalist Worker Party member touted and bragged about assaulting and stealing signs from Trump protesters:Behold our booty of anti-#Trump2016 swag from today's #louisville rally LMAO at a genuine #CurrentYear sign! pic.twitter.com/ioyeSyEbDv  TradYouth (@TradYouth) March 2, 2016Helm went on to say: In my entire life I had never had anyone look at me with such hate. And that is saying something. Trump and his supporter are inciting violence and hate, and no one is doing anything about it. For more proof, here is yet ANOTHER video, and this time Trump s supporters proudly drop n-bombs:This is Donald Trump s America, people. PLEASE vote often, and vote BLUE.Featured image via video screen capture from Raw Story",0
7744, Pope Francis Delivers A Major Slap In The Face To Wealthy Donors And The GOP (VIDEO),"Pope Francis has delivered a strong message to corporate types who exploit people for profit and attempt to cleanse their souls by donating to the church, telling them: we don t want your blood money.During his general audience in Vatican City on Wednesday, in which he railed against the exploitation of working people by feckless employers, the Pope said: The people of God and the church don t need dirty money. They need hearts that are open to the mercy of God. It is far from the Pope s first intervention on the matter of unrestrained and crony Capitalism that has come to define (at least) the last thirty years of human history. Last Summer, the Pope referred to the global dominance of Capitalism s 1% as the  new colonialism in a speech in Bolivia   pointing to the removal of liberty, human rights and opportunity created by gross inequality and the resulting centralization of wealth and power. He continued: In this third world war, waged piecemeal, which we are now experiencing, a form of genocide is taking place, and it must end. Throughout his time as Pontiff, Pope Francis has continued to exercise the message of New Testament Jesus. A personal show of compassion, and a determination to enable poor and vulnerable people to make the best possible lives for themselves, and the widest possible contribution to their communities.What is so interesting about this though, is that the political party that considers itself the party of God on earth, the Republican Party, asset there delivering the opposite message.Somewhere along the line, Young Republicans confused Atlas Shrugged with the Bible and it s radical right-wing author Ayn Rand for Jesus. Republicans don t worship Jesus, they worship Ayn Rand. Republicans don t preach the gospel, they preach The Fountainhead. Instead of restraining the power of big business to hold unique influence over public and personal life, the Republican party has devoted itself to the opposite.Things have come to such a head, that Republican leaders are now openly denouncing the Pope and his interpretation of the Bible, rather than taking instruction from his leadership and questioning their own. In doing so, they are by their own definition, committing the sin of Pride   and we all know what pride comes before. A Fall.You can see how The Young Turks handled Pope Francis  assault on crony capitalism in the video below: Featured image via Flickr Creative Commons",0
7745, House Republicans Just Spit On The Grave Of An American Hero (VIDEO),"A group of House Republicans are so determined to make every issue a partisan battle to the death that they just spit on the grave of an African American hero to do it.One of the least controversial jobs a legislator can do is sign off on the memorializing of public buildings. In this case, to designate a Winston-Salem post office the  Maya Angelou Memorial Post Office.  But even this small act of recognition of an African American of enormous cultural contribution was a step too far for 9 Republicans. As ABC News reports:Republican Reps. Mo Brooks of Alabama, Ken Buck of Colorado, Jeff Duncan of South Carolina, Glen Grothman of Wisconsin, Andy Harris of Maryland, Thomas Massie of Kentucky, Michael Burgess of Texas, Steven Palazzo of Mississippi and Alex Mooney of West Virginia voted against the bill.A spokesperson for Rep. Andy Harris said the Maryland Republican voted against renaming the post office because Angelou was a  communist sympathizer. His parents escaped communism and he feels that he cannot vote to name a post office in the United States in honor of someone who supported the communist Castro revolution in Cuba,  the spokesperson said in a statement.  Who s next to get a post office? Jane Fonda? The gang of pro-Confederacy Republicans apparently sought revenge with their votes. They argued an equivalent between fighting against Angelou s Post Office, and opposition to memorializing public buildings in the name of Confederacy figures.What s sad about this, is that you really would have to be a bigot of the highest order to entertain the idea that Maya Angelou and the Dixie plantation owner who would have kept her as livestock, stand as equals in our history.Angelou s credentials as an American of great talent, wisdom and cultural contribution are without question. She never killed anybody, she never enslaved anybody. Her legacy was in words. Those words are still moving people after her body left the earth. She was the kind of hero that the American story really needs.As New York Democrat Steve Israel put it in a written statement: Naming post offices is one of the most benign and bipartisan duties we perform in the House of Representatives, and there is rarely any opposition, That s why I was shocked today as nine Republicans voted against naming a post office after Maya Angelou, indisputably one of our country s greatest poets, authors and civil rights activists. Unfortunately for the Republicans, the vote passed 371-9 (plus one Republican voting  Present ). So Maya Angelou will be honored, regardless of attempts to undermine the celebration of an American hero, simply because she happened to be African American. Featured image via Wikimedia Commons/Wikimedia Commons",0
7746, REPORT: A Sitting Republican Senator Will ENDORSE Clinton If Trump Is GOP Nominee (VIDEO),"If Donald Trump captures the Republican nomination, at least one GOP Senator is planning on doing the unthinkable.In what would be a huge condemnation of the Republican Party, NBC anchor Chuck Todd reported on Tuesday night that a sitting Republican Senator will actually ENDORSE Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton if Trump wins the GOP nomination.Just think about that for a second.For years, Republicans have shifted far to the extreme right. So much so that they have allowed candidates like Trump, Cruz, and Rubio to rise to power within the party. They also hate and have refused to work with President Obama, and have hated Hillary Clinton even longer.Republicans even launched partisan investigations of Benghazi all in an effort to hurt Clinton at the polls.If anyone had told me a year ago that a Republican Senator will endorse Clinton for president in 2016, I would have had a good laugh for days.But as Super Tuesday unfolded last night, Chuck Todd announced he had heard  real speculation today from very informed people that at least one Republican Senate incumbent, if given a choice, might publicly endorse Hillary Clinton. Yes, you heard that right. The question of where have all the moderate Republicans gone has now been answered. So terrifying is the prospect that Trump could be president that Republicans are seriously looking at Hillary Clinton as the only choice to prevent insanity from taking over the government.Todd continued by explaining that it must be a Republican who is running in a blue state and that they may not really want to endorse Clinton but they need to do so in order to distance themselves from Trump and the disaster he represents for America and the GOP. An incumbent senator, there s at least one that I ve heard that could end up doing that, making that choice. Not because they want to, but because they need to send that message. Look, there s a bunch of them running for re-election in blue states, okay. That s what s going on here, and on the day that the Republican front-runner might cement his lead. Here s the video via YouTube.In other words, Republicans are beginning to understand that a Trump nomination could spell doom for other Republicans on the ticket, which means the Senate and the House are up for grabs. The Democrats could sweep to power in Congress, not just because Republicans are do-nothing obstructionists, but because their candidate for president is an extremist who is hurling racism, sexism, and hate at every rally much to the amusement of the conservative base.If a sitting Republican senator is truly willing to support Clinton simply for political survival, then it looks like the GOP is about to get their asses handed to them in November like never before. And then they ll definitely have to change their ways if they ever want to occupy the White House again.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
7747, Bernie Vows To Keep Fighting Despite Huge Super Tuesday Loss (And Why That’s A Good Thing),"Last night, Hillary Clinton won the Democratic nomination. Yes yes yes Feel the Bern, Debbie Wasserman Schultz is evil, Superdelegates are unfair, Hillary must have cheated, etc. etc. etc. Aside from all of that, it s clear Clinton has kept the Obama coalition more or less intact and that s going to land her the nomination. Without the support of the black community and non-millennial voters, Bernie s path to victory is extremely narrow and that s before you factor in the Superdelegates. If you don t believe me, then you should believe Nate Silver s fivethirtyeight.com, which has been the gold standard in political statistical analysis for the last several years.So Sanders should just quit and go home, right? Good lord, no! Even though he s losing the primaries, he s winning the debate and the Democratic Party still needs him. Badly.Love him or kind of like him (no one really hates him on the left), Sanders is correct when he says the Democratic Party is a little too cozy with Big Money. The problem is that while the corporate media loves LOVES to pretend that Democrats are just as far to the left as the GOP is to the right, that s total bullshit. The Democratic Party is comfortably to the left on social issues but center left (and just barely) when it comes to economics. This is a serious issue when it comes to making the necessary compromises with Republicans to get anything done. Any middle ground sits squarely to the right (which, of course, was the entire point of Republicans go so far to the fringe in the first place).What Bernie does, and does brilliantly, is drag the entire process to the left   and the Democratic Party with him. He ll never say it out loud, of course, but Bernie never really intended to win the primaries. His entire campaign is designed to influence politics on the left. This is heresy to the Bernie True Believers but let s be honest, Bernie has kept the Democratic Party at arm s length for decades, constantly poking at them like a gadfly. Winning the Superdelegates necessary to win the nomination was never an achievable goal and he s not even trying. Why? Because winning the election was not the goal, showing the Democratic Party that they can openly embrace Democratic Socialism and not be immediately burned at the stake was.And it s working. Very VERY well.In case you haven t noticed, Bernie Sanders openly advocating Socialism has not sent the country into shock. The corporate media keeps trying (poorly) to attack Sanders over this but he s so persistent and consistent with his message that the media s You re a Commie!  nonsense is getting drowned out. On top of that, the negative connotations of Socialism are completely lost on Millennials, AKA, the group of people that will be controlling politics in a decade or so.Bernie will continue to fight tooth and nail for every state he can because the higher his delegate count, the stronger his message is despite the lead Clinton has and will continue to hold even without the Superdelegates. When he concedes sometime in the summer (and he s got the war chest to go that far with ease), he will urge his followers to support Clinton and the Democratic Party but to continue to hold their feet to the fire. Clinton will have campaigned further to the left that she would have normally and for long enough that moving too far back to the center in the general election will hurt more than help.Like Obama, Sanders is playing a long game. He may not even be around to see the seeds he s planted take root but as long as he pulls Hillary and Democratic politics to the left (and he has), he s already won even if he s not the nominee.Featured image courtesy of Michael Vadon via wikimedia commons.",0
7748, Largest Gun Control Study In History Completed–The NRA Is Gonna Be P*ssed,"While Republicans and their NRA puppet masters refuse to acknowledge it, we have a gun violence problem in America today. Almost like clockwork, anytime there is a shooting the right twists themselves into pretzels to blame anything but the easy availability of guns to, shall we say, crazy people.Each time, for instance, a  pro-gun  Republican shoots up a building, conservatives will fallaciously claim that he was a Black Lives Matter protester, or ignore their raving-mad right-wing rants and love of weapons, or claim the shooter was a  Progressive  because he was formerly employed by an insurance company by that name, or even say that a man who shot up a Planned Parenthood in an effort to stop abortion was a  transgendered leftist activist  who was trying to rob a bank. They spend so much time focusing on inventing stories that they completely miss the one trait all of these attacks share: the weapon used was a gun.While they ignore the issues, the right bellows that the solution is more guns, not fewer. But a recent study   the largest of its kind to date   puts that assertion largely to rest. A research team reviewed 130 high-quality studies conducted in ten countries over six decades and found that the tyrannical attempts by those of us on the left who want to restrict crazy people s access to guns because we are sick of seeing dead children on a daily basis, aren t at all misguided, as conservatives often claim.While researchers stopped short of saying they have proved conclusively that firearm restrictions reduce deaths, the study provides plenty of evidence to suggest this is the case. Across countries, instead of seeing an increase in the homicide rate, we saw a reduction,  lead researcher Julian Santaella-Tenorio from Columbia University told Vox. The study analyzed law changes in the United States, Australia, Austria, Brazil, South Africa, and other countries. No new data was collected. Instead, the researchers observed the big picture  by taking a look at what the data says when all the studies are examined together. Santaella-Teonorio explained: The simultaneous implementation of laws targeting multiple firearms restrictions is associated with reductions in firearm deaths. The findings do not note one specific law that has caused gun violence to decrease like an assault weapon ban, or a ban on high-capacity magazines, because the diversity among countries makes this difficult. However, in countries that overhauled their firearm regulations broadly, the changes shared similar characteristics, according to the researcher:South Africa s Firearm Control Act of 2000, for example, contained all three of these measures, and a study of five South African cities found a 13.6 percent reduction in firearm homicides each year for the next five years. Reductions in nonfirearm homicides were also observed,  the researchers say,  although not as pronounced as the ones observed for firearm homicides. To combat mass shootings, Australia passed similar legislation in 1996. Thanks to the new laws, firearm homicide rates decreased by 4.8 percent, and suicides by 9.9 percent. There have only been two mass shootings in the country in the two decades since.But even the smallest changes, such as background check requirements and storage regulations, can have a huge impact.  Laws restricting the purchase of (e.g. background checks) and access to (e.g. safer storage) firearms are also associated with lower rates of intimate partner homicides and firearm unintentional deaths in children, respectively,  the researchers write.Of course, the weakening of firearm laws can have an impact as well. Following Missouri s decision to eliminate common-sense laws requiring people to have a permit to purchase a firearm, the state saw a homicide rate increase of 25 percent. No other changes in the law explain this increase. Stand Your Ground laws do nothing to reduce gun violence, but instead increase it (especially among white men): Stand your ground laws were associated with a 6.8% increase in homicide rates, mainly driven by increments (14.7%) in homicide rates among white males. While this can t be considered conclusive evidence that gun control helps limit fatalities, the study certainly provides enough evidence to give any Republican who can manage to operate a toaster without an adult supervising the operation pause to consider that maybe, just maybe, laws limiting firearms to people who aren t criminals, who aren t insane, and who aren t going to misuse them or act irresponsibly are in everyone s best interest   even the most staunch Second Amendment supporter.Featured image via QuickMeme",0
7749, #FreeChrisChristie: Twitter Reacts To The ‘Hostage Situation’ At Trump’s Speech (TWEETS),"Last Friday, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie decided that endorsing GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump was a good idea. Since then political pundits have all been asking, What was he thinking?  Well, on Tuesday night when Trump was giving his Super Tuesday victory speech, Christie seemed to come to the realization that he made a BIG mistake and that sudden awareness came as he stood behind the billionaire on stage. The governor s facial expressions as he listened to his candidate spew his usual nonsense created a Twitter storm, talks of a  hostage situation  and an epic hashtag: #FreeChrisChristie.Christie introduced Trump after the votes were tallied and he was declared victorious in six states. The NJ governor welcomed the  next President of the United States  onto the stage, stood behind him and promptly upstaged the GOP front-runner:Pop quiz: New York billionaire takes New Jersey governor hostage. What do you do. WHAT DO YOU DO? #freechrischristie pic.twitter.com/ucXKPfk7jh  Anthony Zurcher (@awzurcher) March 2, 2016 Anyone who hasn t seen the stare of Chris Christie, described so brilliantly in the piece I just RT d, it s this. https://t.co/DktHWj2ZXO  Rhodri Marsden (@rhodri) March 2, 2016On the next  Arrested Development  #ChrisChristie #FreeChrisChristie pic.twitter.com/YXO4rwCXTt  Melanism (@Melanism) March 2, 2016  I ve made a huge mistake. #FreeChrisChristie https://t.co/VOfFLeAAuS  Carissa Klarich (@theactivelife) March 2, 2016I believe we have a hostage situation on our hands @CNNPolitics https://t.co/dWcdYjcXg1 #FreeChrisChristie  Vasco Sousa Cotovio (@VascoSCotovio) March 2, 2016  Send snacks.   @ChrisChristie, probably #FreeChrisChristie pic.twitter.com/T6kSll1NK5  Holly Fussell (@redhairbluevote) March 2, 2016Chris Christie seems to be realizing just what he s signed on for up there. #FreeChrisChristie #SuperTuesday  Burnt Orange Report (@BOR) March 2, 2016Even Trevor Noah joined the fun: There s just one question on Chris Christie s mind. #SuperTuesdaypic.twitter.com/sSDnCXgxBE  The Daily Show (@TheDailyShow) March 2, 2016Christie did look like he was Donald Trump s hostage and we don t feel bad for him at all. The governor knew what he was getting himself into, he has said what a liar and horrible president Trump would be on multiple occasions. The only reason he even endorsed him is because he loves the media attention just as much as the billionaire loudmouth does. Now, he gets to live with the consequences of endorsing a racist, egotistical fool.On a side note, Trump is going to be soooo pissed that Christie stole the show. I wouldn t be surprised if we didn t see the two of them on stage together again.Watch a mash-up of his faces below:https://www.facebook.com/Vox/videos/488810047973269/ Featured image via Twitter",0
7750, WATCH Trevor Noah’s Takedown Of Iowa GOP’s Chilling Proposal To Let Kids Have Guns,"The Daily Show, be it under the hosting of Jon Stewart or Trevor Noah, has never been subtle about its disdain for the GOP s idiocy. However, Tuesday night s episode was more chilling than almost any we ve ever seen, since it addressed a terrifying bill that is being proposed by House Republicans in Iowa   a bill that would let children have guns. Host Trevor Noah was understandably incredulous at the fact that this is even a thing. First, Noah addressed the fact that kids can already use hunting rifles, but not handguns, with adult supervision. He began by comparing this lunacy to the notorious hatred between Justin Beiber fans ( Beliebers ) and New Direction fans ( Directioners ): Beliebers vs. Directoners just got a whole lot more interesting. Noah then turned his attentions to kids who like to hunt: Some kids do like hunting. It s those kids who only like the first five minutes of Bambi. But then, things got downright scary, when Noah played a clip from a news station that detailed the intentions of Nathan Gibson, a gun nut who has been letting his kids use handguns since they were 5, even though it is illegal. He s now trying to make his illegal and dangerous actions with his own children the law of the land in the state of Iowa. Just to get this straight: Some guy picked up the phone and called a lawmaker and said  Hey, uh, my kids need guns.  And they were like,  Done!  And every day in America there s parents calling lawmakers saying,  Hey, my kids died because of guns.  And they re like,  Uhh, can you hold? Noah went on to described the absurdity of all of this in terms even a fool could understand (though I doubt the fools falling in line behind this dangerous nonsense will care). He began by asking,  Do you know what children are?  and showed clips of crying, tantrum-throwing kids. Who watches that and says,  Uh, I like that, but it s missing something.  After that, the clip was repeated, this time with gunfire. He ended on a chilling note: Oh, and by the way, that was under adult supervision. You do realize that. That kid was doing that under adult supervision. I love that the adult was like,  I m just gonna video this. Watch the video below:And this is why we should not allow gun nuts to make laws. They truly are insane. Thank you, Trevor Noah, for telling it like it is. Featured image via video screen capture from Raw Story",0
7751, Watch Karl Rove Get Proven Wrong About His Virginia Prediction In Less Than Five Seconds (VIDEO),"We ll never forget Karl Rove s meltdown at Fox News when President Obama was re-elected in November of 2012. It was a moment when he simply couldn t wrap his head around Fox declaring Obama the victor and he was in complete denial. It was as though his schemes to prevent Obama from winning didn t work, and now it seems as if his embarrassing moments didn t cease there.Now, in a new   and pretty damn embarrassing   video of him trying to say his clear establishment choice of Marco Rubio might still pull out a victory in Virginia, he s proven wrong in literally less than five seconds.When Chris Wallace asked Rove what he thought about the race in Virginia, Rove replied: Well, I think this race is going to continue to tighten However, it was then that Rove was abruptly cut off with Wallace saying: Wait, wait, hold on just a second  Apparently we ve got a call in Virginia, so you can tell us after we get the call. And that  call,  as we all know by now, was for Donald Trump being declared the winner. Wallace then asks Rove while laughing: Karl, tell me, what does that mean for Marco Rubio and Donald Trump? What does it mean? It means Rubio can t win is what it means, and the GOP s only shot at an establishment candidate just went out the window. Sure, Rubio won Minnesota, but that s the only state he s won so far in the Republican primary battle. The chances of him securing the nomination are little to none.Rove, much like with what happened during his meltdown in 2012, is likely in utter disbelief. His puppet strings to control Republican elections are no longer working and he s probably in a deep panic. His party is disintegrating right before his very eyes into thousands of Trump-shaped pieces.Needless to say, this is pretty funny. Check it out for yourselves:   Featured image via YouTube",0
7752, White Nationalist Radio: Trump Gave Us A Press Pass And We Interviewed His Son,"The hosts of a racist, white nationalist radio show say that they were given official press credentials by Donald Trump s presidential campaign. Even worse, the show says that they were given access to Donald Trump, Jr. and recorded a 20 minute interview with him.The program is called  The Political Cesspool,  and has a considerable history and record of promoting white supremacist ideas and concepts.Political Cesspool radio host James Edwards wrote on his blog that he attended a Donald Trump rally in Memphis on Saturday night as a fully credentialed member of the media and enjoyed the unique experience of being able to air a live broadcast of The Political Cesspool Radio Program from inside the press pen while the event was in full swing. The host said that the interview with the younger Trump will be posted on their website on Saturday.He also bragged that Trump is the first Republican nominee he plans to vote for. After getting an official press pass, the white nationalists were given access to the press area of Trump s campaign rally. Edwards wrote,  After getting my start in politics with Pat Buchanan in 2000, Donald Trump will be the first Republican nominee that I have ever voted for. Buchanan was a man ahead of the times and Trump is his vindicator. Pat Buchanan is of course the former Nixon operative and NBC contributor who has written books excusing the Holocaust and praising Hitler.The Political Cesspool radio show has in the past argued that  interracial sex is white genocide  and  slavery is the greatest thing that ever happened to  black people.Trump recently triggered a national outcry by refusing to disavow or deny an endorsement from white nationalist and former Ku Klux Klansman David Duke in an interview with CNN host Jake Tapper. After being slammed for the failure to distance himself from a notorious racist, Trump concocted the claim that he was having problems with his earpiece and didn t hear the question.He made no such indication during the interview, and in fact repeated the terms  David Duke  and  white supremacist. Featured image via Flickr",0
7753, Conservative Christian Leader Admits Liberals Were Right About Evangelicals All Along,"For years, liberals have maintained that evangelicals have only been using religion as a means to achieve absolute power, and now one of their leaders has confirmed it.On Monday, Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention president Russell Moore wrote a column for the Washington Post blasting evangelical Christians for proving liberals right.Donald Trump, despite his more than fleeting flirtation with fascism and his campaign of hate and intolerance, has gained massive support from evangelical Christians who are willing to overlook the Republican front-runner s lack of Christian morals as long it means they get a president who will give them more power. The problem is the behavior of some evangelical leaders,  Moore wrote. I have watched as some of these who gave stem-winding speeches about  character  in office during the Clinton administration now minimize the spewing of profanities in campaign speeches, race-baiting and courting white supremacists, boasting of adulterous affairs, debauching public morality and justice through the casino and pornography industries. Moore wasn t finished though. He also slammed evangelicals, a term he is too embarrassed to use to describe himself any longer, because they are flocking to candidates who pretend to be Christians. I watched one evangelical leader pronounce a candidate a Christian, though he explicitly states that he has never repented of sin, because he displays the fruit of the Spirit in job creation. That s not a political problem; it s a gospel problem.Why are many evangelical leaders, including some who pontificate on nearly everything else, scared silent as evangelicalism is associated with everything from authoritarianism and bigotry to violations of religious freedom? How can they look the other way in silence when politicians praise Planned Parenthood and demur about white supremacists and neo-Nazis? And then he admitted that liberals have been right about evangelicals for years and they have been vindicated by evangelicals who have flocked to Trump s campaign. For years, secular progressives have said that evangelical social action in America is not about religious conviction but all about power. They have implied that the goal of the Religious Right is to cynically use the  moral  to get to the  majority,  not the other way around.This year, a group of high-profile old-guard evangelicals has proven these critics right. Indeed, evangelical Christians have only sought power and they ve had no problem rewriting or flat-out ignoring parts of the Bible that do not fit with their agenda in order to achieve it.It s been all about money and power, and evangelical leaders have fleeced their congregations so they can keep trying to topple the government and establish religious tyranny. But evangelicals have grown more and more desperate over the years as Americans continually reject them and their radical agenda that would confine women to the home and sentence gay people to death as well as declare America a Christian state governed by the Bible instead of the constitutional principles we hold dear.And Donald Trump may not be an evangelical Christian, but evangelicals are increasingly supporting his campaign because he is saying exactly what they want to hear and they see him as their last chance to take power. It s never been about the gospel or morality to evangelicals. It has always been about gaining power and using it to persecute and indoctrinate those they disagree with. And by supporting Trump, evangelicals are telling the world that they are precisely the fake Christians that liberals have been fighting against for decades.Featured image via screen capture",0
7754," GOP Billionaires Panic, Conference Call Begs For Money To Stop Trump","Republican donors are in a panic over the growing surge of conservative votes for Donald Trump in the Republican primary process. In reaction to his delegate lead and expected success on Super Tuesday, a cabal of high-dollar Republican donors had a conference call with one goal in mind: Stop Trump.Meg Whitman, Todd Ricketts and Paul Singer, among others, all took part in the call with about 50 people, urging them to fund Our Principles PAC, which was funded largely by a member of the Ricketts family, and which started airing ads in Iowa before the caucuses to try to stop Mr. Trump. The state is the only one that Mr. Trump has not won of the first four nominating contests. There are other entities looking to thwart Mr. Trump, but the call was primarily about Our Principles PAC, according to two participants, who asked not to be identified in order to talk about a private discussion.The call participants are largely previous bankrollers of Republican campaigns that were knocked out by Trump and his nativist pro-white campaign.But the New York Times reports that the effort to funnel campaign cash into an anti-Trump PAC still hasn t decided on a consensus anti-Trump candidate. The failure to decide on Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz, or even John Kasich as the straight-up alternative to the reality TV star has split the  anti  vote and allowed Trump to continue to romp through the process.Putting money in a largely unregulated super PAC is no silver bullet either. Trump has already survived the well-funded Right to Rise super PAC, who backed Jeb Bush, which oddly spent much of its campaign war chest on anti-Rubio efforts, rather than targeting Trump.The panic call comes as a new CNN poll shows Trump losing badly to both Democratic candidates. He is 8% below Hillary Clinton and 17% behind Bernie Sanders.Featured image via Flickr",0
7755," GOP Governor Posts Weird Photo Of His Hand Online, Gets EPIC Roasting For It (IMAGES)","Governor Scott Walker from the good state of Wisconsin did a very strange thing on Tuesday: he posted a close up picture of his right hand. Now, why on earth did he do such a thing? Don t ask us   we haven t a clue. And   neither does the rest of the internet. But, that didn t stop them from completely roasting the governor in truly epic fashion shortly after the occurrence. And   for that, we say, it made the strange affair all very well worth it.Given the recent stir about Trump s small hands, though, it s entirely possible Walker was joining in with Senator Marco Rubio and ganging up on him about it. Recently, Marco took off the gloves (pun intended) and started making fun of Trump s spray tan and even suggested he had a small pecker due to the size of his fingers. He s always calling me little Marco. And, I ll admit, he s taller than me, he s like 6 2. Which is why I don t understand why the size of his hands are from someone who s 5 2. And   you know what they say about men with small hands. They re probably only doing it because Trump has already made it known how much he hates it. Trump once went so far as to write the author of an article who called him a  short-fingered Vulgarian.  And   he reportedly still sends hateful messages. Talk about insecurity.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.If Governor Walker truly was trying to take a dig at Trump, it ended up hurting him in the process. Those weren t even the half of it. It would simply take too long to post every single hilarious response he received. And   we can only imagine the responses will continue throughout the day, as well as into the foreseeable future.Yes, Walker sure does have a lot of time on his hands now that he s no longer running for president (dropped out in September 2015). When he s not signing a bunch of new bills into law taking away the rights of unions, or trying to get rid of a woman s right to choose, Walker has a new hobby: showing the world what his fingers look like. If he keeps this up, he may even have a new job as a right-wing hand model someday. Anything would be better than him being governor.Featured image via Flickr",0
7756, This Clip Of Obama OBLITERATING Trump 5 Years Ago Should Inspire GOP Rivals (VIDEO),"Over the last few days, Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump is finally getting a taste of his own medicine by GOP rival Marco Rubio, who finally woke up and realized that the most effective way to deal with a bully like Trump is to mock him relentlessly.It s been documented that many bullies   especially those that bully like Trump   actually behave that way because of they re deeply insecure. It seems that Rubio has finally caught onto this fact and is using it to his advantage, but no one can humble and put Trump in his place quite like President Barack Obama. It s worth bringing back an epic moment from five years ago, when Obama absolutely destroyed Trump with the utmost class at the White House Correspondents  Association dinner.The dinner was the day before the scheduled raid on Osama bin Laden s compound, and it was obvious that Obama was on point that night. Obama not only called Trump, Fox News and their fellow conservatives out on their birther conspiracies and ridiculous obsession with his birth certificate, but made them look like complete imbeciles in front of the entire audience   who was loving every second of it.Once Obama singled Trump out exclusively, The Donald practically tried to melt into his seat and he squirmed his way through the entire assault. When speaking about Trump s credentials and experience in political matters, Obama hilariously brought up Trump s behavior on the reality show Celebrity Apprentice and sarcastically complimented him on his  leadership.  Obama teased: Ultimately, you didn t blame Lil John, or Meatloaf. You fired Gary Busey. These are the kinds of decisions that would keep me up at night. Well handled, Sir. The audience was eating it up, but then Obama delivered the final blow. Stating that Trump would certainly  bring some change to the White House , Obama showed everyone just what a Trump presidency would look like when he unveiled this epic (and probably accurate) image:White House Correspondents  dinnerIf you have any doubt about the effectiveness of Obama s brutal delivery, just take a look at Trump s face as the president expertly mocks him:Everyone but Trump was giggling at the ridiculous prospect of Trump for president   and yet here we are several years later, when Trump actually has a terrifying chance to become the GOP nominee if Rubio or Cruz can t defeat him. In all honesty, these two could learn something from Obama   he knew just how to show Trump who was boss.Featured image is a screenshot",0
7757, President Obama Just Put Republicans In Their Place With 36 Words From The Constitution (IMAGE),"Ever since Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia s death. Republicans have been clear about one thing: No matter what, they intend to obstruct Obama because every day is a day that ends in  -day.  While the president has a Constitutional duty to appoint a new Justice to replace the much-reviled racist, anti-gay, anti-woman sleazebag now that he is burning in Hell, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has vowed that he won t allow the Senate to even consider Obama s nominee   no hearings, no votes, nothing.Republicans falsely claim that it is outside  tradition  for a president to appoint a new Supreme Court Justice in his final year in office, despite that a full third of presidents have done so in an election year. On Tuesday, the president met with McConnell and  Judiciary Committee Chairman Charles Grassley in the Oval Office to talk about Obama s plan to nominate someone within the next couple weeks. Unfortunately, the Republicans refused to budge on their mission to obstruct the president.The meeting barely lasted forty minute and, while the president offered to consider anyone McConnell and pals suggested for the position, they continued their usual modus operandi of not having a single f*cking idea.After the pointless meeting, President Obama took to social media to smack down some elephants. On Facebook, he brilliantly trolled the  pro-Constitution  party with 36 words that should (but won t) shut them up   namely, Article II Section 2 of the Constitution. The message was punctuated with the hashtag #DoYourJob   a message Obama has been sending Republicans since they initially announced that they would obstruct him no matter what. On Twitter, the president posted a petition urging the Senate to do its job. Our Supreme Court is too important to be held hostage by the same partisan gridlock that has caused government shutdowns,  the petition reads.  President Obama is taking his constitutional responsibility seriously the Senate should do the same.  Along with the petition, Obama left a very clear message: Leaving a seat open on the Supreme Court for more than a year is irresponsible. Along with the petition, Obama left a very clear message: Leaving a seat open on the Supreme Court for more than a year is irresponsible    but what else can we expect from Republicans these days? Irresponsibility is their defining attribute. Do your job  is not a hard message to understand, but it is certainly not a course of action the Party of Reagan views as viable.Featured image via White House/screengrab",0
7758," DNC Chair Just DIRECTLY attacked Obama, Elizabeth Warren, And Everyone Who Voted For Them","One of the biggest Democratic themes of the 2016 election is  building on President Obama s legacy.  It has come from many establishment Democrats during the 2016 primary season. Even Debbie Wasserman Schultz has used this theme in a statement released by her office, and she isn t even running in the primaries. This all makes it rather strange that with this in mind, Wasserman-Schultz has decided to help Republicans to destroy a very popular Obama-created governmental office of which he is very proud and voters absolutely love.The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which was set up by Elizabeth Warren after President Obama personally appointed her to do so, is coming under heavy attack by the ultra-predatory payday lending industry. The industry is also enjoying the assistance of Republicans and a few Democratic sellouts   which now includes Wasserman-Schultz among their number.The CFPB is approaching a point where they are going to be able to adopt better rules to protect consumers from predatory lending practices, which disproportionately harm the poorest among us and can throw an otherwise financially stable family into a long and sometimes inescapable cycle debt. This has caused the industry to rally Republicans to assault the CFPB by attacking its budget, burdening it with impossible amounts of regulation, and creating outright lies about the agency unilaterally shutting down businesses.Wasserman-Schultz is co-sponsoring a new bill that would completely gut the CFPB s approaching payday loan regulations and she is trying to lobby other Democrats in Washington to join her in this unprecedented attack on the poorest and most vulnerable Americans.The upcoming Republican sabotage is wrapped in a misleading name, the  Consumer Protection and Choice Act.  What exactly it has to do with protection and choice is not clear, since it actively blocks protections and poor people who are in desperate need tend to have no choice when it comes to resorting to a payday loan. The legislation would delay the CFPB s new regulations by two years, and would allow for state-level nullification of their federal authority in states that adopted their own laws regarding payday lenders. It s important to note that it doesn t have any classification for a level of protection of consumers   only that the state has adopted  a law  regarding payday lenders. It could be a mostly anti-consumer measure, but if it fulfills the letter of the law it would make it literally impossible for the CFPB to help an entire state.The Consumer Federation of America, the NAACP, The National Consumer Law Center, The National Council of La Raza, The Southern Poverty Law Center, and dozens of others sent letters to every member of Congress urging them to oppose the law. This isn t an online petition by regular people on some website. These are some of the biggest progressive social justice movements in America.A typical Florida payday loan customer takes out 9 loans per year and is stuck in debt for almost half that year. The average interest on Florida payday loans is 304 percent, which is less than the national average but still huge.Wasserman-Schultz is partially reacting to a state-level law she helped create in Florida, that her office claims  sharply reduced  the need to go after bad actors, curbed predatory practices, and created standards and protections for low-income borrowers.  The problem with this is, it simply isn t true. 76 percent of payday loans are  turned,  which means that they are made to help the borrower pay off a previous payday loan. This is exactly what the CFPB wants to help stop   a cycle of debt that the poor can t escape where they need to keep taking out loans to pay off previous ones.Debbie Wasserman Schultz is quickly becoming a pariah among Democrats. Her management of Democratic primary debates has garnered her a fair amount of infamy, and many have been calling for her to resign from her position as DNC chairperson. She will also be facing a primary challenge for her seat in the next election cycle. With this latest assistance to Republicans, will it mean the end of her seat at the DNC as well as in Congress?Featured image via Flickr",0
7759, Republican U.S. Senator Openly Admits He’d Take A KKK-Loving Trump Over Any Democrat,"The Republican party cannot, in good faith, agree that they are still the  Party of Lincoln,  because as President Lincoln worked tirelessly to end slavery and reunite the nation, our modern-day GOP seeks to divide and is openly racist.In yet another example of how modern-day Republicans are nothing like that of Lincoln, Senator Mike Rounds (R-SD) has now said that he would back Donald Trump even if his comments regarding the Ku Klux Klan were intentional. He s openly admitting that he would back a KKK-loving presidential candidate over any Democrat.Here are his comments in full regarding what Trump had to say about the KKK: I think it s an unfortunate response. A very unfortunate response. Like I say, I ve met Mr. Trump once. It was a businesslike discussion and I walked away thinking he s been doing a great job as a showman out here and he s brought a lot of people into this thing. There was a side of him that I did not see when I visited with him personally.My choice would still be   honestly, I m still leaning to Marco Rubio, as I suspect there are others [who] are. But nonetheless, our critical issue is fixing things in the United States, and you can t do that if you ve got Bernie or Hillary, because they have a differing point of view about what s right and what s wrong with this country.And there are some things wrong with this country: [The Congressional Budget Office] is very clear within 10 years   the 250th birthday of our country, 2026   99 percent of all the revenues we collect will go to two categories: interest on the federal debt and mandatory payments on entitlements. You can t fix that unless you ve got a team in here agreed that you re focused on it. And I just don t think Democrats are going to do that. I think it has to be a Republican.Even if you re disappointed with the way he s responding to things, even if you re mad at him, you disagree with him, if he did it intentionally   I don t think he did, I think he just made a mistake   even if he did, they re still going to do a better job with him there than if you had Hillary or Bernie in his place. Rounds told reporter Todd Zwillich that Trump would boost voter turnout and at the end of the day  if he is the nominee, then will he bring more people out or won t he? You can call it transactional, but it s factual. Trying to mend fences, because he is one of the few people in a position to do so, Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) condemned Trump s remarks. He said: When I see something that runs counter to who we are as a party and as a country, I will speak up, so today I want to be very clear about something. If a person wants to be the nominee of the Republican Party, there can be no evasion and no games. They must reject any group or cause that is built on bigotry. This party does not prey on people s prejudices. We appeal to their highest ideals. This is the party of Lincoln. This is fundamental. And if someone wants to be our nominee, they must understand this. I hope this is the last time I need to speak out on this race. It seems Ryan is in deep denial of not only his own party, but of the base of voters that continuously votes Republican. As much as he wants to say the GOP is still the  Party of Lincoln,  they re not. That s been evident since the big party shift of the early 20th century when the South slowly went from Democrats to Dixiecrats to Republicans, and the Northern states went from Republican to Democrat. If Lincoln were around today, he d denounce the modern-day GOP and unquestionably back the Democratic nominee. That s a fact.Featured image: Wikimedia Commons",0
7760, Watch Chris Christie Awkwardly Squirm In Avoidance Of ANY Trump Questions (VIDEO),"There are moments in life when you have to admit you made mistakes. However, for New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, this is not one of those moments. To be blunt, he s having a very bad week. Not only is Christie no longer in the running for the White House, he made the bizarre choice to endorse Donald Trump on the same weekend that Trump wouldn t disavow the Ku Klux Klan. And it even seems as if Trump isn t that thrilled with the support, telling Christie that he should just  go home. Christie claims he s  proud  to support Trump, but his actions at a recent press conference suggest otherwise. He insisted that he only be asked questions that were  on-topic,  and anytime he was asked about Trump he would go off into a rehearsed non-answer to avoid the subject. He said things, such as: No, I won t permit you to. I told you that there s going to be only on-topic questions today. So, permission denied. That s an off-topic question. I think you understand that I m answering on-topic questions today. And then when asked why he wouldn t answer any questions related to Trump, he responded with the maturity level of a four-year-old being asked to eat his peas: Because I don t want to. At this point the New Jersey governor should just go back to his state to take care of business instead of try to hold on to whatever remaining spotlight he can. He should do so not only for his state, but also for his dignity.Christie, back away slowly while you still can and do your job. Both your state and your nation will appreciate it. Not only does your endorsement mean nothing to Trump, it makes you look like, to use your language, an idiot.Watch the awkward moments from the press conference here:Featured image via screen grab",0
7761, This One Tweet Explains How Close Trump Is To Destroying America,"Americans like to sit back and smugly announce that the kind of sectarian violence and civil war we see tearing apart the Middle East could NEVER happen here because (insert snooty tone), We re Not Savages.  Just look at how they voluntarily follow leaders that make crazy promises and use violence to intimidate and silence dissent! We re nothing like that.Except when we are.WATCH: Trump Supporters Attack Two Men For Quietly Sitting with Protest SignsBlack Lives Matter protester  attacked  by Trump supporters at rally   videoDONALD TRUMP RALLY TURNS CHAOTIC; SUPPORTERS THREATEN  BLACK LIVES MATTER  PROTESTERSTrump on protester:  Maybe he should have been roughed up Trump comes off as little more than a wannabe dictator that encourages his followers to violence, yet he still has millions of followers. This leads us to a painfully insightful tweet from one Hend Amry, a Libyan refugee:If you re an American confusedly watching the darkest forces of ur nation rally behind a demagogue-maybe u can understand the Mid East now.  Hend Amry (@LibyaLiberty) February 27, 2016Suddenly, we re not quite so superior anymore, are we? The Bush presidency showed us that Americans would happily reject the rule of law, morality and basic decency if we were angry and scared enough and someone promised us retribution and safety. Now imagine decades of deprivation and fear and anger being harnessed by ruthless leaders interested in absolute power. Would we really be any better? History answers with an unequivocal  No.  See: KKK takeover of Oregon, History of.But Amry continued to drive home the point: now imagine if you KNOW it s because of political frustration, economic stagnation, & social decay but everyone kept calling it jihad .  Hend Amry (@LibyaLiberty) February 27, 2016Trump got everyone wanting to make every Muslim walk the plank and you haven t even had a single Muslim nation drone you.God forbid.  Hend Amry (@LibyaLiberty) February 27, 2016 Now imagine if the US gov t outlawed Christian evangelism. How radicalized would segments of the nation become.And militant. Bundy on crack.  Hend Amry (@LibyaLiberty) February 27, 2016That s the Mid East today.Years of pol oppression & religious manipulation by dictators offered seats at the UN. Something had to give.  Hend Amry (@LibyaLiberty) February 27, 2016It may not be a comfortable truth to face but Trump is appealing to the anger and fear generated by a slow economic recovery and changing demographics. If America were to suffer another massive economic meltdown or 9/11 level terror attack, (mostly white) people would flock to the loudest voice promising safety and strength. That s how countries fall under the control of violent lunatics.Amry s tweets should be a wake-up call to both the people that smugly denounce the Muslims as  violent  as well as Americans blindly following a narcissistic sociopath off a cliff.Featured image via screencap.",0
7762," This New Poll Is TERRIFIC News For Democrats, Really BAD NEWS For Trump","While Democratic and Republicans candidates continue to battle it out for who will win their respective nominations, new polling has suggested some very likely outcomes. It looks as though if Donald Trump is the Republican nominee, not only will it tear the GOP into shreds, but they also won t stand a chance of winning the general election in November.According to a new CNN/ORC poll, both Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders would crush Donald Trump in the general election. In fact, the only candidate that may give either Democratic candidate a run for their money would be Marco Rubio, but so far in this primary process he has yet to win one state, so the chances of that happening are little to none. Clinton and Sanders would also beat Cruz, Carson and Kasich.It looks as though Hillary would best Trump 52 percent to 44 percent and Sanders 55 percent to 43 percent, and the pattern of polling suggests for both Democrats that this will only increase for both of them as the months go on. Needless to say, a Trump Republican nomination would handily lead to another Democrat in the White House.Here s the thing, though. To make sure of this much-needed defeat of Donald Trump, who is looking more and more like the potential nominee, liberals are going to need to unite behind whichever candidate gets the nomination. This would mean Hillary supporters backing Sanders, and Sanders supporters backing Hillary come November. Basically, no matter who   vote blue. Unless, of course, you d like to see a racist madman instill fascism into the nation, because in that case, by all means, stay home and have yourself a pity party.All things considered, it s looking remarkably good for Democrats and painfully desperate for Republicans. If Democrats are able to unite while the Republican party disintegrates before our very eyes, we will have a Democrat in the White House.Featured image: Instagram/Flickr/Flickr",0
7763," Ted Cruz Says Endorsing Trump Is A ‘Grave Mistake’, Promises To Do It Anyway (VIDEO)","Republican presidential candidate and Texas Senator Ted Cruz believes with every ounce of his being that Donald Trump in the White House is a  grave mistake  but he confessed that he would endorse the disgraceful GOP candidate anyway.Cruz revealed this on Sunday during CNN s State of the Union. Host Jack Tapper asked Cruz about the recent attacks against Trump by other conservatives, especially presidential candidate Marco Rubio (R-FL). Not to be outdone, Cruz also had some choice words for Trump, blasting the front runner for standing behind Planned Parenthood, his plan to stay neutral between Israel and the Palestinians,  and  longtime support of expanding Obamacare into Bernie Sanders-style socialized medicine, putting the government in charge of your health care, putting government bureaucrats into a position to ration your care, especially that of seniors. Cruz, absolutely terrified of what President Trump could mean for America, warned: If Donald becomes president, who the heck knows what he would do? Even Donald doesn t know what he would do. I think the challenges facing the nation, they re too grave to roll the dice. Cruz made it perfectly clear during this interview that he felt a Trump presidency would be the worst case scenario for America, but Tapper pressed him to see if he would still back his rival if Trump took the nomination. Cruz s answer is puzzling   after all the negative things he just said about Trump, Cruz still felt that: I will support the Republican nominee. Period. The end. This response by Cruz is absolutely infuriating and goes beyond stupidity. Cruz recognizes that Trump is dishonest, terribly offensive, unqualified and without question the wrong person to lead the country and will STILL advocate for him just because he s a Republican. Cruz should be wise enough to know that even though he doesn t want a Democrat president in the White House, America would be in far more capable hands and so much safer.You can watch the interview below:In another part of this interview, Tapper also asked the same question of candidate John Kasich (R-OH). Kasich echoed Cruz s opinion and said: At the end of the day, I m going to support that person who came through the arena and became the nominee. As insane as these responses from Cruz and Kasich are, they re not entirely to blame   the Republican National Committee is basically forcing them to back Trump if he wins the nomination, as every GOP candidate took a solemn oath to support whichever candidate wins the Republican party s nomination.It s so unfortunate that the GOP is so bitter about left-leaning politics that they would rather support a candidate that is going to destroy America than explore alternative possibilities with a more capable Democratic candidate. They cannot see far enough past their narrow-minded views and hateful rhetoric to see that the future of America will be greatly jeopardized with Trump, and they d rather watch it crash and burn than trust someone outside the GOP. Featured image via Flickr",0
7764, Rich Couple’s INSANE Explanation For Why They’ll Vote Trump Has Entire World Facepalming,"We know that Donald Trump appeals to what he calls the  poorly educated    just take a look around any of his rallies   but there is a disturbing number of  highly educated  voters who are also backing the candidate whose platform includes building an 80 ft tall cement wall and tracking Muslim Americans in a database.One such couple, who describe themselves as  affluent Americans with postgraduate degrees,  wrote a letter to the Financial Times that lays out their support for Trump. It s as baffling as it is terrifying.Noting that they are  socially liberal and fiscally mildly conservative,  the couple, identified as Jon and Elsa Sands, say they are  well aware of [Trump s] vulgarity and nous deficiency  and yet are tempted to vote for him anyway.Electing the standard-bearer of the Democratic Party seems purposeless. The neanderthal Republicans barely respected the legitimacy of Bill Clinton s or Barack Obama s election, let alone that of Hillary who would arrive tainted with scandal and the email lapses hanging over her head. We would get four years of gridlock and  hearings . The Republican tribunes, Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio, are backward, foolish and inexperienced. John Kasich, a moderate with extensive governmental experience and a willingness to compromise, is an also-ran.The logic, if it can be called that, is that Republicans in Congress won t let Democratic presidents do anything so you might as well go all-in on a Republican outsider like Trump. This seems to fly directly in the face of President Obama s actual accomplishments  an ever-growing list that is proof that an intelligent, driven Democratic president can easily outsmart the Party of No if he puts his or her mind to it.No matter, say the Sands, they are going with Trump.That leaves The Donald, really a moderate in wolf s garb, who would owe nothing to either party and might strike deals, for instance on tax reform. Yes, we could be like the good citizens who voted for a  tameable  Hitler in 1933 to get things back on track. But the alternatives look worse.Trump, who advocates for bringing back torture and killing the families of terrorists, is what the Sands consider a  moderate in wolf s garb.  Okay.But even if Trump turns out to be as bad as he freely admits he will be, voting for a Democrat, they say, is worse than knowingly voting for Hitler. Needless to say, this affluent white couple believe they will be safe from the programs of racial and religious of institutionalized bigotry Trump is sure to institute. Because if it doesn t affect you, then what s a little dash of war crimes and racism when Trump will stand strong on  giving you tax breaks?While the temptation is to blast this couple for their terrifying support of Trump, the scarier thing is: They aren t alone.don't laugh at the ""sure, maybe he's hitler, but"" argument in FT. Ive heard that many many times from otherwise reasonable people this cycle  Asawin Suebsaeng (@swin24) March 1, 2016It must never be ignored that Trump s victories in every primary state so far has been coming from both low income and high income (white people) and  poorly educated  and  highly educated  (white people). The Sands represent the beginning pangs of those looking to excuse Trump s worst attributes so they can support the dictator they want and still sleep at night.As the Sands themselves bring up, a lot of  good people  voted for Adolf Hitler in 1933, believing him to be an antidote to the dysfunctional German government at the time. He brought change   but not the kind many people would have liked to see.Featured image via Darron Birgenheier/Flickr ",0
7765, Top GOP Governors Hold Emergency Conference Call To Discuss Trump’s Scary Rise,"As Donald Trump continues to hold steady at number one and win primary after primary, the GOP establishment is getting really nervous that he may actually be their 2016 candidate. They are so scared that a group of high-ranking Republican governors held an emergency conference call to discuss it on Monday.Politico reported: Trump s march to the nomination has set off a wave of anxiety across the Republican Party establishment as top officials weigh whether to endorse him   or denounce him as anathema to the party s values. Reflecting that angst, on Monday morning, New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, the heads of the Republican Governors Association, convened fellow governors for an unusual conference call to discuss how the primary was unfolding   and Trump was a central topic of conversation. Apparently during the conference call, Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin asked New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie why he was supporting Trump. Christie, who has a long history of slamming Trump, claimed that he know believes Donald is the best man for the job. This is nonsense, of course; he just wanted to share some of Trump s limelight because like Trump, he is an opportunist and a liar.The real estate mogul has been wreaking havoc on the GOP since he entered the race. The party, which after the 2012 presidential race, decided that they needed an image makeover saw Trump destroy any chances of ever winning over minority voters. And in addition to his hatred for everyone who is not white, rich, or poorly educated, he has thumbed his nose at the establishment over and over. The reason many people think he has such an appeal with the GOP base (other than their insane racism and bigotry) is because he is not  a real politician. This belief that he is not a politician is more proof of how ignorant the Republican voter base really is. Trump says whatever he thinks will make people vote for him and has a long record of flip-flopping   like Mitt Romney in 2012, but on steroids.Former Republican National Committee chairman and former Florida senator, Mel Martinez has said that Trump is  increasingly unpalatable,  and said a majority of the party would resist him as the 2016 presidential candidate: How that manifests itself I don t know, but I believe there is a sense by many, myself included, that he just cannot be the nominee,  he said.  So a convention scenario could begin to develop. While the GOP isn t sure Trump should be their candidate, Americans have made it very clear that they have no interest in seeing him in the White House. Even the conservative site Red State recently published an article titled, A Vote For Trump is a Vote For Hillary Clinton: Why Trump Is A Sure Loser. Get your popcorn ready, folks. This infighting is going to make the Republican National Convention very interesting this summer, and it s looking better and better for Democrats in the Fall. Featured image via Addicting Info archives",0
7766, The Daily Show PERFECTLY Demonstrates That Trump Is A Fascist (VIDEO),"Trevor Noah brilliantly unmasked Donald Trump as a fascist, and everyone needs to see it.On Monday night, the Daily Show host began by talking about Hillary Clinton trouncing Bernie Sanders in South Carolina over the weekend and briefly mentioned that Super Tuesday is upon us.But for all of those who are tired of democracy, Noah introduced fascism as an alternative.Noah explained to the audience that he has heard the word his entire life but he  didn t really know what it was,  so he looked it up and discovered some of the traits of fascism including  a cult of action, celebrating aggressive masculinity, fear of outsiders, intense nationalism, intolerance of criticism, and resentment of national humiliation. As it turns out, Donald Trump embodies all of these and all we have to do is listen to him talk to know that it s true.Noah then played various clips of Trump demonstrating each of these traits one by one. Afterwards, Noah let out a nervous laugh as the audience seemed to be in complete disbelief about what they just heard and witnessed. An actual American presidential candidate really did just spout stuff out of the fascist playbook before their eyes. I m shitting myself,  Noah said.  It all lines up so perfectly, doesn t it? It almost stops being funny as you re watching it. It s funny for me because I have a back-up plan country,  Noah quipped before telling the audience that they can rest easy because they are invited to live in South Africa if Trump does become president.Noah also pointed out that Trump retweeted a quote said by fascist Italian Dictator Benito Mussolini, which you can view below. @ilduce2016:  It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep.    @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 28, 2016At first, Noah conceded that perhaps Trump didn t know that it was a Mussolini quote, but it soon became clear that Trump knows exactly who Mussolini is and proceeded to stand by the tweet during an interview with Chuck Todd on NBC. Trump even awkwardly paused after being asked if he wants to be associated with a fascist.Noah also noted that another trait of fascism includes a deep hatred of journalists, and then he played a clip of Trump vowing to make it possible to sue the media over negative stories about candidates, which Noah pointed out would mean he could be sued for informing everyone that  Donald Trump wants to bang his daughter. And then it was time to mention Trump s endorsement by KKK leader David Duke. After playing footage from Trump s interview with Jake Tapper on CNN in which he claimed to  not know anything about  Duke, Noah and the Daily Show team dug up a clip from 16 years ago of Trump calling Duke a bigot and racist that people don t want in their party. The irony is I think there s a lot of Republicans saying that now, too,  Noah concluded.Here s the video via Comedy Central.This was a brilliant segment by Noah and the Daily Show team, but they did miss a few traits. Fascists also disrespect women, and we all know Donald Trump has done that repeated during this campaign. Furthermore, fascists are obsessed with Christianity and corporate power. And Donald Trump isn t exactly the only Republican who flirts openly with fascism. It s basically part of the GOP s DNA at this point.To read more about fascism, click here. Featured image via screenshot",0
7767," White Man Yells ‘F*cking N*****s,’ Shoots At Crowd In Black Candidate’s Campaign HQ (VIDEO)","On Monday, as a crowd of supporters gathered inside the campaign headquarters of Zena Stephens, an African-American woman who is running for Sheriff of Jefferson County, Texas, a man opened fire on the building.According to local CBS affiliate KFDM, witnesses say a white man fired shouted  fucking niggers,  before opening fire from the passenger side of a white jeep.No one was injured during the attack, but the glass doors leading into Stephens campaign headquarters were shattered. Stephens said the weapon appeared to be either a BB gun or an air rifle.Someone from Stephens  campaign headquarters followed the vehicle, helping police to locate and apprehend the suspects.Five people have been detained in connection with the incident.During an interview with KFDM, Stephens referred to the attack  an example of ignorance. Whether we re getting ready for an election or not,  the candidate said,  it s just an example of ignorance. Anytime you try to hurt somebody   it s just ignorance. Here s more on the story from KFDM.This is a clear case of voter intimidation. Whomever fired that shot should be punished to the fullest extent of the law.The words the shooter, reported as either  fucking niggers,  or  fuck them niggers,  leave no room for doubt as to whether or not this was a racially-motivated hate crime.Ahead of Super Tuesday, white supremacists began placing robocalls supporting Donald Trump, claiming that whites in the U.S. and Europe are under attack from people of color.After the candidate refused to call the Ku Klux Klan a hate group earlier this week, Trump s son stumped for him on Fox and Friends, where he offered to pay to ship Black people out of the country.Trump s almost singular message, that non-whites are responsible for all of the problems facing his narrow-minded, bigoted supporters, has done nothing to make America great again.As everyone with a conscience and a soul has been saying for months, Trump s message is making America hate again.The right-wing is  taking America back,  alright. They re taking the country back to the days of Jim Crow, and racially motivated voter suppression and voter intimidation.Featured image via video screen capture KFDM",0
7768, Megyn Kelly TORCHES Mike Huckabee For Defending Trump’s KKK Support (VIDEO),"Megyn Kelly became the only Fox News host to take Donald Trump s endorsement by the KKK seriously when she cornered Mike Huckabee on Monday night.After Mitt Romney told Kelly during an earlier interview that Trump is  coddling  the KKK and their former leader David Duke, Mike Huckabee feigned surprise that the former Republican presidential nominee would say such a thing. Trump has repeatedly disavowed David Duke, disavowed the Klan,  Huckabee claimed.Almost immediately, Kelly put pressure on Huckabee. When did he repeatedly disavow the Klan,  she demanded to know.Huckabee insisted that Trump disavowed Duke and the KKK on Twitter, and further insisted that nobody he knows has ever called Trump a racist.But Huckabee should probably read Trump s Twitter feed again because the Republican front-runner only weakly disavowed Duke and said nothing about disavowing the endorsement of the KKK.As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke- I disavow. pic.twitter.com/OIXFKPUlz2  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 28, 2016Kelly mentioned that it was weird how Trump disavowed Duke on Friday but acted like he had never heard of him during the interview with Jake Tapper on CNN on Sunday, and Huckabee could only admit that he couldn t explain it.Huckabee then tried to excuse Trump s terrible interview by claiming that his earpiece wasn t working, something Kelly called him out on swiftly. But Trump heard David Duke in that ear piece, you know that, because he repeated back,  David Duke,  to Jake Tapper,  she brutally reminded the former Arkansas Governor.Huckabee responded by repeating his assertion that he doesn t believe Trump is a racist and went on to trash the KKK as an  abominable  organization that he can t believe still exists.Kelly said that it s hard to believe that Trump could fumble on something that is such a  no-brainer.  Political candidates just do not accept endorsements from hate groups like the KKK. Such an endorsement is damaging and is usually quickly denounced to protect the image and reputation of the person running for public office.But Trump took a long time to finally disavow Duke, and it appears he only did so reluctantly.Kelly even reminded Huckabee of other racist incidents involving Trump, the most recent of which occurred when he decrided a judge for being Hispanic as the reason why a court ruled against him in a fraud case against Trump University. Huckabee responded by calling this election  silly. Here s the video via YouTube.Kudos to Megyn Kelly for not joining her Fox colleagues in defense of a racist. Featured image via video screenshot",0
7769, Leaked Footage Exposes Astonishing And Criminal Antics Of Catholic Priest In His Own Church (VIDEO),"A Catholic priest has been caught on camera snorting cocaine on church grounds, in a room covered in Nazi memorabilia.As the BBC reports:Fr Stephen Crossan is reported to have snorted coke through a  10 note during a night of drinking in July 2015 in Banbridge, County Down.He was in a room containing Nazi memorabilia, and seemed to say  I shouldn t  as he snorted, the Sun on Sunday reported.He has taken leave from the priesthood.A spokesperson for the PSNI said:  Police are aware of the article in a Sunday newspaper and are making inquiries. The Church has confirmed that the footage took place in the Priest s parochial house, on the grounds of St Patrick s Church, Banbridge, in July of last year.This Priest forms part of the same Catholic Church which in Northern Ireland and the U.S., attempts to exert a moral authority over men, women and children. The same church which is fighting to prevent the equal marriage rights of same-sex couples. The same church which is fighting the reproductive rights of women and men, through opposition to abortion and contraception. The same church which is trapping people in loveless or violent marriages, by fighting the right of (predominantly) women to divorce. The same church which covered up rampant sexual abuse of children by their priests, rather than expose themselves to public accountability.However, this same cocktail of toxic beliefs has infected the Republican Party of the United States through the Christian Conservative movement. Despite the clear and incontrovertible evidence that religiosity is not the same as morality, this party and it s Quiverfull followers still attempt to assert a moral authority of secular liberals.Unfortunately for the Father Crossan, the Duggars and other Christian Conservative leaders   your moral hypocrisy has a way of making itself known to the world.Featured Image via Screengrab",0
7770, NRA Had This To Say After ANOTHER School Shooting Took Place In America (VIDEO),"The National Rifle Association (NRA) has been very vocal about their belief that guns are totally not a problem in America. You can often find the group posting things on Twitter and Facebook about how awesome and safe firearms are. They contribute millions and millions of dollars to Republican candidates to spread this wonderfully false message about their weapons of  freedom.  So, when a school shooting happened in Madison, Ohio on Monday we looked at their social networking accounts to see what the organization had to say about the incident and we found: Nothing.A 14-year-old boy walked into Madison Junior/Senior High School during lunch on Monday and opened fire with a .380 caliber semi-automatic handgun. Two boys, 14 and 15, were hit with freedom projectiles and two other students were injured during the panic that ensued after the shooting.One student, Shelby Kinnin, was sitting at the table next to where the shooting occurred and described what she saw: I heard the gunshot go off and then I saw one of the kids go down and grab their leg and fall. And then everybody running out of the building. I didn t know what it was at first, I thought maybe it was a chip bag, but then I thought that s too loud for a chip bag to pop. The shooter ran out of the school afterward and police used a K-9 to find him. He was arrested and charged with two counts of attempted murder, two counts of felonies assault, making terroristic threats and inducing panic.It s really not that surprising that the NRA is ignoring the latest in a long list of school shootings. For one thing, the police have not yet said how this kid got his hands on a gun, but he is 14-years-old. How many different ways can a child get a gun? He either took it from some Second Amendment, NRA-worshipping family member or he managed to buy it (not very likely) from someone who stole it from some other person who believes the only way to have freedom is to own penile extensions.Of course, they are going to keep quiet. They can t say anything without sounding like the imbeciles that they are. And if for some reason they do decide to address this, the statement will sound like, Well, this is why we shouldn t have gun free zones!  Because in the underdeveloped mind of an ammosexual MOAR GUNZ! is always the answer.Thankfully, no kids were killed this time, but these children will likely have emotional scars for the rest of their lives. And the shooter will likely spend a very long time in prison for something that could have been prevented if adults had acted responsibly.Watch: Featured image via video screenshot",0
7771, Check Out CREEPY Announcement Made Before Trump Rallies For Dealing With Protesters (VIDEO),"When looking at any Donald Trump event lately, it can almost be guaranteed that there will be some sort of protest. With his vitriolic and racist rhetoric, he s bound to have at least a few people stand up and say something. Now, with Trump getting closer and closer to being the clear Republican nominee, these protests are becoming even more frequent. And Trump always makes sure any dissenting voice is removed, because god forbid anyone disagree with what he has to say.In an effort to remove these protesters as fast and as peacefully as possible, the Trump campaign has been playing this announcement before every event: This is a peaceful rally. In order to notify the law enforcement officers of the location of the protester, please hold a rally sign over your head and start chanting,  Trump. Trump. Trump.  Ask the people around you to do likewise til the officer removes the protester. Thank you for helping us make America great again. Now, if you re like me and thought,  no way, that can t be real, that has to be a voice over, because it s just too goddamn creepy.  Well, upon further research, it is, in fact, true. According to NBC News, as of a couple of months ago, Trump began running this announcement at the beginning of his rallies. Attendees were instructed ahead of the event to not harm the protesters, an announcement that is becoming more frequent at the start of Trump s events.Audience members followed those rules as far as could be seen, cheering  Trump  and  U-S-A  until the interrupters were escorted out by event security and law enforcement. So, it seems this announcement is not only very real, but it is why we hear the  Trump! Trump! USA!  chants at every rally surrounding a protester using their freedom of speech to openly dissent.Check out the extraordinarily bizarre announcement here:An announcement before Trump s rally on how his supporters should deal with protestors. pic.twitter.com/WT4NqSbGI2  Vic Berger IV (@VicBergerIV) February 29, 2016Featured image: Flickr",0
7772," After The Second White Supremacist Attack In 2 Days, Republicans Respond With Dead Silence","A Trio of Neo-Nazi, Confederate flag-waving white supremacists are now in custody after screaming  HEIL HITLER!  and engaging in a knife attack on a small group of Latino children and a family that tried to intervene on behalf of the kids.The Los Angeles County Sheriff s Department received calls at approximately 4:30 p.m. from people who were reporting the incident. Witnesses told Police that the men were screaming racial slurs, and one of them was waving a wallet with a Confederate flag on it, as they were attacking the teens and family. The family arrived on the scene after the group had already began harassing the teenagers, and that s when the offenders drew knives on the group. The father of the family, who wanted to remain anonymous, said:They just started beating them up. They started coming towards us, and they pulled out some knives, and they were saying they would kill us.Source: RawstoryPolice said that they will be investigating the attack as a hate crime, for obvious reasons. There were no injuries, but this is the second attack that has happened by white supremacists in two days in California. In Anaheim one day earlier, a KKK rally turned into a street brawl that ended with a Klansman impaling 3 people with the tip of a flagpole. The second incident had a happier ending, because there were no serious injuries and these people will actually be prosecuted for a crime. In the flagpole incident, police said that the KKK  stabbed in self-defense,  so they were released from custody.With the Ku Klux Klan officially endorsing the person who is about to win the Republican nomination for president, it brings to mind that there may be an escalating occurrence of hate crimes as America keeps rewarding racism and bigotry with ever-growing poll numbers and success. It s going to be a long election season if this keeps up.Watch local coverage of the incident below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
7773," Chris Rock Ends Oscars With ‪#‎BlackLivesMatter‬, Racists LOSE It (VIDEO/IMAGES)","This year s Academy Awards nominations received loads of backlash for their lack of diversity, sparking a boycott and the widely used hashtag #OscarsSoWhite.The 88th Academy Awards was hosted by black comedian Chris Rock, who made sure to comment on the overwhelming whiteness in his brilliant monologue, where he spoke of how black actors deserved equal opportunities. Here s just a sample of how Rock blasted the lack of diversity at the ceremony: I m here at the Academy Awards, otherwise known as White People s Choice Awards. If they nominated hosts, I wouldn t even get this job. Y all would be watching Neil Patrick Harris right now. This year things are gonna be a little different at the Oscars. This year, the In Memoriam package is just gonna be Black people shot by the cops on their way to the movies. At the end of the awards ceremony, Rock closed the show with three important words:  Black Lives Matter.  And as expected, Chris  powerful human rights message was lost amongst racists, even those who work in the Hollywood industry. Hollywood producer Juergen Pichler Levine even had the audacity to say that the Oscars were too black! Levine posted (and then deleted) a meltdown that he shared with his 900,000 Instagram followers about the obscene number of black people at the Oscars. Levine said,  God bless America but not these monkeys  and complained about Obama.Levine wasn t the only one. Fox News had a field day when contributor Kevin Jackson ripped Rock over his remarks. When host Brian Kilmeade asked Jackson about what he thought about Rock s remarks, Jackson said: It was tragic. It was fun though watching a group of white racist liberals get put back on them the things that conservatives face every single day. At the end of the day, you can t say that Hollywood is racist because blacks have been getting awards in proportionate numbers for the last couple of decades. So at the same time I m watching these very sanctimonious liberals suffer, I also know that it s not good for the country that we go through this. Jackson also said that Rock was solely responsible for the  worst performance  the Oscars had seen in years. He argued: It was definitely one of the ones I wish I had a chance to miss. I think it was more just this idea how he was treating Hollywood of being so racist because black people hadn t been nominated. You can watch Jackson spit straight nonsense below:Even CNN s Carol Costello couldn t take the fact that racism still exists in America and watching it on television made it uncomfortable for her to sit smugly in her white privilege. Her reaction was,  Please stop and let me enjoy this for a moment. Guest commentator Michaela Angela David agreed and said that the hashtag  #OscarsSoAwkward  would have been more appropriate. You can watch the exchange below:Rock did a great job at the awards ceremony, regardless of what anyone says. Sometimes the truth is uncomfortable, but we should not avoid exposing it just because it s hard to hear. Featured image via video screen capture",0
7774, Trump Has Quiet Black Students Removed From Rally At School That Was Segregated (VIDEO),"The latest racial incident associated with the Donald Trump for President campaign occurred today at a campaign rally in Georgia. According to news reports, the Trump campaign ordered the removal of a group of black students. They weren t being disruptive or interrupting his rally.About 30 black students who were standing silently at the top of the bleachers at Donald Trump s rally here Monday night were escorted out by Secret Service agents who said the presidential candidate had requested their removal before he began speaking.The sight of the students, who were visibly upset, being led outside by law enforcement officials created a stir at a university that was a whites-only campus until 1963. We didn t plan to do anything,  said a tearful Tahjila Davis, a 19-year-old mass media major, who was among the Valdosta State University students who was removed.  They said,  This is Trump s property; it s a private event.  But I paid my tuition to be here. The removal of black students from the formerly segregated campus comes just a little over 24 hours after Trump was widely ridiculed for refusing to denounce or reject the endorsement of former klansman and white supremacist David Duke in an interview with CNN.One student, Tahjila Davis, a 19-year-old mass media major, told USA Today:  I have not experienced any racism on this campus until now. Trump s increasingly visible racial insensitivity is creating a major problem for the Republican Party, with some party bigwigs now publicly panicking that a Trump candidacy would mean electoral catastrophe in the fall election.Despite this, Trump received an endorsement from Senator Jeff Sessions (R-Alabama), who allegedly once referred to a black attorney as  boy  and has a considerable history of racial slights and insensitivity.The incident is the second controversy in one day involving Trump s security team. At another event, a man working security   possibly for the Secret Service   choke slammed a press photographer who was attempting to take pictures of protesters.Featured image via Flickr",0
7775, Viral Video Shows Trump For The Fascist He Truly Is (VIDEO),"If you re not scared to death of the prospect of Donald Trump as President of the United States, then you re either not paying attention, or you agree with him. And if you agree with him, then you agree with fascism and stand against freedom.Watching Trump speak is terrifyingly reminiscent of a fascist regime that tried to take over Europe in the 1930s and 40s. A regime that, much like Trump, was against the freedom of people to worship whatever they wish to follow, silence those who were in dissent, and control all aspects of the media.If you re a Republican and supporting Trump and claim you re a  lover of freedom and the Constitution    you re a liar. You clearly only want freedom for yourself and to oppress those who aren t just like you, and Trump s disdain for the freedom of speech, religion and press are palpable.Putting together a compilation of some of Trump s most horrifying moments from his rallies is the Facebook page Americans Against the Republican Party. Even down to the most recent attack on the press from a Trump security agent who choke slammed a photojournalist who wanted to record what was going on.As the page states: He incites, encourages, and rewards violence against protesters.He has stated he would expand libel laws, tearing down the framework of the First Amendment. In fact, he s declared a war on the First Amendment. Donald Trump doesn t believe in the freedom of religion, freedom of speech, or the freedom of the press. It really doesn t get more clear than this, Trump is clearly in support of Fascism and we need to make sure he doesn t ever get anywhere near the White House. // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Donald Trump s War On The 1st AmendmentWATCH AND SHARE THIS! Today, a reporter was slammed to the ground by his throat by Trump s security forces. He regularly attacks the press with hateful and violent rhetoric. He jokes,  Nah, I wouldn t kill them    an answer to a question that should not have to be asked. He s stated his opinion in the past that Putin s execution of journalists in Russia  shows strength. He incites, encourages, and rewards violence against protesters.He has stated he would expand libel laws, tearing down the framework of the First Amendment. In fact, he s declared a war on the First Amendment. Donald Trump doesn t believe in the freedom of religion, freedom of speech, or the freedom of the press. We re never going to stop making fun of Donald Trump, but make no mistake   the threat he presents to our nation and our democracy is all too serious. Trump, and his supporters, are fascists. When caught accidentally retweeting Mussolini, he DEFENDED Mussolini. He s the Republican frontrunner, and all predictions say he ll be the nominee. He s their leader. Trump is everything the GOP stands for, even those that won t admit it. Ignoring him isn t going to stop him. The only thing that will is letting it be known that this kind of behavior and attitude is not going to be tolerated in our nation. The undercurrent of racism and fear he has tapped into is strong, and our voices and votes MUST be stronger. There is no other option. Are you with us?LIKE Americans Against The Republican Party for more!Posted by Americans Against The Republican Party on Monday, February 29, 2016Featured image: flickr",0
7776," Justice Thomas Asks Idiotic Question, Shows Us All Why He’s Been Silent For A Decade","The death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia has raised many questions and left the fate of the Supreme Court up in the air, especially since the GOP is flat-out refusing to allow President Obama s potential nominees through, no matter who they might be. However, Scalia s sudden demise also had another unintended   and very unexpected   effect: it made notoriously silent Justice Clarence Thomas open his mouth for the first time in literally a decade.The case before the court involved the 1996 law that stopped domestic abusers from owning firearms again. Being the staunch conservative that he is, Thomas didn t agree with this, and seemed to imply that wife beaters should be able to own guns, despite the very good reasons for prohibiting them from doing so. So, Thomas s first utterance on the court in the last ten years was also incredibly stupid. He asked: Can you give me another example where a misdemeanor suspends a constitutional right permanently? There was an audible gasp of surprise from the court; after all, many folks there probably don t even know what Clarence s voice sounds like. But, now, we understand why he didn t speak. He s clearly a f*cking moron. As Winning Democrats reports, Thomas decided to go to bat for the gun rights of violent men and engaged in the following tit-for-tat with Ilana Eisenstein, a Justice Department attorney: You re saying that a misdemeanor conviction results in a lifelong ban on possessing a gun,  Thomas said.  Which at least right now is a constitutional right. In these cases, did any of the petitioners use a weapon? Eisenstein responded that they had not. So it is not directly related  to the original crime, Thomas asked.Well, it seems that with Scalia gone, Thomas will be the one to fight for the rights of abusers everywhere to go on and kill the partners they victimize. Way to carry a monumentally stupid and dangerous torch, Justice Thomas. Shame on you.Featured image via screen capture from DailyNebraskan",0
7777, Family Values Republican Bill O’Reilly Loses Custody Of His Kids,"Fox News host Bill O Reilly finally lost a years-long battle with his own children over his right to have custody of them. A New York appeals court put an end to the protracted family battle by affirming a lower court s decision that O Reilly s teenage children don t have to see him if they don t want to and that they can live full-time with their mother, Maureen McPhilmy.This is quite a slap in the face for O Reilly, a man who never hestitated to lecture (mostly African-American) parents on how to raise their families. Even while privately fighting his ex-wife and his own children, the pundit felt brazenly self-assured in telling his viewers that letting their children listen to Beyonce causes teen pregnancy. In 2013, he wrote an op-ed suggesting liberal parents being too gentle with their kids has led to almost all of society s ills. He used Miley Cyrus twerking at the MTV Music Awards as an example.Of course, this being Fox, poor parents were an even more frequent target. Here is a typically shameful exchange O Reilly had with a guest in 2015:O REILLY: OK. Let s take your situation, all right? From what I understand from our research of you, in San Diego, when you were growing up, there was a six month period in 1983-84 where you were hungry; is that correct? As a child.JOHNSON-HUSTON: I was homeless.O REILLY: You were homeless and hungry.JOHNSON-HUSTON: Yes.O REILLY: And that is because your mother   no father, right?JOHNSON-HUSTON: Father wasn t around.O REILLY: OK. Your mother was an alcoholic, is that true?JOHNSON-HUSTON: She had alcohol and drug issues, yes.O REILLY: OK. And drugs issues. Now, my point is: I feel terrible for you that you had to go through that, I really do. And I give literally hundreds of thousands of dollars to charities to help kids who are in your circumstance. You should know that.JOHNSON-HUSTON: Thank you and I appreciate it.O REILLY: But that s not society s fault that your mother was a drug addict and alcoholic and you didn t have a father. That s not my fault. But that was my point and it was clearly made.But while O Reilly loves to take the moral high ground when lecturing his guests and audience, at home there is reason to believe he is an unequivocal monster. The  angry  persona he plays for his Fox News crowd apparently doesn t go away when the cameras stop rolling. During the legal battle, all of O Reilly s skeletons came out of his closet and the picture was disturbing. In one example, leaked to the press, O Reilly s young daughter told a forensic examiner that she had watched O Reilly brutally assault her mom in a fit of rage.According to a source familiar with the facts of the case, a court-appointed forensic examiner testified at a closed hearing that O Reilly s daughter claimed to have witnessed her father dragging McPhilmy down a staircase by her neck, apparently unaware that the daughter was watching.Later, O Reilly attempted to destroy his ex-wife s reputation, going so far as to attempt to use his clout as a Republican celebrity to get her excommunicated from the Roman Catholic Church.The New York appeals court seems to have taken this pattern of abuse into account when they issued their ruling:Viewing the totality of the circumstances, there is a sound and substantial basis for the Supreme Court s determination that it is in the best interests of the children for the mother to be awarded primary residential custody. Particularly relevant in this case are the clearly stated preferences of the children, especially considering their age and maturity, and the quality of the home environment provided by the mother.O Reilly denies any and all of the allegations levied against him, but even if only some of them were true, it s probably a very good thing that his children are allowed to stay away from his influence.Featured image via Fox News",0
7778," Brainwashed Marine Cries ‘Benghazi!’ At Bill Clinton, Gets Shut Down (VIDEO)","On Friday, former President Bill Clinton encountered a rude protester during a campaign event in Bluffton, South Carolina and proved that he was not to be messed with.The protester, who claimed to be a Marine veteran, confronted Bill about his wife s involvement in the 2012 attack in Benghazi, Libya and was met with deafening  boos  from the 500-person crowd. Still, Bill heard the army vet out, but unfortunately did not get the same respect when he tried to give him an answer. Bill said: You listen to me, as I ve heard you. I m not your commander-in-chief anymore, but if I were, I d tell you to be more polite. Bill tried to be cordial, but as the unconfirmed vet repeatedly demanded to know if Hillary had lied about the four American lives that were lost during the attack, Clinton lost his patience and said: If you shut up and listen to my answer, I ll answer it. His mind has been poisoned by lies, and he won t listen. Even as the marine was being escorted out of the audience by security, he continued to shout at Bill Clinton, which encouraged another audience member to harass Bill in his place. The second protester shouted over the crowd s  boos , She lied to those families. So all of those families are liars? Then the crowd came to Bill s defense, telling the protester  You re watching too many movies  as she was also escorted out of the event. Throughout the entire incident, the former president maintained his composure and remained calm while these two idiots tried to call his wife out and pathetically fail.After the protesters were gone, Bill defended Hillary and revealed that she lost many  personal friends  in the attack. He said, You can imagine how she feels when people make these charges. It s amazing that right-wingers just can t let Benghazi go. There was nothing to be lied about or covered up, but so many conservatives will do anything to keep smearing Hillary s name because she s such a big threat to them.You can watch the event footage below: Featured image via screenshots",0
7779," White House Issues Scathing Response To Trump’s KKK Remarks, And It’s Perfect (VIDEO)","During a recent interview on CNN with Donald Trump, the real estate mogul denied knowing anything about former KKK Grand Wizard David Duke and the Ku Klux Klan. He was even asked by Jake Tapper if he would disavow any endorsements by white supremacists and white supremacy groups. Trump responded: I don t know anything about David Duke. I don t know anything about what you are even talking about with white supremacy or white supremacists. So, I don t know. I mean, did he endorse me or what s going on? Because I know nothing about David Duke, I know nothing about white supremacists. And so, you are asking me a question that I m supposed to be talking about people that I know nothing about. When pressed further, Trump had the audacity to say, regarding the KKK: Well, I have to look at the group. I mean, I don t know what group you re talking about. You wouldn t want me to condemn a group that I know nothing about. I d have to look. If you would send me a list of the groups, I will do research on them, and certainly I would disavow if I thought that there was something wrong. You can t acknowledge off the top of your head that what the KKK stands for is horrifying?Well, the White House has now offered their response to Donald Trump s pathetic answers surrounding David Duke and the KKK. Press Secretary Josh Earnest, during a press conference on Monday, stated: I think my observation is simply that, you know Mr. Trump says that there s more that he needs to learn about Mr. Duke before he can render an opinion. But I think we now know all we need to know about Mr. Trump to render our personal opinion of his candidacy. Earnest, in so many words, just pretty much insinuated that most sane-minded people should be able to surmise that Donald Trump not only embraces his racist base of support, but is likely racist himself. Who the hell doesn t know what the KKK is and who David Duke is? Trump s playing dumb, because he knows most of his base is in full support of open racism. It s how Trump has run his campaign from the start.And yes, Earnest is correct, we no know all we need to know about Donald Trump to render our own personal opinions. If you re a Trump supporter at this point, you re likely racist. That s just a fact. If you re not, WTF are you doing? He s not going to  make America great again,  he s going to make America hate again.Here s the video from the press conference:WATCH: @PressSec responds to Trump s David Duke comments:  We now know all we need to know about Mr. Trump  https://t.co/WPgd5fYrem  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) February 29, 2016Featured image: screengrab",0
7780, Donald Trump’s Security Agents Just Brutally Choke Slammed Reporter To Ground (VIDEO),"What we ve witnessed over the past several months coming from the Donald Trump campaign is something very reminiscent of a fascist regime that once tried to take over Europe. No one dare say anything bad about Trump, because if it doesn t get you physically tossed from a rally, it will get you verbally taunted in front of thousands of onlookers. Because of this behavior, his minions are following suit and feeling it is equally as okay to be both verbally and physically abusive.Recently, Trump even said if he were to be president, he wouldn t allow the press to say negative things about him. Now, following through already with this proclamation, Trump s Secret Service detail has just brutally choke slammed reporter Christopher Morris from TIME to the ground who was there covering the Radford University event in Radford, Virginia.Watch it all unfold here, as posted by Joe Perticone, a Congressional reporter for the Independent Journal: Secret Service agent choke slams reporter pic.twitter.com/jdsHOlylSB  Joe Perticone (@JoePerticone) February 29, 2016And an even more horrifying view:New video shows Secret Service agent brutally choke slamming a photographer at Trump rally https://t.co/OkvQdWfH8r pic.twitter.com/G6dArHxoKE  Mashable (@mashable) February 29, 2016 With Trump s vitriolic rhetoric getting worse by the day, more and more folks are showing up to protest his events, and rightfully so. According to Perticone, this most recent rally  has been interrupted by protesters (who have been escorted out) 7 times this rally. Thats more than usual. People are sick and tired of Trump s horrific language, and if you dare try to protest it, you re taken away. Now, if you dare try to report on it in a way Trump doesn t see fit, you get taken away.A Donald Trump America, everyone. First Amendment be damned.Featured image: screengrab",0
7781, White Supremacists Robocall For Trump Ahead Of Super Tuesday (AUDIO),"A Super PAC representing white nationalists is robocalling voters in Vermont and Minnesota, urging them to vote for Donald Trump.According to Minnesota s StarTribune, the American National Super PAC is not being particularly discriminate with the calls. Democratic voter Roberta Maki received what she described as a  shocking  call from the group.The group also called Minnesota state representative Carly Melin.Rep. Melin said on Twitter that she recorded the call on her home answering machine.image credit: screen capture Carly Melin via TwitterDuring the 45-second robocall, William Johnson, head of the American Freedom Party, urges voters to support Donald Trump, claiming  the white race is dying out in America and Europe. Minnesota s StarTribune published a transcript of the call, which reads, The American Nationalist Super PAC makes this call to support Donald Trump. I am William Johnson, a farmer and white nationalist. The white race is dying out in America and Europe because we are afraid to be called racist. This is our mind-set: It s OK that our government destroys our children s future, but don t call me racist. I m afraid to be called racist. It s OK to give away our country for immigration, but don t call me racist. It s OK that few schools anymore have beautiful white children in the majority, but don t call me racist. Gradual genocide against the white race is OK, but don t call me racist. I m afraid to be called racist. Donald Trump is not a racist, but Donald Trump is not afraid. Don t vote for a Cuban; vote for Donald Trump.  This call is not authorized by Donald Trump. The group also placed calls to Iowa voters ahead of the state caucus.Iowa resident, David Dwyer, uploaded a recording of the call to Facebook in January.// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Signs that it s going to be a long time until the February caucuses in Iowa: I get a robo call from White Nationalists for Trump. Sigh.Posted by David Dwyer on Saturday, January 9, 2016Donald Trump has the white supremacist vote all tied up, much to the dismay of the other Republican candidates.Trump has doubled-down on the party s long history of using dog-whistle politics to appeal to the lowest element of society. Instead of dog-whistles, Trump has brought the Republican party s racist views to the forefront, using a giant bullhorn.The candidate s racist comments about Hispanics, Blacks, Muslims, Asians, along with every other group that white KKKristian society loves to blame for the problems caused by their own party, has rocketed Trump straight to the head of the pack (or Super PAC).It makes sense. After all, conservative voters have been answering the GOP s more-subtle calls, packed with racist innuendo, for a very long time.Right-wing voters are frustrated and angry at mainstream conservatives, whom they see as too concerned with  political correctness,  to come right out and say what they mean.They re sick and tired of their political leaders denying and walking back racist comments. They want Trump s brand of  honesty  and  sincerity.  They want the GOP to openly promote the party s racists views, helping to make their hate seem more  acceptable,  and  mainstream. To hell with the dog-whistles.With Trump they have a leader who will blast their white supremacist views on a bullhorn, and that s exactly what they want.Image credit from Gage Skidmore, via Flickr",0
7782," John Oliver Finally Takes Aim At Donald Trump, Destroys Him On EVERYTHING (VIDEO)","The one thing John Oliver hasn t talked about on his show so far is Donald Trump, but that changed on Sunday night.The HBO host devoted nearly his entire program to ripping apart the Republican billionaire as if he had been biding his time waiting for the perfect moment to strike. Our main story tonight   and I can not believe I m saying this   is Donald Trump, and I say that knowing that every time his name gets said out loud, he has a shattering orgasm,  Oliver hilarious began.Like a small mole discovered on your back, Oliver continued, Trump has grown to the point where you have to start taking him seriously.Trump has not only won New Hampshire and South Carolina, he is now poised to win big on Super Tuesday, which could seal the nomination for him.But Oliver absolutely destroyed Trump and it became really obvious that he and his team did a lot of research in an effort to hit Trump as hard as possible. Donald Trump can seem appealing until you take a closer look,  Oliver said.  Much like the lunch buffet at a strip club. Or the NFL. Or having a pet chimpanzee. Sure, it seems fun, but someday Coco is going to rip your f*cking limbs off. Oliver took aim at Trump s net worth, which The Donald proudly claims is at least  TEN BILLION DOLLARS.  However, Oliver noted that in reality Trump is  worth a mere $150 to $250 million dollars. Then it was time to take a closer look at Trump s claim that he is successful at everything he does, and even that doesn t hold water. From Trump Vodka to Trump Steaks to Trump University, Donald Trump has repeatedly failed in multiple business ventures. He s even incredibly thin-skinned, as Oliver discovered when he pointed out that Trump sends an occasional letter to Vanity Fair with a picture of his hand highlighting the length of his fingers after the magazine claimed that he has  tiny, cocktail sausage fingers. The in-depth mockery of Trump by Oliver was simply amazing over the full 21 minutes the segment lasted, which hilariously concluded with the comedian reaching back into Trump s family history to find out that Trump s real last name is Drumpf. And that inspired Oliver to buy www.donaldjdrumpf.com to Make Donald Drumpf Again.Here s the video via YouTube:Oliver also summed up Trump s candidacy as a  bullshit artist selling a shitty lifestyle  to the American people.We may have had to wait a long time to see Oliver take on Trump, but it sure was worth the wait.Featured image via screenshot",0
7783, Another Progressive Democrat Lines Up Behind Sanders — Will Warren Be Next?,"Probably the most highly coveted endorsement by either Democratic Presidential candidate would be Senator Elizabeth Warren. Her popularity and leadership in the Senate against corporate influences and Wall Street have made her a household name since President Barack Obama asked the former Harvard Law Professor to assist with Wall Street reform following the 2008 economic recession.After Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (D-HI) resigned from her position as Vice Chair at the DNC in order to endorse Bernie Sanders, and after progressive champion Congressman Alan Grayson (D-FL) also endorsed Sanders today, the pressure is on for Senator Elizabeth Warren to either endorse a presidential candidate or not.Supporters of both Clinton and Sanders have speculated Senator Warren s neutrality is a sign of allegiance to their favored candidate. Warren s ideals more closely align with Senator Bernie Sanders, and the two are often seen in the Senate in tandem fighting against corporate greed. Just this past November, they were the only senators disputing Barack Obama s nominee to head the FDA over his ties to big pharmaceutical companies.Senator Warren has remained silent on the issue of an endorsement, but has remained as vocal as ever on the issues important to progressives. Today, an op-ed she wrote was published in the Boston Globe on how to level the playing field for working families in regards to the Family and Medical Leave Act. Both Sanders and Clinton support 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave.Senator Warren s neutrality is most likely attributed to maintain the Democratic Party s integrity, as her endorsement would further divide a party already under pressure from the rift between Clinton and Sanders supporters. A Sanders endorsement would likely alienate Senator Warren from the Democratic Establishment, which has embraced her notoriety, and also embitter her supporters who preferred Clinton over Sanders.A Clinton endorsement would have similar consequences, but most likely negatively influence the Sanders campaign more than it would Clinton s campaign, as the failure of the Sanders campaign to receive an endorsement from arguably the most progressive in the Senate aside from Sanders would be a major setback. Senator Warren is also still a viable candidate for Vice President for either Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, and regardless of who ultimately wins the nomination, Senator Warren will likely serve an important role if they win the presidency as she has in the Obama administration.If Senator Warren were to make an endorsement, the best time would be today or tomorrow, as Massachusetts, and her home state of Oklahoma hold their primaries on Super Tuesday tomorrow, and the longer she waits to make a decision, the less influence she would have on pushing for her choice as the nominee. Featured image via Flickr",0
7784, WOW: Trump Jr. Just Offered To Ship Black People Out Of The Country And Pay For It (VIDEO),"You know what might make the recent scandal surrounding Donald Trump s support from white supremacists just a bit worse? Things might get bad if his son offered to pay to ship black people out of the United States. In fact, such a move would be so monumentally stupid that  Oh! It happened, didn t it?On  Fox and Friends,  Donald Trump Jr. and brother Eric Trump showed up to discuss the  Super Tuesday  primaries and, of course, the  attacks  against The Donald for minor issues like wanting to shove all Muslims into concentration camps and ban them from entering the United States, as well as his support from white supremacist groups.Recently, Trump responded to an endorsement from former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard David Duke by adamantly refusing to denounce Duke   or any White Power Rangers who have stepped up to declare that he is the best thing to happen to this country since slavery. Trump, who regularly retweets white supremacists and their propaganda, is immensely popular among white nationalist groups, who actively use him as a recruitment tool and even call voters to encourage them to support the man they view as the new Fuhrer. You know, it s sad to see,  Eric Trump said of the attacks on his father, which he considers trivial in light of how awesome his racist father is.  We love our father. He s an amazing guy   he would do such an unbelievable job for this country. He s an amazing businessman, he s an amazing negotiator. He s funding himself, right? But when Fox News played the Trump brothers clips of numerous African-Americans, including Whoopi Goldberg and Al Sharpton, saying they will leave the United States if Trump was elected, Trump Jr. decided that the best way to help his father mitigate the damage done by his white supremacist friends would be to offer to pay:Eric Trump said that criticism from African-Americans might be his father s  greatest endorsement ever.  Trump Jr. added that criticism from minority groups is a positive as far as Trump is concerned, especially considering his base: Those are endorsements for Trump. That s the thing   when you have the establishment people in the debates, and they stack the debates with a thousand people that are all booing, those are votes for us. Because the people in the audience watching at home are like,  Wait a minute   he s saying what I m thinking.  I love that. That s as good an endorsement as we could possibly get. Sadly, he s right   any criticism from African-Americans, Muslims, Hispanics, women, non-Christians, and other groups Trump considers Untermensch is almost certain to be viewed as a positive by his racist, cenophobic, Christofascist, hateful supporters.Watch Trump Jr. offer to send black people out of the country below:Featured image via screengrab",0
7785, CNN Host Calls Out Trump’s Uncle Tom Spokeswoman And It Is GLORIOUS (VIDEO),"Katrina Pierson is a black woman. She is also a top spokesperson for unabashed racist Donald Trump. She apparently buys into Trump s horrible ideas and rhetoric, though, as she defends him at every turn. Hell, she might be just as crazy as he is, as she even went so far as to appear on national television wearing a necklace made out of bullets in order to tout Trump s staunch support for the second amendment.However, it is about time someone took this black woman to task for her blind support of a clear racist, and, finally, CNN pundit and GOP strategist Tara Setmeyer did so. The pundit absolutely blasted Pierson, and said that she is simply  one of the blacks he likes since he pays her to clean up his mess everyday on television. When Setmeyer pointed out how Trump is under fire for refusing to firmly toss aside an endorsement from former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard David Duke, Pierson dodged the question, saying: Mr. Trump said, look, I don t even know what you re talking about. So, I think this has really been blown out of proportion. And it really does highlight more media bias when no one has asked Barack Obama to disavow Sen. Robert Byrd, who was not just a klans [sic] member, but a leader in the Klan when he endorsed him in 2008. The thing is, though, Pierson, like so many ignorant Trump supporters, failed to notice the fact that Byrd had a BIG change of heart a hell of a long time ago, according to a book he wrote. So, completely different kettle of tripe entirely, as Duke is still very much an avowed racist.Setmeyer pushed Pierson, and plowed on: He brags about how he can manipulate folks. We sit and we watched this play out over the weekend, where Donald Trump took five different positions because he got pressured into having to actually admit to what was going on. David Duke absolutely came out and said it s against your heritage if you don t vote for Donald Trump, okay. That s an endorsement. Give me a break. And then to say, I couldn t hear what was going on, they gave me a [bad] earpiece. Anyone who watched the interview with Jake Tapper, Donald Trump clearly heard everything that Jake Tapper said. He responded to it. He didn t say,  Oh, I can t hear you, this isn t a good earpiece. Clearly getting angry, Pierson yelled at the hosts: The Democrats have called the Tea Party racists! Should we have him disavow the Tea Party too? Absolutely not! But Setmeyer, in the end got the best of Pierson, and called her out for what she is: We aren t even talking about Donald Trump s questionable history with race back to when the DOJ sued the Trump organization for racial discrimination. Or when Donald Trump came out and said how much he loves   quote    the blacks  or we can go down the list of very questionable things Donald Trump has said. But I don t know. Maybe Katrina Pierson is one of the blacks he likes since he pays her to clean up his mess everyday on television. And that s just it. Trump is fine with black folks, just since they bow, turn their backs on their own race, and go  YASSA MASSA!  when he comes running. They help assure the ignorant and blind people that he is somehow  not racist  no matter what he says.Of course, in the end, Pierson lamely went back to what Trump and all of his supporters say: He s winning. That s all that matters. He s winning. The sad thing is, though, is that Katrina Pierson, and so many other Trump supporters, seem to actually believe that.Watch the video below via Raw Story:Featured image via video screen capture",0
7786,"
Donald Trump Gets His A** Handed To Him By A 10-Year-Old Girl (VIDEO)
","A 10-year-old girl smacked down Donald Trump, and it was amazing.On Saturday, the Huffington Post interviewed Lexi, an adorable Hillary Clinton volunteer who had absolutely no problem shredding the Republican billionaire when asked how she feels about him.Lexi slammed Trump for having zero experience in government and compared him to her brother who thinks he knows everything. Number one, he doesn t have any experience, at all,  Lexi said.  And he sits there and thinks,  Oh I m Mr. Donald Trump, I know everything,  which is sort of like my brother. She also broke the bad news to Trump s supporters that if they think they ll get money by voting for Trump, they are sorely mistaken. He s just rich, a lot of people just vote for him because they think they ll get some money, too. But that s not it. You think you re going to get the money, but that s not the case. Lexi then took aim at Trump s xenophobia and racism and made it clear what parents who vote for Trump can expect of their children s future should he get in the White House. Oh, and she also had positive things to say about Bernie Sanders, who she sees as someone who is  building an environment for the kids. It s ridiculous because I mean, look at these people, your best friend you may not know is Muslim or Jewish. And Bernie Sanders, he s Jewish. You don t see anybody talking about that. He s just building an environment for the kids, their parents are voting for Donald Trump, but little do they know that their kids will grow up not having a good education and not having good jobs. Lexi then warned that if people fail to show up and vote on Election Day in November, it could mean a Trump victory. And she thinks his hair is  gross. If you don t vote, then Mr. Donald Trump will be president. I don t think that s his real hair, being president. His hair, look at it! Look at it! It s gross. I can t believe that s his real hair. Here s the video via Huffington Post. Lexi s interview can be found at the 7:30 mark.// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;HuffPost s Caroline Modarressy-Tehrani takes us through Hillary HQ with chicken & waffles on primary day in S.C. (Yes, chicken & waffles.)Posted by HuffPost Politics on Saturday, February 27, 2016Donald Trump just got his ass handed to him by what he fears most: an intelligent young girl who is going to be a strong woman when she grows up. Featured image via YouTube screen capture",0
7787, Even Trump’s Best Friend Joe Scarborough Can’t Handle His ‘Disqualifying’ KKK Support (VIDEO),"Recently, Joe Scarborough has found himself the subject of, shall we say, criticism because of his insanely pro-Trump bias   something that bothers pretty much everyone at MSNBC. In fact, their relationship has traditionally been so strong that Scarborough bragged about giving The Donald debate tips. Recently Scarborough was busted revealing his pro-Trump bias in  hot mic  comments captured during a commercial break. The  Morning Joe  host can be heard steering Mika Brzezinski away from tougher topics like immigration in his effort to provide the billionaire with a softball interview.Following Trump s repeated refusals to disavow the Ku Klux Klan   something that would be easy for anyone who did not depend so heavily on them for support   Scarborough expressed what can only be referred to as disgust during a segment of the show on Monday: It s breathtaking. That is disqualifying right there. To say you don t know about the Ku Klux Klan?  Scarborough said.  You don t know about David Duke? On Sunday, Trump acknowledged his heavy support from white supremacists, including former KKK Grand Wizard David Duke, but said it would be unfair to renounce the White Power Rangers supporting him until he has more information. Just so you understand, I don t know anything about David Duke, OK?  Trump told CNN s Jake Tapper.  I don t know anything about what you re even talking about with white supremacy or white supremacists. I have to look at the group. I mean, I don t know what group you re talking about,  he added despite Tapper s repeated clarifications that he was talking about the Ku Klux Klan.  You wouldn t want me to condemn a group that I know nothing about. I d have to look. Scarborough called this course of action  stunning  in that it  isn t buying him a single vote : I mean is he really so stupid that he thinks Southerners aren t offended by the Ku Klux Klan and David Duke? Is he really so ignorant of Southern voters that he thinks this is the way to their heart   to go neutral, to play Switzerland when you re talking about the Klan? And to say he doesn t know enough information about the Klan to condemn them   exactly what does Donald Trump expect to learn in the next 24 hours about the Klan. Watch the segment below:Featured image via screengrab",0
7788, WATCH: Leonardo DiCaprio Gave an Oscar Acceptance Speech That Put Republicans To Shame,"He s one of the most recognizable actors of his generation and he s starred in some of the most memorable movies. Yet, he s never won an Oscar   that is until Sunday night. Leonardo DiCaprio took in Best Actor at the 88th Annual Academy Awards Sunday night for his role in The Revenant. DiCaprio used the moment to highlight an issue that Republicans have refused to acknowledge: climate change. He said:The Reverent was about man s relationship with the world. 2015 was the hottest year in recorded history. Our production team needed to go to the southern tip of this planet just to be able to find snow. Climate change is real, it is happening right now. It is the most urgent threat facing our entire species, and we need to work collectively together, and stop procrastinating. We need to support leaders around the world who do not speak for the big polluters or the big corporations.[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyp_DVgT260]It was a night already fueled with emotion and tension after the Academy Awards were called out for not having any African American nominees. Lady Gaga later delivered the performance of a lifetime with her song Till it happens to you, from the documentary The Hunting Ground, which explores rape on college campuses in the U.S., drawing tears and a standing ovation from the audience.The acclaimed actor then received his own standing ovation as the winner for best actor and made his speech as Vice President Joe Biden looked on.Many Republicans have rejected the notion of climate change, preferring instead to cater to big businesses and corporations who have polluted the earth and set temperatures to record levels. Climate change is one of many pressing issues that separate Republicans and Democrats and it makes this election year vital for future policies on climate change. Featured image via video screen capture.",0
7789, Powerful Oscar Performance By Lady Gaga Brings Audience To Tears (VIDEO/TWEET),"Tonight s Oscars were filled with award winners and speeches. However, there was no moment that had a larger collective impact on those watching than Lady Gaga s performance, which brought a standing ovation and tears to the eyes of many in the audience.That s because she performed her Oscar nominated song Till it happens to you, from the documentary The Hunting Ground, which explores rape on college campuses in the U.S. Here s the video:Lady Gaga was introduced by Vice President Joe Biden, who spoke about the White House s  It s On Us  campaign, urging everyone to get on board. After receiving a standing ovation, Biden said: Lets  change the culture so that no abused woman woman or man ever feels they have to ask themselves,  What do I do?  They did nothing wrong. Then it was Lady Gaga s turn to deliver one of the most memorable moments in Oscar history. Gaga performed while playing the piano and was joined by a group of sexual-assault survivors on stage, drawing a standing ovation and tears from members of the audience. Earlier this week, Gaga gave her support to pop star Kesha, who is currently involved in a legal battle with Sony. Kesha tweeted her thanks to both Lady Gaga and Vice President Joe Biden:thank u @ladygaga and VP @JoeBiden for bringing attention to sexual assault at the oscars. it hit very close to my heart for obvious reasons  kesha (@KeshaRose) February 29, 2016Here s Lady Gaga s tweet:I never thought anyone would ever love me because I felt like my body was ruined by my abuser.  https://t.co/6K0Xgf00kz  Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) February 29, 2016Lady Gaga s performance reached the hearts and minds of tens of millions of people around the world and there s no doubt that she and the vice president have benefited humanity by addressing this issue.",0
7790, Vice President Joe Biden Brings Oscars To An Emotional Halt With Powerful Message (VIDEO),"In an powerful moment for a night that is usually designated to honoring celebrities and movies, Vice President Joe Biden took to the stage at the 88th Annual Academy Awards to deliver a message about sexual assault.Biden recently took a break from organizing a national initiative to cure cancer to help launch a program that asks young people to fight against sexual assault by standing up and intervening if they see a situation  where consent cannot or has not been given. Taking the microphone at the Academy Awards ceremony, Biden was greeted with a standing ovation from the attendees. The applause was so intense, in fact, that Biden had to settle people down with a joke, telling the collected group of megastars,  I m the least qualified man here tonight. Joe Biden introduces Lady Gaga at the #Oscars. https://t.co/aRmjqBSbjg  MTV News (@MTVNews) February 29, 2016During his brief remarks, Biden made it clear that victim-blaming had no place in our society. Let s change the culture so that no abused woman or man ever feels they have to ask themselves  What did I do?  They did nothing wrong. The vice president was joined by Lady Gaga, who helped make a documentary on the subject of date-rape on college campuses. The two promoted a website called ItsOnUs.org that will help spread the message of what people can do to help stop sexual assaults in universities around the country. Afterwards, Lady Gaga performed a song she had written for the documentary. At the conclusion, she was joined by survivors of sexual assault. The performance brought the house down and reduced many in the audience to tears.Powerful. https://t.co/vG5LjQdCo9 #Oscars https://t.co/SSzZEcxSLX  ABC News (@ABC) February 29, 2016After the performance, Biden tweeted a photo of himself and Lady Gaga.Proud to stand by my friend @LadyGaga tonight. Pure courage that inspires, challenges us all. #ItsOnUs. All of us. pic.twitter.com/1eee3v0Xd2  Vice President Biden (@VP) February 29, 2016And to those cynics who might believe a speech during the Oscars won t accomplish anything, consider this: From the instant it was mentioned, the ItsOnUs.org website was brought to a crawl under the weight of the traffic. That s a lot of eyes on an issue that is far too often swept under the rug and ignored.Featured image via ABC News/Twitter",0
7791," Whoopi Goldberg Was Confused For Oprah At The Oscars, Twitter Hilariously Responds (TWEETS)","It s bad enough that the Oscar s this year don t have any black people nominated. Now, to insult to injury, it looks as though some folks think all black people look the same.Total Beauty, a Los Angeles based company that provides beauty tips, tweeted a photo of a stunning Whoopi Goldberg in her gown and wrote: We had no idea Oprah was tatted, and we love it. Come on @TotalBeauty There are only a few of us there smhSorry @WhoopiGoldberg ?#screenshot pic.twitter.com/HYjdCVTdyI  Holly Robinson Peete (@hollyrpeete) February 29, 2016Maybe because that s not Oprah. We had no idea people, in this day and age, were still this dense.Well, you can only image the fun Twitter had at the expense of this company s absolute stupidity. The hashtag #ThatsNotOprah quickly caught steam.I accidentally thought Whoopi was Oprah. #thatsnotoprah pic.twitter.com/bshjmrIkkv  Irish Dave (@iamirishdave) February 29, 2016Matthew @McConaughey is looking good for the #Oscars2016 #ThatsNotOprah pic.twitter.com/QbJlXxMuzj  Sean Montgomery (@gomery) February 29, 2016.@WhoopiGoldberg to @TotalBeauty right now: #Oscars #ThatsNotOprah pic.twitter.com/GmniqpsVcx  Lindsey Kupfer (@Lindseykupfer) February 29, 2016How to identify @Oprah pic.twitter.com/pNR6ED1ZPm  Mashable (@mashable) February 29, 2016How Oprah feels after @TotalBeauty's mix-up: pic.twitter.com/WUYxGL6UC9  New York Post (@nypost) February 29, 2016Leo DiCaprio looking amazing tonight. Hope he finally wins! #Oscars pic.twitter.com/CDNDUfjoGU   Gabe! Ort z (@TUSK81) February 29, 2016We had no idea @Oprah was a 9 year old boy, and we love it. #Oscars pic.twitter.com/UveHOBktBb  Jordie (@BarstoolJordie) February 29, 2016.@TotalBeauty pic.twitter.com/1IezmvPGTN  Ziwe (@Ziweeee) February 29, 2016@TotalBeauty pic.twitter.com/T7SPLb1akX  Eric Garland (@EricJGarland) February 29, 2016Needless to say, the beauty company is likely pretty embarrassed at this point. As they should be. They re tweet calling Whoopi Oprah has since been deleted, and they ve offered an apology: We d like to apologize to Oprah and Whoopi, as well as everyone we ve offended. It was our error, and there are no excuses. We re sorry. We d like to apologize to Oprah and Whoopi, as well as everyone we ve offended. It was our error, and there are no excuses. We re sorry.  Total Beauty (@TotalBeauty) February 29, 2016As they should be.Now, some may think this is just a small error in judgement and this mistake was easy to make. Those people are idiots. Whoopi Goldberg and Oprah look absolutely nothing alike. Total Beauty got called out on it and got the mocking they deserved.Featured image: Twitter/Twitter",0
7792, Meet The INCREDIBLY Racist GOP Senator That Just Endorsed Trump (VIDEO),"After failing to denounce or renounce an endorsement from the Ku Klux Klan, Donald Trump topped off his Sunday with the announcement of an endorsement from Senator Jeff Sessions (R-Alabama).Sessions said he would be backing Trump thanks to his harsh anti-immigration policies. You have asked for 30 years, and politicians have promised for 30 years, to fix illegal immigration,  said Mr. Sessions at the rally, held at an outdoor stadium filled with thousands of Trump supporters.  We have an opportunity Tuesday it may be the last opportunity we have for the people s voice to be heard.  He concluded,  I am pleased to endorse Donald Trump for the presidency of the United States. But Senator Sessions has a history of alleged racial insensitivity that fits right in with Trump s white supremacist campaign.In 1986 Sessions was nominated for a federal judgeship, but the nomination failed after allegations of racial insensitivy surfaced. J. Gerald Hebert, a lawyer from the Department of Justice who had worked with Sessions, testified to the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee that Sessions had referred to the NAACP and the ACLU as  un-American  and  Communist-inspired  because they had  forced civil rights down the throats of people. Hebert also testified that Sessions had complained that a white lawyer was a  disgrace to his race  because he had litigated voting rights cases.Sessions himself admitted that he described the Voting Rights Act of 1965 as a  piece of intrusive legislation. Another assistant U.S. Attorney testified that Sessions told him he  used to think  the KKK was  okay  until he found out some of them were  pot smokers. The same attorney said Sessions called him  boy  and told him,  be careful what you say to white folks. Sessions  racial problems resurfaced during the nomination of Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor. Sessions whined that the judge had referred to herself as a  wise Latina,  then complained that she did not vote like other Puerto Ricans.Featured image via YouTube",0
7793, Chris Rock Perfectly ROASTS Lily White Oscars: ‘You’re Damn Right Hollywood Is Racist’ (VIDEO),"There has been a lot of tension lately regarding supposedly  liberal  Hollywood s overt racism. Many influential actors of color have chosen to boycott the biggest Hollywood awards show of the year for those gracing the silver screen, but one person was obligated to be there because he was hosting   comedian Chris Rock. However, that did not stop him from making his feelings known on the matter.He said that white liberals   especially in Hollywood   could be what he called  sorority racist.  They aren t overtly hateful, but they still practice racism without even realizing it. He used the equivalent of rushing Greek organizations on college campuses as a comparison, saying in that epically funny way that only Chris Rock can: We like you Ronda, but you re not a Kappa. Rock also went on to make fun of the supposed efforts of the Academy to make sure there was more diversity in the coming years, in both voters and nominees. Then, the most awkward moment ever happened, when Rock introduced none other than Clueless actress-turned-Fox-News-talking-head Stacey Dash as the new director of the Academy s  minority outreach program. And the winner for least funny #Oscars bit goes to @FoxNews' @REALStaceyDash: https://t.co/p0FsTAtxPe pic.twitter.com/Qao1iRSKsv  Matt Wilstein (@TheMattWilstein) February 29, 2016Now, if you recall, Dash is internalized racism personified. She has said that channels like BET should be done away with, and has complained about the Oscars boycott. Those examples are just the tip of the iceberg, because she is clearly the last person Black America needs representing us in Hollywood or anywhere else. Then again, knowing Chris Rock, this was completely on purpose.The thing is, Chris Rock is right. This  sorority racist  stuff is what minorities all over the place go through daily in this white supremacist society.No, we are not a post racial America, not by a long shot. Not even in  liberal  Hollywood.Well done, Mr. Rock, for saying what needed to be said.Featured image via video screen capture",0
7794, Just FOUR Home Loans Were Given To African-Americans In This Major City In A Whole Year,"The City of Oakland California has a population of over 390,000 as of the 2010 U.S. Census. 28 percent of the population is African-American, yet the top 12 lenders in the nation helped African Americans borrow to purchase a home just four times in the entire year of 2013. Hispanic borrowers received only seven home loans, according to a recent study by the Greenlining Institute and Strategies Council.Big Banks have been ridiculed for racist lending practices since the 2008 economic recession partially caused by the collapse of the housing market. Countrywide Financial, a subsidiary of Bank of America, overcharged 200,000 African-Americans and Latinos for mortgages at the height of the housing boom. Bank of America settled with the Justice Department in 2011 to pay $335 million dollars in claims against the company. In those circumstances, discrimination was profitable,  wrote Jordan Weismann for the Atlantic in 2011.  Greed fueled a system that created a pattern of racial bias. Post 2008 economic recession, the racial bias in mortgage lending has gone from overcharging to turning down mortgage applications of African-Americans. Racial disparities were discovered across the state of California, as African-Americans make up just 2 percent of mortgage lending originations while consisting of 6.5 percent of the state s population. As the nation recovered from the recent economic crisis, the majority of Californians were locked out of the 2013 housing market missing the most affordable time to buy a home,  wrote the study authors.  44 percent of California s residents the combined African American and Hispanic populations obtained just 10.5 percent of total mortgage dollars lent by the top 12 lenders statewide. Sadly, these disparities were more pronounced in three cities where African Americans and Hispanics averaged 56 percent of the population. Racism in mortgage lending isn t a phenomenon unique to California, but rampant across the United States.In September 2015, Evans Bank settled a $825,000 lawsuit with New York State for racist lending practices. JP Morgan was sued by the City of Miami for discriminatory practices in 2014, along with Citigroup, Wells Fargo, and Bank of America. PNC Bank was asked by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to pay $35 million in restitution for the discriminatory practices between 2002 and 2008 of a bank they bought, National City Bank.In the City of Denver, the National Fair Housing Alliance exposed racist practices by U.S. Bank in 2014. These are just a few examples of the banks who were caught conducting discriminatory practices as these trends remain persistent among the largest and smallest banks in the country, while minority communities continue to suffer from being denied the right to purchases a home, or the exorbitant extra fees they are charged because of their race. Featured image via Flickr",0
7795, Pastor Shot And Killed In The Middle Of Church Service In Ohio,"A routine church service at the St. Peter s Missionary Baptist Church in Dayton, Ohio turned violent when a gunman walked in and shot the pastor. Rev. William Schooler was in the pulpit when he was murdered in cold blood as his choir sang behind him. According to local station WDTN, the pastor s brother, 68-year-old Daniel Schooler, is in custody due to suspected involvement in the killing of his brother. No motive is known at this time.There were roughly 20 attendees at the service, and they all ran to flee the gun violence. The event happened at about 12:22 Eastern Time. The victim was a retired and celebrated member of the city s school system as both a teacher and a principal in addition to being a figure of the religious community.Now, to hear the gun lobbyists and gun nuts tell it, this would have been prevented if there had just been one good guy with a gun to make sure that the shooter was taken down prior to killing anyone. But, honestly? Who is expecting to be shot down in a church, of all places? No matter what one might think of organized religion, churches are places that most people go for peace, worship, community, and ultimately salvation. It s likely the last place most reasonable people feel the need to go packing heat. However, the NRA would have us believe otherwise.No, the solution is not MOAR GUNS! This man died because a deranged lunatic came into his church and gunned him down in cold blood. The solution is not more guns, and more armed people in more places, or the extinguishing of gun-free zones. The solution is putting policies in place that make sure such people don t get their hands on weapons in the first place.It really has gotten so bad that we cannot go about our normal activities   like, say, going to church   without fearing for our lives. And that s a damn shame.Rest in peace, Rev. Schooler. You didn t deserve this.Featured image via screen capture from WDTN",0
7796," Iran Stuns World In First Election Since Nuclear Agreement, Pro-West Reformists Sweep Seats","Republicans may have done everything they could to destroy the Iran nuclear deal, including dabbling in light treason, but President Obama was just vindicated for sticking to his guns   and in a HUGE way.In the first election held in Iran in the aftermath of the landmark nuclear deal, the Iranian people flooded to the polls in record numbers to support the warming relations between the two countries. For anti-American hardliners in Tehran, this was a very bad day. According to the Washington Post:Iranian reformists appear have won all 30 seats representing the nation s capital in parliament, a definitive rebuke to the hard-liners opposing President Hassan Rouhani s efforts to increase economic openness and cooperate with the West.In the first elections held since last year s nuclear deal, none of Iran s three main political camps   reformists, conservatives and hard-liners   is expected to win an outright majority, but early results indicate the best reformist showing in the 290-seat parliament in more than a decade.It was also a bad day for anti-Iranian hardliners in America. For months, Republican lawmakers have been attempting to destroy the merits of this international agreement under the premise that Iran will not abide by its agreed upon terms and that the country will never reform. Both theories have now been refuted. The United Nations recently announced that Iran had successfully fulfilled its obligations towards dismantling its nuclear program. Now even the government seems to be changing in a direction towards diplomacy and building international relationships.Iran seems on the verge of a monumental change, perhaps for the first time in decades. Years of threats from America moved the country very little, but the cooling tensions has allowed Iranian moderates to push for greater economic and social reforms. As a sign of the changing times, it is reported that more women than ever before ran and were elected to office.Reporters are predicting as many as 20 women could win seats in #IranElections2016. Historic, record-breaking figure https://t.co/woiSkLluzu  Golnar Motevalli (@golnarM) February 28, 2016That does not mean to say that everything is perfect. The country still hosts a number of appalling human rights violations against its own people. It also doesn t quite love America. At this point, the two countries merely talking to each other is a pretty huge deal.But no one outside of the Republican Party ever thought demanding immediate and unconditional surrender would ever work. Instead, Obama s strategy has always been to  trust, but verify  that the agreements he and Secretary of State John Kerry were hammering out were being fulfilled. The stakes are high: Greater prosperity for the Iranian public and a lesser chance of all out war between the United States and one of the biggest countries in the Middle East.None of this is likely to silence Obama s worst critics. They are beyond the point of rational thought about Iran. The results of this cognitive dissonance can occasionally be quite humorous. Just a day before Iranians went to the polls, and at the risk of looking like a complete jackass, conservative writer Eli Lake penned an anti-nuclear agreement rant for Bloomberg that predicted moderates would get demolished. Alas, it didn t pan out that way. It was an unmitigated  Karl Rove moment  and one that should serve as a reminder for other would-be critics to at least wait for the polls to come back before thinking up new ways to attack the President s deal with Iran.Something tells me they won t listen.Featured image via Twitter ",0
7797, Ted Cruz BLASTS Trump For Alleged Mob Ties (VIDEO),"It s very hard to pick between Ted Cruz and Donald Trump in terms of who would be worse for the country if either were to become the next president. Hopefully it won t come to that. but for now, what an embarrassment for the Republican party this must be to watch the candidates go after each other. In the latest attempt to attack his rival, Texas senator Ted Cruz claimed that Trump has ties to the mob.[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXyCfhtWK1k]On NBC s Meet the Press, Cruz attacked Trump over his tax returns, citing possible reasons why Trump is not making them public. Cruz went fishing on this one, saying that Trump is not revealing his taxes because he s supposedly worth less than Mitt Romney s few hundred million. Then there s the money he allegedly gives to liberal groups. He then threw in the mob tie allegation. He said: Maybe he s not s rich as he says he is. Maybe Mitt Romney is richer than Donald Trump. He can answer that by releasing his taxes. On the other hand maybe it s the case that he s given large sums of money to liberal left wing groups like Planned Parenthood. You know, he praises Planned Parenthood in the debates over and over again. Maybe he s a big financial supporter of that. All of those questions Donald Trump can put to rest. You know Chuck, maybe it s the case, there have been multiple media reports about Donald Trump s business dealings with the mob, with the mafia. Maybe his taxes show those business dealings are a lot more extensive than has been reported regardless what the bombshell is. Chuck Todd seemed startled by the claim and asked if Cruz had any evidence. Cruz said: ABC, CNN, multiple news reports have reported about his business dealings with for example S&A Construction, which was owned by Fat Tony Salerno who is a mobster who is in jail. It is owned by two of the major New York crime families and that has been reported in multiple media outlets. It s interesting how Cruz, a lawyer, can be so dirty as to proclaim Trump s alleged mob ties simply because of reports. That s the type of dirty campaign Cruz has run thus far. However, there is no sympathy felt for Trump and the hope is that the Republican candidates can continue to make a mockery of one another.Featured image via video screen capture.",0
7798," Hillary Clinton Retweets Bernie Sanders, And For A Good Reason (IMAGE)","Over the course of this latest presidential campaign there has been a lot said about both sides by both sides of the Democratic primary. Both Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are formidable candidates and stand heads above any Republican candidate running. Supporters on both sides are very passionate about their candidate, and for the most part, when it comes down to it, agree on what needs to be done, just differing on how to go about implementing those changes.In another great example of both sides agreeing on something very important, Bernie Sanders tweeted out,  America s first black president cannot and will not be succeeded by a hatemonger who refuses to condemn the KKK.  A statement that is absolutely true, and retweeting in agreement was none other than Hillary Clinton herself.via TwitterSanders is exactly right. We CANNOT have a candidate like Donald Trump, who retweets Mussolini quotes, and doesn t condemn the KKK, anywhere near the Oval Office. It s not only a horrible prospect, but outright terrifying. It would set the progress made by the U.S. back over half a century.Clinton is right to back up this statement, because this is something, no matter which candidate you support, you should be able to easily and fervently agree with. It s good to see the candidates standing with one another on this subject, because it is so utterly important. Either candidate would be a great president, and we need to remember to vote blue in November to keep Trump out of the White House.Featured image: Instagram/Instagram/Twitter",0
7799," MSNBC Reacts To Melissa Harris-Perry’s Letter, And Their Response Is Shameful","Just days after Melissa Harris-Perry wrote a scathing indictment of MSNBC s willful shift away from powerful and necessary opinions to that of just generic news, the network has responded.Perry wrote a letter that was released through one of her original producers of her show that explained what she was parting ways with the network. She wrote: Here is the reality: our show was taken without comment or discussion or notice in the midst of an election season. After four years of building an audience, developing a brand, and developing trust with our viewers, we were effectively and utterly silenced. Now, MSNBC would like me to appear for four inconsequential hours to read news that they deem relevant without returning to our team any of the editorial control and authority that makes MHP Show distinctive. She left the window open, however, to MSNBC if they wanted to pull their heads out of their asses, that she may return. She wrote at the end of her letter: While MSNBC may believe that I am worthless, I know better. I know who I am. I know why MHP Show is unique and valuable. I will not sell short myself or this show. I am not hungry for empty airtime. I care only about substantive, meaningful, and autonomous work. When we can do that, I will return not a moment earlier. I am deeply sorry for the ways that this decision makes life harder for all of you. You mean more to me than you can imagine. However, it looks as though MSNBC now wants absolutely nothing to do with her and has cut all ties because Harris-Perry had the audacity to do what she does best, voice her opinion. MSNBC executives have now said: She s a brilliant, intelligent but challenging and unpredictable personality There was no plan to cancel her. But adding: It s highly unlikely she will continue  [because her email] is destructive to our relationship. According to WaPo: This executive disputed Harris-Perry s assertion that MSNBC executives had not communicated with her, although he said Harris-Perry has never met Andrew Lack, the NBC News chairman who was rehired by the network last year after the controversy over Williams. The decision to preempt Harris-Perry s program for election-news coverage over the past several months was made by MSNBC s president, Phil Griffin. All in all, MSNBC is blaming Harris-Perry for her own departure. She wasn t willing to bend over backwards to fulfill a narrative set by a company desperate for ratings, and because she had the courage to stand up against it, she s getting punished for having a voice of her own. It s sad, really. Melissa Harris-Perry was a necessary and powerful progressive voice that often brought up subjects all too many others are afraid to bring up. She will be missed.Featured image: YouTube",0
7800, President Vicente ‘I’m Not Building That F*cking Wall’ Fox Says Trump Is Like Hitler (VIDEO),"During a recent interview on Anderson Cooper 360, Mexico s former president, Vicente Fox, said that Donald Trump  reminds [him] of Hitler. Today, he s going to take that nation back to the old days of conflict, war and everything. I mean, he reminds me of Hitler. That s the way he started speaking,  Fox told CNN s Anderson Cooper. He has offended Mexico, Mexicans, immigrants. He has offended the Pope. He has offended the Chinese. He s offended everybody. You can watch the interview below:Earlier this week, Fox had made national headlines after he told Fusion s Jorge Ramos,  I m not going to pay for that f*cking wall,  while discussing Trump s plan to build a giant border wall between the United States and Mexico. A wall that Trump insists must be paid for by Mexico.You can watch the interview below:In response to Fox s comments, Trump went on Twitter to demand an apology from Fox because he  used the F word.  Here s the tweet:FMR PRES of Mexico, Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 25, 2016Fox isn t the only former president of Mexico who has compared Trump to Hitler this week. The Guardian reports the ex-president Felipe Calderon spoke to reporters and said that Trump is  praising white supremacy . This logic of praising the white supremacy is not just anti-immigration. He is acting and speaking out against immigrants that have a different skin color than he does, it is frankly racist and [he is] exploiting feelings like Hitler did in his time,  Calderon said.The idea that building a border wall between Mexico and the U.S. would do help to curb illegal immigration into the U.S. is pure nonsense. Immigration from Mexico has been on the decline for several years, India and China are number countries of origin for immigrants. Furthermore, 40% of immigrants who are living in the U.S. came here by airplane legally on temporary visas.The idea that Mexico would pay for the mega project, that wouldn t actually achieve anything, is simply delusional.Featured image from video screenshot via YouTube ",0
7801," GOP Ex-Gov Of New Jersey Attacks Christie For Endorsing Trump, Will Vote Blue If He Wins","Donald Trump is causing mass chaos within the Republican Party as infighting over endorsements reaches a fever pitch.On Friday, New Jersey governor and former Republican presidential candidate Chris Christie threw his support behind Donald Trump, in spite of repeatedly attacking him while on the campaign trail.Gov. Christie s endorsement brought New Jersey s former governor Christie Whitman out of the woodwork on Sunday. She blasted Christie s endorsement of Trump, saying if he wins the party s nomination, she will be voting for Hillary Clinton.The former governor told nj.com, I am ashamed that Christie would endorse anyone who has employed the kind of hate mongering and racism that Trump has. I would have thought being from a diverse state would have given him more awareness and compassion. Christie claimed that if Trump wins the nomination, we ll see a lot of republicans back Hillary Clinton instead.Jeb Bush staffers also blasted Christie for endorsing Trump.David Kochel, Bush s chief strategist during his now-defunct campaign for the GOP nomination, blasted Christie on Twitter.Bush s former campaign spokesman posted a whole series of Tweets blasting Christie as well:Image credit: Tim Miller via TwitterTo be fair, Chris Christie isn t the only Republican to endorse Trump.Trump s also earned the endorsement of former Arizona Governor and all around crazy person, Jan Brewer. Not surprisingly, the former governor is most excited about Trump s delusional promise to build a wall along the Mexican border, which he says will keep out all the scary brown people.Maine s governor, Paul LePage, who is currently tied with Michigan Governor Rick Snyder for worst governor in the United States, has also endorsed Donald Trump. Like Christie, LePage publicly denounced Trump last week.Trump also has been endorsed by at least two Republican members of Congress. Rep. Chris Collins of New York praised Trump s understanding of  American exceptionalism,  while Rep. Duncan Hunter of California threw his support behind the candidate only after realizing that absolutely no-one was going to vote for Mike Huckabee.Trump also has earned endorsements from former half-term governor of Alaska, Sarah Palin, and the Daily Stormer, the country s most popular Neo-Nazi website.Meanwhile, South Carolina republican Lindsey Graham blasted everyone who supports Trump, saying that he s run out of adjectives to describe  how bad I think Donald Trump is for the party and for the country. As for Trump, during an interview with Good Morning America, he said that endorsements are  a waste of time. To prove it, as Christie attempted to take the stage at a Trump rally yesterday, apparently to announce his not-so-coveted endorsement, audio captured the GOP frontrunner telling Christie to get back on the plane and go home.Watch the hilarious video here.Image credit: Michael Vadon, via wikemedia commons",0
7802, Ted Cruz Gets OWNED By Fox Host For Whining About Tough Questions (VIDEO),"Ted Cruz just got his ass handed to him by a Fox News host on national television for whining about hard questions.During an appearance on Fox News Sunday, Chris Wallace grilled the Texas Senator over the  dirty tricks  his campaign has perpetrated since the Iowa Primary in apparently desperate attempts to smear candidates and steak votes from them. Your campaign has been involved in a series of incidents that people are calling dirty tricks. In Iowa, the Cruz campaign sent out tweets saying Ben Carson was suspending his campaign. That was false. The campaign put out fliers accusing people of voting violations, that was false. In South Carolina, a Cruz super PAC attacked Trump over the Confederate flag. And your then-communications director posted a link this week accusing Rubio of disrespecting the Bible. That was false. Do you take personal responsibility   this was your campaign except for the super PAC   do you take personal responsibility for this series of incidents? And what does it say about the culture of the campaign you are running? Cruz not only failed to take personal responsibility for his campaign s actions, he called Wallace a liar and accused him of being a Donald Trump pawn. Every accusation you raised there is incorrect,  Cruz replied.  I appreciate your reading the Donald Trump attack file on that. And that did NOT sit well with Wallace at all, and he proceeded to take Cruz to the woodshed for it.WALLACE:  Oh, come on, sir. Wait a minute, sir. You personally apologized to Ben Carson on a debate stage. CRUZ:  Chris, don t interrupt me. WALLACE:  You fired your communications director. CRUZ:  Chris, don t interrupt me. WALLACE:  Don t say this in an oppo file on our part, sir. CRUZ:  Chris, please don t interrupt me. WALLACE:  Please don t accuse me of something I didn t do. CRUZ:  Let me know when I m allowed to answer. WALLACE:  Well, don t accuse me of doing something I didn t do. Two of those things, you apologized for one and you fired your communications director. Don t say this is the oppo file. After his ass-whooping by Wallace, Cruz went on to unbelievably claim that his campaign is running at the  highest level of integrity,  completely unfazed by the facts presented by Wallace to his face.Here s the video via YouTube.This is the perfect example of Ted Cruz saying and doing anything to be president. Rather than explain himself and accept personal responsibility, Cruz flat out lied to Wallace and pretended his campaign has never done anything wrong. And then he complained about the line of questioning and claimed they were part of a Donald Trump-approved attack line.Ted Cruz definitely could have handled this better, but now all he has is egg on his face.Featured image via video screen capture",0
7803, Alabama Republicans Just Proved They Hate Local Democracy And The Working Class (VIDEO),"Republicans in Alabama just proved how scared they are of working class people organizing and demanding fair wages. The working class has been emboldened by the success of the Fight for $15 movement. They have successfully raised the minimum wage in cities and states all across the United States.The city of Birmingham raised their local minimum wage to $10.10 per hour last August. The wage increase was supposed to take place in July. That wage increase, however, will not be happening. That s because last Thursday, Alabama s Republican-controlled state government passed a bill to take away the city s power to raise their own minimum wage. The governor believes the minimum wage should be uniform across every area in Alabama,  spokeswoman Jennifer Ardis told the Associated Press.According to CBS News, Alabama s Senate passed the measure and the governor, Robert Bentley, signed the legislation an hour later. That means that workers in Alabama will still receive the federal minimum wage of $7.25 per hour. Alabama is one of only five states that does not have a minimum wage set higher than the federal minimum wage that employers can pay their workers.Birmingham City Council President Johnathan Austin said: Governor Bentley and the Republican-controlled Alabama Legislature dealt a severe blow to the working-class citizens of this state and in particular, the working poor in the City of Birmingham. Once again the GOP has stood with large corporations and the wealthy while telling the average working Alabamian that they re not important. This is a tactic that Republicans have been using to try and halt the progression of the new worker s rights movement that has risen up to demand fair wages. Alabama now joins sixteen other states who have passed laws that prevent cities from raising their minimum wage.It isn t surprising that Republicans are using this tactic. Initiatives to raise the minimum wage have been extremely effective at the local level of government. Huge cities like Seattle, San Francisco, and Los Angeles have successfully passed laws that raise the minimum wage to $15 per hour.You can watch a report on the story, below. Featured image from Carol M. Highsmith [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons",0
7804," According To Donald Trump,The KKK Might Not Be All Bad (VIDEO)","Republican front runner Donald Trump refused to distance himself from the Ku Klux Klan and former KKK Grand Dragon David Duke, who has endorsed him. Trump s reasoning: he has to do research on them before rejecting their endorsement.[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HfBAKW54FVs]Trump s statement comes as the Anti-Defamation League called on him to reject endorsements from white supremacist groups.  CNN s Jake Tapper asked Trump if he was willing to disavow white supremacist endorsements. Here is part of the interview below. Trump said: I don t know anything about David Duke. I don t know anything about what you are even talking about with white supremacy or white supremacists. So, I don t know. I mean, did he endorse me or what s going on? Because I know nothing about David Duke, I know nothing about white supremacists. And so, you are asking me a question that I m supposed to be talking about people that I know nothing about. But Tapper wouldn t let him off the hook so quickly, and pressed on: Would you just say, unequivocally, you condemn them and you don t want their support? Trump said: Well, I have to look at the group. I mean, I don t know what group you re talking about. You wouldn t want me to condemn a group that I know nothing about. I d have to look. If you would send me a list of the groups, I will do research on them, and certainly I would disavow if I thought that there was something wrong. The Ku Klux Klan,  Tapper interrupted. Trump replied: You may have some groups in there that are totally fine, and it would be very unfair. So, give me a list of groups and I ll let you know. Okay, I m just talking about David Duke and the Ku Klux Klan here,  said Tapper. Honestly, I don t know David Duke,  Trump remarked.  I don t believe I ve ever met him. I m pretty sure I didn t meet him, and I just don t know anything about him. To claim ignorance is Trump s way of dodging the question. Trump knows that the majority of his supporters are racists and as is typical of a politician, you don t want to upset your supporters. Thus, he s remained hush hush on the overwhelming support he s received from racists around the country.Trump has succeeded in normalizing bigotry and hatred for minorities. It s going to be up to each of us, should he become the Republican nominee, to go out and vote against him in the general election. Featured image via screen capture.",0
7805," Fox News Host Trashes GOP Candidates, Says The Debate Was An Embarrassment (VIDEO)","The Republican Party is truly screwed if Fox News is thinking like this.During an appearance on the O Reilly Factor on Friday night, Fox News Sunday host Chris Wallace delivered a scathing analysis of the GOP Debate held on Thursday, calling it an  embarrassment for the Republican Party. Let me just say first of all- big picture- I thought it was an embarrassment for the Republican party. There were a lot of shots taken, a lot of shots scored, but there was precious little vision. Almost no serious discussion of issues, you know, what are are you going to do, how are are you going to improve people s lives? If you saw someone acting presidentially on that stage, you got better eyesight than I do. Here s the video via YouTube:Indeed, the GOP Debate was a complete circus that saw every candidate sniping at each other with ridiculous attacks. Clearly, Trump brought Cruz and Rubio down to his level of gutter politics.Here s a clip demonstrating the debate in a nutshell:// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;#GOPDebate In A NutshellIn case you couldn t watch the laughable mess that was the GOP debate, here s the clip that really showcases what it came down to. Do ANY of them seem presidential? Let us know your thoughts in the comments. Want to make it extra fun? Tag your favorite Republican friend and ask them to explain this.Like Americans Against The Republican Party for more!Posted by Americans Against The Republican Party on Thursday, February 25, 2016It truly was a pathetic display that should horrify the Republican Party and the American people. And Republicans only have themselves to blame because they welcomed crazy extremists into the mainstream of the party years ago when they sold out to the Tea Party in 2010. Now it s coming back to bit them in the ass so hard that not even Fox News can spin them out of it.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
7806," DNC Vice Chair RESIGNS, Declares Support For Bernie Sanders (VIDEO)","On Sunday, Tulsi Gabbard appeared on Meet The Press to announce that she is resigning her position with the Democratic National Committee (DNC) in order to support presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders on the campaign trail.Rep. Gabbard, the first American Samoan, and the first Hindu to be elected to Congress, is also a veteran of the Iraq war.During her appearance on the Meet The Press, Rep. Gabbard explained her decision to resign from the DNC. As a veteran, as a soldier, I ve seen firsthand the true cost of war.   As we look at our choices as to who our next Commander-in-chief will be is to recognize the necessity to have a Commander-in-chief who has foresight. Who exercises good judgment. Who looks beyond the consequences   who looks at the consequences of the actions that they are willing to take before they take those actions. So that we don t continue to find ourselves in these failures that have resulted in chaos in the Middle East and so much loss of life, Watch the video below, courtesy of Meet The Press on Twitter. EXCLUSIVE on #MTP: @TulsiGabbard resigned from position as DNC Vice Chair to support @BernieSanders. pic.twitter.com/cvRE4SITy2  Meet the Press (@meetthepress) February 28, 2016Rep. Gabbard, who called for additional debates between the two democratic candidates back in October, appears to have concerns about the inner workings of the DNC.During a telephone interview with the New York Times, Rep. Gabbard said, When I first came to Washington, one of the things that I was disappointed about was there s a lot of immaturity and petty gamesmanship that goes on, and it kind of reminds me of how high school teenagers act. She went on to say, It s very dangerous when we have people in positions of leadership who use their power to try to quiet those who disagree with them. When I signed up to be vice chair of the D.N.C., no one told me I would be relinquishing my freedom of speech and checking it at the door. Last month, Sanders was endorsed by former head of the DNC, Mark Kirk.Image credit video screen capture from Meet The Press on Twitter",0
7807," Gawker Fools Trump Into Quoting Genocidal Maniac, Chuck Todd DESTROYS Him (IMAGES/VIDEO)","Most sensible people have by now called Donald Trump out for being the fascist that he is. However, there are some who still doubt that fact. Well, thanks to Gawker, we can wonder no more. Gawker senior writer Ashley Feinberg set up the ultimate test for Trump on his favorite social media platform: Twitter. We ve all watched Trump lash out and anyone and everyone who dares to challenge him in any number of crazy, narcissistic, and downright scary rants, so using Twitter to trick Trump into showing his true colors was absolutely brilliant.Feinberg created a Twitter account, @ilduce2016, which used bots to tweet out quotes from none other than famed fascist dictator Benito Mussolini. This was created last year, and the tweets would @reply Donald Trump, and credit him with Mussolini s dangerous words and ideas. Well, on Sunday, the chickens came home to roost on this one, because Trump finally bit the bait and retweeted the account. Here is Trump s tweet:""@ilduce2016:  It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep.    @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 28, 2016And here is proof of the project, courtesy of Gawker:Even Meet The Press host Chuck Todd had to zero in on Trump s retweeting this dangerous dictator, as well as other blatantly racist positions he is taking:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhxNSodUb1oThis is nothing short of absolute gold. Gawker s original article on the subject notes that there was some reservation about doing this at all   after all, if you know anything about history, you know that such an account would be a painfully obvious troll account to the average person. However, Trump is a moron in so many ways, and this is no exception. He is too busy being wrapped up in his own  greatness  to realized when he is being so epically trolled. Then again, it really is no surprised, considering the absurdities that Trump tweets, and, even worse, the types of accounts he often retweets   most notably, those run by white supremacists.As funny as this troll job by Gawker is, though, we should also be very afraid. This man is leading by a wide margin to take the presidential nomination of a major American political party. If that doesn t scare you, nothing will.Well done, Gawker. You really outdid yourselves with this one.Featured image via video screen capture",0
7808," Former Campaign Finance Co-Chair BLASTS Christie For Trump Endorsement, Pulls Support","On Friday, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie shocked everyone and became a Donald Trump fanboy. In an endorsement speech a day after the 600th Republican debate, he claimed that he believed the billionaire is the only GOP candidate who could beat the Democratic frontrunner, Hillary Clinton, in the general election. However, the former National Finance Co-Chair for Christie s campaign isn t buying it, and has now pulled her support for the governor.Hewlett-Packard CEO Meg Whitman released a statement slamming Christie for his  political opportunism : Chris Christie s endorsement of Donald Trump is an astonishing display of political opportunism. Donald Trump is unfit to be President. He is a dishonest demagogue who plays to our worst fears. Trump would take America on a dangerous journey. Christie knows all that and indicated as much many times publicly. The Governor is mistaken if he believes he can now count on my support, and I call on Christie s donors and supporters to reject the Governor and Donald Trump outright. I believe they will. For some of us, principle and country still matter. The move to endorse Trump was absolutely Christie s attempt to share the candidate s limelight. And even though the real estate mogul pretended to be really  honered that the NJ governor endorsed him, they way he spoke to Christie after his endorsement proves otherwise.It s also true that Christie has said that Trump is not fit to be President of the United States on more than one occasion. For instance on August 13, he told Fox News: Donald is a great guy and a good person, but I don t think he is suited to be president of the United States. I don t think his temperament is suited for that and I don t think his experience is. When Trump s celebrating 9/11 Muslim lie was all over the news, Christie called Trump a liar and said, But the facts are the facts, and that did not happen in New Jersey that day, and it hasn t happened since. Do those statements sound like things a supporter would say?Of course they don t, but then again, Chris Christie has always been a liar. Featured image via video screenshot",0
7809, BUSTED: Marco Rubio And His Family Lied About Escaping Castro In the 50s — It Never Happened,"Marco Rubio s staff had to exit the building they were working in when the senator began smoking from the trouser region. Alarms and sprinklers were set off, leading to an investigation the fire chief was able to dismiss as self-inflicted  liar, liar pants on fire. The incident happened when Rubio, who tells a wonderful story about how his parents came to the United States to escape the Castro regime, meaning they would have come in 1959. Unfortunately, records have proven, and Rubio has himself admitted, that the actual date his parents migrated to Miami was 1956, when Castro was still living and plotting from Mexico.So why the discrepancy? Rubio says he was passing along the family s  oral history.  Yes, oral history. That s when you don t like your family s actual history so you make something up. My family, for example, landed in New Hampshire, but since nobody cares about anything in the 1620s but Plymouth, I am now a direct descendent of the Mayflower according to oral history. That was easy.Rubio s ridiculous answer fits in with the motif of the Republican party of derp. If something doesn t make sense, ignore it until it just goes away. Rubio comes along with his  I appeal to Latinos  mentality, some of which is a direct result of the lies he told. How much will those same Latinos respect his  plight  when they learn Rubio s parents came here voluntarily, not on a raft as refugees escaping life in prison or worse. They entered the country and asked to start working and were shown a path to citizenship.There is, of course, nothing wrong with that story. It s a similar story to almost every family if you go back to their first generation. For some reason, Marco Rubio and his family needed to add things that never happened to their lives for effect. Featured image from Gage Skidmore",0
7810, Florida School Overreacts To Prank By Pressing Felony Charges,"Three 12-year-old girls have been charged with first-degree felonies in the latest example of America s insane rush to criminalize children:Three seventh-graders at Deltona Middle School are facing criminal charges after allegedly putting crushed red pepper flakes in their teacher s can of Mountain Dew, a Volusia County sheriff s spokesman said.The three 12-year-old girls were arrested are being held at the Volusia Regional Juvenile Detention Center.Two face charges of poisoning food or water and tampering with consumer products. The third faces charges of tampering with consumer products and being a principal to poisoning food or water.I m not defending the actions of these three students but let s get a little perspective here: It was red pepper. You know, the stuff you put on your pizza to give it a little (emphasis on  little ) zing? Two weeks of detention, a week of suspension, one month of community service or even the drastic step of expulsion would have been a more reasonable course of action. Instead, they got this not-at-all-extreme response:One Florida law the girls are facing charges under makes it illegal to add  poison, bacterium, radioactive material, virus, or chemical compound  to food or drinks, intending to kill or injure another person. It is a first-degree felony. The students also face a first-degree felony charge under Florida s Anti-Tampering Act,which prohibits changing consumer products  with reckless disregard  for another person s health and safety.Again, we re talking about RED PEPPER which, last I looked, was not capable of killing or injuring a person unless ingested by the pound (and maybe not even then).This growing trend of criminalizing children for behaving like children stems from our  War on Everything  mentality. We used to look at problem children and think  How can I help this kid grow into a productive adult?  Now, we look at these same kids and think,  Putting them in prison will be better for society.  That s not just cruel, it s certifiably insane. But we re still doing it. We ve flooded our schools with cops and cameras and metal detectors and random locker searches   all in the name of  safety. At best, we re conditioning children to accept a police state in which those in authority can violate their civil rights without consequence. At worst, we re conditioning them to think of themselves as criminals. This is especially true of the minority students that bear the brunt of  zero tolerance  policies and are the primary  beneficiaries  of the School-to-Prison pipeline. Funny how that worked out, right?How s that old saying go?  Get em while they re young and you ll have a customer for life?  It s nauseating that we ve applied that to mass incarceration. Murika.Featured image via google plus ",0
7811, Racist David Barton: Why Aren’t Blacks Thanking Us For Freeing Them? (VIDEO),"America has a very ugly history with regards to slavery and racism, and that disgusting legacy continues today. Racist white people want to gloss over all of that, though, and pretend that there s no racism, that it s all over, and they also want to tell a white-washed version of history. Case in point   David Barton.Barton appeared on a recent edition of Glenn Beck s program, and made the appallingly racist statement that white people don t get enough credit for the things they have done for black people. He told Beck: I love the fact that in these early paintings you have, there s black and white together. But, my gosh, why not teach the good. As if that weren t bad enough he went on to say: So much of the credit that blacks owed was for whites having gone to bat and doing things for them. That blacks were not able to free themselves, whites did. Barton then insists that it is inaccurate portrayals of history that have  blacks against whites  now, and kept repeating so-called examples of how black people should be grateful to white folks.Mr. Barton, did you happen to forget that white people owned black people, that they actually owned other human beings, all because of the color of their skin? It s ignorant, offensive statements like this that cause division. You might not like history, how ugly it is, but that doesn t make it any less true. Also, if true history is not taught, we are doomed to repeat it. Get an education, Mr. Barton. You definitely need it.Watch this appallingly racist exchange below:Featured image via screen capture from Right Wing Watch",0
7812, Comedy Icon Dick Van Dyke’s First Endorsement Of A Presidential Candidate In 50 Years Is In (VIDEO),"Dick Van Dyke is 90 years old. The man was born into the Great Depression. He s seen countless wars, invasions and  police actions.  He s seen the rise and fall of empires and regime changes so unprecedented they changed the course of history. Van Dyke was the age many of us were on 9/11 when the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor.Too thin to serve as a pilot at a time when pilots weren t coming home often enough, Van Dyke still managed to serve as an entertainer for the armed services on active duty during wartime. To say That Dick Van Dyke has forgotten more than most of us have learned would have to be an understatement.He s the kind of man who has influence on America s older generation, as many now retired grew up with Van Dyke as an older sibling and even parental figure to many. He is a well-known Democrat and champion of liberal causes, so while it came as a little bit of a surprise since he hasn t openly endorsed a candidate in half a century, his choice was clear: Bernie Sanders.Van Dyke uploaded this video to YouTube, warning of things to come:It s a startling 30 seconds. Sanders has obviously resonated with Dick Van Dyke. For him to offer such staunch support is a wonderful asset for the Sanders campaign and should make things on the Democratic ticket all the more interesting. After Hillary Clinton s impressive win in South Carolina, Sanders may need an infusion of non-typical supporters. Retirees would definitely qualify.As for Van Dyke s warnings, he is right. Fortunately we have two qualified candidates, either of whom will be able to take down the freight train of lies that is the Donald Trump campaign, which is looking more and more like a frightening reality  all the time. It was a joke. It wasn t supposed to be like this.Oh well. At least our race is interesting. Our candidates have a lot to talk about. It s nothing like the fear-mongering shout fest over who will kill terrorists better and take away the most from poor people the GOP race is.Featured image from Twitter ",0
7813," Bette Midler SLAMS Trump, Rubio, And Terrible Grammar In One Magnificent Tweet (SCREENSHOTS)","Once again, Bette Midler has outdone herself in her lambasting of the insane Right Wing. From conservatives  embrace of firearms admid a gun violence epidemic, to Donald Trump s strange ability to bring out the worst in the absolute worst people, to a number of hilarious and brutal jabs aimed at Fox News, Benghazi truthers, Mitch McConnell, Ted Cruz, and other right-wing icons, whenever the need is there, she is ready to blast the hell out of whatever is the current wrong in society.Recently, Donald Trump has been embarrassing himself on a regular basis. The billionaire s campaign staff recently misspelled Oklahoma while announcing a campaign stop in the state (and Oklahoma City when they corrected it). Trump himself managed   in a single night   to misspell  honor ,  choker , and  lightweight. His staffers even failed to spell Sarah Palin s name correctly on their website when listing her as someone who has endorsed the 2016 hopeful.Rubio tried   and failed miserably   to capitalize on these flubs, telling a crowd that Trump is  learning how to spell,  ending with what, to him, probably seemed like an epic one-liner: Donald Trump likes to sue people; he should sue whoever did that to his face. After Rubio s pathetic attempt to bring down the hammer, The Divine Miss M couldn t resist having a bit of fun with the situation.  Rubio attacks Trump for his incoherent, poorly-spelled tweets,  she tweeted Saturday night.  What a showdown: the grammar Fascist versus the ACTUAL uh . Once again, a brilliant observation by Midler   and another humiliating blow struck to the Stupid Part of America. This observation is, of course, accurate. Trump has endorsed some fairly horrific ideas   like Muslim concentration camps and nation database registries, bans on Muslims entering the country, a f*cking wall to keep brown people out, and other horrific policies adored by Adolf Hitler. And Rubio   well, he s Rubio.Featured image via screengrab",0
7814, Hillary Completely SMASHES Donald Trump’s Bullsh*t Slogan During SC Victory Speech (VIDEO),"Not holding back one bit after her absolute victory in South Carolina over Senator Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton focused on the end goal and what is best for the United States of America as a whole. She knows that in order to really bring the change that is needed to progress the nation forward, we don t need to  make America great again,  because it s already pretty damn fantastic. Rather, we need to focus on coming together and tear down the barriers that have been holding so many citizens back for so long.Hillary went after Donald Trump s ridiculous slogan head-on, and simply told it like it is: Despite what you hear, we don t need to  make America great again.  America has never stopped being great. But, we do need to make America whole again. Instead of building walls, we need to be tearing down barriers. We need to show by everything that we do that we are in this together. While Trump is focused on dividing us and relying on racism at the polls, Hillary is focused on bringing us together and pushing as forward. Her speech not only demolished Trump s outright stupid slogan, but relayed the much-needed message that we re all in this together. // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ <span class=""mceItemHidden"" data-mce-bogus=""1""><span></span>&lt;span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;(function(d, s, id) {  var js, <span class=""mceItemHidden"" data-mce-bogus=""1""><span class=""hiddenSpellError"" pre="""" data-mce-bogus=""1"">fjs</span></span> = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&amp;version=v2.3"";  <span class=""hiddenSpellError"" pre="""" data-mce-bogus=""1"">fjs</span>.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', '<span class=""hiddenSpellError"" pre="""" data-mce-bogus=""1"">facebook-jssdk</span>')); // ]]&gt;Hillary Clinton SC victory speech Despite what you hear, we don t need to make America great again, America has never stopped being great. Hillary Clinton takes a jab at Donald J. Trump in her South Carolina Democratic primary victory speech. cnn.it/SCPrimaryPosted by CNN on Saturday, February 27, 2016Featured image: screen grab",0
7815, A Potential Nuclear Disaster Is Looming In NY State And NOBODY In The News Is Talking About It,"There is a ticking time bomb sitting in New York State that practically everyone in the corporate media is conveniently ignoring   right up until the day it finally turns into a catastrophe and then we will all be standing aghast asking  How did this happen?! Indian Point, a nuclear power plant that sits on the Hudson River, is experiencing a serious leak of radioactive material into the surrounding groundwater. Contamination levels have increased by 80 percent compared to previous samples taken, which is causing many experts to cite this as a disaster that is waiting to happen.Calls have been made for the plant to be shut down completely to avert an environmental cataclysm and public health hazard, due to the fact that the plant sits just 23 miles north of New York City and could also turn a major American river into radioactive soup.via inhabitat.comThe plant is leaking tritium, which is a radioactive form of hydrogen. Three of the 40 wells at the Indian Point plant showed an increase in radioactive material, as well as one well, in particular, showing a 65,000 percent increase. Not surprisingly, Entergy   the company that owns the plant, is claiming this is all totally safe and it will not harm local inhabitants  because the groundwater is located on their property.  I m no expert on groundwater, but I feel like Entergy doesn t understand how groundwater works. It doesn t respect property lines and will not necessarily stay  in its own yard,  as it were. Seriously, what are they getting at with this statement?John Kelly, former director of licensing for Indian Point, says that this is  more of a regulatory problem than environmental problem.  What exactly does this mean? How can you have a  regulatory  problem, without having an obvious environmental one to necessitate a new regulation being created? The only assertion you can draw from this statement is that Entergy knows their plant is a crisis waiting to happen, but there isn t a law to force them to fix it   so they simply do not care what happens.Governor Andrew Cuomo doesn t appear to be accepting the assertion that there is  nothing to see here,  and is pressing state officials to fully investigate Indian Point and employ  all available measures, including working with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to determine the extent of the release, its likely duration, cause, and potential impacts to the environment and public health. To say this could be monumental in scope is an understatement. Not only is New York City in the range of a potential disaster, but as the map above shows Connecticut and New Jersey are in range as well. The plant is directly in the center of one of the largest population concentrations in America where vital infrastructure hubs are located. If this would all suddenly get bad, there s no way to even estimate the full extent of the consequences.Featured image via riverkeeper",0
7816, Hot Mic Captures Humiliating Moment Trump Tells Christie To Leave Stage (VIDEO),"Thankfully, Chris Christie proved he was beyond shame when he endorsed Donald Trump for president, but this moment had to sting a little bit.In a humiliating moment for the one-time Republican presidential candidate, a hot mic captured the way Donald Trump treats his new lap dog   and it isn t pretty.At a rally, Christie seemed to think he would share the stage with Trump during Trump s portion of the event, but apparently the idea of sharing a spotlight with a former rival wasn t something Trump was about to let happen. Shaking Christie s hand, Trump leans in and whispers,  Get on the plane and go home. It s over there. Go home.  Christie at first continues waving, then simply says  Okay  and walks towards the exit.Here s the video:Whether Trump was trying to be nice by sparing Christie yet another stump speech is not clear, but what is clear is that Trump would much prefer it if his  friends  avoided trying to take too much of the attention away from him.It s probably a tough pill to swallow, but Christie must surely realize by now that by endorsing Trump, he doesn t get to share in the Republican front-runners spotlight. Viciously jealous, astoundingly egotistical, Trump has always been a one-man operation. He will share his fame with no one.Christie, of course, knows all of this. Months ago he was loudly suggesting that Trump was not presidential material. And just 19 days before saying this There is no one who is better prepared to provide America with the strong leadership that it needs both at home and around the world than Donald Trump,  Christie said,  he is looking at the five people on that stage last night the clear standout and the person who will do exactly what needs to be done to make America a leader around the world again. Christie was saying this Bravado, by itself, is not a plan,  he said,  I like him, he s a good person, he s just not the right person to be President of the United States and not the person that we d want representing our country. Now that Christie needs to take orders from Trump, mockery was quick on social media.Trump to Christie. https://t.co/MWgqPSr2sF  deray mckesson (@deray) February 28, 2016Too good. https://t.co/dtSXNDji3l  Michael Moore (@MMFlint) February 28, 2016And now Trump appears to tell Christie to go home https://t.co/ePO3KdfAia  Zeke Miller (@ZekeJMiller) February 27, 2016Christie's face when Trump tells him to go home .Crestfallen. https://t.co/3GTvTwaqqY  Peter Hasson (@peterjhasson) February 28, 2016Will Christie be relieved to go back home to New Jersey? It doesn t seem likely. Having been on the road for the last few months, Christie has gotten the luxury of forgetting the mess that he left behind in the state he is supposed to be governing. But now it appears he doesn t have much choice. Get on the plane and go home, Christie.Featured image via ABC News screengrab",0
7817, Republican Governor Scott Walker Makes Poverty Hit Highest Level In 30 Years,"On February 26, 2016, the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, published an article entitled  Poverty Across Wisconsin Reaches Highest Level In 30 Years.  The poverty trends were compiled from U.S. Census data by University of Wisconsin-Madison researchers. Between 2009 and 2014, 13 percent of Wisconsin residents were living in poverty, the highest percentage since 1984. Scott Walker took office as Governor of Wisconsin on January 3, 2011.The researchers also analyzed a study by the Economic Innovation Group which found Milwaukee, the largest city in Wisconsin, is the seventh most economically distressed city in America, with 52 percent of the population under economic distress.The researchers also discovered poverty went up in both urban and rural areas of Wisconsin, and every educational background.According to the analysis,  for those with a high school education, poverty rose from 8.9 percent to 11 percent. It also rose from 6.6 percent to 8.9 percent among those who had attended  some college, and poverty also touched those with bachelor s degrees or more, rising from 3 percent to 3.6 percent. Child poverty also dramatically increased, as did the poverty gap between African-Americans and whites while the gap remained flat in most areas of the country during the same time period. The researchers cited the causes for increases in poverty as the broadening gap in wealth and income inequality, in which the highest income earners experience increases in wealth and income as wages for the working and middle classes remain virtually stagnant.The administration of Scott Walker certainly hasn t helped the residents of Wisconsin. Instead of creating jobs and improving wages for workers, Walker has led battles against workers rights, while providing tax breaks to the rich. Massive layoffs in the state have become a regular occurrence. Walker s,  Act 10  revoked collective bargaining rights for public employees to unionize, and cut their wages by ten percent. Walker has also signed several anti-union bills into law and increased subsidies for corporations while the state s minimum wage remains at the federal minimum of $7.25. The only people who have thrived in Wisconsin since Scott Walker assumed office is himself and the special interests who support him like the Koch Brothers. Featured image via Wikimedia Commons",0
7818, Hillary Clinton Wins Big In SC Democratic Primary,"As the polls close in the all-important South Carolina Democratic primary, Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton comes away with a very big win. Unlike what happened in Iowa and Nevada, the voters spoke very clearly here: Clinton is their leading lady.Clinton s win is widely seen as a result of 80 percent support from Black voters, who have a long and sustained relationship with the Clintons. The same people who favored Barack Obama over Hillary Clinton in 2008 are now voting Clinton. This is a crucial demographic for the candidate wishing to take the party s nomination, and it seems that Clinton has it locked up.Hillary excitedly took to twitter to thank her volunteers, supporters, and voters:To South Carolina, to the volunteers at the heart of our campaign, to the supporters who power it: thank you. -H pic.twitter.com/JFTUZ2yBxf  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) February 28, 2016This win is very important, as a candidate s performance in South Carolina is generally a good indicator of performance in the general election. It s a bit of a make or break state, and Clinton s performance there today showed that she is most definitely up to the task.The next big hurdle is this coming Tuesday, the event known as Super Tuesday, in which 11 states hold caucuses that will definitely help decide the nominee going into the general election.Great job today, Madame Secretary!Featured image via Hillary Clinton Twitter",0
7819, Right Wing Fear Profiteers Warn Of Coming ‘Civil War’ Over Scalia’s ‘Murder’,"Honestly, while Republicans may be quaking in their boots over the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, right wing con artists must be squealing in glee. The sudden death of Scalia is a veritable gold mine of fear and anger that the conservative entertainment complex can mine for years to come. Despite there being absolutely nothing suspicious about a 79 year old overweight man that smoked and drank dying of a heart attack, the right is building a delightful cottage industry of  Scalia conspiracies  and warning of the all the horrors to come because he died:On his most recent  Prophetic Perspective on Current Events broadcast, right-wing televangelist Rick Joyner declared that  something smells like a rat  in the recent death of Justice Antonin Scalia and warned that America could descend into civil war over efforts to replace him on the Supreme Court.Joyner said that  you can t help but think  that something suspicious is going on regarding Scalia s death since no autopsy was performed. They rushed him in there and started the embalming process like they didn t want an autopsy,  he said.  I m not saying that he was murdered, but you can t help but wonder. Joyner went on to say that just as the Supreme Court s Dred Scott decision eventually plunged this nation into the Civil War, the court s recent marriage equality decision is likewise tearing this nation apart and could soon result in a violent conflict.Of course, the Lawd JAYSUZ Christ will save you from the coming civil war and collapse of civilization but ONLY if you donate $49.99 a month to HIS servants on Earth to prove how much you love JAYZUS!Hundreds of other sleazy fear profiteers are following suit and whipping the right wing into a frenzy of paranoia that the liberals have begun their War on  Murika and may be coming to get YOU any time now! But not if you buy this doomsday prepper set for 5 easy installments of $99.99!But all of their disgusting exploitation of the stupid and gullible, the right does have a point about the impending violence. Even if Obama is forced to appoint a moderate conservative to the Court, that tilts it sharply away from the far right. Even worse, all signs point to a Democratic president and Congress in 2017 and Anthony Kennedy will be 80 years old next year. With a 5-4 left-leaning Court, everything the right has built in the last 30 years with the help of massive judicial activism will fall apart.With scumbags like Rick Joyner happily egging them to make a quick buck, there is literally zero chance we will not see an increase in domestic terrorism as the conservative base loses their  freedom  to oppress everyone else. Murika.Featured image via Motherjones",0
7820, Obama Continues To Win As Watchdogs Confirm Iran Is Complying With Treaty,"The United Nations reports that Iran is in full compliance with the treaty brokered by the Obama administration, much to the chagrin of Republican warhawks. Iran s failure to break the treaty is also an unwelcome reality to the corporate media which had been agitating for a new war to boost ratings.Tough luck, fellas:The International Atomic Energy Agency s first assessment since the accord came into force on January 16 showed that Iran was meeting its main commitments.As agreed, Iran  has not pursued the construction of the existing Arak heavy water research reactor  and has  not enriched uranium  above low levels, the IAEA report said.Iran s stockpile of low-enriched uranium, material which can be used for peaceful purposes but when further processed for a nuclear weapon, has not risen about the agreed level of 300 kilos (660 pounds).I know peace can be boring, what with the lack of explosions and flag draped coffins, but that s no reason that this should not be a large national story. Just one year ago, it looked like there was just NO WAY to avoid going to war with Iran. The Republicans said so. The corporate media said so. Conventional wisdom was that war was the ONLY way to dismantle Iran s nuclear weapons program that was only WEEKS AWAY from developing a bomb!Just as a quick note about Iran s  nuclear weapons program : It doesn t exist. It didn t even exist before the treaty. It hasn t existed for decades. All of our intelligence agencies as well as Israel s intelligence agencies (which are quite good) said, unequivocally, that Iran didn t even have a process in place to even discuss developing a nuclear weapons program. That s how far it was from their minds.But you wouldn t have known that listening to the Republicans and the  liberal  media, both of whom were salivating for a new war. According to them, we had to invade before it was too late!So Obama did what grownups do: He used diplomacy and got the exact same results without firing a single shot. Oh, and he undermined the power of OPEC and Russia by allowing Iran s oil to flood back into the market, lowering the price of oil. Which, as a predictable byproduct, also helps our green energy sector continue to flourish which lessens the impact of climate change.But none of that makes for an exciting story so don t expect to hear too much about it on the evening news.Featured image via AI archives",0
7821, Trump Can’t Even Spell Sarah Palin’s Name Correctly On His Website (IMAGE),"Things just keep going from bad to worse in regards to everything coming out of the Donald Trump campaign. If he s not being a racist blowhard or blaming the media for himself being a douchebag, then he s throwing insults around like a schoolyard bully who doesn t have any friends.Now, on top of the many, MANY misspelled tweets coming from the Trump campaign, misspellings so bad even the Merriam-Webster dictionary felt compelled to call him out on them, he now can t even spell the name of one of his key endorsements properly on his website.As we all know by now, Donald Trump embraced Sarah Palin s bombastic personality full-on. Likely because the pair goes together like peas and carrots. Neither have the experience to run for any sort of public office, but both feel just because they are loud and inappropriate that should be enough to get bigots to the polls to vote. However, as much as Trump seems to love having Palin s endorsement, he and his staff couldn t take the time to spell her name correctly:via donaldjtrump.com As we all know, Palin spells her name  Sarah  not  Sara    and you d think if Trump respected Palin as much as he says he does, he would ve at least taken the time to spell her name properly.Is this a big deal? No, but considering this just continues to fit the pattern of Trump s inability to spell, it makes you wonder if he s even capable of tying his own shoes, let alone run the nation.Featured image: YouTube",0
7822, Fox News Managed To F*ck Themselves Out Of Half Their Audience In A Single Month,"Donald Trump s primary goal in life seems to be to sh*t on everything. This is something the brain-dead gaggle of right-wing propaganda pushers at Fox News have learned the hard way since the year began. For years, the network as struggled with sagging ratings as Republicans who are, when compared to the uneducated masses who make up the network s core audience, have abandoned Fox   in spirit, if not physically.Unfortunately, the same people who have traditionally eagerly slurped up Megyn Kelly s claims that pepper spray is a food product, Jesus and Santa are real (and white), and the rest of the nonsensical babble that regularly fills the schedule of what can loosely be called a news organization, have developed a rather negative opinion of the network.. Unfortunately, Fox has managed to condition its viewers to believe quite literally anything so well that they have hopped aboard the Trump Train to Stupidville   and that train has left the station without Fox.YouGov reports that, while Fox has been struggling to keep viewers for years, the network lost half of its audience in a single month. No, they didn t stop watching   after all, is there a news network that displays unabashed, willful stupidity with the degree of expertise Fox does?   but they hate it. Besides, Fox still has the  muted television in a doctor s office  and  sleeping grandmother  demographics locked. Since the first GOP presidential debate last August, Fox News Channel seems to have lost its perception mojo with its core right-leaning audience,  YouGov s Ted Marzilli notes, adding that things only got worse in January.August, of course, was when Trump s war with Fox News  Megyn Kelly began   a battle that amped up through the year and was rekindled just before the final GOP debate leading up to the Iowa Caucuses. And, of course, this was when YouGov noticed the sharpest drop in Fox News viewership. Between January 18 and February 12, Fox s  Buzz Score    the way YouGov rates network popularity   among Republicans dropped from 36 to 14.via YouGovTo put it in perspective, Fox s Buzz Score among Republicans was 49 on January 1, 2013.In terms of the general 18+ crowd, Fox isn t doing much better: The picture hasn t been rosy in terms of the general population either: since last May, Fox News Channel s perception levels with adults 18+ have uncharacteristically been drawing significantly more negative feedback than positive. At this point, both FNC and CNN are scoring at similar perception levels and they are both negative.To measure perception of the two networks, YouGov BrandIndex used its Buzz score, which asks respondents:  If you ve heard anything about the brand in the last two weeks, through advertising, news or word of mouth, was it positive or negative?  A score can range from 100 to -100 with a zero score equaling a neutral position. via YouGovNaturally, as Fox has been attacking the absolute worst person the Right has to offer fairly regularly, the Stupid Part of America has tuned out, declaring FNC to be too  liberal  for their tastes.Is fox still the highest-rated news network? Absolutely   but not for long, if it keeps infuriating its base by attacking the KKK s choice for President. This, of course, places the dummies at Fox in quite a predicament. Going forward, do they support Republicans who don t openly call for putting groups of Americans in concentration camps, or do they begin trumpeting support for Trump?Featured image via screengrab",0
7823," Watch Rubio Try REALLY Hard To Comeback At Trump, Then Fail Miserably (VIDEO)","In the spirit of remaining at a middle school maturity level, Marco Rubio bit back at Donald Trump insulting him by, well, trying to insult him right back. However, his attempt at doing this was pretty damn pathetic.Rubio, while speaking at a campaign event in Kennesaw, Georgia, asked the crowd,  You guys want to have a little fun today?! Rubio then pulls out his phone and begins to go after Trump. He said: Last night he was actually pretty calm after I punched him around a little bit. Sure, if that s what you want to call that dismal debate performance, but please, go on: He s learning how to spell, I guess. But he s flying around on Hair Force One and tweeting. So here s the one tweet he put out, he put out a picture of me having makeup put on me at the debate. Which is amazing me to me, that the guy with the worst spray tan in America is attacking me for putting on makeup. Okay, here it comes, the line we ve all been waiting for. The best comeback in the history of comebacks: Donald Trump likes to sue people; he should sue whoever did that to his face. OR not..@marcorubio slams @realDonaldTrump:  He s flying around on Hair Force One and tweeting  https://t.co/6OZtrfIwim https://t.co/dDo3Q0EA5B  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) February 27, 2016This comeback is VERY reminiscent of that Seinfeld episode when George was trying to come up with a comeback to someone saying to him,  the ocean called, and they re running out of shrimp.  George s comeback was,  Well, the jerk store called, they re running out of you.    It just doesn t quite work, and neither does the comeback by Rubio. I mean, he tried, really hard, and it might even work since the average Republican has the maturity level of a 12-year-old, but no, Rubio should really try harder. OR be an adult and ignore Trump s juvenile attacks. One thing is for sure, as scary as the Republican race is, it sure is entertaining.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oApBlWipc2AFeatured image: Twitter",0
7824, Biden In Mexico: ‘I Almost Feel Obliged To Apologize’ For Trump’s Hate Speech (VIDEO),"On Thursday during a visit to Mexico City, Mexico, Vice President Joe Biden apologized to the citizens of our neighbor to the South for the hateful rhetoric they have been hearing from our nation s Republicans   especially the hate speech coming from Donald Trump s campaign: There has been a lot of damaging and incredibly inaccurate rhetoric and I would argue, I almost feel obliged to apologize for some of what my political colleagues said. It is about Mexico, it is about Mexican people.Biden explained to President Enrique Pe a Nieto that  it s a heated campaign season,  and that Republicans are willing to say pretty much anything to be declared King or Queen of Stupid Mountain as they vie for the GOP nomination. The words of Trump or any of his colleagues, the Vice President said, is the antithesis of how most Americans feel: It s a heated campaign season and I just want you to know, Mr. President, that the most heated rhetoric you ve heard from competitors for the nomination for president is not who we are as the American people. It is not the view that is the view of the majority of the American people. It s the exact opposite. It s the opposite view. The GOP s rhetoric toward Hispanics has been rather hateful, but Donald Trump has attracted the most scrutiny with his assertion that the Mexican Government sends people to the United States   people who, according to the billionaire bankruptcy expert, are all rapists, drug dealers, and murderers. In fact, he plans to build a wall and force Mexico to pay for it, because Trump is apparently too stupid to realize that tunnels are a thing.Trump s hate is so pervasive that two former Mexican Presidents have recently spoken up in opposition to the horrible rhetoric spouted at any of his rallies. In early February, Felipe Calderon informed Trump that it is extremely unlikely that his country would build his signature campaign promise: We are not going to pay any single cent for such a stupid wall! And it s going to be completely useless. No offense, no offense to America. So Donald Trump   is ambitious but not exactly very well-informed man, I don t want to say ignorant, but he is not very well informed. Later in the month, former President Vicente Fox was a bit more blunt: I declare. I m not gonna pay for that f*cking wall! Trump s anti-Hispanic hate speech has even inspired violence against a completely  legal  homeless man. In August, two men  inspired  by Donald declared that the billionaire was  right  before beating the helpless and unarmed man with a metal pipe and urinating on him. Rather than condemn the attack, Trump called the men  passionate  individuals who want to  make America great again. It is impressive that Biden would take it upon himself to apologize   but those who truly bear the shame are our frenemies on the Right. Unfortunately, they will never apologize because they are incapable of feeling shame.Watch Biden apologize below: Featured image via screengrab",0
7825, Panicking Mitch McConnell Says GOP Will Help Hillary Beat Trump If He Wins The Nomination,"In the most surreal moment in modern American politics, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told panicking Republicans that the GOP would actively destroy Donald Trump s election chances if it came to that. That rush of warm air you feel on your face? It s the wave of radiation from the Republican Party s nuclear meltdown. We re witnessing the death of a major political party.Things are getting truly desperate in conservative camps and the grim acceptance that this isn t a bad dream and that Trump is almost surely going to win the nomination has begun to set in. It s led to an odd plan. In a stunning report by the New York Times, Republican sources confirm that party leadership is planning to destroy Trump and give Hillary Clinton the win rather than let him have control of the GOP.To rally depressed Republicans, McConnell has hatched an unthinkable tactical retreat: Let Hillary Clinton win and focus on maintaining control over the Senate.While still hopeful that Mr. Rubio might prevail, Mr. McConnell has begun preparing senators for the prospect of a Trump nomination, assuring them that, if it threatened to harm them in the general election, they could run negative ads about Mr. Trump to create space between him and Republican senators seeking re-election. Mr. McConnell has raised the possibility of treating Mr. Trump s loss as a given and describing a Republican Senate to voters as a necessary check on a President Hillary Clinton, according to senators at the lunches.Did you catch that? Mitch McConnell floated the idea of tanking his party s own candidate for president over sandwiches at lunch.McConnell s thinking is this: If Republicans accept that Trump will never win the general election, they can devote their energy towards running against Clinton at the senate level. If that sounds insane, then welcome to the Republican Party in 2016.The saddest part in this scheme is that McConnell s plan probably won t even work   at least not in the way he hopes. For one thing, Trump has run his entire campaign on being anti-everything the current  establishment  Republican Party stands for. If his rabid supporters catch wind of the fact that loathed senators like Mitch McConnell are lining against him, that will only make him more popular. Trump s been saying the party is against him all along. This only confirms it.Making matters even more dire, McConnell s tenure as Senate Leader has been defined by such egregious levels of obstructionism that Republican lawmakers are roughly as popular as athlete s foot. In just the last few weeks, sources leaked McConnell s plan to literally do nothing during this year s legislative session. If that  do nothing  strategy is shameful, he only made it worse by following it up with the announcement that he would be blocking President Obama s Supreme Court Justice nominee to score political points. Neither decision was popular with Democrats or Republicans.As a result, polls suggest McConnell is leading Senate Republicans into an epic defeat on election day. Having destroyed Trump to save the jobs of Senate Republicans, he will be left with nothing to show for it. A fitting end to a Republican Party that rushed so fast to the bottom that they didn t realize they had jumped off of a cliff.Featured image via Gage Skidmore/Flickr ",0
7826, ALL Of The GOP Candidates Would WRECK Our Environment – Here’s How,"During the most recent Republican Presidential debate, Donald Trump proposed getting rid of the Environmental Protection Agency altogether, a government agency founded in 1970 by Republican President Richard Nixon. Trump s skewed logic was the agency s $8 billion budget is wasted and should be reallocated to the states.In response to Rubio s pressing of Trump for what his plan is to cut taxes and balance the federal budget, Trump replied: Environmental protection   we waste all of this money. We re going to bring that back to the states. We are going to cut many of the agencies, we will balance our budget and we will be dynamic again. The radical proposal of Trump defies anything remotely close to being realistic. Trump has also accused the EPA of creating more damage than they protect and making it impossible for the country to compete. His rhetoric is part of the mode of thinking many of his supporters have, that the government somehow is impeding their ability to improve their lives, and the solution is de-regulating everything in order for a free market of competition will solve everything. In reality, dissolving the EPA, which would involve repealing many environmental laws, would leave environmental protection up to the states, where most do not have the resources to enforce meaningful environmental regulations. This would also cause a vacuum of competition where states would try to appeal to hazardous industries to come to their state by downgrading environmental regulations.Because the entire Republican Party has lost their minds, Trump s proposal is one that has also been adopted by Senator Marco Rubio and Senator Ted Cruz. This past January, Rubio dubbed the EPA, the  Employment Prevention Agency,  adding the agency s regulations are out of control and hurt our economy.Cruz, who already is notorious for wanting to repeal all federal climate change regulation and the Clean Air Act, told Breitbart News in 2015,  I think states should press back using every tool they have available. We ve got to rein in a lawless executive that is abusing its power,  in response to a question as to whether states should comply with EPA coal regulations.The proposal to get rid of the EPA would be disastrous for the environment and the daily lives of every American. The endemic species throughout this country and the ecosystems they inhabit are already under insurmountable stress, and the science overwhelmingly shows environmental regulations, caps, and oversight are needed to mitigate the effects of climate change and other environmental influences.Dissolving the EPA is just one of the many dangers the Republican presidential candidates pose to the American public if elected, and if they were ever successful in doing so, the damage incurred could potentially destroy parts of the country indefinitely with hazardous sites, toxic waste pollution, and increasing emission rates becoming more of the norm. If anything, the EPA s funding needs to be increased, and the agency improved by making it more effective, because the stakes couldn t be higher. America cannot afford a president who doesn t understand action needs to be made to combat climate change, not worsen it.Featured image via Screen Capture",0
7827, Former CIA/NSA Chief Says Trump’s Unlawful Orders Would NOT Be Followed By The Armed Forces (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has this tough guy syndrome that makes it impossible for him to resist doing and saying incredibly stupid things. It has garnered him a lot of attention from the low-hanging fruit he calls a base, who love his stance on discrimination and approval of brutish violence. Watching Trump rise is eerily similar to 1936 Germany in far too many ways.Included in the Donald Trump school of narcissism for the wealthy is a call to do whatever it takes to get rid of every terrorist on earth. Not only should we remove every Muslim from the country and deny re-entry to anyone wanting to come back  just until we have things figured out,  we should also engage in torture again and murder the families of known terrorists.It all sounds like a cool scene out of a mobster movie for the common idiot who thinks beating each other up until someone says uncle is the way society should run. In the real world, it s a violation of every international law and treaty we belong to, which as former General and CIA/NSA Director Michael Hayden explains to Bill Maher, is enough to cause the armed forces to refuse those orders, as they are required to do by law.You see, Donald, we can t have rich dudes playing reality TV with our lives, our country, our planet, or our future. It doesn t really suit anyone at any level. That s why our country has, along the way, put safeguards in place so megalomaniacs can t buy their way to power and just blow up the world because they can and they know they ll have a really cool bunker.What is truly scary is that the Republican party, in its desperation to stay relevent, decided to embrace the hate of the people who support Trump. They have no choice anymore but to accept that what started out as a really bad joke could turn into a reality pretty quickly, opening the door for such qualified future GOP candidates as James Woods, Chuck Norris, Clint Eastwood and the late Charlton Heston, appearing through the magic of Disney.At least their insanity won t go far. Watch the video below, courtesy of Real Time with Bill Maher:Featured image from screen capture ",0
7828, Former Fed. Prosecutor Thinks Trump Could Go To Prison Over This One Tweet (IMAGE),"Donald Trump is known for starting fights with people on his favorite social media platform, Twitter. The Republican presidential primary frontrunner may have started a fight that might land him in jail.Trump s latest feud is with the Marlene Ricketts, one of the owners of the Chicago Cubs. Ricketts donated $3 million dollars to a SuperPAC, that has the intent of taking down Donald Trump. The SuperPAC called the  Our Principles PAC  is being run by Katie Packer. Packer is a former advisor to Mitt Romney. Here s the Tweet:Ricketts responded to the Tweet, saying: It s a little surreal when Donald Trump threatens your mom but you know, the fact is whether it s my mom or my dad on his spending stuff or my sister on marriage equality or my brothers on what they do or what we do with the team, we re pretty much an open book. We stand up for what we believe in, we support the cause we think is important, and that s what America should be. Robert Reich wrote about the matter on his Facebook page on Friday night. That s where he said that one of his friends thinks that Trump violated the law when he put that Tweet out. After noting Trump s statements that he would prosecute Hillary Clinton over her private email server, Reich writes: My friend Arthur Ferguson, a former federal prosecutor, thinks Trump s statement violates the federal law criminalizing extortionate threats. 18 USC Section 875(d) reads:  Whoever, with intent to extort from any person   anything of value transmits   any communication containing any threat to injure the property or reputation [of anyone]   shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than two years, or both.' I m doubtful that anyone would actually consider prosecuting Trump over the matter, though Republicans are working double time to try and prevent a Trump presidential nomination. They are all looking for a way to take down his campaign, and a criminal investigation might do just the trick. Featured image from Gage Skidmore via Flickr",0
7829, Trump’s All-Time Sleaziest Scam May Come Back To Bite Him…Hard,"Donald Trump is a perpetual failure as a human being whose only redeeming quality is that he appeals to ignorant buffoons who only care about hating people and being politically incorrect. There are, unfortunately, a whole lot of those deranged lunatics who are silly enough to believe that Donald Trump will be anything but an embarrassment as president.So here we are, on the cusp of what we all considered a joke for months becoming the next American reality. We are immature enough to put an unqualified reality star who displays textbook signs of narcissistic personality disorder on a major party ticket for president. That makes America as a country incredibly sad.Here in the real world we re gearing up for a Donald Trump run with the kinds of things real people and independents want to hear about: Donald Trump the scumbag. Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz started to get down on Trump for his biggest blunder ever, the one that truly shows what Donald Trump thinks of the common American: Trump University.That s right, folks For just under $40K you too can learn nothing about real estate and get a degree in nothing and know nothing and earn nothing but a photo with a cardboard cutout of Donald Trump. Trump is accused of a ponzi-like scheme that lured people in thinking they would learn tricks from a mogul and instead learned how expensive it is to believe anything Donald Trump says.Now, during GOP debates, all of this is right out there amidst the stupidity and endless little catfights. During presidential and vice-presidential debates, they re going to have to put that lunatic on stage with the Democratic nominee and debate using the kind of talking points you can only hide in the Republican primaries. Donald Trump s bully tactics and condescending attitude aren t going to fly well when it comes to the sane people of this country.In the end, the Democratic nominee, in a one on one moderated debate, will take the lawsuit that s been working its way through layers of Donald Trump s shadiness and jam it down his political throat. Eric Schneiderman, New York State Attorney General, Isn t a fan of Trump s actions. He said in a statement: No one, no matter how rich or famous they are, has a right to scam hardworking New Yorkers. Anyone who does should expect to be held accountable. The attorney general noted that Trump personally persuaded more than 5,000 people, 600 of them New Yorkers,  to spend tens of thousands of dollars they couldn t afford for lessons they never got. This is the kind of thing nobody should get away with. It s pathetic. It screams Donald Trump. Trump s response is to pretend it doesn t exist and call people names. Let s see how that works out against Secretary Clinton or Senator Sanders.Featured image from Gage Skidmore",0
7830, Latest Trump Campaign Ad Reveals His DISTURBING Plans For Day One In The White House (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has released a campaign ad detailing his plans for his first day as President of the United States of America. It is a window into hell.The video was released via Trump s Facebook page and Twitter account on Friday night, and for those hoping for a little more policy detail from Trump, we got it. Sadly, it is a little worse than we imagined.What would Trump do on his first day, he would rescind every single Executive Order made by President Obama. Why? Because he doesn t have to go through Congress.This would mean:Trump took primary aim however, at gun control and immigration. Trump would revoke the new gun control laws put in place in response to Sandy Hook and the mass shooting epidemic. He would also remove the protections Obama put in place for the children of undocumented immigrants that would prevent them being deported. These are people who have been born, or raised for the majority of their lives, in the United States. But Trump wants these protections removed so he can fulfill on his plans for the forced mass deportation of undocumented migrants and any children living in the United States.He says: I would get rid of the attack on our Second Amendment, because that s what Obama is doing when he does that.I would very, very strongly get rid of the attack on the border. We have a border that s like a piece of Swiss Cheese. People are pouring through. That order will be the single first thing I do.And we will work on all of these Executive Orders, and the bad ones, of which mostly that s what you have, will be terminated immediately my first day in office. Never mind that the man can t construct a simple sentence without turning it into word soup. This is what a Trump White House will look like: It would a more cruel, more authoritarian, less safe America. Eight years of progress  disappeared  with the swipe of a pen. https://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump/videos/10156689716915725/Featured image via screenshot",0
7831, Bill Maher Acts Out Trump SOTU Address And PERFECTLY Shows Trump Can’t Ever Be POTUS (VIDEO),"Imagining what Donald Trump would be like as the next president of the United States is terrifying for every level-headed American. In fact, most of us don t even want to think about what it would be like.Bill Maher gave us an awful dose of reality on Real Time last night, when he imagined what a State of the Union address from the current Republican presidential front runner might look like. The enactment was prefaced with Maher pointing out the irony of Trump s complaints that former Mexican President Vicente Fox had used foul language to fire back at him after he pledged to make Mexico pay for the construction of his beloved U.S.-Mexico border wall if he became president. Fox s amazing response to that was  I m not going to pay for the f*cking wall  and he refused to comply when Trump demanded an apology for the comment.Amused with Trump s complete lack of self-awareness, Maher quipped on his show: Donald Trump must admit that, of all his reversals, hypocrisies, and 180s, his condemnation this week of Vicente Fox for using foul language is the most ridiculous of all. Talk about the pot calling the kettle orange. As Maher rolls footage of the Republican front runner cursing in several public speeches, the fact that Trump is pretending to be offended by Fox becomes even more hilarious.Maher then moved on to tackle Trump s disturbing popularity with the use of his alias,  Andrew Dice Trump . Maher commented that the reason Trump had risen so high was because voters like his crass way of speaking. Maher remarked, They kind of like it when a politician drops the facade and talks the way we all really talk. And to explore just what a future Trump presidency might look like, Maher acted out a State of The Union address to show just how political discourse could go if America doesn t wake up soon and realize that we re better than bigotry and outlandish comments. Assuming the position of Trump in the scene, Maher cursed his entire way through the distasteful address and announced that  the state of our union is f*cking awesome. Sadly, Maher captured Trump perfectly and this is probably a very realistic representation of what a speech by President Trump might look like. You can watch Maher s enactment below: Featured image is a compilation from Gage Skidmore and a screenshot",0
7832, Watch Trump’s Tense Confrontation With Protester Wearing ‘KKK Endorses Trump’ Shirt (VIDEO),"Turning up to a Trump rally to oppose the Republican front-runner can be life-threatening, as Trump and his rabid supporters have proven time after time that they re violent, mindless idiots that feel threatened by even the most peaceful of protesters.On Friday during an Oklahoma City rally, a man took a stand against the candidate by reminding everyone about the business mogul s racist rhetoric and connection to white supremacists. The brave protester stood up and stuck his tongue out at Trump, proudly displaying the fact that he was wearing a homemade shirt that said  KKK endorses Trump. As Trump s devout minions noticed the protester s shirt, the audience was overcome with boos and shouting. Trump walked over to the protester, practically stared the man down, then paced the stage while he waited for his security to take the protester away. Meanwhile, Trump s fans chanted  USA, USA, USA . Once the man was gone, Trump took center stage once again and went on a rant against political correctness, saying it was to blame for the slow response to the protester. You see, in the good old days, law enforcement acted a lot quicker than this! A lot quicker. In the good old days, they d rip him out of that seat so fast, but today everyone is politically correct. Our country is going to hell for being politically correct. Going to hell. You can watch the confrontation below:Considering that earlier this week, Trump faced another protester and threatened to  punch him in the face , this response from Trump was mild.Although Trump removed the protester, the man had hit on a part of Trump s campaign that the GOPer is now trying to distance himself from. Just hours before this confrontation, Trump had brushed off the support of former Ku Klux Klan grand wizard David Duke, who d said not voting for Trump would be against Americans   heritage.  Before quickly changing the subject, the front runner said, David Duke endorsed me? OK, alright. I disavow, OK? While Trump may be trying to pretend that he s not a racist, it doesn t reverse the fact that Trump has retweeted various white supremacists and is a favorite candidate amongst the most racist people in our country. ",0
7833," Planned Parenthood Shooter Speaks Out, Sounds Like GOP Candidate","Robert Dear, the accused terrorist who shot up the Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs, CO, is speaking out about his rampage and still sounding like anti-choice activists on the right.Dear spoke to the Colorado Gazette newspaper, and was not ashamed of what he did.The accused Planned Parenthood shooter spoke to The Gazette on Friday at the El Paso County jail, saying he had no remorse for killing three people at the clinic on Nov. 27. I killed three and I saved 3,000   3,000 babies or more,  said Robert Lewis Dear Jr., referencing abortions conducted at the clinic.Dear s shooting spree followed the release of several videos deceptively edited to make it seem as if workers at Planned Parenthood clinics were breaking the law and selling fetal body parts. Those videos were created by activists at the group Center for Medical Progress and their leader David Daleiden, who was recently indicted in Texas for tampering with government records and other charges.Despite this, attacks on Planned Parenthood have become a part of the Republican mainstream. Presidential candidates have said they would defund the organization to varying degrees, citing the hoax videos as evidence.Meanwhile congressional committees have previously and continue to harass and attack Planned Parenthood but have been unable to point to any crimes that haven committed.Similarly, numerous state attorney generals   including Republicans   have investigated Planned Parenthood but have been completely unable to bring up evidence of crimes on their behalf.The attacks have continued, even after Dear s murder spree. Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) recently promised to ramp up investigations of Planned Parenthood while vowing to give Daleiden a pardon for his crimes.In conservative media like Fox News Channel, viewers have been fed a steady diet of anti-abortion, anti-Planned Parenthood on a regular basis. Those outlets have told their viewers that Planned Parenthood is doing illegal, horrific things with baby parts, and have thought nothing of the consequences of those lies on the public and people like Dear.Featured image via YouTube",0
7834, Big Corp. Is So Afraid Of A Liberal SCOTUS They Just Settled A MASSIVE Lawsuit,"It looks like Justice Antonin Scalia s untimely death is not just causes Republicans to lose their minds in fear, a giant corporation embroiled in a class action lawsuit is just as scared. In fact, they are so afraid of the possibility of a split or liberal Supreme Court that they have settled their lawsuit for almost a billion dollars.Dow Chemical was set to go in front of the SCOTUS after a 2013 ruling by a Kansas court upheld a massive $1.06 billion judgement against the company for price-fixing. The company sued and found liable after being accused of colluding with four other chemical companies (Bayer AG, BASF SE, Huntsman International LLC and Lyondell Chemical Co.) to fix the prices of polyether polyol products   which are used to make urethane foam   in order to overcharge customers in the  90s and early 2000s.The company was counting on Scalia to rule in their favor and overturn the huge judgement, but then he died. His death meant that one of two things would happen 1.) they d go in front of 8 justices and get a split decision which would uphold the $1.06 billion ruling, or 2.) they would face a liberal court if Obama gets someone on the court and the judgement would also be upheld. When they realized that they were screwed they issued a statement announcing they d settled and blamed it on Scalia s death:The Dow Chemical Company (NYSE: DOW) has entered into a settlement agreement to resolve the In re Urethanes Class Action litigation. In this settlement agreement, Dow has agreed to pay the plaintiff class $835 million Growing political uncertainties due to recent events within the Supreme Court and increased likelihood for unfavorable outcomes for business involved in class action suits have changed Dow s risk assessment of the situation. Dow believes this settlement is the right decision for the company and our shareholders.Translation: Scalia died and f*cked us over, so now we are being forced to pay $835 million to all of the people we hurt.Scalia s death didn t just hurt Dow though, there are a number of other huge corporations set to go in front of the court, including Microsoft and Tyson Foods.What s actually really infuriating about this is that Dow was so sure that they were going to win this case until Scalia croaked. This guy was such a corporate shill (as are the rest of the conservative members) that big companies who had judgements levied against them were happy to go in front of the court because they knew they d win.So, while this sudden settlement may be hilarious, it is also pretty damning. It really highlights how much the conservative Supreme Court has hurt average Americans in order to help big business.Featured image via Wikipedia",0
7835, Mom Of Columbine Shooter Shames The NRA And Gun-Crazy Republicans,"Sue Klebold, the mother of Columbine High School shooter Dylan Klebold, has written an op-ed column in the Washington Post discussing the issue of gun violence in America.The April 20, 1999 shooting at Columbine in Colorado killed 13 and injured another 24. The shooters, Dylan Klebold and Eric Harris, committed suicide. At the time it was the deadliest school shooting in U.S. history, but then the shooting at Newtown happened.In her moving piece, Klebold discusses the role of mental health in mass shootings, and notes that over the years since the massacre, we as a society have learned to better see the signs of mental distress and to know better how to reach out to kids in crisis.But she also notes that as important as that is, the issue of easy access to guns is still hanging over this issue.Having said that, I still cannot help but believe that Dylan and Eric would not have been able to take the lives of so many if they had not had such easy access to guns. As I later learned, Dylan and Eric   both of whom were minors   secretly attended a gun show where they bought the shotguns they would use in the massacre and met a young man who sold them a TEC-9 semiautomatic pistol.Is our right to gun ownership under the Second Amendment so absolute that we cannot, at the very least, restrict access to certain kinds of weapons to protect the most vulnerable among us   especially teenagers, whose judgment at the best of times is compromised by hormones, impulsivity and immature decision-making? Is our right to bear arms so vital to what it means to be an American that there can be no limit on those rights whatsoever, whether raising the legal age at which one can purchase a gun, as we did with the drinking age or conducting more extensive background checks or restricting access to assault weapons designed for the battlefield?Her words strike right at the heart of the core beliefs of the NRA, who insist nothing can ever actually be done to rein in guns in America. Instead, the NRA and the politicians it owns   Democrats and Republicans   mouth words about  mental health  and move on from one mass shooting to the next.If the mother of one of the worst killers in American history can see this, why can t they? Is the money really worth it?Featured image via YouTube",0
7836," Donors Are So TERRIFIED Of Trump, They’re Begging GOP To Find 3rd Party Candidate To Sabotage Him","Conservative donors are shaking in their boots over the idea of a Trump presidency destroying the Republican party, and the last 35 years of their promotion of plutocracy in America. Things have gotten so bad for them in the face of Trump s virtually unstoppable campaign, that they are now throwing money at a GOP consulting firm to figure out if a late-term independent 3rd party run could be initiated if Trump wins the Republican nomination.The document, which was supposed to remain confidential, was created by staff at Data Targeting, which is a right-wing political firm in Gainesville Florida. The memo says that it is possible to mount an independent candidacy but [it] will require immediate action on the part of this core of key funding and strategic players. All this research has to happen before March 16, when inevitably Trump is the nominee, so that we have a plan in place,  an inside source that was part of the development of the document said. March 16 is the day after the Republican primary in Florida, which is winner-take-all for the victor. Marco Rubio supporters are hoping that they can win this one to halt Trump s so far unstoppable momentum. As it is now, Rubio s prospects for this are growing dimmer by the day. The latest Real Clear Politics poll shows Trump at 40.3 to Rubio s 20.8. It will be almost impossible for Rubio to beat Trump in his home state at this rate.The process of creating a third-party  independent  to run is not going to be easy. The candidate would need to gather over 79,900 petition signatures in Texas by May 9, and 89,000 in North Carolina by June 9. While this is possible in the time allotted, finding some relative unknown and suddenly propping him or her up as the great white hope of the Republican party will be met with jeers by many. As dumb as Republican voters may be, they aren t going to suddenly start voting for a corporate funded nobody.Texas and North Carolina have been pegged as the litmus test due to Texas s 38 electoral votes being a necessity for any Republican win, and North Carolina s status as a swing state that leans Republican. A failure in these states for a third-party candidate would make it nearly impossible for a 3rd party win.It s possible that the third-party candidate could still run, in an effort to simply prevent a Trump presidency at the cost of letting the Democrats retain control. A Trump nomination is going to be embarrassing enough for Republicans. An actual Trump presidency would possibly damage the party permanently beyond repair. It s only a theory, but if it came down to destroying the party or waiting at least 4 more years, they will take the latter.Featured image via YouTube",0
7837," Greedy Oil CEO Fires 20 Percent Of Employees, Awards Himself $18 Million","The World s largest oil field service, Schlumberger, has been bleeding profits since an oversupply of oil drove the cost per barrel from $100 in 2014 to $33.01. CEO Paal Kibsgaard saw his company profits decrease 40 percent since the downward trend in oil prices began, and as a result he fired 25,000 people in 2015, roughly 20 percent of the company s workforce.The CEO felt the pain in his company s loss of profits though as his salary decreased from $18.5 million in 2014 to $18.3 million in 2015. The drop was only due to the performance in his pension plan though, as his base salary  and stock values increased from 2014.Despite running a failing company, Kibsgaard remains one of the highest paid CEOs in the World. In 2014, CNN Money ranked him as number 9 on their list of the 12 highest paid CEOs in the World.Forbes listed Schlumberger as #123 on its list of largest public companies, with a market cap of $109.8 billion as of May 2015. The sheer size, scope and profits the company makes should inoculate it to some degree from making enormous employee layoffs, leaving thousands of men and women with families unemployed, facing inadequate compensation and the stressors inherent with re-entering the job market. Layoffs are often a sign of failure by top executives to properly manage a business and forecast needs,  wrote Eleanor Boxham in a 2013 Fortune magazine article.  And failure of board members to ensure that the right management is in place. Given this sign of failure from Schlumberger s CEO, it is ethically abhorrent he receives such a high salary the same year the company lays off thousands of lower level employees. Despite the layoffs, the company s stock has steadily increased lately, and unfortunately that is all these corporate leaders, especially in the oil industry, care about. These attitudes are what contribute to the growing income and wealthy inequality not just in America, but all over the World. The 62 wealthiest people in the world have as much wealth as the bottom 50 percent of the world, nearly 3.6 billion people. The wealthiest 1 percent of the World s population have as much wealth as the other 99 percent. For nearly fifty years, wages of working people in the United States have remained stagnant while the top income earners have seen their salaries grow exponentially. In the United States since the 2008 recession, nearly 99 percent of all new generated income has gone to the wealthiest 1 percent of Americans. Current trends suggest these enormous disparities in wealth are expanding, and if CEOs like Kibsgaard are allowed to take home huge salaries while simultaneously firing thousands of people, things are only going to get worse.Featured Image Courtesy of Flickr",0
7838," Melissa Harris-Perry Is DONE With MSNBC, Pens Detailed Letter Explaining Why","As you may or may not know at this point, MSNBC is no longer the place for liberal politics anymore. And if you watch daily, you may have noticed this slow shift over the past year or so. Sure, there s still shows like Rachel Maddow and Chris Hayes  All In, but all in all, if you re looking for real progressive TV, you re going to have to find it somewhere on the internet. The network is making a strong effort to switch from opinion to hard news, and that s why you re seeing fewer and fewer opinion shows and more generic broadcasts, especially during the day.Unfortunately, it looks like Melissa Harris-Perry was being forced to silence her voice by the network as well, and as of Friday, Harris-Perry has decided that she will no longer do her weekend show.In a letter written by Harris-Perry, and put out by one of her original producers, Jamil Smith, she explains in great detail why she has made this decision.Here s the letter in full:Dearest Nerds,As you know by now, my name appears on the weekend schedule for MSNBC programming from South Carolina this Saturday and Sunday. I appreciate that many of you responded to this development with relief and enthusiasm. To know that you have missed working with me even a fraction of how much I ve missed working with all of you is deeply moving. However, as of this morning, I do not have any intention of hosting this weekend. Because this is a decision that affects all of you, I wanted to take a moment to explain my reasoning.Some unknown decision-maker, presumably Andy Lack or Phil Griffin, has added my name to this spreadsheet, but nothing has changed in the posture of the MSNBC leadership team toward me or toward our show. Putting me on air seems to be a decision being made solely to save face because there is a growing chorus of questions from our viewers about my notable absence from MSNBC coverage. Social media has noted the dramatic change in editorial tone and racial composition of MSNBC s on-air coverage. In addition, Dylan Byers of CNN has made repeated inquiries with MSNBC s leadership and with me about the show and what appears to be its cancellation. I have not responded to reporters or social media inquiries. However, I am not willing to appear on air in order to quell concerns about the disappearance of our show and our voice.Here is the reality: our show was taken without comment or discussion or notice in the midst of an election season. After four years of building an audience, developing a brand, and developing trust with our viewers, we were effectively and utterly silenced. Now, MSNBC would like me to appear for four inconsequential hours to read news that they deem relevant without returning to our team any of the editorial control and authority that makes MHP Show distinctive.The purpose of this decision seems to be to provide cover for MSNBC, not to provide voice for MHP Show. I will not be used as a tool for their purposes. I am not a token, mammy, or little brown bobble head. I am not owned by Lack, Griffin, or MSNBC. I love our show. I want it back. I have wept more tears than I can count and I find this deeply painful, but I don t want back on air at any cost. I am only willing to return when that return happens under certain terms.Undoubtedly, television nurtures the egos of those of us who find ourselves in front of bright lights and big cameras. I am sure ego is informing my own pain in this moment, but there is a level of professional decency, respect, and communication that has been denied this show for years. And the utter insulting absurdity of the past few weeks exceeds anything I can countenance.I have stayed in the same hotels where MSNBC has been broadcasting in Iowa, in New Hampshire, and in South Carolina, yet I have been shut out from coverage. I have a PhD in political science and have taught American voting and elections at some of the nation s top universities for nearly two decades, yet I have been deemed less worthy to weigh in than relative novices and certified liars. I have hosted a weekly program on this network for four years and contributed to election coverage on this network for nearly eight years, but no one on the third floor has even returned an email, called me, or initiated or responded to any communication of any kind from me for nearly a month. It is profoundly hurtful to realize that I work for people who find my considerable expertise and editorial judgment valueless to the coverage they are creating.While MSNBC may believe that I am worthless, I know better. I know who I am. I know why MHP Show is unique and valuable. I will not sell short myself or this show. I am not hungry for empty airtime. I care only about substantive, meaningful, and autonomous work. When we can do that, I will return not a moment earlier. I am deeply sorry for the ways that this decision makes life harder for all of you. You mean more to me than you can imagine.Yours always,MelissaIt s really a shame that MSNBC is trying to silence the liberal voice. A voice that is being drowned out endlessly as more and more news outlets are acquired by right-leaning companies and CEOs. It s as though MSNBC gave up on itself, and instead of work on a formula that could really bring in more views, decided it was easier to just be generic. Hopefully the network comes to their senses sooner rather than later, and hopefully we will hear Harris-Perry s very well-educated, and much-needed voice once again. However, we must respect her decision.Featured image: RCP",0
7839, Watch This CNN Host Need To Stop Himself From Laughing At Trump After Ridiculous Lie (VIDEO),"A lot of credit needs to be given to those who work in the media and have to put up with these presidential candidates daily. Especially those coming from the clown car on the right   in particular, Donald Trump. The real estate mogul will literally say practically anything that suits him in the moment. It doesn t matter if he changes his tune five minutes later, his opinions sway with whatever is most opportunistic for him at any given time.Take, for instance, his tax returns that Mitt Romney and several others are calling for. Now, during the latest GOP debate he said he can t show his returns because they are currently being audited, and he cited that s what happens with most large businesses and business owners, so for that reason he can t show his returns yet until the audit is over. Then after the debate, during an interview with CNN s Chris Cuomo, Trump claimed he was likely being audited and unfairly treated by the IRS because he s a Christian. So, in the matter of about an hour, he tried pandering to business owners and then later to Christians. After all, several supposed Christians feel as though they are being persecuted for not being allowed to legally discriminate any longer, and Trump knowing this selling line is already out there, uses it for his own purposes as well. He s not dumb   but he clearly thinks those who like him are. After all,  he loves the poorly educated. Cuomo, however, had to do his best to hold it together while Trump was trying to claim he was being audited based on his Christianity. Trump said: I m always audited by the IRS, which I think is very unfair. I don t know whether it s maybe because of religion or because of something else, maybe because I m doing this [running for office]. When Cuomo asked Trump to further explain what he meant by  religion,  Trump said: Well, maybe because of the fact that I m a strong Christian and I feel strongly about it, so maybe there s a bias. This is when you can clearly see Cuomo raise his eyebrows and hold his face together as best he can not to just laugh in Trump s face. Trump continued: You have many religious groups that are complaining about that. They ve been complaining about it for a long time. So wait, now Trump is a  religious group ?? Umm Trump is clearly trying to dodge the need to release his returns, and he s trying as many lines as possible to see what sticks so he won t have to release them. Kudos for the effort, but not all of us are as dumb as Trump supporters and can spot this clear poppycock from a mile away.This is the video of his entire post-debate interview with CNN, but his audit malarkey begins at the 4:27 mark: Featured image via YouTube",0
7840, Merriam-Webster Dictionary SHAMES Trump On Twitter After Misspelling Tweets,"Donald Trump is a narcissist and a bully. Despite his ever-increasing obnoxiousness and commitment to Nazi-like policy proposals, he continues to rise in the polls. However, everyone sane is sick of it   including the Merriam-Webster Dictionary. Whomever runs that account on Twitter decided to take a shot a Trump and his misspelled tweets, by tweeting out definitions and corrections to billionaire reality star turned joke of a Presidential candidate. The prompt for this seems to be one of Trump s crazy Twitter rants, the latest of which he posted Friday.Trump s tweets featured common, easy to spell words that were horrifically misspelled. Those words included  honor,   choker,  and  lightweight.  Here is the dictionary s tweet mocking and correcting Trump:honer: one that hones (https://t.co/76PlKG8PA6)leightweight: We have no. idea. chocker: https://t.co/geeDMqiS4D https://t.co/2km86hZAVQ  Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) February 26, 2016After this, it seems that Trump was actually ashamed enough to correct his horrific spelling on Twitter. Here is a screenshot of that evidence, complete with mockery from Breitbart White House correspondent Charlie Spiering:Marco Rubio also got in on the hits at Trump, and railed him in typical childish GOP fashion: Wow every poll said I won the debate last night. Now this is him about himself, okay    Great honer.  I think he meant to say honor. I don t know how he got that wrong because the e and the o are nowhere near each other on the keyboard. So how does this guy not in one tweet, three tweets, misspell words so badly? And I only reached two conclusions. Number one, that s how they spell those words at the Wharton School of Business, where he went. Or number two, just like Trump Tower, he must have hired a foreign worker to do his own tweets. Then, to add the final nail to the Twitter coffin that shamed Trump into his corrections, Michael Ian Black had some fun with Trump as well:""Cruz is a pussy.""""Rubio is a chocker.""""Trump peed his pants.""  Republican presidential candidates, 2016.  Michael Ian Black (@michaelianblack) February 26, 2016Well, at least we now know that Trump is at least capable of being embarrassed. Well done, Merriam-Webster. You just did what no one else could do, and got Trump to admit that he was wrong about something.Featured image via Gage Skidmore from Wikimedia Commons",0
7841, Scathing New Amnesty International Report Calls For End To Israeli War Crimes (IMAGE/VIDEO),"On February 25, 1994, Israeli-Zionist terrorist Barch Goldstein walked into the Ibrahimi Mosque in the Palestinian city of Khalil (Hebron) and executed 29 kneeling Palestinian worshipers and wounded another 129. Soon after, protests broke out in the city and at least 20 more Palestinians were killed by Israeli soldiers guarding the illegal Jewish settlers Israel implanted in the city. Israel also imposed a permanent closure on Al-Shuhada Street, once a bustling strip of Palestinian businesses. The street is the main road leading to the Tomb of the Patriarchs and today, only Jewish Israelis are allowed access to the street, turning the area, which was once the heart of the city, into a virtual ghost town.As Palestinians mark 22 years since the massacre at the mosque and the closure of Al-Shuhada Street, Amnesty International is calling on Israel to lift their military restrictions and collective punishment of Palestinians, a war crime under international law: Since October 2015, as violence in the Occupied Palestinian Territories (OPT) and Israel has surged, the Israeli authorities have drastically increased the arbitrary and discriminatory restrictions on movement imposed on Palestinians in and around Hebron s Old City, declaring parts of it a  closed military zone.  This has further entrenched and exacerbated a pattern of long-standing violations of the rights to freedom of movement, work, health and education of Palestinians in Hebron, especially tens of thousands residing or working in or near the Old City. The arbitrary and discriminatory restrictions, which are not applied to the Israeli Jews living in the illegal settlements in and around the city, constitute collective punishment and violate international humanitarian law. Furthermore, Palestinian and international human rights defenders, including monitors, have been prevented from accessing the areas of al-Shuhada Street and el Rumeida, and are constantly harassed by Israeli forces and settlers. In typical fashion of tyrannical states, Israel has also attacked human rights activists who have protested Israel s brutal policies toward the Palestinians. Amnesty International states: International activists and human rights defenders, who have played a crucial role for many years in documenting Israeli violations against Palestinians living in Hebron, have also been harassed and attacked by Israeli forces and settlers, and prevented from entering the area designated a closed military zone. Activists from the International Solidarity Movement (ISM) told Amnesty International in October that Israeli settlers had physically attacked them frequently, including in the presence of Israeli forces, who did not act to stop the attacks. The ISM also reported that the Israeli police arrested two international activists on 3 November 2015 at the request of Israeli soldiers at a checkpoint the two activists were observing. The two were released, ISM said, when they agreed to leave the city for a week despite the Israeli police telling them there was  no evidence  against them. The report ends by pointing to Israel s colonies or what are typically referred to as settlements, which are illegal under international law, as the main source of tension in the area. Israel has built colonies and an infrastructure exclusively for Jews, stealing Palestinian land and then killing them when they resist Israel s Orwellian experiment. Amnesty International states:  The presence of illegal settlements in and around Hebron is both the cause of the long-standing human rights crisis in the city, and the primary reason for the escalating violence seen there in recent months. The settlements were established in violation of international law, their presence has resulted in grave violations of Palestinians  human rights over many years, and Israel s settlement policy is a war crime under the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court. Instead of continuing the discriminatory measures and actions that compound an illegal situation and violate Palestinians  human rights, Israel must evacuate the Israeli civilians living in the illegal settlements in and around Hebron, as well as elsewhere in the OPT. To get an idea what Palestinians go through on a daily basis, see the video below:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ygi Mnys24] Featured image via video screen capture.",0
7842, Bernie Sanders Just Got A HUGE Native American Endorsement (VIDEO),"Bernie Sanders just received a major endorsement from the legendary activist, environmentalist, economist, and, in my opinion, one of coolest people ever   Winona LaDuke.LaDuke s endorsement of Bernie Sanders came in the form of a video where she praised Sanders  vision for a fossil-free future: Our lands   as indigenous lands   are the place where most of the oil and gas, and a good portion of the uranium and coal comes from. The easiest answer for the future generations is to keep it in the ground. And we are thankful for Bernie Sanders for saying  Let s #keepitintheground.  Don t make a mess we can t clean up, LaDuke said.Here is the video:https://www.facebook.com/MidwestForBernie/videos/343098512481172/?fref=nfFor those not familiar with LaDuke s history, she is an indigenous American who has worked tirelessly fighting for tribal rights and sustainable development. Winona LaDuke is an Anishinaabekwe (Ojibwe) enrolled member of the Mississippi Band Anishinaabeg. After graduating from Harvard, LaDuke has spent her career writing about issues that hurt indigenous groups and the environment. LaDuke currently works as the Director of Honor the Earth.It is not surprising that LaDuke has decided to endorse Sanders for president. Sanders has an ambitious plan to completely transform the United States energy infrastructure. What s really great about Sanders   keep it in the ground  strategy, is that so much of it can be accomplished without the approval of Congress.The president of the United States has the authority to prevent the State Department from granting leases to fossil fuel companies if they want to extract dirty fuels from federal land. President Obama recently used this power to put a quasi-moratorium on leases for coal mines. As president, Sanders would also be able to not give leases to companies who wish to build pipelines across international borders.One aspect of Sanders  energy plan should be of particular interest to both racial justice groups, environmentalists, and those who work in their intersection. Sanders recognizes the disparity of the impact fossil fuel extraction and usage has on indigenous peoples and communities of color. That s why he supports legislation that would work to halt the devastation fossil fuels are causing while creating millions of new jobs. Sanders co-sponsored the  Keep It in the Ground Act  last year. When he did he released a video explain why we need to transform our nation s energy system.You can watch the video below. Featured image from video screenshot via Facebook",0
7843, Crazy ‘Trump Girls’ Stun CNN Host With Rumors About Marco Rubio’s ‘Gay Lifestyle’ (VIDEO),"Trump s made some pretty insane supporters during his campaign, but his most infamous fans are Lynette  Diamond  Hardaway and Rochelle  Silk  Richardson   the dynamic sister duo also known as the  Stump for Trump Girls .Since Trump came onto the political scene, the Stump for Trump Girls have gained a reputation through their pro-Trump Twitter account, videos and wild appearances on news networks. And on CNN this morning, the girls didn t disappoint. Their interview was only a few minutes long, but they managed to cause more than enough trouble.TwitterCommenting on last night s GOP debate, host Carol Costello asked Trump s biggest fans what they thought about presidential candidates Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz joining alliances and shaking each other s hands behind Trump s back, in a joint effort to bring the front runner down. The Trump-loving sisters  response left Costello absolutely stunned as the girls suggested that Rubio was probably gay at one point in his life, if not now. Hardaway said: I think that Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio, they re both snakes.When I look at Marco Rubio, Marco Rubio told us to Google Donald Trump, but I did one better: I Googled him and when I Googled him, you know, he owes America and the gay community an apology.It sounds like he may have had a gay lifestyle in his past! Completely shocked and taken back by the comment, Costella gasped,  What?  and pleaded with the girls not to go down that road. No, Lynette  Lynette. But Richardson backed Hardaway up, and said: That s what s on Google. So you have to be cautious when you start telling people to google people   stuff will come up. We don t know if it s true, so we ll say  allegedly,  but he shouldn t have told people to google Donald, because I googled him and that came up. Costella, likely aware that there would be backlash from the Rubio campaign, steered the girls off into another subject, which happened to be Trump s habitual blaming of immigrants for taking American jobs, while he himself employed many immigrants at his hotels. Following in the footsteps of their beloved presidential candidate, both Hardaway and Richardson were absolutely fine with that.You can watch the segment below, courtesy of Mediaite: Featured image via video screen capture",0
7844, Hillary Absolutely DESTROYS Trump’s Stupid Slogan In One Perfect Tweet (IMAGE),"There s absolutely nothing more frustrating than hearing Donald Trump and his band of merry morons repeatedly say we need to  Make America Great Again.  Newsflash: it already is great. However, for the racist base that he s desperately trying to appeal to, who d love to go back to an America filled with discrimination and horrific policy,  great  is likely synonymous with  hate,  or even  white.  Basically his rhetoric can be summed up with,  Make America Able To Hate Again    because that s what his minions are voting for, and proof of that hate and racism can be found and any one of his many, many events.Likely tired of seeing and hearing this slogan over and over and over, one person seemed to have just about enough, so they took to their Twitter feed to make it known they re not only over it, but they re going to correct it. That person? Hillary Clinton.The Democratic candidate and former Secretary of State, likely alongside her staff, tweeted out during the latest GOP debate, that in all legitimacy was a clusterf*ck, a far better slogan that actually fits with the times and doesn t base itself on hate.She wrote: America never stopped being great. We just need to make it work for everyone   Make America even greater. America never stopped being great. We just need to make it work for everyone. #GOPdebate pic.twitter.com/RiyhfZAAZ1  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) February 26, 2016She s exactly right. The nation never stopped being great. In fact, over the course of a century we ve seen the barriers holding back women, people of color and the LGBT community start to disappear before our eyes. And while we have so much further to go, we are better off than we were. FAR better off, but  we just need to make it work for everyone.  A slogan that the former Secretary of State has been pushing forward in regards to not only better treatment of women, people of color and the gay community, but also in regards to economic inequality and the barriers still holding many Americans back.Kudos to the Clinton for destroying Trump s stupid slogan where it stands. America is already great, but we together can make it greater.Featured imag via YouTube/Instagram/Twitter",0
7845, Trump Says As President He’ll Actively Sue Any Media Outlet That ‘Negatively’ Reports On Him (VIDEO),"At a Texas rally meant to celebrate his recent endorsement by one-time opponent Chris Christie, Donald Trump said the 1st Amendment doesn t extend to journalists who write  purposely negative  articles about him. His plan, one of the view policy positions he s actually laid out, would be to  open up  more libel laws and then sue the newspapers into oblivion.To a crowd of supporters, Trump laid out his vision for what free speech would look like in Trump s America: It boiled down to, be good to me or I ll destroy you. I m gonna open up our libel laws, so when they write purposely negative and horrible, false articles, we can sue them and win lots of money.We re going to open up those libels laws. So that when The New York Times writes a hit piece, which is a total disgrace, or when The Washington Post, which is there for other reasons, writes a hit piece, we can sue them and win money. He closed with promising his fans that he ll  sue  critics like they ve  never got sued before. How did Trump s supporters respond to this terrifying, fascist vision for the future? They went crazy. A cheer went up in the crowd that nearly drowned out Trump s comments.Trump says he wants to  open up our libel laws  so he can sue news outlets and  win lots of money.  pic.twitter.com/AeWfSvPfi5  PolicyMic (@PolicyMic) February 26, 2016Trump s attack on the media representS a bold new step in Trump s march towards a literal Nazi political platform. America has long enjoyed a (relatively) free press and, whether politicians like it or not, the openness has helped keep America free from the kind of totalitarian governments seen in places like North Korea and China. It doesn t mean that the press is always fair. Notably, Barack Obama has faced a constant barrage of right-wing hit pieces directed at his character, his family, and his legacy. However, as bad as it gets, Americans have always recognized that restricting the voice of the media is a line that shouldn t be crossed   until now.Trump, who views any criticism of his ideas or rhetoric as an insult, has a massive ego and paper thin skin. How would he define  negative  and  false  articles? Where would he stop? On what basis would he sue the New York Times or the Washington Post or even liberal blogs which don t agree to go quietly along with his message of bigotry, racism, and war-mongering? The answers to those questions are almost too terrifying to imagine.Featured image via Hollywood Reporter screengrab ",0
7846, Mark Zuckerberg Stands Strong With Black Lives Matter – Reprimands Racist Facebook Employees,"Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has had about enough of the blatantly racist antics happening right within the walls of the company s Menlo Park, California offices. In an internal memo obtained by Gizmodo, Zuckerberg is outright furious over some employees going to the famous  wall,  where everyone is free to write what they want, and crossing out  Black Lives Matter  to replace it with  All Lives Matter.  Zuckerberg seems absolutely disgusted by this continued disregard for others, and reprimanded those culpable.Here s what he wrote: There have been several recent instances of people crossing out  black lives matter  and writing  all lives matter  on the walls at MPK.Despite my clear communication at Q&A last week that this was unacceptable, and messages from several other leaders from across the company, this has happened again. I was already very disappointed by this disrespectful behavior before, but after my communication I now consider this malicious as well.There are specific issues affecting the black community in the United States, coming from a history of oppression and racism.  Black lives matter  doesn t mean others lives don t   it s simply asking that the black community also achieves the justice they deserve.We ve never had rules around what people can write on our walls   we expect everybody to treat each other with respect. Regardless of the content or location, crossing out something means silencing speech, or that one person s speech is more important than another s. Facebook should be a service and a community where everyone is treated with respect.This has been a deeply hurtful and tiresome experience for the black community and really the entire Facebook community, and we are now investigating current incidents.I hope and encourage people to participate in the [email protected] town hall on 3/4 to educate themselves about what the Black Lives Matter movement is about. via GizmodoHopefully those over at Facebook are able to find out who s been doing this malicious behavior and it stops immediately. Zuckerberg is spot on in his memo, and this sort of behavior is not only unprofessional, but outright racist.Featured image: greeneggsandlam/Wikimedia",0
7847," Republican Lawmaker Says Rape Won’t Cause Pregnancy, Especially In Cases Of Incest (AUDIO)","A male Idaho Republican with five daughters made some creepy and outrageous claims during a hearing on an abortion bill on Thursday.According to The Spokesman-Review, the bill  would require women seeking abortions to be given a list of providers of free ultrasounds, and to be told they have a right to such a procedure and to hear a fetal heart monitor  and does not include exceptions for rape and incest victims.During the hearing, a crisis pregnancy center employee was testifying when GOP state Rep. Pete Nielsen made cringe-worthy remarks reminiscent of former Missouri Rep. Todd Akin, who in 2012 claimed that women have natural defenses to shut down the reproductive process if she is going through a  legitimate rape. Now, I m of the understanding that in many cases of rape it does not involve any pregnancy because of the trauma of the incident,  Nielsen said when the CPC employee claimed that her organization had already persuaded two rape victims against having an abortion.  That may be true with incest a little bit,  Nielsen continued.Here s audio of Nielsen s remarks via YouTube.After the hearing, Nielsen doubled down on his remarks, claiming that pregnancy  doesn t happen as often as it does with consensual sex, because of the trauma involved. In fact, a study conducted in 1996 found that around 32,000 rapes result in pregnancy every year.The Spokesman-Review also did some digging and reported,The scientific consensus on the issue is that rape is as likely to result in pregnancy as consensual sex, and some studies suggest the rate of pregnancy is higher in rape. A 2003 study that appeared in the scientific journal  Human Nature,  for instance, found that the rate of pregnancy from rape exceeded the rate of pregnancy from consensual sex by a  sizable margin. But Nielsen, who is NOT a doctor, said  That s information that I ve had through the years,  and then admitted,  Whether it s totally accurate or not, I don t know. In other words, Nielsen has no clue what he is talking about, but decided to make the remarks anyway.Women do not have a natural ability to halt the reproductive process any more than men do. All it takes is one sperm to reach and join a woman s egg to result in a pregnancy. The reproductive process makes no distinction between consensual and non-consensual sex.But Nielsen couldn t stop talking and made a really creepy remark about why he believes rape and incest don t cause pregnancy. I read a lot of information. I have read it several times.   Being a father of five girls, I ve explored this a lot. Yeah, he really said that.Planned Parenthood in Idaho legislative director Hannah Brass Greer expressed outrage that Nielsen, or any lawmaker for that matter, could make such a claim. That s obviously, medically, scientifically inaccurate,  she said.  That type of comment we ve heard before, when politics get in the way of medical care. It s harmful on so many levels. Indeed, not only are such remarks harmful to women and science, it s proven to be especially harmful to Republicans during an election year. As you ll recall, Todd Akin went on to lose his Senate race to Claire McCaskill. Other Republicans who spoke about rape such as Richard Mourdock in Indiana also lost their bid for public office. Republicans also lost in the presidential race that same year because they couldn t stop talking about rape, which caused women to flock to the Democratic Party.It is an issue that has absolutely shredded Republicans in recent years, so it will interesting to see how Republicans, especially those who are running for president in 2016, respond if they are asked to comment on Nielsen s remarks. And if anything, it demonstrates that Republicans still have not learned to keep their mouths shut and that they still hold inaccurate beliefs about rape and the female reproductive system.Featured Image via Raw Story",0
7848, GOP Governor’s Sr. Aide Admits Running Government Like A Business Is A Disaster,"In light of the Flint water crisis, Michigan Republicans are publicly and privately acknowledging that their party s approach to governing has been a total disaster.As Michigan s Eclectablog reports here,  despite the shiny, happy face that Gov. Snyder is putting on and despite his continuing calls for more privatization and the success of Emergency Management,  off the record, state Republicans have been quietly admitting that the GOP s plan to run government like a business  has been an utter failure. John Lindstrom, of Michigan s Gongwer News Service, detailed a string of off-the-record interviews with the state s Republican leadership here.As reported by Gongwer, All of them recognized Flint as a failure, a spectacular failure, of state government. They also worried that it was particularly a failure of their party, as they almost universally said:  Our guys. No matter the setting, or the day, or the circumstance of the conversations, or who was speaking (and not everyone speaking would have known each other), there was an almost stunning repetition to each conversation s tone: They brought up the Flint situation, and they said, unprompted, it was a failure of state government and their party. Even more telling, on February 22, Dennis Schornack, a former Sr. Policy advisor to Michigan s Republican governor, Rick Snyder, was interviewed by the Detroit Free Press.During the interview, Schornack said the Flint water crisis is the direct result of the Republican approach to governing, which promises to run government like a business.Schornack, who has plenty of insight into how the Snyder administration functions, told the Free Press, that Snyder used a  single dimension for decision-making.  He explained that Snyder uses a financial spreadsheet to make every single decision.To illustrate the point, Shornak confided that, in spite of all the talk about  Christian values,  as it turns out, Snyder s decision to oppose gay marriage was never based on his Christian beliefs, it was based on a financial spreadsheet.As the Free Press reports here, Schornack said another example of a Snyder failure related to running government like a business was his administration s handling of gay marriage, which it opposed until it was legalized by the U.S. Supreme Court. Gay marriage must be decided in the heart; safe drinking water in the laboratory,  Schornack said.But the Snyder administration used spreadsheets to address both issues, deciding gay marriage on the basis of how much it would cost the state to provide benefits to same-sex couples among state employees, he said. Schornack did not hold back when discussing how the Republican approach to governing created the Flint water crisis. Government is not a business  and it cannot be run like one,  he told the Free Press.He went on to say, The people of Flint got stuck on the losing end of decisions driven by spreadsheets instead of water quality and public health.  Having been a Snyder staffer, luckily in a spreadsheet-rich area like transportation, I lived the culture amidst its faults. Earlier this week a petition to recall Rick Snyder was approved by the Michigan Board of State Canvassers.When asked if he believes Snyder will be removed from office in November, Schornack said  The issue has totally spun out of the governor s control,  and if a recall question makes it onto the ballot,  he s dead. In light of the situation in the city of Flint, the use of the phrase  he s dead,  is entirely inappropriate.Snyder is very much alive and will continue to be alive, whether he is recalled in November or not. His political career might be dead, but he will have the luxury of living the same extravagant, greedy lifestyle he s been accustomed to, for many years to come.On the other hand, at least ten people are known to have actually died because of Snyder s poison-policy choices, which valued the almighty dollar over all things, including their health and their lives.Add to that the thousands of people who will live with the consequences of Snyder s irresponsible, immoral and illegal decisions for the rest of their lives, many of whom will die from complications associated with lead poisoning.What s worse, as the citizens of Flint struggle to cope with a crisis of monumental proportion, Republican leadership continues to put the almighty dollar before their lives and their health.On February 25, residents of Flint spoke out about the many issues that have yet to be addressed by state or federal leaders, during a town hall with Democratic presidential primary candidate Bernie Sanders.Months after the situation became public knowledge, Flint citizens still struggle to get accurate information, they continue to lack resources for healthcare and many are still faced with the challenges of collecting water from one of the designated locations in the city, without the means to do so.While state Republicans whine about the financial costs of doing the right thing in Lansing, in Washington GOP presidential candidate Ted Cruz is single-handedly blocking federal funding from reaching the people of Flint.And at the front of the pack for the Republican presidential nomination is Donald Trump, a corrupt businessman, who is way more similar to Rick Snyder than GOP leaders would like to admit. Trump wants to bring the GOP s disastrous agenda for running government like a business to the entire country.If Trump s policies of hate and violence aren t enough to give you the chills, his agenda to run government like a business had better.If we don t learn from what happened in Flint, Republican leaders will bring this same dangerous agenda to every city, town and state in the country, with similarly disastrous consequences.image credit: GOP elephant from wikimedia commons, I love spreadsheets mug via Flickr",0
7849, Donald Trump Gets A Big Endorsement From A Former Candidate And It Makes So Much Sense,"Donald Trump is currently steamrolling his way to victory and Republicans seem to finally be waking up to the nightmare that he s going to win the nomination whether they want him to or not.One man who clearly has no problem with swallowing his pride and giving into Trump mania is current New Jersey governor and former Republican candidate for president, Chris Christie. On Friday, he announced that of all the candidates left, Trump is the one who most represents his values. Which actually makes a lot of sense, right? Donald and I have been friends for over a decade,  Christie said. The Republican governor, who dropped out from the race himself after the New Hampshire primary, called Trump a  clear standout  who can provide  strong, unequivocal leadership. What exactly does Christie mean by  strong, unequivocal leadership ? Bullying.It s a strange, twisted irony that Chris Christie saw his election chances dwindle to zero because the brash, quick-to-anger, petty governor was outdone by Trump, a man who could do all of those things, only infinitely better than Christie himself. Christie was planning on running on his record of bullying teachers and union employees, screaming at constituents and attacking political rivals with underhanded tactics. That was supposed to, in Republican terms, make him look  tough  and  capable.  But then Trump came along   a guy who had no problem telling his fans to physically beat up protesters. Who bragged about being able to kill a person in broad daylight. Who used any slight   real or imagined   to viciously go after his opponents in ways that were ugly, even for Washington. Trump is the man Christie wishes he could be.But it s a two-way street. No doubt, Christie s endorsement will help Trump solidify his place as the real front-runner in the race. Christie is considered an  establishment Republican  and his support of Trump legitimizes the former reality television star. It also helps that Christie, before he bowed out, single-handedly destroyed Marco Rubio during a debate. Now that Rubio is running at a distance second place to Trump, Christie can serve as an ever-present reminder of that surreal Robot Rubio software glitch moment.Notice in the wake of the endorsement, nothing is being said of Christie s integrity -that s simply because Christie has none. The man will gladly bash Obama to earn votes then give him a hug when he comes to save his state from a natural disaster. Then he ll go right back to bashing him. Likewise, for months, Christie told voters that Trump was a dangerous and unserious candidate. Now, he throws his reputation behind him, happy to ride his coattails all the way to a cabinet position in a Trump White House.Opportunistic, self-serving and two-faced, it s like Christie was born to endorse Trump. They have so much in common.Featured image via YouTube screenshot",0
7850, 40% Of Floridians Believe This Republican Candidate May Be A Serial Killer,"This CANNOT be a good thing if you are running for president, but it sure is damn hilarious.Republican presidential wannabe Ted Cruz has run smack dab into a serious image problem that threatens to sink his already sinking campaign permanently.Not too long ago, an Internet rumor began circulating that Ted Cruz is the Zodiac Killer, a serial killer who terrorized Northern California in the 1960s and 1970s.And even though it is impossible for Ted Cruz to be this serial killer since he was born in 1970, apparently a growing number of people are beginning to believe it anyway.The issue is even important enough that Public Policy Polling asked Florida voters in a survey if they think Ted Cruz is the Zodiac Killer or not. And here s where the hilarity begins.According to the PPP poll, nearly 40 percent of Florida voters think Ted Cruz might be the Zodiac Killer,with 10 percent actually saying he is the Zodiac Killer and 28 percent saying they aren t sure.Here s a screenshot of the question and results.Yes, Floridians actually believe it is possible that Ted Cruz is the Zodiac Killer, and thus far, the Texas Senator has neither confirmed nor denied that he is the infamous murderer.But presents Cruz with an enigma to solve. With the Florida Republican Primary scheduled for March 15th, Cruz has to figure out how to convince nearly 40 percent of voters in the state that he isn t a creepy guy who stabs canoodling young couples to death.However, there is another good thing coming out of this Ted Cruz conspiracy theory beyond making us laugh out loud.As it turns out, Texas man is selling  Ted Cruz Was The Zodiac Killer  t-shirts to help women pay for abortions in the state, and so far, he is selling them fast which is allowing him to donate $35,000 to West Fund, which helps low-income women get the abortion they need.This is a story that really does keep on giving.Featured Image: Flickr",0
7851, ‘Pro-Life’ Republican Blocks Food For Children,"Meet Rep. Robert Aderholt (R-AL). He s a Jesus-lovin  Christian that supports massive military spending while simultaneously opposing feeding hungry children.No, seriously. It s too expensive to spend $1.2 billion a year to feed 20 million kids but the $600 billion a year on war is A-OK with him: The administration knows their proposal to expand this program to the tune of $12 billion over 10 years is simply not feasible in this budget climate and through the annual appropriations process,  Aderholt said.The summer food benefits program is designed to fill a food gap for children who rely on free- and reduced-price school meals for much of their nutrition. After small pilot programs in a handful of states over the past four years, administrators are confident that even a $45 monthly benefit during the summer months can reduce severe food insecurity among low-income children by 30 percent. A nationwide program would benefit 20 million children each summer once fully operational, according to White House estimates.It gets worse. Not only does the program have bipartisan support, Aderholt is literally the only person blocking it.Just to make clear what a total dick move this is, Aderholt is staunchly amti-abortion and a strong believer in the  sanctity of life.  Unless, apparently, that life is out of the uterus and needs food. Then Aderholt is just fine with letting them go hungry. ThinkProgress has a comprehensive explanation of why feeding hungry kids now should be society s top priority as well as more of Aderholt s hypocrisy here.Only a Republican could single-handedly block feeding 20 million children suffering from food insecurity and still, with a straight face, claim to be  pro-life. On the other hand, Aderholt has explicitly opposed trimming the bloated military budget to pay for  uncontrolled domestic program spending.  So uncontrolled spending on bombs is good but uncontrolled spending on food for the poor is bad.Republican Jesus must be so proud.Featured image via Sodahead",0
7852, Sanders Supporters Need To Be Aware Of This Obstacle If They Want To Make Sure Their Vote Gets Counted,"If you re a college-age Bernie Sanders supporter, it looks like the Primary schedules were designed to screw with you. They re going to fall right in Spring Break. So, if you don t want to be done over by the establishment, it s time to get over this obstacle.The conservative media is already licking it s lips with the prospect that our young Americans are, in their opinion, too stupid and feckless to turn out for Bernie.  As The Daily Caller puts it:Many college students will be too busy drinking and partying on spring break to vote for Sen. Bernie Sanders in March, just as his presidential campaign gears up for a series of crucial Democratic primaries in their states.",0
7853, This Church Treasurer Is Going To Jail For A Crime Spree That Blows The Lie Of ‘Christian Morality’ Apart (VIDEO),"A church treasurer from Ohio is going to jail for five years after blowing $800,000 of church funds on a decade-long drugs and sex rampage. So much for that  Christian Morality  that Evangelicals argue makes them better than people of other faiths and none.61-year-old Garry Meyer was the trusted treasurer of Tri-County Baptist Church in West Chester Township, Ohio for 14 years. What his church did not know, is that he was actually cooking the books, spending nearly a million dollars of church money on drugs, lavish holidays, expensive cars, pornography and  high end  escorts for more than a decade.While maintaining the pretense of a god-fearing, responsible, married father, Meyer lived a rock star lifestyle on the side   and his church community picked up the tab.But, sadly for Meyer, his wife uncovered the crime. Under pressure, he made a confession to the church. The only problem was, he  confessed  to stealing $400,000. Once the full investigation was complete, Meyer was exposed as a liar all over again. The full sum stolen was twice that figure.Meyer s wife sobbed in the courtroom as her husband s exploits were exposed, and he was sentenced to five years in prison. He told the court: There is no excuse for my actions, I also want to say I am sorry to my family. I have caused unimaginable hurt and suffering, Turning to his wife, Meyer said: I am sorry for betraying your trust   you have always been the best part of my life. Meyer stole nearly a million dollars from his own congregation in order to fund a lifestyle to which his church is supposed to stand opposed. Also speaking at Meyer s sentancing hearing was colleague Pastor Brian McManus, who said: Our church family has continued to pray for everyone involved in this very sad event. The truth is, our life choices always come down to personal   not religious   morality. A person bent on making the wrong decisions in life, will do so with or without the bible. This lesson is everywhere   from child-abusing priests, to chumps like Garry Meyer, and on to so-called Christian Conservative leaders who lay the sin of wrath upon anyone who fails to follow their warped Ayn Randian version of God.Featured image via video screen capture",0
7854, Racist Republican Governor Makes April Official ‘Confederate Heritage Month’,"Anyone with any sense of history realizes that the Confederate States of America and those who supported them were traitors who should have been in jail for treason. Educated people also know that the Confederate flag, and honoring events from the Confederacy is largely seen as racist, and with good reason. However, none of this has stopped Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant ( R-Of course) from declaring, through an official proclamation, that the month of April is now  Confederate Heritage Month.  He chose the month of April, because, according to him, it is the time of year in which the Confederate States began and ended a four-year struggle.  Bryant says in his official proclamation: It is important for all Americans to reflect open our nation s past, to gain insight from our mistakes and successes, and to come to a full understanding that the lessons learned yesterday and today will carry us through tomorrow if we carefully and earnestly strive to understand and appreciate our heritage and our opportunities which lie before us. Here is an image of the proclamation, courtesy of NY Daily News/Facebook:Yes, reflection is important Governor Bryant. However, what you are doing is not reflecting. You are celebrating treasonous slave owners, celebrating what is arguably the darkest time in American history. That is nothing to be celebrated. You can teach history, even ugly history, without celebrating it with nostalgia and making it out to be something good.Then again, Gov. Bryant likely does not understand any of this, seeing as this proclamation, inspired by the very racist, pro-Confederacy group Sons of Confederate Veterans. Bryant also said if those who fought for the south during the Civil War: The citizen-soldiers who fought for the Confederacy personified the best qualities of America. The preservation of liberty and freedom was the motivating factor in the South s decision to fight the Second American Revolution. Calling the Civil War the  Second American Revolution  is problematic enough in and of itself, but to refer to Confederate traitors as people who  personified the best qualities of America  is truly beyond the pale. This man has no business running a state, or being in any position of power whatsoever. Time to step down, Governor Bryant. You are a disgrace to this country and to the office you hold.Featured image via Phil Bryant Facebook",0
7855, Despondent Lindsey Graham Turns On Republicans: ‘My Party Has Gone Batsh*t Crazy’,"Senator Lindsey Graham was asked to speak at a Washington Press Club Foundation s dinner and things quickly spiraled out of control.The night is typically filled with good-natured ribbing, some polite laughter and friendly banter, but apparently nobody explained that to Graham. Instead, the one-time presidential hopeful went dark with his material. Like  What if Ted Cruz was murdered ha ha!  dark. It was surreal.Sen Graham at the #WPCFDinner: ""If you kill Ted Cruz on the floor of the Senate, and the trial is at the Senate, no one will convict you.""  Frank Thorp V (@frankthorpNBC) February 26, 2016This is not to be confused with Donald Trump who has joked several times that he could kill someone in broad daylight and his supporters wouldn t care. Let s hope Graham and Trump never put their heads together.Besides speculating that Ted Cruz is so loathed in Washington that nobody would care if he were killed on the floor the Senate, Graham also donned a  Make America Great Again  trucker hat and took potshots at the current Republican candidates. He made  Rubio is thirsty  jokes and  Ben Carson tried to stab his cousin  jokes. He got serious and slammed Donald Trump, a man he clearly hates miles above the rest.Happening now at the #WPCFDinner, Sen Graham in a ""Make America Great Again"" hat: pic.twitter.com/RZgRwu9NUp  Frank Thorp V (@frankthorpNBC) February 26, 2016Which brought him to his conclusion, one that many of us had reached long, long ago: The Republican Party is collapsing and the clowns driving it off of a cliff are nuts.Sen Graham (R-SC) at the #WPCFDinner: ""My party has gone batshit crazy ""  Frank Thorp V (@frankthorpNBC) February 26, 2016Why is Graham torching his own party now? It could be because Graham was a big-time Jeb Bush backer. The one-time promising candidate suspended his campaign following yet another crushing primary defeat. With his friend Jeb out, the options left to choose from give new meaning to the phrase  Pick your poison.  To a man they are unqualified, hate-fueled, and dishonest even by Washington standards. Graham may simply be experiencing a very public bout of the kind of depression one gets when he or she realizes one half of the country has no clue what it s doing   but might win anyway.But lest you think Graham has gone liberal, don t worry. He closed with a gross birther joke.Sen Graham: ""But I will say that our Canadian is better than your Kenyan.""  Frank Thorp V (@frankthorpNBC) February 26, 2016Lindsey Graham, please get help.Featured image via Jennifer Bendery/Twitter",0
7856," Here’s The GOP Debate In A Nutshell, And It’s An Absolute Clusterf*ck (VIDEO)","It s time to get absolutely real about something   the Republican party, in all legitimacy, has absolutely no one serious to run for president. While the Democrats are sitting with two extremely competent and viable choices, either of which would be great, the Republicans are left with the side-show of circus that isn t even capable of selling tickets. Let s be real   no one wants them. They re all nincompoops. People are just voting for them because, A.) they re nincompoops too, or B.) they just don t know what else to do.Here you have these men, vying for the most coveted position in all the world, and we d be lucky if we could even witness them tie their own shoe laces. They argue with each other like pre-schoolers fighting over toys in the sandbox. Trump even called Cruz a  basket case.  Which sure, he is, but that is neither here nor there. Watching these men go at it is no better than watching a cockfight. You re literally waiting for them to just whip it out and lay it on the table to measure. That s sincerely what it looks as though it s come to.And if you need further proof, just watch here:// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;#GOPDebate In A NutshellIn case you couldn t watch the laughable mess that was the GOP debate, here s the clip that really showcases what it came down to. Do ANY of them seem presidential? Let us know your thoughts in the comments. Want to make it extra fun? Tag your favorite Republican friend and ask them to explain this.Like Americans Against The Republican Party for more!Posted by Americans Against The Republican Party on Thursday, February 25, 2016Featured image: screen capture",0
7857, WTF: Ted Cruz Tried To Block Aid To Flint Before Backlash Forced His Hand,"A federal aid package was all set to pass the Republican-controlled Senate, and then Ted Cruz blocked it to show how much he hates Michigan, clean water, and human decency.The city of Flint, Michigan has been dealing with a poisoned water crisis since 2014 when Republicans switched the source of the city s drinking water from Lake Huron to the polluted Flint River.Ten people have already died from Legionnaires disease and children across the community face serious neurological issues as they grow up due to high levels of lead in the water.The man-made disaster could have been avoided since it has been public knowledge for decades that the river water is unsafe for human consumption, but Governor Rick Snyder and his cronies thought they could save a buck by switching to it anyway. And now they have a catastrophe that could cost billions of dollars to fix.And the federal government was incredibly close to chipping in much needed aid when all of a sudden Texas Senator Ted Cruz decided that the people of Flint can wait until he really studies the bill closely before they get a dime.So he placed a hold on the bill, which is pretty damn ballsy or stupid considering the Michigan GOP Primary in on March 8th and Cruz is in a serious fight for his political life with Donald Trump. Not a very smart move for a man who s going to be in a primary in Michigan on March 8,  Michigan Senator Debbie Stabenow.  And in Michigan this is a hugely bipartisan nonpartisan issue that everybody cares about. Perhaps sensing that he was committing political suicide by looking like a total dick, Cruz quickly removed the hold on the bill and let it move forward.But it s just another example of why Ted Cruz should not be allowed to become president. As president, he could block any emergency disaster relief bill he wants. Plus, at a time when Americans are sick and tired of partisan bullshit in the Senate, Ted Cruz demonstrated during this particular bipartisan support of a serious problem that he s the only one who is obstructing.This legislation already had broad bipartisan support so there was no reason for Ted Cruz to hold it up beyond him just wanting attention from all the conservatives who support blocking anything and everything that might improve something in this country.Cruz eventually did the right thing, but he should never have put a hold on the bill in the first place, especially at a time when most Americans already see him as the top asshole in the presidential race.Featured Image: Flickr",0
7858, Trump’s Klan Endorsement Generates Epic Newspaper Front Page (IMAGE)," The NY Daily News, one of the tabloid newspapers that also happens to be a hometown publication for Donald Trump, has produced another cover mocking the fascist billionaire.Appearing on the front of Friday s newspaper is a Ku Klux Klansman in full dress, announcing an endorsement of Trump s presidential career.An early look at tomorrow's front page:TRUMP FOR PREZ   Ex-KKK leader: Donald just like us! https://t.co/kVep9MWIZz pic.twitter.com/ls4iIFxlsn  New York Daily News (@NYDailyNews) February 26, 2016The cover is a reference to the announcement from infamous former KKK leader David Duke that he is fully backing Trump s campaign. Duke told listeners to his underground radio show that it is the duty of white supremacists to vote for the current Republican presidential front runner. Voting for these people, voting against Donald Trump at this point, is really treason to your heritage,  Duke said on the David Duke Radio Program. BuzzFeed News first reported the comments. I m not saying I endorse everything about Trump. In fact, I haven t formally endorsed him. But I do support his candidacy, and I support voting for him as a strategic action. I hope he does everything we hope he will do. Duke also told his fellow white supremacists that they need to go out and volunteer for Trump, noting: And I am telling you that it is your job now to get active. Get off your duff. Get off your rear end that s getting fatter and fatter for many of you everyday on your chairs. When this show s over, go out, call the Republican Party, but call Donald Trump s headquarters, volunteer. Trump has consistently appealed to bigotry in his campaign. He first launched his effort by calling Mexicans rapists, then proceeded to advocate for registering Muslims and barring them from entering the United States. Trump himself has also been caught several times using his Twitter account to amplify the messages of white supremacists and other racists, who are loudly backing his campaign online and attacking his critics.Featured image via Flickr",0
7859, SC Woman Dies Of Thirst In Jail After Cops Yank Her Out Of Hospital Over Outstanding Court Fines,"Joyce Curnell s family has been destroyed by South Carolina law enforcement after she was forced to spend 27 hours of pure torture in a jail before being murdered by the state. I say murdered because what she was subjected to is nothing short of an execution.Curnell had gone to the hospital for stomach pain that was diagnosed as gastroenteritis. That, aside from the several other medical conditions she had, put her in a severe state of illness. Somehow, it got out that she had an arrest warrant over unpaid court fees while she was in the hospital. State officials dragged her off to a jail while she was in a severely fragile state of health. While in the jail, she underwent the cruelest and  most unusual punishment imaginable.After being locked in a cell, her health started to deteriorate rapidly. She became so ill she couldn t eat, drink, or even call for help. Jail officials asked for medical staff to help her, but their requests went ignored. She couldn t even make it to the bathroom on her own. The fact she was vomiting all night didn t phase medical officials, and she was given just a trash bag to vomit into as she lay suffering.27 hours later, Joyce Curnell was dead because of a combination of draconian policing and wanton cruelty.Joyce s death could have been prevented with a simple treatment of IV hydration. Doctors recommended this as she was removed from the hospital, but jail medical staff ignored their recommendations. Instead of being allowed to remain in the jail s medical facility, she was put in general housing and no treatment was given as her life slipped away.Joyce s rights were denied her under both the Bill of Rights, and South Carolina state law, and it resulted in her death. Medical experts have said that her death was caused by dehydration from her inability to drink water and the denial of one of the simplest medical treatments that exist.Curnell s family is planning to sue the jail s medical contractor, Carolina Center for Occupational Health, for malpractice. The filing included the statements of a local doctor that said Curnell s death was caused by dehydration due to a lack of treatment.Featured image via death and taxes",0
7860, Trump Gets ANNIHILATED On Immigration At GOP Debate In Must-See Video (VIDEO),"For months, a debate has raged: Is 2016 hopeful Marco Rubio a robot, or isn t he? Thursday s GOP debate might prove once and for all that we were wrong about Rubio. It s unclear what happened   maybe someone upgraded his operating system or maybe, just maybe, he is a flesh-and-blood person. But whatever he is, the Florida Senator wiped the floor with The Donald in a must-see catfight.It s unclear what got into Rubio. Maybe someone installed Windows 10. Maybe he got a good night s rest for once. Perhaps one of his supporters shared their crack pipe. We ll never know.  In any case, Rubio was on fire during a surprisingly animated catfight with the billionaire bankruptcy expert (To be clear, he didn t blow a fuse; this was meant figuratively).During a discussion regarding Trump s promised Wall (with a capital  W ) that will now be 10 feet taller thanks to a brilliant  f*ck you  from former President of Mexico, Vicente Fox, Rubio unleashed his inner something: If he builds his wall like he built Trump Tower, he will be using illegal immigrant labor to do it. After the two rambled simultaneously for a while, Rubio s CPU (or adrenaline) kicked into overdrive, he dropped the hammer: Here s a guy who inherited 200 million dollars. If he hadn t inherited $200 million, you know where he d be right now? Selling watches in Midtown. We won t spoil the rest of it for you. This is one of those things that you have to see for yourself, which you can do below:(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Trump Gets WRECKED For American Jobs HypocrisyDonald Trump got destroyed at the #GOPDebate by RoboRubio over this   looks like somebody on Rubio's campaign finally updated him to Windows 10.Posted by Americans Against The Republican Party on Thursday, February 25, 2016Featured image via screen capture",0
7861, Remember When Bernie Sanders Was Literally Slapped In The Face By The Establishment? (VIDEO),"During the 1988 Democratic Presidential Primaries, Rev. Jesse Jackson emerged as an outside viable contender for the Democratic Party nomination against establishment backed Massachusetts Governor Michael Dukakis. An ardent supporter of Rev. Jesse Jackson s presidential bid was Bernie Sanders, who was mayor of Burlington, Vermont at the time.During a Democratic Caucus in Burlington, Sanders gave a speech in support of Jackson while many Democrats in the room turned their backs as he spoke, and one woman actually slapped him in the face as Sanders walked off stage. Sanders helped Rev. Jackson win Vermont against Dukakis by one delegate in 1988. Although Dukakis would later win the Democratic presidential nomination, Rev. Jackson made it closer than any black person before to becoming president. Bernie Sanders was one of the few elected officials at the time to cross the color line and openly endorse Rev. Jackson over Mike Dukakis. His speech in support of Rev. Jackson had many parallels to his speeches along his own campaign trail, such as one of his signature sayings:  enough is enough. Sanders also praised Rev. Jackson for bringing together disenfranchised voters, and focusing on issues such as wealth inequality and racial injustice. Jackson s 1988 campaign platform closely resembles Sanders  current campaign platform. Dr. Cornel West, who has been campaigning on behalf of Senator Sanders for several months and worked for both of Rev. Jackson s presidential campaigns, likened Sanders as an insurgent on par with Jesse Jackson, but even more progressive for Sanders  criticisms of Wall Street are more direct. Jesse Jackson is a serious candidate for the presidency. He was always serious; it was just that the political scientists and the other politicians who belittled his campaign, trivialized his efforts. and disdained his prospects. Despite the contempt and condescension of the media   or perhaps because of it-Jackson went to the most remote and isolated grass roots in the American social landscape to find the strength for a campaign that has already begun to transform politics, wrote the editorial board of the publication, The Nation, in its 1988 endorsement of Jesse Jackson for president.  For five years his distance from the funders, the managers, the mediators and the consultants who manipulate the Democratic Party and legitimize its candidates has allowed Jackson to do unimaginable things and say unspeakable words   about race, about class, about equality and, indeed, about democracy. To an extent that may be unique in presidential elections in this century, he derives his power from the people. Nearly two decades later, not much has changed in that the issues brought to the national spotlight by Jesse Jackson have yet to be adequately addressed by the Democratic party in a meaningful way, and are rarely ever mentioned in the Republican Party at all.Bernie Sanders  campaign provides hope that those inadequacies may be resolved if he wins. Galvanized by his demands for economic and social justice, hundreds of thousands of Americans have packed his rallies, and over 1 million small donors have helped his campaign shatter fund-raising records while breaking the stranglehold of corporate money,  wrote the editorial board of The Nation in its 2016 endorsement of Sanders for president.  Sanders s clarion call for fundamental reform single-payer healthcare, tuition-free college, a $15-an-hour minimum wage, the breaking up of the big banks, ensuring that the rich pay their fair share of taxes has inspired working people across the country. The relationship between Bernie Sanders and Rev. Jesse Jackson has started to become more public in response to criticisms from Hillary Clinton supporters that Sanders would somehow be less effective in fighting for civil rights and racial justice. Clinton s lead in South Carolina is dependent on maintaining her support with the black community, who make up about half of Democratic voters in the state, but that relationship was somewhat strained after her loss there in 2008 was cited by her husband, Bill Clinton, as due to Barack Obama being another black candidate like Jesse Jackson, who won the state in 2008.In an interview with the Hill, Rev. Jesse Jackson said he had no plans to endorse any Democratic presidential candidate, as he has a history of working with both Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton. An endorsement would also likely have negative implications regarding support for his Rainbow/PUSH Coalition.Despite his neutrality, Jackson did defend Bernie Sanders from criticism over his civil rights record recently in an interview with the Daily Caller: Bernie was fighting back in Chicago not in the deep-south   in affordable housing struggles in Chicago,  Jackson said.  The movement was so broad based. There were civil rights leaders in Chicago. Jackson referred to a smear tactic employed by journalists and media sensationalists to skew a response from civil rights hero, Congressman John Lewis (D-GA). Rep. Lewis responded to a reporter s inquiry that he never saw or met Bernie Sanders during the civil rights movement, but the response was taken out of context to infer Lewis suggested Bernie Sanders was not involved in the civil rights movement or was exaggerating his involvement. Having heard Rep. Lewis speak a few months ago and interviewing him in person afterwards, I knew an accusation or character attack of that nature from the congressman was highly unlikely. Congressman Lewis clarified the remarks were not meant to be taken as any sort of criticism or allegations. Featured image via Flickr",0
7862, Big Banks Fleeced The Working Poor Out Of $11.16 Billion In 2015,"If you are or ever have been a member of the working poor, you have probably been screwed over by your bank. Maybe you were out of gas or milk or needed medicine and you didn t have enough money in your account, but you really, really needed something so you swiped your debit card and were hit with an overdraft fee   you are not alone. Millions of Americans are charged these fees, usually about $35 (in my experience). So many people are hit with these fees that they are very profitable for big banks. A new report has found that financial institutions made more than eleven billion dollars from these fees in 2015, alone.The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB)   established by Senator Elizabeth Warren in 2010   issued the report and found that 594 banks (worth more than $1 billion) fleeced the American people out of $11.16 billion last year.Some of the highlights the CFPB reported about overdraft and nonsufficient funds fees:Overdraft fees are one of the most predatory practices of big banks. Many of you have probably been hit by a bunch of overdraft fees at once. Say you go to the store and you buy that gallon of milk, but other transactions haven t cleared in your account yet. That gallon of milk may cause you to incur multiple overdraft fees because the banks use  fee-harvesting  software that reorganizes your transactions so that they can charge you multiple times.These shady practices are one of the reasons banks are now required to disclose their overdraft fee profits. Elizabeth Warren had a big role in these new rules because of her crusade to save the middle class and the working poor from Wall Street s love of exorbitant consumer fees. In 2012 Warren said: People enroll in overdraft programs to avoid bouncing checks, but too many of them get stuck owing hundreds of dollars in unexpected fees for services they never wanted and didn t know they had,  said Warren, one of the nation s experts on bankruptcy and consumer credit.   The new consumer agency is heading in the right direction to make sure that people have the tools and information they need to avoid these traps. The establishment of the CFPB has helped, in 2012 banks made three times as much ($32 billion) in fees from customers. But for the working class families who are struggling to survive, it s still not enough. We need real reform and banks because it is a huge problem when Wall Street s business model is  rob as many families as we possibly can. Featured image via Flickr",0
7863, Former Mexican President Crushes Trump’s Dreams: We’re ‘Not Paying For That F*cking Wall’ (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s hopes and dreams of building a  big, beautiful wall  along our Southern border sound great to the  poorly educated  people he credits with his success. But, unfortunately for them, reality is a thing. In an interview with Jorge Ramos on Thursday, former Mexican President Vicente Fox made it very clear that The Donald would not be building any wall with Mexico s money, no matter how many promises he makes to the methamphetamine-fueled, mindless droves of subhuman, unwashed vermin who back him.Recently, the Trump campaign touted his  support  among Hispanics in Nevada, failing to mention that the  46 percent  of Hispanics he attracted only included GOP voters   in other words, a group of people science says is lacking in the  smarts  department.  Since there were only 125 people who identified as Latino in the state, and the exit poll had a margin of error of 10% because of the tiny sample size, the reality is that a meaningless number of Hispanic people actually support Trump. I d like to know who those Hispanics are,  Fox said of Trump s inflated number, urging even those individuals to  open their eyes : Please, you Hispanics, Latinos in the U.S., open your eyes. It s not to defend our race. Not to defend our creed. It s to defend this very same nation that is hosting you. This nation is going to fail if it goes into the hands of a crazy guy. As for the wall, Fox made it very clear that he nor anyone from Mexico will be paying for Trump s signature policy symbol:Fox is not the first former Mexican leader to speak out against Trump s hatred. Earlier this month, former President Felipe Calderon told Trump where to stick it: We are not going to pay any single cent for such a stupid wall! And it s going to be completely useless. No offense, no offense to America. So Donald Trump   is ambitious but not exactly very well-informed man, I don t want to say ignorant, but he is not very well informed. Naturally, after having a SECOND leader from our neighbor to the South inform him that his  make Mexico pay for the wall  idea isn t going to pan out, Trump is a little angry. Taking to Twitter, The Donald demanded that Fox apologize for hurting his wall s feelings.FMR PRES of Mexico, Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 25, 2016It s pretty clear that Trump isn t going to get to build his wall   at least not with Mexico, money. It s up to the rest of us to ensure that he doesn t find himself in a position that it becomes a serious possibility.Watch the interview below:Featured image via screengrab",0
7864, Democrats Just Did Something Amazing To Help End The World’s Biggest Evil,"On Wednesday, President Obama signed a bill that will have a major impact on the worldwide slave labor. Most items that are produced from forced labor are banned from being imported into the United States. However, due to a small provision in the tariff Act of 1930 some goods produced from slavery have been allowed been exempted from the ban.Goods that are not produced in a high enough quantity in the US are exempt from the force labor ban. Things like chocolate, rubber, and even shrimp are some of the major imports that are produced from slave labor. According to Reuters, Gil Kerlikowske, commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, said: The mere deterrent effect of closing this loophole is a great step forward. We re going to make sure that is heavily noted throughout the world. Sen. Sherrod Brown, a Democrat (of course) from Ohio is the one who introduced the amendment to end the exemption. It s embarrassing that for 85 years, the United States let products made with forced labor into this country, and closing this loophole gives the U.S. an important tool to fight global slavery,  Brown said.Slavery is banned all across the globe. That being said, the number of people living in slavery is at an all-time historical high. Right now there are an estimated 30 million people who are living as slaves. That s an alarming figure. The nation with the highest number of people held in slavery is Mauritania. Research has shown that as much as 10% of Mauritania s population is enslaved. They were also the last nation on Earth to officially outlaw slavery, holding out until 1981.The Global Slavery Index estimates that there 60k slaves in the United States. It should be mentioned that there are some criticisms of the GSI worth keeping in mind. Slavery Footprint is an excellent online tool that lets people get an idea of what items they have been purchasing come from slave labor. You can use it to get a better sense of what items you may have been using that may have come from slave labor. Thanks to this legislation, many of those items will no longer be allowed into the US if they come from slave labor.Featured image from The White House [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons",0
7865," Company Drops Gloria Steinem After Bullied By Pro-Lifers, Apologizes For Pushing Women’s Rights","You d think that in the year 2016, companies would no longer be bullied by those who advocate for fewer rights for women, but to the contrary, Lands  End has just proved that simply not to be the case.The company recently featured legendary women s rights advocate and feminist Gloria Steinem in their catalog and on their website for their  Legend Series  featuring individuals who have made a difference in both their respective industries and the world at large.  However, many anti-choice advocates were not amused by Lands  End promoting someone who pushes for women to have control over their own bodies. They were, quite literally, bullied into ending their relationship with Steinem.One pro-lifer commented on the Lands  End Facebook page: Those of us who love family, love children, are completely puzzled why you would promote a very vocal pro abortion celebrity. Is this who you are LandsEnd? Are you anti-child? You want to kill off possible future customers? Is this your message to those of us who give their very lives to feed, love and clothe our children, some of these children who also live with special needs? Clearly not, and whoa, what a devious guilt trip, but upon their threat of boycott and shipping everything Lands  End back, the company took no chances and succumbed to the harassment and gave in to the bullying. Apparently, a Catholic school also threatened to end their relationship with the company as their uniform supplier as well.Here s Lands  End official statement: We understand that some of our customers were offended by the inclusion of an interview in a recent catalog with Gloria Steinem on her quest for women s equality. We thought it was a good idea and we heard from our customers that, for different reasons, it wasn t. For that, we sincerely apologize. Our goal was to feature individuals with different interests and backgrounds that have made a difference for our new Legends Series, not to take any political or religious stance. They literally just said, We thought it was a good idea  to feature someone who stood for women s equality, but it wasn t, and we apologize.Way to stand with women, Lands  End. Sure, you may have lost a few religious zealots, but you could have gained a hell of a lot more back in those who admire your courage to uphold a woman s right over her own body and be equal amongst her peers in society.Here s the thing:  Lands  End is still going to lose customers, but this time from people who stand with women s rights, which is the majority of America.Featured image via Flickr",0
7866, Republicans Get Skewered On Twitter After Hilarious #GOPMovies Hashtag Goes Viral (TWEETS/VIDEO),"The Republican party has become the butt of nearly every single political joke, and they have only themselves to blame for turning the GOP into a laughing-stock. With the ridiculous antics of the party s presidential candidates and politicians, there isn t a day that goes by that conservatives aren t making Americans shake their heads in either shame or disbelief.Comedy Central s late-night show  @midnight  decided to have fun with the GOP by challenging Americans to come up with new titles for classic movies, but with a Republican spin. Using the #hashtagwars segment of the show, host Chris Hardwick asked his guests to come up with new GOP-related movie titles on the spot, and it was absolutely hilarious. You can watch the segment below:Here were some of the highlights:TwitterTwitterTwitterThe #GOPMovies hashtag produced so many comedic results, that Comedy Central encouraged Twitter users to join in on ripping Republicans. The network tweeted:  For all we know, #GOPMovies are our future! Check out these examples and give us your own! Twitter was more than happy to oblige. According to social media analytics firm Zoomph, the #GOPMovies hashtag was tweeted out approximately 20 times per minute as users scrambled to capture the Republican party s racism, bigotry and all-around hateful rhetoric in their revamped movie titles. Hardwick even joined in with his own:  Saving Paul Ryan    a jab the speaker of the House of Representatives.Here are some of the other amazing responses:TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterDonald Trump was also a major topic in #GOPMovies. Just the front-runner s hair alone got a lot of responses:TwitterTwitterSo did Trump s skin:TwitterAnd his anger issues:TwitterTwitterSeriously, Trump could have gotten his own hashtag. Many Twitter users also took aim at the front-runner s other antics, including his promise to  build a great wall , his 1% status and his alliance with Sarah Palin.TwitterTwitterTwitterThe Republican party s war on women was also a major point of discussion:TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterAs was the GOP s obsession with being racist and hurting minorities:TwitterTwitterAll of the responses were amazing, but this tweet pretty much summed #GOPMovies up for everyone:Twitter#GOPMovies marks the second time that Comedy Central has taken a major jab at Republicans in the last few months. Last year, Hardwick and Comedy Central hit back at the GOP with the hashtag #GOPSongs right before the Dec. 15th GOP debate in Las Vegas. Just like #GOPMovies, it went viral, proving that Americans don t even take Republicans seriously anymore.One thing is for sure   these tweets deserve an award for perfectly capturing how awful and depressing the GOP is while making us laugh.Featured image is a screenshot",0
7867, Racist High Schoolers Chant ‘Trump! Trump! USA!’ At Racially Diverse Basketball Team (VIDEO),"It s becoming clearer and clearer that an America under a Donald Trump presidency would be racist and nasty. After seven years of an African-American president it seems all racists everywhere have come out from hiding, and now Trump is making them think its okay to be as horrible as they want to be.There s no greater example of this than in a recent story where an opposing high school basketball teams  fans starting chanting  Trump! Trump! Trump!  and  USA!  at the home teams  players who happen to be very diverse, with players who are Latino, Native American, and African-American. Trump!  seems to now be synonymous with  white pride! Perry, Iowa is a small town, but very diverse. Their high school principal, Dan Marburger, describes the school as,  really more of an urban school in a rural setting. Here at the high school, we are 48 percent minority.  And they embrace the diversity with open arms. Unfortunately, not everyone who visits the school for sporting events feels the same way.The visiting basketball team from Dallas Center-Grimes apparently brought a long with them their fans who seem to hold Donald Trump s hatred of immigrants and really anyone who isn t white.Unfortunately, these sort of chants aren t new to the players of Perry High School. Senior Shammond Ivory said: It s honestly disrespectful. That s how I take it. I hear it during the game, on and off the court. Everywhere I go.  However, he takes what he hears and turns it around, saying  as soon as I hear something like that, it just triggers me and it makes me strive for more and to do it for my team, coaches and my community. With the acceptance of Trump as a legitimate candidate for President of the United States knowing how openly racist not only his rallies are, but he is himself, we as a nation need to prepare ourselves for more and more racists thinking it s okay to be assholes. We, as a nation, need to make sure he gets nowhere near the Oval Office.Watch WHO s report of the story here:Featured image via screen capture",0
7868," Republican Cop GOES OFF On The GOP, Slams Them For Being ‘Hypocrites’ And ‘Idiots’ (VIDEO)","Anyone following the current election has every right to be absolutely disgusted with the Republican party and the behavior of its candidates. Even more conservative Americans are coming around to the fact that the GOP hasn t been doing its part and is actually worsening the country while embarrassing us all.On Tuesday, Republican Sheriff Newell Normand had a moment of clarity during the Metropolitan Crime Commission s annual awards luncheon in Louisiana. Normand is a Republican himself, but he couldn t hold back his disappointment in the party when he slammed the GOP s elected officials and the state s former Governor, Bobby Jindal, in his speech.According to Normand, Jindal was a complete fool who made a mess of Louisiana s finances and was more like a cult leader than a governor. Admitting that he had once  endorsed that idiot , Normand was left disappointed and regretted standing behind Jindal once he was governor and left Louisiana in shambles. The enraged cop entertained the audience by calling Jindal out: What a mess. Bobby Jindal was a better cult leader than Jim Jones.  We drank the elixir for eight years, we remained in a conscious state, we walked to the edge of the cliff, we jumped off and he watched us. And guess what? Unlike Jim Jones, he did not swallow the poison. What a shame. Normand also accused Jindal of attempting to rewrite history by using social media to reframe his handling of the budget, even when the rest of the state doesn t  even know what history is.  Currently, Louisiana is facing a hefty budget shortfall of $2.5 billion, but Jindal is bragging on Twitter about what a great job he did as governor. Normand isn t having it. He said: We have to just say no! I m a Republican but I m not a hypocrite. We have to look at ourselves critically as a party and figure out where we are and what we re going to be about. Thanks to Jindal, the state is trying to fix is budget problems by cutting funding to mental health and closing several state prisons   all which initiatives will cause issues for law enforcement. Suggesting that Republicans stop attacking and actually start working on solutions, Normand noted that a Medicaid expansion would take care of costs like mental health and drug addiction. The frustrated sheriff slammed conservatives once more, telling them to actually get to work instead of blaming Obama for the country s woes: And I have to listen to my Republican counterparts talk about gobbledigook. Blah, blah blah  And I m so sick and tired of hearing: Obama, Obama, Obama. You know how much intellect it takes to blame something on somebody else? This much!  (Normand held his hand up to signal  zero ) Propose a solution. Work together. You can watch Normand s impassioned speech below. It s something that every Republican should hear.FOX 8 WVUE New Orleans News, Weather, Sports, SocialFeatured image is a screenshot",0
7869, See Who Sarah Palin Just Compared Donald Trump To – It Will Make You Queasy (IMAGE),"Seldom in life do you come across someone so dumb that they literally make you cringe, but alas, Sarah Palin is one of those people. And if her general presence doesn t make you cringe then hearing her speak will, but if that still doesn t do it to you, just wait until you hear what she has to say.In her latest bout of idiocy, she took to her favorite pastime of posting on Facebook for her imbecilic following. What is it that she posted this time? Well, Palin posted an image of her new BFF Donald Trump with a quote by none other than Mahatma Gandhi. Yes, really, that Gandhi.This is the quote she used: First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win. // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ <span class=""mceItemHidden"" data-mce-bogus=""1""><span></span>&lt;span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;(function(d, s, id) {  var js, <span class=""mceItemHidden"" data-mce-bogus=""1""><span class=""hiddenSpellError"" pre="""" data-mce-bogus=""1"">fjs</span></span> = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&amp;version=v2.3"";  <span class=""hiddenSpellError"" pre="""" data-mce-bogus=""1"">fjs</span>.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', '<span class=""hiddenSpellError"" pre="""" data-mce-bogus=""1"">facebook-jssdk</span>')); // ]]&gt;Posted by Sarah Palin on Wednesday, February 24, 2016This quote has long been used by civil rights pioneers in their quest for justice and equality. For Palin to equate the bombastic and racist Trump to that of not only Gandhi, but those who have long been fighting for justice, is not only inaccurate, but outright disgusting. Trump is exactly opposite of everything Gandhi stood for.She s trying to say that no one took Trump seriously and now that he s the likely GOP nominee he may go on to win. However, what she doesn t get, is the fact that Trump, as well as herself, are still jokes not to be taken seriously. Their brand of politics is toxic not only to the GOP, but to the nation and the world. Her idiocy really knows no bounds, and by equating Trump to Gandhi she proves, yet again, how truly stupid she is.Featured image: Flickr",0
7870," Wealthy Man Passes Away, Leaves Millions To Open Ohio Animal Shelter","The news cycle has been filled with bad news lately, and it s wearing on us all. We have an income gap that keeps getting wider, a horrible reality star on his way to possibly becoming president, mass shootings, terrorist attacks and all sorts of other awful stuff that makes us shake our heads when we turn on the news. So, it s always nice when we can bring you news that will warm your hearts and make you smile   and the following story will do just that.David Robert Wetzell (known as  Bob ), of Urbana, Ohio passed away and left his entire estate to establish an Animal Welfare League in Champaign County. According to the executor of his estate, Ronald Tompkins, Wetzell left instructions for him to liquidate his estate   worth about $3 million   and build the shelter, but with very specific guidelines.Wetzell left instructions in his will for Tompkins to sell his assets and use the money to establish the shelter and purchase a secluded farm in Champaign County. It is to be used as an animal preserve, pet cemetery, dog training facility and rehabilitation home for unwanted pets.The new shelter will be modeled after Animal Welfare League of Clark County in Springfield which was established in 1959 and currently houses 90 cats and 45 dogs. Libby Adams who runs the Clark County shelter with her husband said: I know it will take a while to build up to what we have. It s not going to happen overnight. Ours took a few years to get to what we have now Bob was very fond and proud of our organization. He would come down on occasion. He was a member of our league for as long as I can remember and supported us. She said that he often told her that he wanted to open one up when he was alive, but he didn t know how to go about getting it started.Wetzell had no human family members except a few distant cousins, but he was survived by six cats, a 20-year-old parakeet, a dog and seven chickens. Tompkins kept the dog and found homes for his other pets.It is awesome that Wetzell did something like this with his estate. There are so many animals that need a home, and this sounds like it is going to be a pet paradise. I wish there were more people in the world like him. Featured image via Facebook",0
7871, Kimmel Mocks Trump And His Supporters With HILARIOUSLY Accurate Ad (VIDEO),"Donald Trump thanked his poorly educated supporters for helping him win Nevada earlier this week, thus opening himself up to the mocking he received from Jimmy Kimmel on Wednesday night.Trump proudly declared during his victory speech after capturing the Nevada caucus: We won with poorly educated! I love the poorly educated! Trump destroyed his GOP rivals by a landslide, taking just another step closer toward becoming the Republican nominee.But Jimmy Kimmel saw an opportunity to not only mock Trump, but to accurately depict his supporters at the same time.And that s why he presented a hilarious campaign ad by Poorly-Educated Americans for Trump.After playing a clip of Trump declaring his love of the poorly educated, Kimmel quipped,  They feel the same way about you. In fact, they love Trump so much that they made this ad just for him, Kimmel continued.The ad began with Trump riding an escalator down to the podium to give his announcement that he is running for president. And as he does so, the narrator says,  In dangerous times, Americans need a leader But on the screen the word is misspelled as  LEEDER,  reminiscent of the misspelled signs that Tea Party supporters have carried during rallies.The ad goes on to misspell other words as well, including  terists.  The ad then states that we need a president who will lock down the border to keep immigrants from coming from Mexico, which the poorly educated think is located where Canada is on the map.In addition, the ad praises Trump for standing up to  Lil  Kim,  in North Korea,  Voldemort Putin  in Russia, and President XI (pronounced  eleven  in the ad) in China while honoring the principles outlined in the  US Constipation  and the second commandment in which God says  Thou shalt have guns. The video concludes by identifying who paid for the ad, a Tea Party supporter with a sign that says,  Get a brain MORANS! Here s the video via YouTube.Once again, Jimmy Kimmel finds the perfect way to mock a Republican candidate. Clearly they are making it just too easy for him.Featured image via video screen capture",0
7872," Michele Bachmann Goes Full Stupid, Questions If The Poor Should Be Allowed To Vote (SCREENSHOTS)","At some point, far in the future, former Minnesota Congresswoman Michele Bachmann will learn that she probably should stop expressing her opinion on any matter more complex than  which hole does the square peg fit in?  The Tea Party superstar s relevance has fizzled out over the years, with her base either dying off or ending up in prison for one gun-related crime or another   but this relic from the Hoveround Revolution still occasionally attempts to cling to her former stardom among the uneducated masses of the nation. Question: if 45% of Americans pay no federal income taxes, should they be allowed to vote?  she asked.Naturally, anyone whose intelligence is above the level required to operate a toaster without adult supervision mocked her relentlessly:     Why don t 45.3 percent of Americans pay federal income tax? They can t afford it, of course. Americans are underpaid and undervalued as the upper class continues to find every excuse possible to cut wages and profit off of the backs of those they exploit. This, of course, doesn t mean that they pay no taxes. Everyone, including the poor, pays sales tax and a number of others.Bachmann and her Tea Party cohorts view themselves as champions of the Constitution   a document none of them, including Bachmann, have apparently read. Not only does the Constitution guarantee the right to vote, but it is the right mentioned most in the text of the Constitution   as total of five times.  The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged   is very clear: U.S. citizens get to vote, period.I know, I know, it seems crazy that people like Bachmann are able to grasp the meaning of  shall not be infringed  as the half of the Second Amendment with which they are familiar is worded, yet are incapable of grasping  shall not be denied or abridged. But there you have it.Featured image via Pinterest",0
7873, Trevor Noah Tears Ben Carson Apart For Attacking President Obama (VIDEO),"It s hard to believe that Ben Carson is a brain surgeon after the words that have come out of his mouth during his run for the Republican nomination for the presidency. Yet again, it s hard to believe the guy s running for the presidency at all. In a continuous series of stupid comments, Ben Carson has once again outdone himself. During an interview, Ben Carson claimed that President Obama was  raised white  and thus can t identify with the  experience of black America.  But, Trevor Noah of The Daily Show isn t letting him off so easily. During a segment of his show, Noah said: Like a glitched character on a video game, Ben Carson is just off facing the wrong direction. Yeah, he is not attacking Trump or the other Republicans, but rather he s chosen to attack President Obama. And it s not for his policies and it s not for his record. It s for not being black enough. So Ben Carson is saying that because Obama didn t grow up poor, he didn t grow up black. That is such a bullshit argument. Being poor isn t what makes you black. Because if it is, then there are a lot of people living in trailers in the middle of America who will be very upset to hear the news.  I m what??  But they re not black. And we know this. Because if they were, their trailers would have nicer rims. Although the segment is hilarious, Noah makes a brilliant point: Why not attack the president for his policies instead of some nonsensical measure of how black the president is or isn t?  Focusing on the issues will go a long way in lending some credibility to Ben Carson s campaign. Thus, it s no wonder that his campaign is foundering.The type of cheap talk Carson has brought to the table is similar to that of the rest of the Republican clowns running for the nomination. We shouldn t expect better.Watch the video below:Featured image via video screen capture.",0
7874, Bette Midler Goes After Mitch McConnell AGAIN In Hilarious New Tweet,"Once again, Bette Midler has taken to her Twitter account to voice a political opinion. It is widely known that the GOP has decided to block any SCOTUS nominee President Barack Obama might propose in the wake of Justice Antonin Scalia s death, and Midler, like all sane people, is none too happy about that. In fact, she is downright furious. This time, Midler has turned one of the GOP s favorite anti-liberal and anti-Democrat insults right back on them, and called House Majority Leader Mitch McConnell just what he is   if you re religious that is   the Anti   Christ. Here is the tweet:It' s official! MITCH MCCONNELL IS THE ANTICHRIST! In his latest insult to this President, he refuses to even MEET Mr Obama's SCOTUS pick!  Bette Midler (@BetteMidler) February 24, 2016This comes on the heels of even more blatant obstruction and disrespect on the part of McConnell, who has decided that he won t even trouble himself to go and say hello to any Obama SCOTUS pick. Doesn t matter who it is   the decision was Obama s, and therefore he can t stoop to the level of even putting up the pretense of caring what this person might have to say, what (s)he might be like, or what his or her credentials and qualifications might be.The Divine Ms. M then went on to say just what everyone knows the current crop of GOPers to be: criminals. She sent out another fiery tweet:These obstructionists are criminals. https://t.co/ct3hjAGSmG  Bette Midler (@BetteMidler) February 24, 2016You go, Ms. M. Too bad we can t have them all rounded up and thrown in jail where they so clearly belong.Featured image via Bette Midler Twitter",0
7875, Alabama Lawyer Laughably Files Lawsuit Against Five SCOTUS Justices For Same-Sex Marriage Ruling,"A bigoted conservative attorney in Alabama is suing the five Supreme Court Justices who voted to legalize same-sex marriage across the nation.The whining lawyer, named Austin Burdick, is after $6 million in damages because he says he can no longer do his job because the Constitution has been destroyed by Justices Anthony Kennedy, Stephen Breyer, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kegan. Defendants goes beyond a manipulation, twist, strain, or unique perspective on the text and crosses over in to an abandonment of the Constitution,  Burdick claims in the lawsuit. For centuries the Constitution has been the instrument of protection for the rights of citizens against government intrusion, specifically, since the ratification of the 14th Amendment in 1868, interpreted the plain language of the Constitution and that amendment to be a guarantee of freedom from government interference in individual liberty. Clearly, Burdick probably should not have been able to pass the bar, because his argument is ridiculous. The ruling made by the high court in Obergefell v. Hodges is the perfect demonstration of the Supreme Court ruling precisely because the Constitution protects the rights of citizens, which includes the rights of gay people. But Burdick claims the Justices rewrote the Constitution. The opinion in fact rewrites the 14th Amendment to read:  Every state must make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges and immunities of citizens of the United States; further, each state shall deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law under the guise of extending tax benefits or some other license; and any person within its jurisdiction may be deprived of the equal protection of the laws when it is fashionable to do so.' Seriously, how did this idiot get a law license?The fact is that the 14th Amendment guarantees every American citizen equal protection and due process, something that bigots like Burdick have been denying to LGBT people for decades. He is literally whining because he thinks the Constitution should allow him to discriminate against gay people.The Constitution was not rewritten and there is no reason why Burdick cannot continue to practice law, although there are reasons why he should not be allowed to do so. Suing the highest ranking judges in the nation is frivolous and a waste of the judiciary s time. The Supreme Court has the final say on what is constitutional and what is not. It says so right in the very Constitution Burdick claims has been destroyed.Burdick has apparently felt  threatened  by same-sex marriage since last May when he wrote on his website that all same-sex couples are after is benefits while claiming that same-sex couples haven t been denied anything at all.No same sex couple is prevented from proclaiming that they are committed to each other. No same sex couple is prevented from conducting a ceremony of their own choosing or design to add dignity to their relationship. No same sex couple is prevented from exchanging rings and vows. No same sex couple is prevented from endeavoring to live happily ever after. No same sex couple is prevented from referring to their partner as their  spouse.  Further, no same sex couple is prevented from announcing to the world that they are married. In fact, many of the same people who have rushed to the courthouse for a license state that they have been  married  for years.Make no mistake, this lawsuit is just another part of Burdick s temper tantrum. He claims same-sex couples already have the right the get married when in reality many states, including Alabama, banned same-sex couples from getting married before the Supreme Court ruling. In fact, Alabama is still trying to deny same-sex couples that right.Any self-respecting judge should laugh Burdick out of court since this is clearly just another desperate ploy by conservatives to keep their anti-gay hate alive. Featured image from Wikimedia",0
7876, Former Attorney General: Congress Needs To Take Another Look At Cannabis,"Marijuana legalization is on the cusp in America. There are proven medical benefits and evidence that it s more effective as a painkiller for people with chronic pain than opiates. It relieves nausea in cancer patients and stress related to PTSD. it s a nifty plant, whose commercial counterpart also offers an array of revolutionary products that are cheaper and stronger.Marijuana is here to stay. As more states move to legalize, cases will begin moving through the courts of citizens being denied their 14th Amendment right from a state where pot is a crime. In order for that to happen, however, pot has to really NOT be a crime. When you get to the federal level, it simply is. Marijuana is in the same class as cocaine and heroin, two drugs known to destroy peoples  lives with serious psychological and physical addiction.Eric Holder, former attorney general, told PBS that he thinks that is wrong. Holder said in a recently released Frontline interview: You know, we treat marijuana in the same way that we treat heroin now, and that clearly is not appropriate. So at a minimum, I think Congress needs to do that. Then I think we need to look at what happens in Colorado and what happens in Washington. What is unfortunate is that at one time, Eric Holder actually did have the power to at least initiate unilateral marijuana legalization through studies done by Health and Human Services. In the case of marijuana, there are two options to legalize:Courtesy of Brookings Yes, that means that Eric Holder had the keys to the shiny new pot plant but he never used them. He passed them on, instead, to Loretta Lynch, who has stayed out of the marijuana issue completely.No that it really matters at this point. Marijuana has far too many benefits. You re talking medicinal, production, research, retail counter. All of those things equal jobs which equal revenue. It means people doing life for a half pound of schwag can be let go. It means our upside-down legal system is going to have find something other than a little bit of pot to keep their machine running.It also takes the dealer out. Nobody needs them, their cartels, their smuggling operations   none of it. Now that pain pills have brought the war on drugs into wealthy white neighborhoods where the evolution from Oxycontin to shooting up heroin is a shocking revelation, Law enforcement and treatment professionals can focus their attention where it belongs.It seemed when the drugs were reserved for low-income and minority neighborhoods the answer was jail. Now all of a sudden it s treatment. As long as everyone benefits then so be it.Featured image from Wikipedia",0
7877, You Won’t Believe Who Scalia Spent His Final Hours With,"We all know that some in high society do some pretty creepy things. It appears that Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia may not be an exception to this rule. The Washington Post has reported that the 30 year justice spent his final hours with members of a secret society called the International Order of St. Hubertus. The organization has its origins in Austria and dates back to the 1600 s.The Post reported that Scalia was at the ranch with members of the secret society and that he had met with them on different occasions, and once previously at the same ranch where he died. The Post reports:The group, consisting of a bunch of creepy, older men, is hundreds of years old with rituals and costumes.  They opened a chapter in the US for the first time in 1968 at the famous Bohemian Grove in San Fransisco, which is apparently an elite place for holding secret society meetings and a source of controversy throughout the years of its existence.Here s  how the group describes itself on its website: The International Order of Saint Hubertus was founded in 1695 by Count Franz Anton von Sporck in what was then the Kingdom of Bohemia, then territory of the Habsburg Empire, now the modern Czech Republic. The Order was a knightly order with an emphasis on hunting and activities related to the pursuit and management of game animals. In the Middle Ages and again with the revival of interest in the forms of chivalry in Europe, hunting was considered a basic preparation for warfare and was held among the highest activities a gentleman could pursue. In addition, Count von Sporck was also a prominent patron of music, having commissioned numerous Vivaldi operas and the four Bach minor Masses for performance at his private Opera House in Prague.  While the group claims to be a simple organization for hunting enthusiasts, its ties to the controversial Bohemian Grove leave many questions unanswered. Former president Bill Clinton once said of the club:  The Bohemian club! Did you say Bohemian club? That s where all those rich Republicans go up and stand naked against redwood trees right? I ve never been to the Bohemian club but you oughta go. It d be good for you. You d get some fresh air. Image via video screen capture.",0
7878, Pat Robertson Endorses Trump: He ‘Inspires Us All’ (VIDEO),"Uncle Pat is off his meds again. The crazy host of the Christian Broadcasting Network s decades-long hit show The 700 Club has endorsed Donald Trump. Even though Trump never showed any indication of being a devout Christian prior to his running for the GOP presidential nomination, Robertson has decided that Trump is the man if you want to vote Christian. In a recent event at Regent University, Robertson gave Trump glowing praise, saying that he  inspires us all.  He also said that Trump is  the most amazing people in the whole country.  Here is the video, via Right Wing Watch:Christian Broadcasting Network reporter David Brody also heaped praise upon Trump, and afterwards, Trump continued his now-familiar anti-immigrant rhetoric to his crowd of rabidly racist supporters. He went went so far as to insist that any policy but his would result in, and I quote, the idea that  every illegal gets an air conditioner. Nevermind the fact that this has never been proposed by anyone who likes the idea of legalized paths to citizenship   it s just plain stupid. The only plan for Trump right now is to promote pure, unabashed hatred toward anyone not straight, white, male, and Christian. Thanks to the GOP creating this hateful base, it should be no surprise that these are Trump s supporters.Thusly, it is also no surprise that one of those said supporters is hateful television preacher Pat Robertson.Watch another video of this nonsense below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
7879," Illinois Republicans ATTACK Single Mothers, Want To Deny Children Aid For Being Fatherless","Two pasty white Republican men decided that out of every problem that exists in their state of Illinois, the biggest concern for lawmakers should be focusing on actively harming the lives of single mothers and children.John D. Cavaletto and  Keith Wheeler, filed a bill  HB6064  to deny any form of state aid to a child, if that child does not have a  father s name  on their birth certificate. The proposed law makes an allowance for another family member to be substituted who will provide financial support for the child if a father can t or won t be listed.A portion of the bill reads as below: Provides that if the unmarried mother cannot or refuses to name the child s father, either a father must be conclusively established by DNA evidence or, within 30 days after birth, another family member who will financially provide for the child must be named, in court, on the birth certificate. Provides that absent DNA evidence or a family member s name, a birth certificate will not be issued and the mother will be ineligible for financial aid from the State for support of the child. Source: ChicagoistSo basically what Republicans are trying to do, it seems, is completely abolish all welfare by either saying you don t need it (because you have a financial benefactor listed) or you don t get any because you don t have someone to pay for your child s needs. What the hell kind of logic is that?This is not the first time Republicans have attempted to actively sabotage the lives of women and children who are in the most desperate of need. Last year, State Rep. Jeanne Ives made remarks along a similar theme during a budget-related debate: You need to have verifiable need. You better know who the daddy is and whether or not he can afford that child and whether or not the taxpayers should be funding that or if there s actual child support he can provide. Source: ChicagoistA verifiable need   like not having a known father to ask for help? Is this real? It s so comically absurd that it literally satirizes itself.If there is a bright side to this insult to women and humanity, it s the fact that the bill will likely die a quiet and quick death in the house due to the Democratic supermajority that Illinois currently has to protect it from these evil people.Think about it this way. Republicans would outlaw all contraception and abortion, even in cases of rape. A woman undergoes that heinous assault, and she can t get an abortion because Republicans  love life too much  to let her make that choice on her own. After 9 months of getting no help with prenatal care or the hospital bill when she gives birth, Republicans would immediately deny that child they  protected  from abortion any form of state assistance for the next 18 years.Pro-life, indeed.Featured image via Youtube",0
7880, Bristol Palin Loses Full Custody Of Son In Humiliating Court Defeat," If she had practiced abstinence, she wouldn t have these kinds of court battles.This is definitely not a good year to be Bristol Palin. The daughter of America s village idiot is already being sued for custody and child support by Medal of Honor recipient Dakota Meyer over their daughter Sailor Grace. Both parties have worked out a custody agreement, and only the issue of child support remains.And that means Bristol has now lost twice because ex-fiance Levi Johnston just won custody of their son Tripp after a seven-year-long court battle that cost Johnston $100,000 in court and attorney fees to win.According to The Daily Beast:The Palin family reportedly made it very difficult for Johnston to see his son following his widely publicized break-up with the former Alaska governor s daughter in 2010, ending a tumultuous on-again-off-again young romance.The had agreed to a custody arrangement in 2010 but because the courts didn t finalize the agreement, Bristol reneged on the deal and kept custody of Tripp all to herself.After that, Bristol Palin continued to collect child support payments, which Johnston says amount to $50,000 total, while she became a paid spokesperson for an abstinence-only campaign, making $262,000 in 2009 alone. And then she got a $100,000 payday by selling her story to In Touch Weekly. And Palin owned a $400,000 modern lakefront home in Alaska.In a Facebook post that has since been deleted, Johnston wrote that he is happy to have Tripp in his life again and that having his child again was worth every dime he paid to fight for him in court. I bet it was worth it to see Bristol lose, too.Bristol Palin brought this entirely upon herself. No doubt she believed she was bulletproof because her mom is the most famous idiot alive. But now she has been taken to court twice by two different men and has lost. Now would probably be a good time for Bristol Palin to slink away out of the spotlight to prevent further embarrassment.Featured image via Inquistr",0
7881, Watch RNC Chairman Reince Priebus SQUIRM As CNN Proves Trump Is Destroying His Party (VIDEO),"Republican National Committee chairman and anthropomorphic weasel person, Reince Priebus, joined CNN for an interview where he tried to convince Alisyn Camerota that the RNC was  in control  of Trump and Republican voters. To say it was not convincing would be an understatement.Priebus actually thinks that the rest of America doesn t hear his entire party railing about how bad Trump is, and how his Fascistic platform will be the doom of the GOP. Priebus responded: I embrace all of these candidates There folks are competing to join us. They are competing to join the Republican Party as our nominee depending on what the delegates decide to do or who wins the requisite amount of delegates. In Cleveland, we re going to vote on the floor for who that nominee is.  That nominee joins the Republican Party. That s what s happening.Priebus actually seems to think that trump is going to come to him, kiss his ring, and request his permission to be the nominee. While I can t read Trump s mind, I would bet hard cash that will never happen.Camerota pointed out that there is a huge amount of the Republican establishment that has been railing against Trump, and planning what are essentially anti-Trump firewalls to halt his juggernaut-like campaign and popularity. But you re making it sound simpler than, in fact, it is. Because as we have heard time and again over the past few weeks, there is a whole chunk of the Republican establishment that is not embracing Donald Trump. In fact, they re rejecting him. We have heard about all of the big donors, all of the Republican Party elders, all of the people in Congress who are basically saying anyone but Trump. Camerota piled on more, reading an editorial from the Washington Post that was critical of Priebus and his apparent cowardice to stand up to Trump and his hate-fueled campaign. The reaction from Priebus was simply priceless. I ve heard comebacks from 13-year-old schoolboys that were better.The best part of it, though, is watching Priebus have to try to respond to the attacks calling him a powerless leader without also insulting Trump. It would be painful to watch him tie himself in knots like this, except for the fact he s a Republican. That makes it just pure entertainment.Watch Reince Priebus get proven to be the most impotent and powerless RNC chairman ever below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
7882, Mitt Romney Just Went After Donald Trump For Being EXACTLY Like Mitt Romney (VIDEO),"Back in 2012, getting then-Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney to show his back tax returns was like pulling teeth. He knew that if he showed his returns he would not only be displaying how much he truly makes, but he would be revealing how much he actually pays in taxes. Now, Romney has decided to go after present-day Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump for the very same reason.Romney seems to be legitimately concerned that there may be some sort of  bombshell  hidden within Trump s taxes that will show something the American people won t like at all.While appearing on Fox News with Neil Cavuto, Romney said: I d like to see a number of things from the candidates, not just their positions on issues, in some detail. And some candidates are more thorough in laying out what they re going to do than others. But I d also like to see their back taxes. I d like to see where they filed their taxes in the last several years. I m not talking about their taxes this year. I m talking about the taxes that have already been filed with the IRS. And Donald Trump and Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz have not shown us their back taxes. You know, this was an issue in my campaign.They were all over me for my taxes, it became a big issue. But I put my taxes out in January of 2012. And that gave people a chance to digest it and decide whether I was going to be the nominee or not. If in fact Donald Trump s taxes or Marco Rubio s or Ted Cruz s have some real problems in there, let s get them out there and see them. But I think it s pretty clear that given Donald Trump s dodging and weaving and delay, I think the last time he was asked about his taxes he said,  well, it s going to be a month.  Look, people have a right to know if there s a problem in those taxes before they decide. Romney also said: We have good reason to believe that there s a bombshell in Donald Trump s taxes Either he s not anywhere near as wealthy as he says he is, or he hasn t been paying taxes we would expect him to pay or perhaps he hasn t been giving money to vets or to the disabled like he s been telling us he s been doing. Now, besides just accusing Trump of random things, let s think about this for a second. Is Romney actually concerned about what s in Trump s taxes, or is he just trying to do to Trump what was done to him? Maybe it s some sort of sweet revenge for him. However you look at it, Romney looks like a giant walking and talking hypocrite, and one of the first to point that out was none other than Trump himself.Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 24, 2016He s not wrong. That does seem to be exactly what he s doing.Either way, Trump should make his finances transparent to the American voting public so they can judge for themselves if they approve of the way Trump handles his finances, but Romney, especially on this issue, should probably keep his mouth shut. He s the LAST person who should be going after anybody on taxes.Watch here:Featured image via Screen capture Fox News",0
7883, ‘Idiocracy’ Writer Says His Horrific Vision Of A Painfully Stupid America Is Here (SCREENSHOTS),"It s no secret Americans have been demonstrating a complete lack of intelligence lately. According to a recent exit poll, nearly 40 percent of Donald Trump supporters either mistook the Emancipation Proclamation for the name of a new boy band, or they either oppose freeing the slaves or are on the fence on the issue. Those who fall in goose-step behind the current Republican frontrunner are, by their own admission, uneducated bigots. In fact, about half the country, according to science, the almost half of the country who supports the Republican party are exactly like the entire population in the satirical movie  Idiocracy. In fact, the man behind the 2006 film was recently forced to come to a painful realization:  Idiocracy  is here, it s now, and if the movie is any indicator we ll soon be watering our plants with Gatorade, the real-world version of  Brawndo, the Thirst Mutilator.  It has what plants crave, after all. I never expected #idiocracy to become a documentary,  tweeted screenwriter Etan Cohen in what appears to be commentary on the circus that is today s GOP   a group of anti-intellectuals who shun science in favor of magic, practice mindless bigotry, and very likely come from family trees that rarely, if ever, fork. After all, look how Jeb Bush turned out. I thought the worst thing that would come true was everyone wearing Crocs,  Cohen told his Twitter fans.One person correctly identified the source of much of the problem, posting that  Trump has what plants crave  along with the Brawndo logo.  Yes, but mostly white supremacist plants,  Cohen said, apparently not realizing how awesome electrolytes are.Of course, there is other evidence aside from the intellectual degradation of our society   the same one that considered Sarah Palin a serious candidate for vice president, and Trump for president. A  Not Sure  registered with the Federal Election Commission in August:Unfortunately, Trump s rise in the polls shows that we have reached a point that our country is in serious trouble. Let s just hope that someone point out that we can grow plants using water   yes, water, like from the toilet   soon.President Dwayne Elizondo Mountain Dew Herbert Camacho was unavailable for comment.Featured image via Trump/Camacho.com",0
7884, TX Professors Told Not To Upset Armed Students To Avoid Shootings Following ‘Campus Carry’ Law,"This is what it has come to.Following the passage of a Republican-drafted bill to force guns onto college campuses   whether the schools want them there or not   the University of Houston has begun instructing professors to avoid literally triggering students who may be armed in order to avoid sparking a mass shooting. If that sounds ridiculously unhealthy, glad you could join us.In 2015, Republicans in the Texas legislature and Governor Greg Abbott forced through an NRA-drafted bill that would make it mandatory for schools in the state to allow guns on campus. As much as it was adored by right-wing gun lovers, educators and students were appalled. The implications are scary. Students will be packed into classrooms with any number of weapons just waiting to go off by accident or by design.Schools are preparing for the new  guns everywhere  law that will take effect in August, and much of the preparation centers around getting teachers ready to deal with classrooms full of 18-year-olds who brought a semi-automatic handgun to campus along with their textbooks. In a recent discussion of the new state law, the University of Houston displayed a slide that told faculty to  not  go there'  on certain topics if they felt it might make some of their gun-happy students upset.Slide from recent campus carry dialogue at UH, in response to faculty concerns about dangers from armed students: pic.twitter.com/610RyhDZlf  Jeff (@JeffintheBowtie) February 22, 2016USA TODAY spoke with the university s faculty senate president: My slides are not university policy but faculty to faculty discussion points in a faculty senate led discussion group. They express the downside of having more weapons on campus and the chilling effect that has on academic freedom,  University Faculty Senate President Jon Snow tells USA TODAY College regarding his presentation.Ironically, many right-wingers have accused schools of  censoring  free speech by being overly  politically correct  in the classroom. It s hard to imagine any school has gone as far as Texas s Republican-led legislature. Professors may be worried students could get offended by a lecture, but few schools have to tell their professors to avoid  triggering  their students or else risk being shot in their classroom.Needless to say, many professors are not okay with this new way of doing things.Despite Republicans assuring the public that they are doing this to keep people safe, the students and professors themselves want nothing to do with this terrifying plan. It s led to demonstrations by students at schools like the University of Texas at Austin, and now, an unprecedented 168 professors from over 30 departments have signed a pledge that they will not take part in this bone-headed scheme.Republicans have ignored their concerns entirely. Instead, they are high-fiving the NRA lobbyists who put them up to it. So a few more kids might die in Texas schools? It s a small price to pay for  freedom. Featured image via Twitter",0
7885, Apparently The Speaker Of The House Is Now Taking Advice From Kanye West (TWEET),"Just when you thought Republicans couldn t get any worse, they go and endorse something Kanye West says. And not just any Republican, mind you, Speaker of the House Paul Ryan (R-WI). You know, the man third in line to run the nation.Now, this ordinarily wouldn t be such a big deal, and we could just look at it as a politician trying to be cool by retweeting something a celebrity says, but this time around, the implications surrounding the quoted retweet are kind of huge.Here s the thing, Republicans love to boast that they re all about  freedom  and  fiscal conservativism,  but we all know that s a load of horse shit. The only  freedom  Republicans want is the freedom to screw people over. Whether it be by funneling middle class dollars to the top, or by using religion as an excuse to discriminate. No matter how you look at it, the only freedom Republicans want, is the freedom to be assholes.So, when West tweets out, What is your definition of freedom? There is no true freedom without economic freedom,  and watching the person third in line to the presidency tweet it out as a  good point,  it really leaves most sane people scratching their heads. via TwitterFirst of all, neither Kanye West nor Paul Ryan and his Republican pals are good with money. West is currently begging for $1 billion from Mark Zuckerberg to help pay down his monstrous debt and fund his ideas, and Republicans think they can lower the deficit by bringing in less revenue and spending more or wars and defense. Both can scream about  economic freedom  til they pass out, but they are the last people in the world to be boasting it. Neither are good with money.Looking at this from a broader lens, though, these two may be the perfect pair after all, since they are seemingly so similar. Both are braggadocios. Both are bad with money. Both think they re shit doesn t stink. Both are extremely difficult to work with. So, maybe it s not so odd that Paul Ryan retweeted him, but rather what should be considered odd is that Paul Ryan is thought of as capable to be Speaker of the House.Hopefully this isn t the beginning of Kanye s 2020 run for the White House.Featured image: Flickr/Wikimedia",0
7886," Birmingham Tells Alabama GOP To Go F**k Themselves, Passes Highest Minimum Wage In The South","Alabama Republicans were quickly trying to ban all cities and counties from raising the minimum wage, but one city gave the GOP the finger and beat them to the punch.Birmingham, Alabama now has the highest minimum wage in the South after the city council voted 6-2 to make the new wage $10.10 per hour, despite Republican efforts to kill it at the state level.After the city council originally voted in August for the wage hike to gradually increase to $10.10 by July 2017, Alabama state GOP Rep. David Faulkner quickly introduced a bill to ban it from going into effect, along with banning cities and counties from trying to raise the minimum wage for their citizens in the future.It s not a surprise, frankly. After all, Republicans are more in favor of eliminating the minimum wage entirely than they are of raising it to help struggling workers and families pay the bills and put food on the table without having to rely on federal and state assistance.Indeed, Alabama currently ranks as one of the worst welfare states in the nation, taking in $2.46 for every dollar they send to the federal government. So, one would think that Republicans would be happy to make sure that workers are paid so they don t have to rely on the government. Sadly, that isn t the case.But the Birmingham city council chose to vote again to implement the new wage increase immediately, thereby cutting Alabama Republicans off at the pass and flipping them off along the way. We need to make sure our citizens are taken care of and that we re making decisions in their best interest,  said Council President Johnathan Austin.The minimum wage in Alabama currently stands at $7.25, because the federal wage applies since the state doesn t have a minimum wage law. But Birmingham, the largest city in the state, is saying enough is enough and will have a higher minimum wage than any state in South.Faulkner tried to justify his anti-minimum wage bill by claiming that having different wages creates issues.However, by passing this ordinance, Birmingham is improving the lives of the workers who live there while telling everybody else across the state that if you want to be paid fairly for your hard work, come to Birmingham. That could end up sparking other cities in Alabama to raise the wage as well to compete. Mobile, Alabama is already considering a wage increase as well.The measure only needs to be signed by the mayor and be published for public view and it will take effect on March 1st.Featured image via Reddit",0
7887," Donald Trump Just Said The DUMBEST Thing About Obamacare, And It’s Totally False (VIDEO)","Donald Trump made a pathetic appearance at Regent University, where he spoke with televangelist Pat Robertson about Antonin Scalia, Supreme Court justices and uttered some pitifully stupid remarks about Obamacare.Trump, seeking out any opportunity to blast his GOP rivals, decided to focus his blabbering mouth on Texas Senator and fellow Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz. Trump accused Cruz of being  the one that pushed  for President George W. Bush to nominate Chief Justice John Roberts, who Trump thought was an awful justice for a very specific reason   Obamacare. And Justice Roberts was a terrible, terrible situation because he approved Obamacare when everybody said it was going to be terminated. Then he had a second time at it, which would have also killed it, and he passed it then too. Placing the blame on Cruz for President Barack Obama s health care reform law, Trump insisted that Obamacare was  killing everybody.  The business mogul continued to blast Cruz as the audience laughed: The one that pushed him harder than anybody was Sen. Cruz. So, Sen. Cruz gave us Obamacare in a true sense. It s true! It s true!No matter what he does, he s been a disastrous judge because Obamacare is killing everybody. It s killing everybody. Even though his audience full of (not very smart) supporters giggled along with him, Trump has once again exposed himself as a complete moron. Not only does he criticize Obamacare, a major healthcare initiative that he wants to repeal yet has ZERO alternative for, but he s completely full of sh*t. Obamacare isn t  killing  anyone or anything. Not jobs, not people and not the wallets of the American people.Thanks to Obamacare, America now has the lowest uninsured rate ever, with 9 out of 10 Americans being fully covered. In its first year, the Affordable Care Act helped America see a 15-year high in job growth. Last year was also a success, as 2014-2015 marked a hot streak that America hadn t seen since 1998 and 1999. And regardless of what Republicans say, the private sector hasn t seen any loss of jobs since March 2010, when Obamacare was signed into law.Data has also proven that Obamacare, which has enabled more people to receive quality diagnoses and treatments earlier, is saving lives and helping Americans save money as well. The GOP loves to complain about Obamacare s premiums, but its implementation, unpaid hospital bills have seen a drastic decline in cost and number.This is just another instance where Trump goes off on something he knows absolutely nothing about. There s so much evidence that Obamacare has done great things for our healthcare system, but the GOP will never acknowledge it.You can watch Trump act like an idiot at Regent University below, courtesy of Raw Story: Featured image via Michael Vadon / Flickr",0
7888, 9 Amazingly Racist And Bigoted Things Trump Supporters Actually Believe (VIDEO),"Many Americans have suspected that the rise of Donald Trump, who launched his campaign attacking Latinos and has gone on to demonize blacks, Muslims, women and even Catholics, is tied to bigoted beliefs among a segment of Republican voters.Despite the protests from some on the right and even the mainstream media claiming that Trump supporters are backing their man solely due to  economic insecurity,  some new polling data has begun to confirm that the movement behind Trump is simply a white supremacist movement.Mr. Trump s popularity with white, working-class voters who are more likely than other Republicans to believe that whites are a supreme race and who long for the Confederacy may make him unpopular among leaders in his party. But it s worth noting that he isn t persuading voters to hold these beliefs. The beliefs were there   and have been for some time.Mr. Trump has reinvigorated explicit appeals to ethnocentrism, and some voters are responding.Based on the results of those polls, here are nine of the amazingly racist things Trump supporters seriously believe:When Trump says  Make America Great Again,  it seems like many of his followers really mean  Make America White Again. Featured image via Flickr",0
7889, In 2 Minutes This Woman PERFECTLY Explains Why Racism Is A Mental Illness (VIDEO),"Twenty-four years ago, Oprah Winfrey had a former third-grade teacher on her show who blew every racist s justifications for their own stupidity right out of the water.Jane Elliot was that guest. She is well-known for her  blue-eyed/brown-eyed  experiment (you can read more about that here) which taught her young students in Iowa how racism is learned, not something they are born with. In 1992, she appeared on Oprah s stage along with a group of racists who were convinced that they were better than minorities. The elderly school teacher told the ignorant white people who were basking in their  superiority  just how wrong they were: I heard somebody in the green room say that racism is inbred, no it is not. Racism is not part of the human condition. Racism is a learned response you have to be taught to be a racist, you are not born racist   you are born into a racist society. And like anything else if you can learn it, you can unlearn it. But people like this choose not to unlearn it because they are afraid they will lose power if they share it with other people. They are afraid of sharing power, that s what it s all about. This is absolutely true. I am sure that you have probably heard a right-winger say, Everyone is a little bit racist, we are born that way.  This is not true at all. Babies are like blank canvases, they are taught every single thing they know. People and society teach children to be racist, nobody is preconditioned to hate. That s nonsense.Elliot went on to tell the hate-filled idiots on the stage that they suffered from a mental illness: What we re dealing here with is mental illness. Racism is mental illness. Racism was defined by the President s Joint Council On Mental Health In Children in 1959 as being the number one mental health problem among children in the United States. And they didn t say  among black children,  they said  among children.  If you judge other people by the color of their skin, by the amount of a chemical in their skin, you have a mental problem. You are not dealing well with reality. She is correct. Judging somebody because their skin is darker than yours due to extra melanin is as ridiculous as it is sick.This conversation took place more than two decades ago and yet, it still resonates today. We have an entire political party that consistently campaigns on platforms of racism and hate. Look at Donald Trump s rise to the top, while KKK members appear at caucuses with Trump signs to show their support in 2016. The right likes to pretend that we live in some magical  post-racial  America, but that isn t any truer now than it was twenty-four years ago. The only difference is that some people hide it better now.Watch Jane Elliot s remarks below:https://www.facebook.com/Republicansareidiots1/videos/1125800230775174/ Featured image via video screenshot",0
7890, Ben Carson Tells CNN He Thinks His Campaign Might Be A Scam,"During an appearance on CNN on Tuesday, Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson wondered aloud if his presidential campaign is all a big scam.During the interview, a laughing Carson told CNN s Poppy Harlow that his campaign had employed people who didn t really seem to understand finances. A moment later, as if the possibility had just dawned on him for the very first time, Carson added,  or maybe they did maybe they were doing it on purpose. It s impossible to tell if Carson is extremely stupid or extremely good at acting stupid. Either way, he would be an extremely terrifying president.As Addicting Info reported in January, Ben Carson s campaign staff started jumping ship on New Year s Eve, with more than 20 of former staffers resigning in a 24 hour period.The resignations followed months of accusations that the candidate s campaign is little more than a money-making scheme, which also doubles as a promotional tour to sell books.The fact that Carson s campaign has been raising money hand over fist, but investing very little in actual campaign activities, was just one indicator that Carson s presidential campaign was a hoax.As New York Magazine pointed out months ago, the Carson campaign is  structured much more like a scamming venture than a political one. As evidence, New York Magazine also reported, An astronomical 69 percent of his fund-raising totals are spent on more fund-raising. (Bernie Sanders, by contrast, spends just 4 percent of his intake on fund-raising.) In addition to direct mail, Carson seems to have undertaken a massive phone-spamming operation. Spending most of your money to raise more money is not a good way to get elected president, but it is a good way to build a massive list of supporters that can later be monetized. Perhaps it is a giveaway that the official title for Armstrong Williams, the figure running the Carson  campaign,  is  business manager,  as opposed to  campaign manager.  It does suggests that Carson is engaged in a for-profit venture. Even more telling, a significant number of the companies hired to run Carson s costly telemarketing and direct-mail campaigns just happen to be run by friends and family members of staffers.Then there s the fact that, while Carson s fundraising totals surpass that of every other GOP candidate, his polling numbers are terrible.While Carson told CNN that  things are much better  with his campaign now, according to the Atlantic, not much has changed.The campaign is still spending huge amounts of money on raising more money, diverting millions to businesses like TMA Direct, which is owned by Mark Murray, one of Carson s top fundraisers.According to the Atlantic, Murray has also long worked with Eleventy and InfoCision, two Akron, Ohio-based companies. InfoCision has been implicated in past scams. Eleventy s president is chief marketing officer for Carson. Communication Management Source is run by Joanne Parker, whose husband Dean Parker departed the campaign in December. According to the latest financial disclosures, the Carson campaign paid Eleventy Marketing $4.8 million in the last quarter, while InfoCision got a whopping $2.4 million. Communication Management Source didn t make out quite as well, being paid $1.3 million.It s almost impossible to believe that Carson doesn t know whether or not his campaign is a scam to bilk low-information conservative voters out of millions of dollars.His weird, out-of-place laughter, combined with his sad attempts to convince the public that it s all behind him now, are pretty good indicators that he s more than aware that his campaign is a hoax.With the money still rolling in, though, Carson is clearly going to try to keep the scam going for as long as he possibly can.Image from wikipedia",0
7891," Obama Does NOT Hold Back, BLASTS ‘Sheepish’ Republicans On SCOTUS Obstruction","While meeting with the press in the Oval Office on Wednesday, President Obama clearly had enough of Republican obstructionism and party politics holding the nation back from having a full Supreme Court. The GOP has made it clear that they won t even entertain the possibility of a new Justice until there s a new president. However, that s not going to prevent Obama from doing his job, and he really hopes these  sheepish  Republicans step up and do their job as well.Obama said: I m going to do my job. I recognize the politics are hard for them [Senate Republicans] because the easier thing to do is to give in to the most extreme voices within their party and stand pat and do nothing. But that s not our job. Our job is to fulfill our constitutional duties. Obama knows that once a nominee is chosen, and the American public sees this Republican obstructionism for all that it is, chances are, they won t be so quick to dismiss them. The president continued: I think it will be very difficult for Mr. McConnell to explain how, if the public concludes that this person is well qualified, that the Senate should stand in the way simply for political reasons. We ll see what happens and I think the situation may evolve over time. I don t expect Mitch McConnell to say that is the case today. President Obama then goes on to lay all the cards on the table and simply show the Republicans for what they are: unconstitutional fools. The GOP is trying so hard to prevent Obama that they are going against their supposed values of being  strict constitutionalists,  and Obama shows them as the hypocrites that they truly are.Obama said: It s not in the text of the Constitution. Ironically, these are Republicans who say they believe in reading the text of the Constitution and focusing on the intent of the Constitution. None of the Founding Fathers thought that, when it comes to the President carrying out his duties, he should do it for three years and on the last year stop doing it. Also saying that these Republicans  take a posture that defies the Constitution, defies logic, and is not supported by tradition. And really not holding back, the president states: There s not a lot of vigor when they defend the position they re taking when they defend their point. They re pretty sheepish about it when they make those comments. Which is exactly what they are. These Republicans are choosing party politics over what s best for the nation. They want to obstruct any choice the president makes while vilifying a hypothetical appointee before they even know who it s going to be. They aren t even hiding their blatant politicking anymore. To be honest, these Republicans should all find a new job if they don t want to do the one they ve been elected to do.Featured image: Pete Souza Instagram",0
7892, Trump Jr. Offers Up Revolting Praise Of Dad: ‘There’s Something Special’ About Wanting To Punch A Protester (VIDEO),"Don Trump Jr., the privileged, wealthy son of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, showed everyone watching Fox News on Tuesday night that the apple doesn t fall far from the tree, and that his father isn t the only horrible person carrying the last name.Speaking with Greta van Susteren, 38-year-old Don not only defended his father s horrific violent outbursts, but said that Trump s temper tantrums showed the flip side to free speech. This was in response to an incident on Monday, where Trump flipped out at a heckler that interrupted his rally in Nevada. The front-runner said he wanted to punch the protester in the face, giving a rather detailed description of how he d like to hurt the man with threats like You know what they used to do with guys like that when they were in a place like this? They d be carried out on a stretcher, folks. I think that s the sentiment you see from the average person. They re sick of being beat up, they re sick of being pushed around by everyone, they re sick of not having a voice anymore. That s just something that s unusual. Trump has actually become infamous for the violence at his campaign rallies   which he has usually encouraged. People who are brave enough to show up and protest are usually met with threats and sometimes physical assaults, even in instances where they re being completely peaceful, silent and merely holding a sign. But to Trump and his son, any violence that comes to protesters for using their First Amendment rights is completely deserved. Don said: I mean, if someone s trying to break up something, doing a great thing, there s 10,000 people in a room, watching an incredible event, and someone s trying to heckle them, I mean, I think it s a pretty natural response, and I think people love that he s honest about that. He doesn t pretend,  Oh, that s great, he s exercising whatever it may be, his freedoms.  He s going to say it like it is, and that s what s resonating so well with the American people. Von Susteren brought up the fact that even protesters have a right to free speech, and asked Don if he thought there was  something special  about those rights. Don agreed that the First Amendment is indeed special, but probably not in the way Von Susteren expected. Don said: I agree 100 percent, Greta, and there s something special about being able to say,  I want to punch that person in the face.  It works both ways. I think it s great that people can exercise that, and he should be able to exercise his right to say what he wants about it. He s finally saying the things that people are thinking in their minds, when they re being beat up by government or they re being pushed around. He s saying what the hard-working, blue collar, middle class American family is thinking. He s giving them a voice, he s talking with them, he s talking to them. He s not talking at them, like regular politicians are doing, and that s why he s getting such a warm reception everywhere we go. You can watch Don disgracefully endorse his father s behavior below:Featured image is a screenshot",0
7893, Obama Pens Letter Explaining Exactly Why He’s Doing His Job When The GOP Isn’t,"After the passing of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, many have been left wondering who will fill his staunchly conservative shoes. Republicans have made it their mission to prevent any person President Obama appoints from getting anywhere near the Supreme Court, even going so far as to say they won t remotely consider anyone until a new president is in office. However, President Obama knows that it s his constitutional responsibility to appoint someone into the role, and it s a responsibility he takes very seriously.In a post to the prominent SCOTUSblog, President Obama lays down why he s still going forward and appointing someone, why he ll be appointing them, the qualities he s looking for in a Justice, and expects Republicans to follow through with their constitutional duty as well.He writes: The Constitution vests in the President the power to appoint judges to the Supreme Court.  It s a duty that I take seriously, and one that I will fulfill in the weeks ahead.It s also one of the most important decisions that a President will make.  Rulings handed down by the Supreme Court directly affect our economy, our security, our rights, and our daily lives.Needless to say, this isn t something I take lightly.  It s a decision to which I devote considerable time, deep reflection, careful deliberation, and serious consultation with legal experts, members of both political parties, and people across the political spectrum.  And with thanks to SCOTUSblog for allowing me to guest post today, I thought I d share some spoiler-free insights into what I think about before appointing the person who will be our next Supreme Court Justice.First and foremost, the person I appoint will be eminently qualified.  He or she will have an independent mind, rigorous intellect, impeccable credentials, and a record of excellence and integrity.  I m looking for a mastery of the law, with an ability to hone in on the key issues before the Court, and provide clear answers to complex legal questions.Second, the person I appoint will be someone who recognizes the limits of the judiciary s role; who understands that a judge s job is to interpret the law, not make the law.  I seek judges who approach decisions without any particular ideology or agenda, but rather a commitment to impartial justice, a respect for precedent, and a determination to faithfully apply the law to the facts at hand.But I m also mindful that there will be cases that reach the Supreme Court in which the law is not clear.  There will be cases in which a judge s analysis necessarily will be shaped by his or her own perspective, ethics, and judgment.  That s why the third quality I seek in a judge is a keen understanding that justice is not about abstract legal theory, nor some footnote in a dusty casebook.  It s the kind of life experience earned outside the classroom and the courtroom; experience that suggests he or she views the law not only as an intellectual exercise, but also grasps the way it affects the daily reality of people s lives in a big, complicated democracy, and in rapidly changing times.  That, I believe, is an essential element for arriving at just decisions and fair outcomes.A sterling record.  A deep respect for the judiciary s role.  An understanding of the way the world really works.  That s what I m considering as I fulfill my constitutional duty to appoint a judge to our highest court.  And as Senators prepare to fulfill their constitutional responsibility to consider the person I appoint, I hope they ll move quickly to debate and then confirm this nominee so that the Court can continue to serve the American people at full strength. President Obama will be doing his job, hopefully Republicans will choose to do theirs as well.Featured image: Flickr",0
7894, This ONE Image Perfectly Shows The Difference Between Trump And Obama (IMAGE),"President Obama is one of the greatest political orators of our time. Listening to the Republican response after a State of the Union address has been a chore during the Obama administration. Listening to Donald Trump speak is an experience that makes non-Trump supporters skin crawl.The divide between the two is summed up nicely in one comparison. The image compares a quote from President Obama s victory speech in 2008, after winning the Iowa caucus. The other is Trump s victory speech that he gave after winning the South Carolina primary last week. Here s the image:How Obama gives a victory speech vs how Trump gives a victory speech. pic.twitter.com/eCPkzHei6t  Dan Diamond (@ddiamond) February 24, 2016There is a vast gap between President Obama s and Trump s speaking skills, to say the least. Trump speaks like a third grader. Trump rarely utters a word that isn t in the 850 words included in the Basic English language. A politician s ability to inspire voters is an important part of being a great leader. Then again, Trump isn t actually a politician. He s a billionaire has-been reality TV star.Then again, Trump is speaking to his supporters, who have been shown to have a similar grasp of the English language.No president is perfect and that includes President Obama. However, he has consistently proven that when he talks he sounds like he is the only adult in the room. Part of that reason is his ability to speak with passion. It also helps that he has reason backing his message. When he has something to say, people listen. That s part of the reason he was elected president twice. As the then Senator Obama said on the night of his first primary election  They said this country was too divided, too disillusioned to ever come together around a common purpose. You can watch President Obama s victory speech after his win in Iowa. It s a throwback to a time when Obama made national history for the first time.Featured image from Gage Skidmore via Flickr and By Chuck Kennedy (Official White House photo) (The Official White House Photostream on Flickr) [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons",0
7895, Insane Iowa Republicans Literally Want To Let Toddlers Carry Guns,"If Iowa Republicans have their way, toddlers will be able to carry guns, which makes the state the scariest in the nation.The Iowa House literally passed a series of gun bills on Tuesday, including House File 2281, that if allowed to become law would let kids under the age of 14 carry a gun. Because what could possibly go wrong?According to Iowa Public Radio,Democrat Kirsten Running-Marquardt asked what kind of gun would fit into the hands of a two or three year old. I ve got the bill right in front of me,  Running-Marquardt said.  It s a valid question. You re missing the whole point of the bill,  replied Johnston Republican Jake Highfill.  I think this is one of the best bills we ve done for second amendment rights. Current Iowa law prohibits children under the age of 14 from possessing handguns and ammunition, which is a reasonable measure considering 10,000 kids are injured or killed every year by guns, one-fifth of which are accidents.And that s not even counting the accidental shootings of adults by children who handle guns.Democratic Rep. Mary Mascher pointed out that a nine-year old girl had parental and instructor supervision at an Arizona gun range when she accidentally shot and killed the instructor because she couldn t handle the gun. Unfortunately the instructor and the parents made the wrong decision and someone died,  Mascher said.  Every three hours in this country a child dies from gun violence. And that s not the only example showing why kids should not be allowed to have access to guns.In January 2015, a five-year-old boy killed his little brother with a gun that he found lying around the house.In August of the same year, a four-year-old boy shot and killed his own mother after finding a gun in the car that he thought was a toy.Then there s the 11-year-old boy who killed a little girl because she wouldn t let him pet her puppy.Or how about the three-year-old boy who has to live with the knowledge that he accidentally shot and killed his mom in 2014 after finding a loaded gun under the couch.And then there s the story of a five-year-old boy who shot and killed his little sister with a rifle he had just been given for his birthday. His parents believed that a child safety feature would be enough to keep the gun from accidentally being fired.The bottom line is that toddlers have no clue what a gun is and lack the physical and mental capacity to handle a firearm responsibly, no matter what the NRA says. And there are clearly many parents who are stupid when it comes to mixing guns and kids, the results of which are horrifying and heartbreaking. And you can be sure that there will be more dead kids and parents if this bill becomes law.The bill now heads to the Democrat-controlled Iowa Senate, where logic and reason will hopefully prevail.Featured image via Freakout Nation",0
7896, Megyn Kelly Desperately Attempts To Rescue Kasich From His Sexist Comments (VIDEO),"The Republican party has been good at one thing thus far this election year: They ve managed to assemble a group of individuals who ve made the Party of Lincoln seem comical. Whether its Trump s antics, Cruz s lies, or Rubio s roboticism, it s not looking to good for the party to take back the presidency. The latest comic book tale comes from one John Kasich who said that  women left the kitchen to vote for him when he first ran for office in 1978.In a sign that Fox News is desperately trying to resurrect an establishment candidate for the nomination, host Megyn Kelly, who has earned a reputation for being straightforward and even tough on candidates when they say stupid things, was surprisingly playful with Kasich. After playing a clip of Kasich s kitchen remark, Kelly was friendly and self-deprecating: I can certainly say that if it were my husband, he d say,  For the love of God, get out of the kitchen! No one wants you in here! You do bad things in here! The two then had a creepy chuckle which immediately put Kasich at ease. She even went as far as to rationalize his women in the kitchen comment, saying: Back in 1978 when you first ran for office, 70% of women were not working out of the home full time, they just weren t. The vast majority of women were at home and things have changed a lot since then. These comments put Kasich at ease and he then went on to say how much he supposedly respects women by giving examples. He said: But let s be real about this. You know, my campaign manager is a woman, she used to be my chief of staff and if I m president, who knows? She ll have one of the highest positions in the country. I have a lieutenant governor who s a woman. You know, the situation is, I appointed a lady to the Ohio Supreme Court, you know, obviously a woman. And I ve a number of very influential women cabinet members. Not only did Kelly let him off the hook with his comments and rehabilitated him, but she conveniently forgot to ask Kasich about signing a bill that would defund Planned Parenthood in his home state of Ohio.After Kelly had admirably grilled Trump about his comments about women, she disappointingly let Kasich off the hook. This is a sign Fox News is playing favoritism in its quest to rehabilitate an establishment candidate for the nomination.Here s the video:Featured image via screenshot",0
7897, Ted Cruz Gets His Unethical A** Handed To Him By Seth Myers (VIDEO),"Seth Meyers destroyed Republican presidential wannabe Ted Cruz on Tuesday night for running a campaign of dirty tricks and lies.The Late Night host brutally examined Tricky Ted during the  Closer Look  segment for the way he has used unethical maneuvers to smear his opponents and fool voters into casting their votes for him.It all started in Iowa when Cruz s campaign put the word out that Ben Carson was dropping out of the race, which may have caused some Carson supporters to switch their allegiance to the Texas Senator.The stolen votes likely helped Cruz capture victory in Iowa but it hurt him in the media, forcing him to request a meeting with Carson in an effort to make amends. The only problem is that instead of a meeting in a normal setting, the two chose a storage closet instead, which as Meyers pointed out, is pretty ironic considering both men are anti-gay. That s right, Cruz and Carson met inside of a storage closet. A moment I m sure both of them, as anti-gay rights advocates immediately regretted when they realized that eventually they would have to come out of the closet, together,  Meyers quipped.But Cruz hasn t only played dirty tricks against Ben Carson. His new target has been Marco Rubio with ploys such as making it appear like Rubio and President Obama are alike or making up stories about how Rubio trashed the Bible in front of Cruz staffers.Meyers also noted that even Republicans have called out Cruz for saying and doing anything to get elected, regaling the audience about how Cruz took a pro-fireworks stance on a local issue because staffers found 60 people who would vote for him if he took up their cause.Here s the video via YouTube.Ever since he won Iowa, Ted Cruz has not fared very well. New Hampshire chose Donald Trump, and even South Carolina couldn t stomach Ted Cruz as the nominee as evangelical voters abandoned him for the billionaire loudmouth. It even looks like he could lose in his home state of Texas as newspapers in Dallas, Houston, and San Antonio are endorsing anybody but Cruz as the GOP nominee. And now Cruz is looking more and more like a desperate man whose dream of world domination is slipping further and further away. Featured image via Raw Story",0
7898, American Racism Reaches New Heights Of Hypocrisy,"For the last couple of months, I ve been seeing numerous stories about the increasing rate of death among middle-aged whites. As a middle-aged white person myself I was curious, so I ve been looking at the articles. As I did so, I noticed an interesting trend. See if you can spot it:A week after it was published by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, a paper by the Princeton economists Anne Case and Angus Deaton showing that middle-aged white Americans are dying in much larger numbers than they used to is still the talk of the town.   The New YorkerSomething startling is happening to middle-aged white Americans.   NY TimesBirth of a Plague   NewsweekAnd here s the most recent and perfect example: according to new research into a crisis that is increasingly worrying healthcare officials and policymakers.   LA TimesIsn t it amazing how white people dying is suddenly a HUGE problem that needs to be addressed? Apparently, much of the spike is attributable to drugs, drinking, suicide and lack of proper healthcare. That, in turn, is attributable to the Great Recession as millions of people s lives were destroyed by forces outside of their control.Not to belittle their suffering (much) but boohoo. The black community has been dealing with this kind of widespread economic destruction for decades. There s a reason that every other corner in a ghetto is a liquor store (drive through parts of D.C. and you ll see what I mean) and drug use is rampant and it s not because black people are morally deficient as some people (conservatives) would like you to believe.But now that white people are facing the same levels of despair and lack of opportunity, they re responding in much the same way and America is very VERY concerned about their welfare. We need to DO SOMETHING about this crisis!This hypocrisy ties into the sudden about face on the war on drugs. Once upon a time, society needed to throw every drug user into to jail for decades at a time to protect society. That most of those arrested just happened to be black was just a coincidence, surely. These days, however, drug use has exploded in white neighborhoods as meth and heroin use are skyrocketing.But instead of demands for more mass incarceration, we hear pleas for mercy and understanding. We have to DO SOMETHING to help these poor victims.But only the white ones.If your blood isn t boiling right now, you haven t been paying attention. MuriKKKa.Featured image via micetrap ",0
7899, Documents Show Clinton Lobbied Congress For Trade Agreements She Publicly And Personally Opposed,"On February 19, the State Department released another batch of emails from Hillary Clinton s years as Secretary of State.Among the documents released are emails showing that Clinton lobbied Congress in support of three U.S. trade agreements in October of 2011.The emails show that Clinton personally contacted members of Congress, urging them to vote in favor of the Columbia Trade Promotion Agreement (CTPA), which was bitterly opposed by organized labor, in both the United States and Colombia, as well as human rights organizations around the world.At the same time, Clinton also lobbied Congress in support of free trade agreements with Korea and Panama.During her 2008 presidential campaign, Clinton publicly decried the trade agreements, calling the agreement with Korea  inherently unfair,  and saying I will do everything I can to urge the Congress to reject the Colombia Free Trade Agreement. But the newly published emails show that, as Secretary of State, Clinton phoned members of Congress, specifically asking them to vote in favor of the agreements.On October 8, 2011, Clinton received the following email from her aide, Huma Abedin.Image credit: video screen capture via foia.state.govIn response, Clinton stated that she had contacted members of Congress to urge them to support the trade agreements.image credit: screen capture foia.state.govimage credit: screen capture foia.state.govAs Secretary of State, Clinton would have been bound to follow the directives of the president and support the policies of the Obama administration, regardless of personal beliefs regarding those policies.However, as Secretary of State, she also played a very important role in developing and informing the White House on foreign policy issues, including trade agreements.In order to better understand the role of the U.S. Secretary of State, according to state.gov, among other things, the person appointed to this position:While there could be a number of reasonable explanations as to why Secretary Clinton changed her positions regarding the trade agreements with Korea and Colombia, the newly released emails are likely to work against her, when it comes to garnering support from organized labor.As reported by International Business Times here, Bill Clinton s partnership with Canadian financier Frank Giustra, and a subsequent joint venture launched by Giustra and former President Clinton in Colombia, are likely to become major issues for the Clinton campaign in the coming months.Clinton s rival for the democratic party s nomination, Bernie Sanders, voted against both the Columbia and Panama free trade agreements. The record shows that Senator Sanders did not vote on the trade agreement with Korea.As voters weigh their options ahead of the 2016 election, Secretary Clinton is likely to face tough questions regarding her support for the Korean and Colombian trade agreements.How she answers those questions will play a major role in whether or not she can win the support of organized labor.Featured image credit from US Embassy Canada via Flickr",0
7900, Donald Trump Storms Glenn Beck’s Ted Cruz Rally Live On-Air And Shuts It Down (VIDEO/TWEETS),"Awkward does not even come close to describing how cringeworthy and weird things got in Nevada on Tuesday night. As Glenn Beck was merrily rallying Republicans in the name of Ted Cruz, competitor Donald Trump gatecrashed the event and proceeded to give an impromptu speech to the assembled audience. Seemingly unwilling to be outmaneuvered by the Cruz camp as Ben Carson was in Iowa, Trump decided to take his war to the Ted Cruz camp in person. First, the hate-tweets   there was a Twitter tirade in the run-up to the event.Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 23, 2016Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 23, 2016Ted Cruz does not have the right ""temperment"" to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 23, 2016Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out & said no!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 23, 2016Then, came the in-person assault.Conservative pundit Beck was literally on stage, making his case to vote Cruz before a large crowd, when Trump stormed the hall. Trump, flanked by security, was immediately mobbed by the GOP fans in the room. He then picked up a microphone and began his own impromptu speech, cutting Beck dead.The crowd seemed all-too-happy to have their Cruz-fest interrupted by the GOP favorite, gathering tightly around the candidate and cheering in response to his weird and creepy speech.MSNBC happened to be broadcasting live at the Palo Verde High School in Summerlin, and was able to capture the bizarre scenes in full.Beck stood in silence on the stage, looking on helplessly as his event was overtaken by Trump, who told crowds: We are going to have hopefully a historic night, I appreciate everybody being here. I wanted to be here myself and say a few words. Get over there and vote! Make America great again! Trump went on to win Nevada by a landslide, with Marco Rubio narrowly pushing Ted Cruz into third place.He won a massive 45.9% of the vote, knocking Marco Rubio into 2nd place with just 23.9%, and Cruz in 3rd on 21.4%. It appears that the Trump campaign is unassailable at this point, although a week is a long time in U.S. politics.Awkward.Featured image via Screengrab",0
7901, Donald Trump Thanks The ‘Poorly Educated’ For Handing Him Victory In Nevada (VIDEO),"Donald Trump moved ever closer to securing the Republican nomination for President of the United States this week with victory in the Nevada caucus.There s no way around it   Trump thrashed his opponents in Nevada. He won a massive 45.9% of the vote, knocking Marco Rubio into 2nd place with just 23.9%, and Cruz in 3rd on 21.4%. It appears that the Trump campaign is unassailable at this point, although a week is a long time in U.S. politics.Graphic via GuardianPerhaps the darkest moment of the night was when Trump actually said these words in his victory speech: We won with poorly educated! I love the poorly educated! There were whopping cheers and applause for this comment. Which seemingly bore zero irony. He continued: We re the smartest people. We re the most loyal people. First things first: Donald Trump is not poorly educated. He attended the Kew Forest School until 8th grade before spending the rest of his schooling in the New York Military Academy. He later won a bachelors degree in Economic from the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania. So, another total lie from this candidate.One reason  poorly educated  might appeal to Trump though, is that part of the education process is to give a person the tools to think critically about an issue, and to fact-check arguments. It is not to say you cannot have these skills without a decent high school education, but it s an uphill struggle. It s not impossible to save a person having a heart attack without having had medical training, but you d put your money on the doctor every time.So, now wonder Trump would like to keep America under-educated.According to leading fact-checking site Politifact, just 1% of claims made by Donald Trump are true. One percent! Meanwhile, 3 out of every 5 statements he makes are absolute lies. Let s take a look back at some of those lies:They just keep on coming.And on the matter of faith, Donald Trump is now claiming to be some sort of born again evangelical. Yet, Trump has been married three times, pokes fun of Holy Communion as eating  the little cracker , claims he has never asked God to forgive his sins in his life, and could not name a single passage of the Bible when pressed for his favorite piece of scripture.Trump is about as devout a Christian as Bill Nye.And yet, he is winning evangelical support in droves. Why? Because the evangelical, Christian Conservative movement has zero to do with faith in God, and everything to do with a fanatical conviction in right-wing principles of crony capitalism, white supremacy, homophobia and sexism.If this was not the case, Trump would be the LAST candidate that appealed to Evangelicals. To any right-thinking Christian, he is the 21st century incarnation of the Whore of Babylon.But Trump gets a pass for all of this, because under-educated people are having their ignorance exploited, and bigoted people are having their bellies tickled. This resurgent right is euphoric that it s candidate can say things on national television that have been outlawed in workplaces and public spaces for decades. They are thrilled that hate has been made mainstream by their candidate, and they are going to come out in their droves to support him.This means that voting in this year s election will be the most important ballots cast on American soil in a very long time. The reproductive rights of women, the rights of LGBT Americans, the rights of non-Christians, the rights of victims of rape and sexual assault, the rights of victims of gun crime, the rights of non-white Americans   they are all on the chopping block in this election.  Every American with a conscience and a sense of decency has the absolute duty to make a stand against this sh*tstorm of stupidity, bigotry and ignorance.  Featured Image via Screengrab",0
7902, The Daily Show Absolutely NAILED Absurdity Of Congress With Play-At-Home Children’s Game (VIDEO),"When listening to Congress discuss matters of importance lately, you d think you were listening to children on the schoolyard fighting over who should have more time in the sandbox. It s almost obscene how both sides are unable to get along and work together to get the job they were elected to do done.Clearly noticing how childlike both Republicans and Democrats are behaving, The Daily Show put together a correspondent s piece featuring a play-at-home game for children depicting what it s really like within the walls of Congress trying to get anything done.The segment features children reading a giant rule book and trying to understand the rules, but then it shows one player not wanting to follow any of the rules in favor of how they want to play the game. That one side likely being an example of Republicans who lately have made it impossible to get anything done, including using their own interpretation of the Constitution on when and how Supreme Court Justices should be confirmed.By the end of the segment it shows one child utterly frustrated with the other kid s absolute inability to play the game by the rules, so they both end up giving up. This unfortunately is all too accurate of a depiction of the way the real United States Congress has been working lately. That s why it s VERY important to make sure we re voting the right people into Congress and not just focusing on who s in the White House, but rather in every branch of government.All in all, The Daily Show absolutely nailed the reality of Congress. Watch here:Featured image: YouTube",0
7903, Watch Bernie Sanders Slam The Hell Out Of Republican Obstruction And Birther Nonsense (VIDEO),"Bernie s combination of calling it like it is, and his tendency to get pissed off a little easily at Republicans often results in some epic smackdowns being delivered by him. One of these gems came up again during a Democratic town hall event hosted by CNN.Bernie started to talk about the unprecedented decision by Republicans to essentially cut Obama s final term short to only 3 years by blocking ANY effort at nominating a 9th SCOTUS judge following the death of Antonin Scalia. However, rather than act like it s some kind of new thing, he avoided the rhetoric and called it exactly what it is.It s just the latest link in a very long and unbroken chain of choices made by Republicans to disrespect, delegitimize, and smear the legacy of the first black President of the United States. Yes, Republicans would love to get a SCOTUS judge installed if they can delay until after the election. However, they tip their hand too easily in how they attack Obama compared to other Democrats like Bernie.Pointing out a glaring fact, Bernie mentioned that his father came from Poland yet nobody has asked where HIS birth certificate is. It s so obvious yet no Republican even realizes it. Bernie has just as much of a reason to have his citizenship questioned as President Obama, yet it never occurred to a single Republican to do it. As he said, there s one obvious reason, which he mentions in the video clip.Watch Bernie end the discussion on why Republicans are such incredible idiots below: // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Bernie Sanders, speaking at CNN s Democratic Candidates Town Hall, gets off the first zinger of the night at Donald Trump.Posted by Mashable News on Tuesday, February 23, 2016 Featured image via video screen capture",0
7904," KKK Members Showed Up At Nevada Caucus With Pro-Donald Trump Signs (PHOTOS, TWEETS)","Donald Trump s surging presidential campaign attracted some more unwanted attention at a caucus site in Nevada on Tuesday night when some people dressed in Ku Klux Klan robes showed up. The people held up signs saying  New England Benevolent Association Support Trump! We Support Them!  and  Trump 2016 Make America Great Again! Pictures of one couple were released on Twitter by Krystal Heath, a conservative radio host and manager of a radio station in Nevada.#Trump supporters dressed as KKK outside #NVCaucus location. pic.twitter.com/iPfPcEghqW  Krystal Heath (@TheFriddle) February 24, 2016Heath said the photo was taken at Cimarron-Memorial High School, a school in Las Vegas. She noted that  Volunteers asked caucus goers to ignore them. The host said the couple claimed to be Trump supporters, but she suspected they were counter-Trump protesters:  Uhm, guys? Do I think they re ACTUAL #Trump supporters? Probably not. Did they say they were? Yes. Was picture taken at #NVCaucus? Yes. When some of her followers noted that the sign held by one of the people said  New England,  Heath indicated that the  woman in photo is wearing a Clark County GOP voting sticker. This was #NVCaucus. It is unclear whether the people in the Klan photos are actual Klan members or protesters attempting to make a point of Trump courting racist voters.Nevada State Senator Aaron D. Ford also posted photos of the people dressed in Klan robes, writing,  friends of mine observed this at a Republican caucus location this evening. I ll admit, I m boiling right now. So, friends of mine observed this at a republican caucus location this evening. I'll admit, I'm boiling right now. ? pic.twitter.com/baDftDUyxm  Sen. Aaron D. Ford (@AaronDFordNV) February 24, 2016A reporter for a Nevada TV station also posted photos, noting,  Many people reported people dressed as KKK outside Cimarron HS Caucus site.  They held up a sign saying,  President Trump Put Up That Wall. Many people reported people dressed as KKK outside Cimarron HS Caucus site. Photo cred: @Savon_Scarver @FOX5Vegas pic.twitter.com/es2mEFRzNU  Christine Maddela (@christnemaddela) February 24, 2016The report on the photo came as a chorus of complaints about the organization behind the caucus started rising on social media. Caucus locations unprepared for the surge of voters, combined with polling booths manned by Trump supporters wearing campaign gear, had some questioning the integrity of the caucus.Even if the photo was from someone opposed by Trump, it speaks volumes that there is even a question about it.Trump of course launched his campaign with an anti-Latino message, and has proceeded to attack Muslims, black protesters, women, and even the Catholic pope.Racists have embraced his campaign. Former KKK leader David Duke endorsed Trump, while a white nationalist super PAC made robocalls backing his campaign.Trump himself has made a habit of reposting supportive tweets from bigots and other white supremacists, though he recently told CNN he didn t know anything about that.Featured image via Twitter",0
7905, Samantha Bee Slams ‘Moderate’ John Kasich’s DISGUSTING Anti-Choice Record (VIDEO),"Full Frontal host Samantha Bee is not known for mincing words, and this time she has turned her attentions to supposedly moderate GOP presidential candidate John Kasich (R-OH). Before the election season heated up, Kasich was not known nationwide, so understandably his relatively non-crazy public persona made him seem like a safe pick next to the clown show that is Donald Trump, and the dangerous extremism of Ted Cruz. However, Samantha Bee wants to warn us to not be fooled by Kasich s not being as openly batty as his fellow GOP presidential candidates.Bee spoke of Kasich s record on her show, in which she reminded everyone that he is very anti-gay and even more anti-choice: In the nauseating bus terminal restroom that is the Republican primary, John Kasich initially seems like the least disgusting stall, but is Kasich really the huggable moderate he s made out to be? The short answer to that question is a resounding NO!! From Salon:Bee noted the candidate s scarcely mentioned record on gay marriage ( Obergefell v. Hodges, the Supreme Court case that legalized same-sex marriage, was originally called Obergefell v. Kasich ) and reproductive rights (citing Michael Gonidakis, president of Ohio Right to Life, who said,  There is no candidate running for president who has done more for the pro-life movement than John Kasich ).That doesn t sound like a moderate at all to me. In fact, it sounds like Ted Cruz part deux, only even more dangerous, because nobody knows what he s really like. Kasich s campaign is built upon trying to make him seem like one of the sane GOP candidates, when, in actuality, he s just as crazy as the rest. Bee continued: If you live outside Ohio, you don t hear much about Kasich s anti-choice record because he hides his abortion restrictions in larger budget bills, where they won t be noticed. Kind of like a desperate, pregnant teenager buying ever-larger sweatshirts. In a lot of ways, this makes Kasich even worse than the others. At least we see their crazy and know what we re getting. Kasich is very adept at hiding his. What does it say about the current incarnation of the GOP that the only  sane  candidate is this guy?Thanks, Ms. Bee, for telling it like it is, as always.Watch the segment below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
7906, Obama Shuts Down Republicans Not Voting On SCOTUS Nominee With One Brilliant Tweet (IMAGES),"Regardless of what the U.S. Constitution says or what the American people are so clearly demanding, the GOP has decided to throw the rules out the window and refuse to hold hearings for any SCOTUS nominee Obama might choose. This is something that Republicans like Majority Leader of the Senate Mitch McConnell and GOP presidential candidate Ted Cruz have been threatening to do since the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia   it s just mind blowing to see it actually happening.President Barack Obama has a presidential obligation to nominate a new Justice, and it is the Senate s job to take a vote on that choice, whether they like it or not. But instead, Senate Republicans are going to leave Scalia s seat empty for the next 340 days, completely disobeying the Constitution and insulting the democratic process. Here are the signatures of the GOP senators that decided they will refuse to vote on Obama s Supreme Court nominee and wait until a new president is in office to replace Scalia:LETTER:  this Committee will not hold hearings on any Supreme Court nominee  until 1/20/17 pic.twitter.com/rMKGkDOn58  Mike DeBonis (@mikedebonis) February 23, 2016It s a major  F*ck you  to Obama and the majority of Americans, who have made it clear that they support the President putting forth a nominee. This kind of resistance has never been seen before with any other presidents, as many historians and political figures have pointed out over the last week and a half.Obama knows it, too, and he hit back at the GOP with a brilliant tweet that summed up everyone s frustration with the situation: With more than 300 days left in President Obama s term, the Senate has no excuse to delay. #DoYourJob pic.twitter.com/ultmGstueA  Barack Obama (@BarackObama) February 23, 2016In his tweet, Obama reminded the GOP of just how ridiculous their delay was by showing them a gif of the number of days between previous Justice s nominations and confirmations. Noting that the Senate Republicans have a constitutional duty to vote on a nominee, Obama followed it with the ever-so-appropriate hashtag #DoYourJob and urged his 70 million+ followers to put pressure on the GOP to do the right thing.TwitterAlthough Obama has yet to select a nominee, the president has said that he will, and hopefully by then this awful back-and-forth with the GOP will have come to an end. Featured image via Twitter and Flickr",0
7907, Watch Ben Carson Tell CNN He’s Ready To Use Magic ‘Truth Serum’ Instead Of Torture (VIDEO),"After Donald Trump declared that he would do far worse things than waterboarding, it has left the questioned to be begged, what should be done to gain intelligence that doesn t involve torture? A very valid question, and one that our intelligence community probably grapples with daily considering, no, you can t torture people to gather intelligence.When posed with this question on CNN, Ben Carson replied that he would promote a much more humane  medical way  of intelligence gathering.Pressed on what this medical way would be by CNN s Poppy Harlow, Carson responded: I believe there are a number of ways to extract information. Including, you know, some medical ways of, you know, putting people into a less than conscious state which allows information to be extracted much more humanely. Carson was then asked to explain further, so he said: Well, the average person might understand it as truth serum. But, you know, there are ways where you decrease a person s conscious defenses and they might be much more willing to give up information. Seemingly perplexed by the concept of a truth serum as though it were coming from a Harry Potter novel, Harlow again asked Carson to explain in greater detail what he means. Carson explained: Sodium amytal, but you know there are a variety of different things we can use now. We ve made some advances in that kind of science. So, instead of torture people, Carson is advocating drugging them against their will. It may seem more humane, but it s not necessarily more ethical.Carson never did actually answer the question regarding if waterboarding should be used, and pivoted away into a non-answer of  I don t think we necessarily need to be broadcasting what we do. Well, okay then. Why answer questions anyway? It s not like he s running for Commander-in-Chief or anything.Watch the interview unfold here:Featured image: YouTube",0
7908, Trump’s Longtime Adviser Officially Banned From Appearing On CNN For Being Too Racist,"CNN announced it would be indefinitely banning one of Trump s biggest cheerleaders from ever appearing on their network for being too racist, too sexist, too violent, and too vulgar. Hey, it s the company you keep, right Trump?As a longtime friend and adviser to Trump and his presidential campaign, Roger Stone was a frequent guest on cable news. Unfortunately, he was also one of the world s biggest assholes. Taking his cue from Trump himself, Stone would often go on unhinged racist and sexist rants targeting  enemies of Trump  he saw in the media. Recently, Stone withdrew from Trump s campaign, but managed to still book himself on CNN at least seven times in the last month to viciously attack Trump s opponents.It s hard to imagine a more repugnant person being allowed to spread his toxic waste on television every other day. He makes no secret of his vileness. On Twitter, he s prone to ugly, violent outbursts at the drop of a hat. Much of his rage is focused on CNN employees. He s called commentator Ana Navarro an  Entitled Diva Bitch  and has repeatedly called former CNN commentator Roland Martin a  negro. @ForTrump2016 @ananavarro no , she's a MORON. Borderline retarded.  Roger Stone (@RogerJStoneJr) February 19, 2016Who is this stupid negro Roland Martin ? Buffoon or token Buffoon ? #CNN  Roger Stone (@RogerJStoneJr) November 15, 2012After being very publicly called out by both Gawker and Media Matters, CNN finally woke up to the fact that they were promoting the racist, sexist agenda of a man who actively hated many of the people who worked at CNN and it s fellow news networks. In a statement, they announced they would be banning Stone, saying  He will no longer appear on CNN. Stone managed to miss the chance to reflect on his own ugly behavior entirely. He blamed CNN s ban on  Hillary Clinton.Funny   seems the Clintons have ordered CNN not to interview me in the future because I am not PC #censorship https://t.co/ppr7o2hfCp  Roger Stone (@RogerJStoneJr) February 23, 2016Trump, of course, is doing little to hide his own racist, sexist sensibilities. Not quite as vulgar as his friend Stone, Trump has managed to attack and smear almost any minority group he thinks he can get away with. His rhetoric has consistently bordered on the violent. Sometimes it spilled over. At a recent campaign event, he told the enthusiastic crowd that he wished he could punch a protester in the face. They crowd went nuts. He also promised as president he would bring back torture and send a private army to round up undocumented families and forcefully deport them.Stone might be too dumb to censor his ugly beliefs, but he and Trump seem to be very much on the same page when it comes to policy.Featured image via Gawker",0
7909, GOP Cut Funds For Veterans And Mental Health And Now We Have A Veteran Suicide Epidemic,"Republicans claim to love our military veterans, but their decisions not only contradict that claim, it s killing the men and women they sent to fight in Iraq and Afghanistan.Veteran suicide is on the rise as GOP lawmakers sit on their hands to make sure nothing is done about it.In 2012, veteran suicides actually exceeded the number of troops kill in combat. According to The Guardian,  349 service members took their own lives in 2012, while a lesser number, 295, died in combat. Yet all Republicans focused on was making sure President Obama could not sign any bills that could accomplish something. And so it has remained that way even as President Obama enters his final year in office. And veterans are still committing suicide at a horrifying rate.The National Veterans Foundation reports that 22 veterans take their own lives every day and that is 22 too many.But Republican lawmakers have only made things worse for veterans over the years, creating a sense of hopelessness that makes it more likely that veteran suicides will continue even as those same Republicans use veterans as a political tool.While Republicans take the stage to blabber about how much they love the military and how much they care about the men and women who return home from combat, their actions in Congress tell a completely different story.Just this past October, Senate Republicans passed the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Bill which cut $857 million from programs that benefit veterans, but had no problem increasing funding for missile programsIn April 2015, President Obama actually had to threaten the GOP with a veto after House Republicans attempted to cut benefits for 70,000 veterans, which included money for education, prosthetic research, and veteran s cemeteries. Overall, the cuts amounted to $1.4 billion. The Veteran s Affairs Funding Bill of 2015 really should have been called the  Screw You, Veterans Bill of 2015. Other pieces of legislation offered by Democrats that would have provided much needed aid to veterans across the country have been killed by Republicans over the years, including the Women Veterans and Families Health Services Act, which would have helped veterans and their spouses seek counseling and fertility treatments.Another veterans bill that was killed by Republicans was offered up by Senator Bernie Sanders in 2014 that would have expanded healthcare and education funding for veterans. But the GOP blocked the bill by attaching sanctions on Iran to it. This is perhaps the most egregious block of any veterans bill since Reuters reported at the time that it would have created 27 new veterans hospitals to deal with the increased load of wounded veterans coming back from war. These hospitals could help prevent suicides because it would cut down on the wait times veterans are dealing with and give them hope that Congress actually cares about them.Remember the Veterans Job Corps Act of 2012? Republicans don t. Because they blocked the bill and never gave it a second thought even though it would have provided jobs to more than 20,000 veterans to help improve their own communities.Republicans also killed a bill way back in 2010 that would have helped homeless veterans, including those with children.And amazingly, that s not all Republicans have done to make the lives of veterans and their families a living hell.For years, Republicans have been viciously attacking the SNAP program, which provides food aid to millions of Americans. Republicans would have you believe that all of these food stamp recipients are freeloaders who don t want to work. But that is hardly the case. Not only do most food stamp recipients have jobs, albeit low paying jobs, 1.7 million veterans and their families rely on the program. So not only are Republicans refusing to help veterans, they are slashing a program that veterans rely on because Republicans refuse to help them.And Republicans have even slashed mental health funding by cutting grants that help states keep a mental health programs in place. Suicidal veterans NEED a strong mental health system most of all, yet the GOP has severely weakened the system for years.With treatment like that from their own government, it s no wonder that veterans are committing suicide. They have no support from Congress and what little support system they do have is being ruthlessly chipped away by Republicans who gleefully use veterans as pawns to improve their political image only to then stab them in the back when they have no further use for them.Imagine if we actually passed all of these bills to help our veterans instead of passing funding for more war. With better education opportunities and much needed mental and physical healthcare and jobs, veterans would not only feel cared about, they would be cared for and not made to feel like a burden. We could reduce the number of veteran suicides in this country.It s an epidemic that must be brought to end and we can start by firing lawmakers who only pretend to love veterans. After all, veterans fought for us. It s time for us to fight for them.Featured image via Flickr",0
7910, The Stupid Is Spreading: Now Darrell Issa Doesn’t Think President Obama Is Black (VIDEO),"When you think of who might be the perfect person to talk about who is black and who isn t, Darrell Issa probably isn t the first to come to mind. He s likely not the second or third or even 1,453rd either. However, the Congressman from California thought it wise to weigh in on Ben Carson s comments regarding President Obama.On an earlier Politico podcast, Carson had said that Obama was  raised white  and can t relate to black Americans: He s an  African  American. He was, you know, raised white  I mean, like most Americans, I was proud that we broke the color barrier when he was elected, but   he didn t grow up like I grew up   Many of his formative years were spent in Indonesia. So, for him to, you know, claim that, you know, he identifies with the experience of black Americans, I think, is a bit of a stretch. So, when CNN s Chris Cuomo brought up these remarks to Issa and asked if this was the sort of rhetoric the GOP should get behind, the Congressman had the audacity to say that Carson is  a wonderful human being and he was technically correct in what he said. Issa did insinuate that this is the sort of thing better said by a private citizen and not if you re seriously considering running for the highest office in the land, also saying that Carson isn t ready to be president. However, the fact that Issa would have the gall to agree with Carson s sentiment is absolutely appalling, yet somehow not at all surprising. Video/Featured image via Raw Story YouTube",0
7911, Americans Demand Obama Pick Next Justice: GOP Gives Them A Huge Middle Finger (VIDEO)," Ever since the passing of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, Republicans have insisted on turning the constitutionally-backed nomination process into a political sideshow to deprive Obama of his legal right to name a new Justice and to deprive Americans of their say in the matter.Senate Republicans, led by their Obstructor-in-Chief Mitch McConnell, have repeatedly made the astounding claim that they will refuse to hold nomination hearings for any person Obama may choose. Sight unseen. Instead, they will spend the next 340 days with an empty seat on the Supreme Court   a glowing middle finger neon sign built in the way of the democratic process.For their part, the American people have made it absolutely clear that this sort of political point scoring is inappropriate, offensive, and unwanted. When Fox News (Fox News!) ran a poll asking if Americans supported Obama naming a new justice, an overwhelming majority said yes.Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia s recent death has sparked a debate over how to fill the vacancy on the nation s highest court. Taking into consideration that it s an election year, which of the following is closer to your view?It s still the responsibility of current leaders, President Obama and the Senate, to take action to fill the vacancy now: 62The president shouldn t get to nominate someone for a lifetime appointment to the high court this late in his term: 34Note that the number transcends partisan lines. Obama s approval rating sits at around 50 percent. In other words, there are many people that may disagree with the president on issues, but recognize the fact that he is within his rights to name a new Supreme Court Justice.Republicans just don t care.Days after the polls began trickling in saying Americans wanted Obama to be able to fulfill his obligations, McConnell and other Republican leaders held a secret, closed door meeting in his office to decide what to do. Their conclusion was to circle the wagons, dig in and stick their heads in the sand. The Party of No is alive and well.Key Republican senators on the Judiciary Committee emerged from a closed door meeting in Majority Leader Mitch McConnell s office Tuesday united in their determination not to consider any nominee to replace Anton Scalia until the next president takes office. We believe the American people need to decide who is going to make this appointment rather than a lame duck president,  said Majority Whip John Cornryn.This is an egregious  screw you  to not only Democrats and the president, but also to the American people more broadly. It s disgusting that Sen. John Cornryn would invoke the  American people  in his disgusting defense of the GOP s actions, because the American people already had a voice when it came to the process   they voted for President Obama. Twice.If there is any good news in a story that is essentially about one political party destroying the fabric of the democracy to get their way, it s this: Republicans may fold their arms and throw a tantrum, but they are showing everyone   Democratic and Republican voters alike   that they only care about their own self-interest. The voice of the people? They couldn t care less. I wonder how that s going to play on election day.Featured image via Flickr",0
7912, Bill O’Reilly Makes Ben Carson Admit ‘It Would Take A Miracle’ To Win GOP Nomination (VIDEO),"Ben Carson just got a reality check he really didn t like   by fellow conservative Bill O Reilly!On Monday night s edition of The O Reilly Factor, the host delivered the hard, soul-crushing facts to the Republican presidential candidate about how improbable it was that he would win the GOP nomination. Basically, O Reilly told Carson  it would take a miracle. Even after an embarrassing loss in the South Carolina primary on Saturday, Carson couldn t come to terms that his campaign was over. He not only told his supporters that he had just as many delegates as the other candidates (aside from the winner, of course), but continued to keep up this act with O Reilly.While trying to convince O Reilly (and possibly himself) that with just  one more point  he would have come in third, O Reilly got fed up with Carson s denial tactics and decided to give him the cold, hard truth. He said: You know me, I m a fairly straight forward guy. It would take a miracle for not only you but John Kasich, at this point, with the delegate situation being what it is, to overcome Trump. While O Reilly still felt there might be hope that Sens. Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Ted Cruz (R-TX) could give Trump a run for his money, O Reilly said to Carson, But for you. Very difficult. It was like O Reilly was speaking to a wall, because Carson continued to believe  a lot of things can happen  and that with only five GOP candidates now, he could be more successful when America focuses on the issues over  personalities. O Reilly kept taking Carson off cloud nine and putting him back into reality, where it was becoming clear that Carson should soon be dropping out of the presidential race. Noting that March 1st was a crucial date for Carson, O Reilly said: You know, doc, I gotta tell ya, I just don t think you re gonna do it. It s not you. It s history. It s almost like Governor Bush in a sense that it was just the wrong time for Governor Bush up against the colossus. Carson reluctantly agreed with O Reilly, but mentioned that Bill Clinton didn t emerge as a success until after the sixth contest   and O Reilly shut him down once again. It became clear that O Reilly already thinks Carson s campaign is over when he asked Carson who he d be endorsing after he drops out. Carson didn t have an answer, and probably isn t ready to accept defeat, but it s clear that he should start thinking about it.You can watch O Reilly break Carson s heart below: Featured image via video screen capture ",0
7913, Ben Carson Makes BOLD Claim That He’d Be The Real First Black President (AUDIO),"One thing in life you never want to do is pretend you know something about another person s life experiences. You ll never know the moments and quality of life someone had unless you actually hear it from that person themselves. However, now, in a last-ditch effort to appeal to voters, Republican presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson has decided to tell us all about how President Obama grew up. In fact, Carson s gone so far as to allude to the fact that actually he would be the real first black president, because Obama was  raised white,  and that Obama doesn t actually understand what it s like to be black.He told the Politico podcast: He s an  African  American. He was, you know, raised white. Putting an emphasis on  African    however, continuing: I mean, like most Americans, I was proud that we broke the color barrier when he was elected, but   he didn t grow up like I grew up   Many of his formative years were spent in Indonesia. So, for him to, you know, claim that, you know, he identifies with the experience of black Americans, I think, is a bit of a stretch. Carson also seems to believe that the racism many are experiencing now, such as young unarmed men being gunned down in the street by those paid to protect and serve, as well as every reason Black Lives Matter needs to exist, isn t really racism as compared to what he went through. Carson implies that his life experiences are the ones that should really count as racism and other people, well, they just don t know. He said: Remember now, I ve been around for 64 years, you know. I ve had a chance to see what real racism is. Carson also claims that he doesn t think the Republican Party is racist. I don t find any particular problem being an African-American in the Republican Party. The people I know that in the progressive side of things, they like to say that the Republicans are racist. I know that. I haven t experienced that. So, because he hasn t experienced it. Well, then, it must not exist. Right?It s as though he believes he s the be all and end all in the discussion of racism. Perhaps if he ever took the time to get out of his own egotistical, self-serving mind, he d understand that racism now, is real racism, too. Every experience is valid. Every experience needs to be heard. And to undermine President Obama, and to make the bold claim that he s not really black because he was  raised white  is not only presumptuous and disrespectful, but outright wrong.Listen to the whole podcast here:[soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/248401712  params= color=ff5500  width= 100%  height= 166  iframe= true  /]Featured image: Flickr",0
7914," President Obama Announces The Major, Unfulfilled Promise He Will Deliver Before Leaving Office (VIDEO)","President Obama delivered an address from the White House on Tuesday to announce a major, unfulfilled campaign pledge which he is going to spend his final months in the White House delivering. He is going to close Guantanamo Bay.There is not doubt that Guantanamo has become a stain on the American flag, and a matter of national shame. As Obama put it: Our closest allies raise it with me continuously.  The creation of an extra-judicial prison, in which human beings are trapped and tortured, outside of all laws covering nations and war is a chapter of U.S. history that every American should relish closing. This should not be a partisan issue. It should be a matter of conscience. If America is to pride itself as a nation of laws, it cannot operate outside of those laws.Barack Obama s criticisms of the War on Terror and his commitment to close Guantanamo formed a central promise of his election to the White House in 2008. Sadly, many of the dreams remained unfulfilled. Drone strikes not only continued, but escalated. The U.S continued to intervene in matters of regime change, from Ukraine to Syria. This left the world with two possible conclusion to draw:Both those options left America, and the world, in a very uncertain era. Either, there is no politician we can trust to lead the nation in a just and honorable manner. Or, even if there is, that person will be unable to effect the change we seek. Both of these issue are a crisis for U.S. democracy and the international community.But Obama s announcement today could well signal shift in U.S. policy at home and abroad ahead of the next (likely Democrat) Presidency. In short, America could be refocussing on domestic policy at home, and good neighborliness oversees.The Pentagon has prepared a full proposal for shut-down, including 13 new sites on U.S. soil to house inmates that cannot be freed or returned to their nation of origin. But the Pentagon and the White House are keen that this is a plan that must be agreed and delivered across the aisles and branches of government. A press release from the Defense Department, stipulates that the plan  does not endorse a specific facility to house Guantanamo detainees who cannot be safely transferred to other countries at this time. The administration seeks an active dialogue with Congress on this issue and looks forward to working with Congress to identify the most appropriate location as soon as possible. In concluding his hour-long review of the plans, and President was unambiguous in his views, stating simply: This plan has my full support. The Pentagon is behind the plan, the President is behind the plan. If Guantanamo Bay is not closed by the time Obama leaves the White House, America and the world will know where the real barrier to progress on this issue resides   with Republican Senators and Congressmen. They are the only ones who stand in the way of putting America back on the right side of history.You can see the President s full address below:Featured image via Flickr Creative Commons",0
7915, New Hampshire Republican Calls Pope Francis The Anti-Christ (IMAGE),"Pope Francis is now the anti-Christ in the eyes of Donald Trump supporters, including a delusional GOP lawmaker in New Hampshire.Nearly a week ago, the pontiff criticized Donald Trump s stance on immigrants by calling him a fake Christian. A person who thinks only about building walls, wherever they may be, and not of building bridges, is not Christian,  Pope Francis said. This is not the gospel. Donald Trump later responded by telling Pope Francis that he ll wish Donald Trump were president when ISIS attacks the Vatican. It was a vicious rant that turned Trump s supporters into instant Pope Francis haters.One of those Trump supporters is New Hampshire GOP Rep. Susan DeLemus, who took to Facebook last Thursday to point-blank call the Pope the anti-Christ.Her original post was just images of her favorite verses from the book of Psalms. But after one of her friends asked her if she had heard Pope Francis  remarks about Trump she commented,  The Pope is the anti-Christ. Do your research. When another friend expressed doubt about the Pope being the anti-Christ, DeLemus responded,  I m not sure who the Pope truly has in his heart. Here s a screenshot of the exchange via Facebook.When asked about her comments, DeLemus told Politico that she was talking about the entire papacy, and used her Geneva Bible as proof that the Pope is the anti-Christ because she claims the Founding Fathers wrote notes in it pointing to the Pope as the anti-Christ. I was actually referencing the papacy,  she said.  And what I wrote after that  do your research,  if you read the Geneva Bible, which is the Bible I use when we study, the commentary is   actually by the founders of the United States actually, the Protestant Church   their commentary references the papacy as the anti-Christ. Yeah, that s not going to make Catholics feel alienated at all. There are 69 million Catholics in the United States, and you have to wonder how they feel about one of Trump s biggest supporters calling their religious leader the most evil figure in all Christendom. Featured Image: Facebook",0
7916, ‘Well-Regulated’ Militia Member Shoots 12-Year-Old Girl In Stomach During Target Practice,"You know that  well-regulated militia  that is mentioned in the Second Amendment? Well, one of their members just shot the 12-year-old daughter of the group s leader. Yes, the same group of  responsible gun owners  our friends on the Right deem necessary to fend off a tyrannical government can t handle their toys well enough to avoid shooting children they inexplicably bring to target practice.The III% Idaho group was meeting at a local gun range after the group, which was involved in the armed occupation of Malheur National Wildlife Refuge last month, decided to enjoy some target practice to blow off the sort of steam one needs to blow off after a total defeat at the hands of a tyrannical government. According to the president of the group, Brandon Curtiss, the  accident  occurred when a member failed to take proper safety precautions while clearing a gun.Curtiss says the weapon discharged, and the bullet ricocheted off a metal table beside a shelter and struck the girl in the stomach. The projectile pierced through the girl s abdomen and exited out the other side   a true testament to freedom. Sandra Sullivan shared a post from the Pacific Patriots Network containing details. While clearing a weapon there was an accidental discharge, the bullet hit the metal table under the canopy area and then ricocheted where it then struck the 12 year old daughter of Sean Odie O Donahue in the stomach then exiting through her side,  Sullivan s message reads.   I spoke to Sean and it sounds as if she is going to be ok, she was able to tell him she loved him as they were loading her into the helicopter. The post then begs for donations to help the girl rather than for justice   the sort that should end with the shooter behind bars for his negligence   reminding members that now is not the time to  ask for details. The III% Idaho group showed up to aid Ammon Bundy in the occupation of Malheur by  securing the perimeter,  but his group s offer was ultimately rejected by the armed insurgency leader. The group also took part in Cliven Bundy s armed standoff with federal officials in 2014   something the FBI may want to remember if they consider any additional charges against militants.Sure, these people believe that they are somehow defending  freedom  by playing cowboy, but in the end they are just a group of people who should never touch a gun   a group that, unfortunately, spends most of its time playing Cowboys and Tyranny.The girl is reportedly recovering from her injuries.Featured image via Facebook",0
7917, Trump Explodes At Smiling Protester: ‘I’d Like To Punch Him In The Face’ (VIDEO),"A few weeks ago, Rachel Maddow did a comparison of Donald Trump and notorious racist George Wallace on her show. One of the points she made about the 2016 candidate and the 1968 candidate is how violent they both are. Like George Wallace, Trump is able to get his crowds riled up into such a frenzy that they start attacking protesters. At the beginning of his campaign, The Donald would do it by screeching  GET HIM OUTTA HERE,  but during a recent event, he actually said he d like to punch a protester in the face.During a campaign event in Nevada on Monday night, Trump flipped out after he was interrupted by some hecklers and said: You know what I hate? There s a guy, totally disruptive, throwing punches   we re not allowed to punch back anymore. In the old days, you know what they used to do with guys like that when they were in a place like this? They d be carried out on a stretcher, folks. Yeah, that imbecile thinks that protesting at one of his events warrants being  carried out on a stretcher.  But he wasn t finished. When one of the protesters was removed by security, the man was smiling and this really pissed Trump off, he said, I d like to punch him in the face, I ll tell you that. There s a guy throwing punches, nasty as hell, screaming and everything else when we re talking, and we re talking out   we re not allowed, the guards are very gentle with him, he s walking, like, big high fives, smiling, laughing   I d like to punch him in the face. According to Politico security admitted that nobody was  throwing punches.  Instead, it looks like Trump made that up to justify his violent words. This is, of course, not surprising coming from a man who once applauded his supporters for kicking and punching a Black Lives Matter protester. It is, however, frightening that this man is in first place in the GOP polls. A man who stands on a stage and incites violence. A man who that is how a president should behave. This is what the Republican Party is offering up to the country: a schoolyard bully. Seriously? And they wonder why their party is slowly dying Watch:Featured image via video screenshot",0
7918, Bill Gates Has Sent A Letter To High Schoolers That Could Change The World And P*ss Off The GOP,"Microsoft billionaire and philanthropist Bill Gates has written a letter directly to America s high school children that could change the world   and it is going to truly p*ss off Republicans.Every year, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation releases its annual letter. But never before has it been directly addressed to high school students. This year s letter was all about energy, how we consume it, how we create it, and how climate change should be the number one issue for us all. Now that the Republican Party has tied itself to the oil industry-funded climate change denial, they could have alienated themselves from a generation who can save humanity from itself. The GOP has become, literally, the only political party in the developed world to endorse the scientifically-bogus denial of climate change.As Business Insider reports:The basic premise of the letter is that many people around the world still don t have access to electricity. Those people   about 18% of the world s population   deserve access to cheap, clean energy. And that  clean  part is very important: We need to get carbon dioxide emissions, which drive climate change, down to zero by the end of the century, in order to avoid dramatic, long-term changes to the world s climate.While achieving this goal will require an energy miracle, Gates calls on Highschoolers to get involved in making that miracle happen   because it is these lofty aspirations that distinguish human beings from their fellow animals. He writes:When I say  miracle,  I don t mean something that s impossible. I ve seen miracles happen before. The personal computer. The Internet. The polio vaccine. None of them happened by chance. They are the result of research and development and the human capacity to innovate.In this case, however, time is not on our side. Every day we are releasing more and more CO2 into our atmosphere and making our climate change problem even worse. We need a massive amount of research into thousands of new ideas even ones that might sound a little crazy if we want to get to zero emissions by the end of this century.This is the message and the attitude that speaks to the Manifest Destiny of America. This is the reason that Republicans will rail against this message with every tool in their arsenal. Because the only thing that ever beats of Project Fear, is Project Hope. At it s core, America is a hopeful nation of dreamers and doers. By sending this message to High Schoolers, Bill and Melinda Gates might just help change the world. They may trigger that hope and ambition in a new generation, and make it immune to the nay-saying and anti-intellectualism of the American Right. In doing so, they won t just save America from itself, but humanity too.Featured image via Flickr Creative Commons",0
7919, WATCH: Fake Fox News Girls Question Conservatives With Hilarious Results (VIDEO),"Watching a good old-fashioned troll perpetrated against the most uninformed American voter, the right-winger, is always a hoot. This HULU production of an episode of Triumph the Insult Comic Dog takes attractive white women to the scene of rallies for candidates, telling ridiculous lie after ridiculous lie.Time and time again the conservative knuckleheads willing to hold a sign for a candidate like Carly Fiorina, Donald Trump, Jeb Bush and more. With realistic looking microphones and presumably cameramen, they capture the beauty and simplicity of the wild American  patriot.  The way they see it they re some kind of dying breed coming together as a movement. The way we see it is a dangerous bunch of people who will believe anything you tell them rallying behind lunatics and narcissistic billionaires.Dangerous is the key word. Godwin saw Donald Trump coming. Godwin s law says all internet disputes eventually end at Nazi, and he who goes there first loses. What else can you possibly equate to Donald Trump s rise to power besides 1936? People are thrilled to be able to hate so openly. Millions of people. They want someone loud and aggressive who will  rebuild our military,  as Trump orders the best of the best of the best for our troops. If you re white, full of rage, rich, or just plain dumb, a Donald Trump presidency is a dream come true. It wouldn t take that idiot but a month to destroy our respect as a country and our economy.That makes people who support Donald Trump fair game. This bit of trickery goes quite a bit further, however, when one of the Fox girls gets a hold of Rick Santorum and asks him about Trump s plan to sterilize Puerto Ricans. Santorum is NOT in favor of sterilizing anyone at this time. The fact that he takes it seriously is comedy gold. Senator Rand Paul gets the same story and says the most intelligent thing of anyone on the entire clip:  I think that s the dumbest thing I ve ever heard. The bonus at the end is just too much. Enjoy it below, courtesy of HULU on Youtube:Featured image from screen capture ",0
7920, TN Lawmakers Got Big Money To Approve 279 Percent Interest Rate Loans (VIDEO),"In 2014, Tennessee lawmakers passed a bill which legalized an entirely new type of loan in the state, often referred to as a Flex loan. These loans have an annual interest rate of 279 percent.According to WTVF, the Flex loan is the brainchild of the payday loan industry. The bill, which allows payday lenders to push these predatory loans in Tennessee, was introduced just as the U.S. Congress was talking about cracking down on traditional payday loans.The Flexible Credit Act, which created the loans and legalized an interest rate of 279 percent, was sponsored by republican State Representative Cameron Sexton.It passed with bipartisan support in both houses.An investigation by WTVF revealed that, just before and just after the bill was passed, at least $400,000 was funnelled to state lawmakers from payday lending companies.The only person to testify regarding the bill was a lobbyist from the payday loan industry.Only one lawmaker, democratic Representative Mike Stewart, questioned the legislation as it made its way through the assembly.Video shows that Representative Stewart, who voted against the legislation, initially asked Sexton about the bill. Do we have any idea as we re passing this bill today, which is creating an entirely new financial product, what it s going to cost the average guy on the street? When Sexton did not have an immediate answer, Stewart continued to press him on the issue. Well what is the APR?  he asked.  I m sure we know it. What is it? What is the answer? What is it? Sexton finally replied, saying,  The highest interest rate that could be charged is 24%. Sexton s answer was deceptive. While Flex loans have a 24 percent annual interest rate, there is an additional interest rate of .7 percent, which is charged to the consumer every single day, throughout the life of the loan.Veteran Joshua Hause had two existing payday loans in Tennessee, before the Flex loans were legalized. His total debt at the time was $925.As he explains here, he was forced to convert the two loans to a Flex loan. He now pays more than $2,000 a month on the $925 he originally borrowed, and his payments continue to grow larger every month.Hause is not alone. WTVF also talked to Tennessee resident Malia Andrews. I just about had a complete meltdown in the car,  Andrews recalled, describing the moment she realized it would take years to pay off her flex loan.She explained,  And only like $20 of my payment was going to the principal and the rest was, like $300, was going towards the interest rate. The single mother said that, if she d known how much the loan would end up costing her, she never would have taken it out. According to WTVF, the bill that legalized Flex loans in Tennessee never addressed the 279 percent APR.WTVF interviewed Sexton on February 17, 2016.NewsChannel 5 Investigates asked Sexton about the exchange on the House floor in 2014:  Why weren t you able to just say  this is what the APR is ? Sexton s response:  I don t think anybody was trying to dodge the question. What happens is you want to make sure the information he s provided is accurate. It gets better.NewsChannel 5 Investigates asked Sexton,  So you d have to do some real math to figure out its 279%. I don t know about real math, but it would take a little work to come up with 278%,  he replied. Watch the video below, courtesy of WTVF.Featured image via video screen capture from WTVF ",0
7921, Low-Income Renters Lose Their Homes To Rich People Because Their Neighborhood Is Trendy,"Maine is one of those beautiful places where bustling metropolises lay hidden in the trees. As  you make your way up 195,  a short hop across I-295 brings you into Portland, where sprawling hills are covered with multi-family dwellings.. Historical landmarks, cemeteries with stones dating back to the American Revolution and old, massive churches intermingle with the modern amenities of city life; a minor league baseball complex and a bustling downtown full of hipster bars and food trucks.It s a pleasant mix of New England quaint meets the rise of the millennials. Maine is one of those misunderstood states because of the rural nature and low population. People think of the rural redneck, pick- em-up truck driving, hick wearing flannel and hunting moose all day for fun. Sure, they exist, by the gross ton. There also exists an urban culture of liberalism that can sometimes take a wrong turn.San Francisco is a great example. A city that prides itself on being liberal just spent more than a million dollars to hide their homeless problem from Super Bowl fans. Rents in the city have increased so much that the middle class can barely survive. Portland, Maine may never be San Fransisco, but it does have some similarly disturbing issues.On the front page of the Portland Press Herald today is a story of a couple dozen residents of an apartment complex in the city. Many of the residents are elderly or disabled and on public assistance. The complex was purchased by a private investment firm, most likely for its aged appearance and high ceilings, something very trendy in urban centers of the northeast. With no current leases left to contend with, the owners of the building just said,  sorry, get out. The units, which were renting at $800 per month and affordable to low-income and disabled people, will probably become buildings full of $300K one and two bedroom condos with re-finished wood floors, cheap granite countertops and stainless steel appliances with great access to the city, public transportation and the food truck district known as the Old Port. The next logical step for most of these people would be to seek housing in Biddeford or Lewiston, the next most likely places to find low-income housing, as Portland is going the way of the latte  and $12 mac and cheese.And yet again the wealthy will succeed in winning yet another battle against the poor. With no real protections in place for this kind of thing, people who are less fortunate take the fall as the ones who need to  move on  and  take personal responsibility.  Imagine for a moment you work a job, the only one you can find, that is in the city you barely squeak by living in, within a few blocks of a public bus route. The next thing you know you have nowhere to stay, you can t shower or wash clothes to go to your job, you have no car and the closest affordable place to live is 30 miles away.What do you do? These are real-life situations that are happening to people who in many cases can t take proper care of themselves. And yes, as a society it is our responsibility to take care of those who can t take care of themselves. Deal with it. You can t let people starve and you can t let them die of exposure because they didn t have a warm place to spend the night.Portland, Maine is a great little city. All hope isn t lost. But when this kind of thing happens and goes unchecked to the point that it s front page news, things are spiraling out of control. Featured image from shneiderpropertymanagement.com",0
7922, Watch Bernie Sanders DESTROY Republican Ranting About ‘Homos’ In The Military,"Newly unearthed video shows Bernie Sanders giving a hatemongering Republican representative a piece of his mind for referring to  homos  serving in the military.The video, from 1995, shows then Rep. Bernie Sanders taking to the floor in the House of Representatives in response to the slur from Republican Rep. Duke Cunningham.Cunningham used the term when he said,  Is there any shocking doubt, the same people that would vote to cut defense $177 billion, the same ones that would put homos in the military, the same ones that would not fund BRAC, the same ones that would not clean up  Then Sanders cut him short:https://www.facebook.com/HuffingtonPost/videos/10153689923086130/ My ears may have been playing a trick on me, but I thought I heard the gentleman a moment ago say something quote unquote about homos in the military,  Sanders said.  Was I right in hearing that expression? Absolutely,  Cunningham responded.  Putting homosexuals in the military. Was the gentleman referring to the thousands and thousands of gay people who have put their lives on the line in countless wars defending this country? Was that the groups of people that the gentleman was referring to? You have insulted thousands of men and women who have put their lives on the line,  Sanders continued.  I think they are owed an apology. Even conservative Republicans don t use language like that anymore (at least in public), but it is jarring to hear that kind of slur from a member on the floor of the House, just a little over twenty years ago.While Duke Cunningham didn t back down to Sanders, a decade after this exchange, karma caught up with him. Cunningham was arrested and charged with accepting at least $2.4 million in bribes and underreporting his taxable income. In 2005 he pleaded guilty to federal charges of conspiracy to commit bribery, mail fraud, wire fraud and tax evasion. He spent 2005-13 in prison.Featured image via screen capture",0
7923, Iowa Voters Couldn’t Tell The Difference Between Ben Carson And A Black Comedian (VIDEO),"It can likely be said that Iowa is one of the whitest states in the entire nation. So white, in fact, that it seems many of the people in the state haven t come into too much contact with any people of color to notice that, no, they don t all look the same. Proof of this can be found in  Triumph the Insult Comic Dog s Ben Carson Social Experiment. According to Hulu: Triumph goes to Iowa to discover if white people tell the difference between SNL comic Tim Meadows and presidential candidate Ben Carson? Spoiler alert: Not so much. In fact, the people who Meadows came into contact with while dressed as Carson really didn t seem to notice the difference between the men whatsoever. He spoke with several people at a local diner. Some who even seemed very excited to finally be meeting who they though was Carson.Meadows was so convincing that he was able to persuade one of the folks at the diner to  stab  him in the belt buckle, just like from the infamous fable Carson had told time and time again from his childhood. However, this time,  Meadows made it seem like he was actually stabbed and left the diner in a hurry to  go to the hospital. By the end of the segment, the SNL alum even had an entire arena full of people fooled as he sang the Star Spangled Banner before a basketball game.All in all, it seems as though far too many people in Iowa can t tell the difference between Carson and just any random black man. Which is sad, yet somehow not at all surprising. Featured image: YouTube",0
7924, Ted Cruz’s Crazy Dad Goes Off About What Will Happen If His Son Doesn’t Win The Election (AUDIO),"Since Jeb Bush started to bring his mother Barbara Bush with him on the campaign trail, it s become more common for the parents of the Republican presidential candidates to swoop in and give their struggling little GOPers a boost.Pastor Rafael Cruz, the father of Texas senator and presidential candidate Ted Cruz, tried to do the same for his own son during a chat with Greg Corombos of WorldNetDaily over the weekend, to basically talk about how his son is going to  eclipse Trump and emerge as the nominee.  Considering that Rafael is Ted s campaign surrogate and a religious man, this of course meant some fear-mongering and crazy Christianity references similar to the time he claimed that God was raising up Ted to be the next POTUS.This time, the elder Cruz was on a real mission to convince America that God is behind his son s candidacy and will make sure that he wins the election. Rafael said: I think what is going to happen is the body of Christ is going to rise up. Believers are coalescing around Ted Cruz and I think when the people of God realize that we need a man of faith, a man of integrity, a man that you can trust his word   two things you can count on Ted Cruz, number one he will tell you the truth, and number two, he will do exactly what he says he s going to do. That Rafael called his son a  man of truth  is hilarious, as Cruz was just slammed in the media for spreading false information about Marco Rubio. Rafael also boasted about his son s ability to be the most outspoken homophobe running for president. Rafael reference the Supreme Court ruling on marriage equality, proudly stating that his son was the only candidate who said the ruling was  not the law of the land, this is an unconstitutional, unlawful decision and five justices have no right to impose their view upon 320 million Americans. Rafael topped off his insane claims with a warning, reminding Americans that  this election is the most important election of our lifetime,  and that if they didn t vote Ted into the White House,  a lot of our freedoms would disappear .You can listen to the crazy interview below:[soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/248365072  params= color=ff5500  width= 100%  height= 166  iframe= true  /]Rafael Cruz honestly just makes his son look like an even more terrifying candidate whenever he speaks. And now that Jeb Bush has just dropped out of the presidential race, Ted might want to rethink having his bible-thumping dad involved in his campaign affairs. Clearly, the GOP needs much more help than mom and dad can give.Featured image is a screenshot",0
7925, It Really Doesn’t Get Better Than John Oliver’s Absolute Destruction Of The GOP On Abortion (VIDEO),"Let s start by saying that abortion in the United States of America is a legal procedure. However, so many  small government  conservatives have absolutely no problem inserting themselves into the health and well-being of women put into situations where they and their doctors should be the only ones discussing what s best for them. Attacking this issue head-on is Last Week Tonight host, John Oliver.Oliver led into the segment saying that he wanted to talk about breast implants, saying: Some are against them, others believe they are fine in rare cases and some think you should be able to get them whenever the f  you want. Oh did I say breast implants? I meant abortion. It was then that Oliver delivered the most severe beat down of conservative restrictive policies on abortion likely ever witnessed on television. It may actually leave you not only angry, but in tears over how horrific so many of these restrictions are.According to TIME: A new Gallup poll revealed that 19% of Americans think abortion should be completely illegal, while 36% think it should be allowed in some cases and 29% think it should be allowed on demand. Despite the fact that abortion is legal in the United States, in the wake of the U.S. Supreme Court s decision in Planned Parenthood v. Casey, there has been an increase in state regulation of abortion clinics, resulting in a decrease in clinics in some states. North Dakota, South Dakota, Mississippi and Utah now only have one clinic per state. Oliver s reaction to that is: Yes, Mississippi now has four times as many esses as it has abortion clinics. These laws are not only restrictive, they are outright dangerous. There are several cases of women and girls absolutely needed to get an abortion, and when those services are denied because some holier than thou zealots in government think that their way should be the only way, these women and girls will get hurt. Not only physically, but emotionally.It is outright infuriating to think about young girls being forced to give birth to their rapist s baby. And if you are in the 19% that thinks these restrictive laws are okay, John Oliver, as well as the rest of everyone who is humane and decent, has a question for you: What the fuck is wrong with you?! Watch the entire segment here:// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Abortion is theoretically legal, but some states make it practically inaccessible.Posted by Last Week Tonight with John Oliver on Sunday, February 21, 2016Video/Featured image: Facebook",0
7926, What Beyoncé Just Announced She Is Doing For The Children Of Flint Is Absolutely Magnificent,"While so many keep trashing Beyonc  Knowles for having the audacity to speak truth to power in her new single  Formation,  the singer/songwriter/actress/entertainer extraordinaire is doing what she always does: be magnificent. With the announcement of her new tour,  The Formation World Tour,  Beyonc  is giving fans the chance to give back to communities in need and through her  BeyGood  initiative partnering up with the United Way she is making sure the children of Flint, Michigan get the clean water they not only need, but deserve.A statement put out announcing her tour says: True to her life s work of always giving back, fans will be given the opportunity to participate in Beyonc s #BeyGOOD initiative supporting local United Way programs and the continued work surrounding the water crisis in Flint, Michigan. United Way of Genesee County has been at the forefront of distributing thousands of filtration pitchers, faucet mount filters, replacement cartridges and truckloads of water to underserved populations to address immediate needs in Flint Michigan. They are also partnering with the Community Foundation of Greater Flint to create a fund that will address long-term developmental, education, nutrition and health needs of the children affected by the Flint Water Crisis. Follow @beygood on Twitter for more information. Beyonc  is stepping up big time where government is letting people down. According to Essence: Funds from the foundation will address the immediate needs of thousands afflicted by the lead-polluted water. Hopefully, those who are responsible, such as Republican Gov. Rick Snyder, for this horrific poisoning of an entire community, are held responsible and face the proper repercussions. In the mean time, Beyonc  alongside Cher and several others, have made sure that these kids who have been poisoned by their government get the clean water they need and the services they deserve.Featured image: YouTube",0
7927, LEAKED AUDIO: MSNBC Worked With Trump During Town Hall To Ensure He Didn’t Get Tough Questions,"For those of us who watched the shameful MSNBC  prime time  Trump town hall event with the growing sense that the network s moderators, Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinksi, were feeding Trump the easiest softball questions, the smoking gun may have just been found. And in the most improbable of places.On an episode of Harry Sheerer s podcast, the long-time Simpsons cast member obtained and then played a tape purported (and later confirmed) to be taken on MSNBC s set during Trump s prime time special. The tape makes it abundantly clear that the network was working hand-in-hand with the Republican front-runner to keep him happy and at ease during what was supposed to be a combative  town hall  Q&A.Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinkski, already long-time personal friends with Trump, have been fending off accusations that they are in the bag for the candidate for weeks. This tape is exactly the opposite of what they needed.As The Wrap noted, the discussions, taken during commercial breaks, center around ensuring Trump is okay with certain questions. Brzezinski can be heard asking Trump if he wants her to skip over a tricky deportation question entirely: Do you not want me to do, the um, the ones with, um, deportation? We really do have to go to some questions,  Scarborough responds before Trump chimes in with,  Nothing too hard, Mika. Brzezinski can be heard saying,  OK,  directly after Trump s remark. The Town Hall never featured a question about deportation. Shearer says the audio came from his  found objects department  and jokes you can cut the adversarial tension there with a knife. A butter knife, but still. At one point, Brzezinski tells Trump she thought he didn t have a great debate performance. Yay! But then Scarborough butts in by assuring Trump  We were wrong.  Wait what? The mood remains friendly throughout. So much for tough questions for Trump, a man who continually accuses the press of being unfair to him.Scarborough, in particular, has been a unabashed Trump superfan for months. By his own account, he s helped Trump prepare for debates and has often gone to bat for the business mogul against whichever group Trump happened to offend that day. After Trump s massive win in New Hampshire, Scarborough and Brzezinksi reportedly celebrated with Trump in his hotel room. The next morning, he was a featured guest on their show.Listen to the leaked audio below via Harry Shearer s Le Show podcast and decide for yourself. (Leaked audio begins around the 21 minute mark.)Featured image via MSNBC",0
7928, Republican Candidate Signs Bill Defunding Planned Parenthood While Calling Himself ‘Moderate’,"Attacking women s health is not a  moderate  position.So, it s pretty easy to call bullshit on Ohio Governor John Kasich s insistence that he is the only moderate Republican left in the GOP field.On Sunday, Kasich signed a bill stripping Planned Parenthood of millions of dollars for performing what Republicans call  nontherapeutic  abortions which are defined as any abortion that isn t in the case of rape, incest, or saving the life of the mother.In other words, Kasich and his conservative supporters in the state legislature are telling Planned Parenthood that if they want to continue being funded, they must deny women their constitutional right to obtain an abortion unless they meet one of the three criteria listed above.The problem with this conservative logic is that only 3 percent of services Planned Parenthood provides are abortion-related. Plus, state and federal funding is not used by Planned Parenthood to pay for abortion.What state and federal funds are used for, however, are crucial medical services that women will no longer have access to because Republicans don t care about collateral damage in their war on a woman s right to choose.According to Huffington Post, Planned Parenthood is about to lose $1.3 million that would have been spent on  HIV testing, cancer screenings and programs that help prevent domestic violence and infant mortality. This isn t even the first time Kasich has attacked women s health since becoming governor.He has also signed bills banning abortion after 20 weeks of pregnancy, banning public hospitals from accepting transfer patients from clinics, and stripping rape crisis centers from funding if they refer patients to an abortion provider.As for the current bill Kasich signed, Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards denounced it and the man who signed it. John Kasich is proudly eliminating care for expectant mothers and newborns; he is leaving thousands without vital STD and HIV testing, slashing a program to fight domestic violence, and cutting access to essential, basic health care. It s clear Kasich has no regard for women s health or lives, and will stop at nothing to block health care for the tens of thousands of Ohioans who rely on Planned Parenthood. And Kasich signed this bill, now one of the most extreme anti-women laws in the nation, as he parades across the country trying to convince everyone, especially women, that he is a  moderate  Republican deserving of their support in his bid to become President of the United States, a position he would absolutely use to ban abortion entirely and eliminate Planned Parenthood.Kasich is not a moderate. He s just another conservative extremist like Ted Cruz.Featured image from Flickr",0
7929, Fox ‘News’ Host’s Head Explodes Over Sanders Supporter’s Moral Stance On Taxes (VIDEO),"Fox Business host, Stuart Varney, had an interview with Nevada Superdelegate, Erin Bilbray, that made Varney get more than a little angry. Bilbray has pledged to vote for Bernie Sanders during the Democratic National Convention. Varney became  hot under the collar  because Bilbray supports higher taxes for the rich.Varney has a net worth of approximately $10 million dollars. That means the financial analyst would probably be paying more in taxes should Sanders win the White House and get some of his proposals passed. Varney argues against Sanders  proposals to make taxes a bit more progressive to address skyrocketing income inequality, saying  You re going to take it off me and give it to somebody else. I got it. Okay. Bilbray defends her position. However, Varney wasn t hearing it. Let s not beat around the bush,  Varney goes on to say.  He is going to take it off me. I already pay 60 percent of my income in taxes and he wants more. Please, don t confuse the issue, he is going to take it off me and give it to somebody else. If you think that s okay, that s fine with me. I don t. Let me move on. Varney, seemingly not wanting to have a conversation about facts or policy, insists on having a conversation about the morality of having the rich pay a higher share of taxes. Bilbray says that she wasn t prepared to have a conversation about morality. Though she thinks it isn t moral for people to be working as they as they are and still struggle just to get by.Varney only repeats his earlier position, while steadily growing angrier.Now, Sanders himself has called income inequality  the great moral issue of our time.  Sanders has revealed himself to have a humanist philosophy on morality. Sanders also happens to have a lot of respected economists who agree with his tax policy proposals too. Sanders recently explained his spirituality, saying: I believe that, as a human being, the pain that one person feels, if we have children who are hungry in America, if we have elderly people who can t afford their prescription drugs, you know what, that impacts you, that impacts me. And I worry very much about a society where some people spiritually say,  It doesn t matter to me. I got it, I don t care about other people.  So my spirituality is that we are all in this together and that when children go hungry, when veterans sleep out on the street, it impacts me. That s my very strong spiritual feelings. It would be a pleasure to see a gentleman like Sanders have this conversation with Varney.You can watch the interview below:Featured image from video screenshot.",0
7930, FIVE Federal Judges Admit That California Is About To Execute ‘An Innocent Man’,"Thirty years ago, the state of California sentenced Kevin Cooper to death. In 2004, his life was spared just hours before he was supposed to be executed. But now, more than a decade later, in a matter of weeks,  he is once again facing lethal injection and even a federal judge agrees that he may be innocent.In 1983, Cooper escaped a maximum security prison and was holed up in an abandoned house hiding from authorities. While he was hiding out in the house, two adults and two small children, just a short distance away in the Chino Hills suburb of Los Angeles were being murdered. When police found the bodies of Douglas and Peggy Ryen, their 10-year-old daughter Jessica, and 10-year-old Chris Hughes they zeroed in on Cooper as the suspect. He was eventually convicted of the crimes and sentenced to death despite an overwhelming amount of evidence that he did not commit the murders.There was one survivor, a then 8-year-old Josh Ryen who had his throat cut and was left for dead. When Josh Ryen recovered from his injuries, he stated that it was three white or Hispanic men that attacked and killed his family and that Cooper was not involved. This started a chain of events that reveal a 30 year cover up and blatant falsification of evidence by police and the prosecutor s office in San Bernadino County.In addition to the child s statement (which he later changed), there was another suspect. When the Ryens were murdered, their station wagon was stolen and witnesses reported that they d seen three men in a vehicle matching its description near the crime. Furthermore, the ex-wife of a white supremacist (Lee Furrow) told the police that her ex had come home wearing bloody pants after the murder. She also said that a hatchet was missing from her home. She gave the police the pants and they never tested them for DNA. Finally, police also found the blood of two other people who did not match Cooper or the victims at the crime scene.Cooper appealed his conviction and although the Ninth Circuit Court upheld the conviction, five federal judges wrote a 103-page dissent, saying: There is no way to say this politely. The district court failed to provide Cooper a fair hearing. The district court impeded and obstructed Cooper s attorneys at every turn. [T]he court imposed unreasonable conditions, refused discovery that should have been available as a matter of course; limited testimony that should not have been limited; and found facts unreasonably, based on a truncated and distorted record. Public confidence in the proper administration of the death penalty depends on the integrity of the process followed by the state  So far as due process is concerned, twenty-four years of flawed proceedings are as good as no proceedings at all. the State of California may be about to execute an innocent man. Unfortunately, the Supreme Court refused to hear the case and that means that his conviction has been upheld. Now, Cooper is just weeks away from execution, he will be the first person in the state to be executed in the state since 2006 if Governor Jerry Brown does not grant him a stay.It is unprecedented to have five federal judges warn that an innocent man may be executed. Frankly, in a case like this that should be all that is needed for a new trial, at the very least.The death penalty is controversial in this country. It is one of those things that even liberals are split on. But whether you are pro- or anti-capital punishment I think we can all agree that if there is the slightest chance that someone may be innocent, the state should not be killing them. And I am saying this to you as a person whose father was violently murdered. Governor Jerry Brown needs to halt this execution. If this man is put to death when there is so much evidence pointing to his innocence, our entire judicial system will be invalidated.Featured image via Save Innocents",0
7931, Elijah Cummings Made Sure The GOP Is Well Aware They’re Hypocritical A**holes Regarding Flint,"There seems to be a definite double standard when it comes to how Republicans in Congress want to go about investigating terrible governors. When it came to investigating former Oregon Governor John Kitzhaber (D), Republicans like Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-UT) were fast and furious with their requests to obtain the information they wanted in regards to a scandal surrounding Oregon s health insurance exchange. However, when it comes to going after Republican Governor Rick Snyder of Michigan over the horrendous Flint water crisis, those same Republicans so adamant at going after a Democratic governor, failed to send requests to investigate Flint.Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-MD) is not about to let them get away with this hypocrisy whatsoever.In a letter sent by Cummings to Chaffetz, who is the Chairman of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Cummings points out the clear double-standard of the committee going after Kitzhaber, but not Snyder in the same regard. And while Cummings does give them some credit for called Snyder before the Committee in March, it is clear that they are not going after Snyder with the same vigor. Cummings wrote: During our meeting last week, you explained that you had spoken directly with Governor Snyder, and you suggested that one reason not to request documents from him is because he might claim that his communications about the Flint water crisis are protected by executive privilege. Although I was not a part of your conversation with Governor Snyder, any claim of executive privilege to withhold documents from Congress would be a surprising turn of events that directly contradicts the Governor s own promises of accountability to the people of Michigan. Cummings also wrote: I believe that the Committee should apply the same standards for requesting documents to all governors, regardless of whether they are Democrats or Republicans. By declining to send any document request at all to Governor Snyder, the Committee is creating the perception of a double-standard in which it has requested documents from a Democratic governor, but not from a Republican governor. He then goes on to give the example of former Oregon Governor John Kitzhaber.It is simply woefully irresponsible to so blatantly neglect going after Gov. Snyder, especially considering the Flint, Michigan water crisis is so irreversibly severe causing lifelong health issues to those affected. Not only should they be investigating Snyder to the fullest extent, but they should be pushing for his resignation, as is what happened with Kitzhaber.Cummings sums it up best when he states: The Committee has never accepted this practice as an adequate standard of investigation, and we should not do so now. Governor Snyder and his staff are central figures in the decision-making process that led to the poisoning of Flint residents, and the Committee owes it to these residents to conduct a comprehensive and bipartisan investigation. Snyder needs to be held responsible and party politics need to be checked at the door. End of story.Featured image via YouTube",0
7932, Ted Cruz’s Dirtiest Little Secret Has Been Right Under Our Noses The Whole Time (VIDEO),"It s fairly well-known that Ted Cruz has few friends, if any at all, in and around the beltway. Cruz has spent the better part of the last two years alienating every single member of Congress possible while showing a level of disrespect for the president that can only be described as disgusting.Ted Cruz stood on the Senate Floor and had himself a little temper tantrum when the Republican leadership passed the omnibus package without defunding Planned Parenthood. He has been known as a know-it-all who nobody likes going back all the way to the Dubyah campaign. How many Texas Republicans ended up NOT working in the White House or nearby? Well there was Ted Cruz.Why nobody likes him is a question of character, You can tell just by looking at him that he s a freak just waiting for a phone call from his mother telling him Jesus said it was OK to nuke North Korea. You can tell when you listen to him speak that his real parents were weasels from  Who Framed Roger Rabbit.  There isn t a single likeable thing about the guy; even his own daughter agrees.Maybe there s some kind of redeeming quality in his past. You can t be in public service for so long and never have done anything remarkable, right? Turns out that is true with Ted Cruz. What he did as Texas Solicitor General is such remarkable douchebaggey that Cruz should never be able to live it down:Yes, that actually happened. Rather than admit the state was wrong about something as simple as a sentencing guideline, Cruz not only agreed that a man should spend more than a decade and a half behind bars, he was willing to take the mistake all the way to the Supreme Court.Ted Cruz, in short, is a pile of pure sh*t.Featured image from Gage Skidmore",0
7933," ‘Affluenza Teen’ Transferred To Adult Court, Faces 10 Years In Prison","Looks like money can t protect you forever if you insist on being a lifelong asshole:A Texas judge on Friday ordered the case of Ethan Couch to be transferred to an adult court, meaning the teenager faces jail time for a 2013 drunken-driving crash that killed four people.The decision by the juvenile court in Fort Worth means that Mr. Couch will spend up to 120 days in jail, then finish his 10-year probation.So he s only getting a maximum 4 month slap on the wrist for violating his probation and fleeing the country. We normal people would be screwed if we tried that, but money still talks apparently. That s the bad news.Here s the good news:Samantha K. Jordan, a spokeswoman for the Tarrant County district attorney s office, said a hearing, which is scheduled for April, would set the conditions of Mr. Couch s probation. If he violated his probation, she said, he could get up to 10 years in prison. It means he will actually be under supervision until 2024,  Ms. Jordan said.  The penalties are tougher, but the way they maintain the supervision is stricter as well. Considering Couch is such a spoiled shit that his parents threw him a going away party after he was busted drinking when he was forbidden from doing so, there is almost no chance that he will be able to stick to his new probation. He ll get drunk again or skip a meeting with his probation officer or do something similarly stupid with the expectation of mummy and daddy taking care of it. But now that he s in the Big Boy justice system, it s very unlikely that the coddling will continue. One more slip up and justice will finally be served on Patient Zero of affluenza.None of this excuses the fact that he got away with the murder of 4 people solely because he was rich, but at least we can trust that his continued irresponsibility will see justice served. Eventually.Featured image via Tarrant County Sheriff s Department",0
7934, Clarence Thomas On The Bench Without Scalia Is A Disaster: He Hasn’t Asked A Question In 10 Years,"Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas is the epitome of conservative obstructionism. As the court evolved over the years, participation from the justices, specifically in the form of questions for petitioners, became a regular part of the system. Clarence Thomas, however, just sits and listens.A man in that kind of position of power who doesn t speak isn t giving petitioners the right to prepare to counter the views he s known to have through his past rulings and written opinions, which people say are stellar. Still, something doesn t sit right with a justice who hasn t asked a question from the bench in exactly one decade.There is some speculation that Thomas is self-conscious about his Georgia accent. He has also admitted that he doesn t like to compete with the louder voices on the court. There was no louder voice than Antonin Scalia. Scalia never missed the opportunity to ask a question he felt needed answering. He may very well be the reason why Clarence Thomas went into super secret quiet mode, chatting small talk with fellow justices only and cracking a joke once a few years ago. The last time he asked a question was on a death penalty case in 2006.Scalia covered what Clarence Thomas needed to hear. Their voting records nearly identical, the well-known Thomas written opinion is nothing but a mirror of what had already been spoken in open court. So what will Clarence Thomas do without Antonin Scalia? He s still got Justice Alito and Chief Justice Roberts, but with Justice Kennedy moving further to the left as America evolves as a society and an open seat that will likely be filled by a Democratic appointment, the days of Hobby Lobby Jesus law and  Citizens United: The repeal of the voting rights act  could very well be over.It will definitely be interesting to see if Clarence Thomas changes with the court.Featured image from biography.com",0
7935, Newt Gingrich Brutally Reminds Fox & Friends That They Created Trump (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s candidacy would not have happened if Fox & Friends hadn t encouraged it all these years. And Newt Gingrich reminded the hosts of the show of that fact on Monday.During the appearance, Fox hosts Steve Doocey and Brian Kilmeade mentioned to the former House Speaker that Donald Trump is the GOP Establishment s worst nightmare because he s a billionaire who  is spending the least amount of money and running away with this thing. In response, Gingrich pointed out that it was Fox News that created the Trump candidacy in the first place. That s because of you guys. Donald Trump gets up in the morning, tweets to the entire planet at no cost, picks up the phone, calls you, has a great conversation for about eight minutes   which would have cost him a ton in commercial money. And meanwhile, his opponents are all out there trying to raise the money to run an ad. Indeed, former Republican candidate Jeb Bush raised and spent millions of dollars but never could take down Trump, eventually dropping out after the South Carolina primary because of that failure.Trump, on the other hand, has been all over the media getting free coverage. Look, you can say that Trump is the candidate Fox & Friends invented,  Gingrich continued.  He was on your show more than any other show. Here s the video via YouTube:But the monster Fox News created has also come back to haunt them. Ever since that first GOP debate, Trump has taken repeated shots at the conservative network for being unfair. He has even said that Fox  is so biased it is disgusting. In short, while some at Fox are bragging that they helped shake up the GOP by helping Trump rise as a GOP contender, some are probably regretting that because Trump is destroying Fox News is the process.Featured Image: Flickr",0
7936, Incredibly Sexist Comment At Rally Earns Kasich Some Instant Karma (VIDEO),"Consider this John Kasich s  Binders full of women  moment: The exact second he reminded the entire country that his views of women are antiquated and misogynistic.At a campaign stop in Fairfax, Virginia, Kasich was making the pitch to a (nearly empty) room of supporters when he went off script to remark that his success in politics was due to   wait for it   women having the courage to leave the kitchen and come help him get elected. We just got an army of people, and many women who left their kitchens to go out and go door-to-door and to put yard signs up for me. It was an incredibly daft remark, especially from a candidate who is sitting so low in the polls that he can t afford to alienate even a single voter much less 50 percent of the country.Needless to say, the juvenile  women spend their time in the kitchen!  comment was greeted with one of Kasich s own supporters turning on him. A woman in the crowd aptly summarized the reaction many probably had when she told Kasich: First off, I want to say, your comment earlier about the women [who] came out of the kitchen to support you  I ll come out to support you, but I won t be coming out of the kitchen. A flustered Kasich is left sputtering meekly. His chances, already grim, becoming more remote by the second.Making things worse, Kasich spent the weekend signing a disgusting bill into law that will go after women s rights in Ohio. The bill, intended to attack Planned Parenthood, will strip funding for vital procedures like STD testing, cancer screenings, and birth control from women s health clinics that also perform abortions. And due to the fact that no federal money goes to abortions in the first place, the budget cuts won t affect abortions, they ll affect everything else. Just one more way Kasich and his party have found to cause damage to women s health as part of their fanatical quest to take down Planned Parenthood.Ironically, Kasich has promoted himself as the moderate choice for the Republican Party. He s repeatedly argued that America should vote for him over the likes of Trump and Rubio because he isn t (quite) as crazy. With his views of women s role in the home (in the kitchen, of course!) and his quest to make it harder for them to receive health care, it s becoming a laughable premise. Kasich is no moderate, he s just typically better at hiding his misogyny.Featured image via YouTube",0
7937," Arrested For Being Sick, Utah Man Dies In Jail","On January 23, 2016, 45-year-old Rex Orval Iverson died in a Box Elder County, Utah jail cell. His only crime was that he had failed to pay a $2,400 ambulance bill.According to his obituary, Mr. Iverson was not a deadbeat. Instead, he was a hardworking man, who took great pride in his accomplishments. Like most people, he held many different jobs throughout his lifetime, but according to his family, No matter what he was doing he always made the best of it. He worked for Peter Kiewit Construction as a heavy equipment operator in Denver, Colorado where he worked on the Trex project. He loved coming home and showing us pictures of what he had done and he took great pride in being able to work on such a big project. His employment with Kiewit Construction allowed him to travel to different states working on the roads. According to Chrissy Sabala, who described him as someone who was  like a brother,  Mr. Iverson s parents were both killed in a car accident.Sabala told the Standard Examiner He quit living when his parents died. Life stood still for him. Sabala says that Iverson continued to live in his parents  home, following their deaths.She described someone who was clearly experiencing PTSD, along with other possible mental health problems, saying  Everything in that house he left exactly like his mother had left it. Mr. Iverson was no longer employed, but Sabala says that he did what he could to help everyone, whether tilling a neighbor s garden or giving of the little he had, in order to help a friend in need.Sabala said that he gave her his beloved Harley-Davidson when she fell on hard financial times.She also stressed that He just didn t have any money,  adding,  When those people died, his life stopped. On Christmas Eve of 2013, because of an undisclosed illness or injury, an ambulance was called to Iverson s home.He later received a bill for $2,400.It was a bill he could not pay.He was sued by the city of Tremonton, which won a small claims judgement against him, after he failed to show up for court.Under Utah law, a person can be jailed for failure to pay a debt, including a medical debt.So if you get sick in Utah and you need medical care, you can be arrested if you can t pay for it.That s what happened to Mr. Iverson.He was arrested for failure to pay his medical debts on January 23. He died in the Box Elder County Jail later the same day.The Northern Utah Critical Incident Investigative Team is investigating Mr. Iverson s death.According to the Standard Examiner, during the 2014-15 fiscal year, the city of Tremonton alone processed 122 civil cases for unpaid debt in Utah s  justice courts. More than half of the judges that hear civil cases regarding unpaid debts in the state do not even have a law degree.In order to become a judge in a Utah  justice court,  all you need is a high school diploma.The Standard Examiner reports that these Justice Court judges hear the majority of cases in the state.Defendants in these courts often have little understanding of the law, and no access to an attorney.Yet, in these courts, a judge with a high school diploma can sentence a person to jail for failing to pay an ambulance bill.Debtors prisons have been illegal in United States for more than 200 years. But that has not kept judges from sending people to jail for being poor.More than 30 years ago the U.S. Supreme Court upheld the ban on debtor s prisons, ruling that judges can t send a person to jail simply because he or she is unable to pay a debt. But a loophole in the ruling allows people to be jailed if a judge determines they  willfully  refuse to pay.But as Think Progress reports here, more people are being imprisoned for unpaid debts than ever before in the United States, in part because of the tactics used by dishonest collection agencies, and in part because judges are not informed about debtor s rights.It s one thing to put someone in jail who willfully ran up credit card debt, and later refused to pay for it. But people who engage in this kind of behavior are often protected by bankruptcy laws.When cities make it a priority to arrest and incarcerate people like Rex Iverson, who simply could not pay an ambulance bill, that s something else altogether.At this time, the cause of Mr. Iverson s death has not been made public. Regardless of what caused his death, this man should not have died alone in a jail cell, where he was imprisoned for the crime of needing an ambulance he could not pay for.Image credit: rogersandtaylor.com, Rex Orval Iverson obituary photo",0
7938, Democrats Go On The Attack Against Voter ID Laws,"Virginia s Voter ID law is being challenged in court and with the loss of a conservative majority on the Supreme Court, this might just be the first domino to fall, signaling the end of wide-spread voter suppression by Republicans:(Reuters)   A Virginia law requiring voters to show photo identification goes on trial in federal court on Monday, with Democratic officials claiming it is discriminatory and aimed at keeping party voters from casting ballots.Defenders of the 2013 Virginia law say that it is aimed at preventing voter fraud. The trial, in U.S. district court in Richmond, Virginia, is one of several voting rights legal battles in process as Democrats and Republicans square off ahead of November s presidential election.The Democratic Party of Virginia and two party activists are suing the Virginia State Board of Elections and want Judge Henry Hudson to strike down the law.The problem for the right is that the premise behind these laws has always been a lie. Republicans only became  concerned  with  voter fraud  when it became clear that their white hegemony was in immediate danger. Adding to this problem was the over-the-top way Republicans attacked people s ability to vote. If Voter ID had been a stand alone law, then Republicans MIGHT have been able to maintain the fiction that it was just about voter fraud. However, they also cut voting hours, the number of polling places (but only in Democratic-leaning areas), made the IDs difficult to get and, of course, kept bragging about how it would hurt the Democrats.And just to be absolutely clear that Voter ID laws are bullshit, here s my favorite quote from the New York Times (4/12/2007):Five years after the Bush administration began a crackdown on voter fraud, the Justice Department has turned up virtually no evidence of any organized effort to skew federal elections, according to court records and interviews.Although Republican activists have repeatedly said fraud is so widespread that it has corrupted the political process and, possibly, cost the party election victories, about 120 people have been charged and 86 convicted as of last year.Widespread voter fraud does not exist.The only way for a court to uphold Voter ID is to willfully turn a blind eye to the glaring pattern of voter suppression Republicans have openly laid out. If you re wondering why they were so brazen, it s because they were quite confidant that the Supreme Court would back their partisan attack on democracy. After all, they gutted the Voting Rights Act by claiming, in all seriousness, that racism in America was over and keeping (mostly southern) states from blocking minorities from voting wasn t necessary. Southern states immediately responded by passing laws blocking minorities from voting.Now that Republicans no longer have a friendly SCOTUS to allow their shenanigans, the number of lawsuits against Voter ID and the laundry list of voter suppression tactics is going to grow. According to Yahoo, Kansas and North Carolina s ID laws are also under fire. Not a great time to be a Republican Featured image via onewisconsinnow.org",0
7939, John Oliver CRUSHES Republican Lies About Supreme Court History (VIDEO),"When a comedian knows more about history than a lawmaker, that s just sad.But John Oliver demonstrated far more knowledge of Supreme Court history on Sunday than Republicans have over the last week since Justice Antonin Scalia passed away.One week after mercilessly slamming Senate Republicans for not doing their damn jobs, Oliver took on Ted Cruz s claim that we have  80 years of precedent of not confirming Supreme Court Justices in an election year,  by pointing out that current Justice Anthony Kennedy was confirmed in 1988.However, Oliver noticed that Republicans are constantly amending their claim.GOP Senator Orrin Hatch, for instance, went on national television to claim that it s been that long since someone has been nominated in a president s last year, prompting Oliver to bring out the fact that Abe Fortas and Homer Thornberry were both nominated in 1968 by outgoing President Lyndon Johnson, which is  mathematically, unhelpfully, less than 80 years ago. Oliver noted that both nominees failed to be confirmed and surmised that that s what Ted Cruz must have been thinking of when he tweaked his previous claim by saying that for 80 years the Senate has not confirmed a nominee nominated in an election year.And once again, Ted Cruz was proved wrong. That s so close to being true,  Oliver said before noting that Justice Brennan was confirmed in 1956 and Justice Murphy was confirmed in 1940.Clearly, these claims are just a excuse for Republicans to avoid doing their jobs as the Constitution requires, which brings us to the most hilarious part of the segment.Oliver played an ad from the conservative Judicial Crisis Network that used stock footage of ethnically diverse Americans to make the case that the American people should have a voice in the nomination process by letting whoever is elected as the next president pick the nominee.That didn t sit well with Oliver, who made it clear that the American people elected President Obama to make these decisions three years ago and he still has nearly a full year in office left. We should let President Obama do his job, Oliver said.And then he totally lampooned the Judicial Crisis Network with an ad of his own using the same kind of stock footage to make the case.Here s the video via YouTube:Once again, John Oliver puts Republicans in their place by demolishing their excuses for refusing to hold confirmation hearings for any nominee President Obama puts forward to fill the vacant seat on the Supreme Court.Featured image via screenshot",0
7940, WATCH: Donald Trump Fits In Perfectly As Villain On Game Of Thrones Mashup,"Donald Trump s statements are frightening to those who see the danger of his rise and his antics are certainly theatrical. Maybe that s why he fits in perfectly in this amazing Game of Thrones mashup clip.Watch Video Here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I0tE6T-ecmg]His face, along with quotes from his speeches and interviews, is cut into a mashup of the HBO hit drama as the viewer gets a sense of both the hilarity as well as the absurdity that is Donald Trump. It seems that Trump fits in quite well in the Seven Kingdoms. Produced by Australian satirist Huw Parkinson, the video begins with Trump turning away Daenerys Targaryen from the city of Quarth.Trump later attacks Pope Francis for criticizing him and complimented himself, saying he was a  nice guy.  He also said that he s going to build a massive wall and negotiates with Littefinger.Although the video is entertaining, it also sends a strong message about both the absurdity and the danger that is Trump. If his current stances on everything from banning Muslims to attacking Mexican immigrants are backed up with actual power by winning the presidency, then he ll not only be a danger to those communities, but will bring to power all of the racists that have backed him thus far, making America quite a dangerous place. Featured image via screenshot",0
7941," WATCH: Nevada Caucus Chair Breaks Rules, Counts Non-Existent Voters","On February 20, Justin Linden went out to caucus for Bernie Sanders in Clark County, Nevada.As he was waiting to be counted,  he says he saw a volunteer begin passing out ballots to Hillary Clinton supporters, who already had ballots in their hands. When he tried to ask why this was being done, Linden says his questions were ignored.That s when he took out his cell phone and started recording.Over the next 28 minutes, Linden captured footage that shows how easily the caucus process can be manipulated.At the time of the count, there were 33 caucus-goers present to support Bernie Sanders. There were 21 present to support Hillary Clinton.According to caucus rules, only people who are actually present are supposed to be included in the final tally.Yet after the official count was taken, Linden was stunned to see officials adding ballots to the count, from people who were not there.Suddenly, to everyone s surprise, the count on Hillary Clinton s side began to rise.Another caucus-goer, Rhiannon Frauenfeld, confirmed that this is exactly what happened.Frauenfeld told Addicting Info:With the paper ballots of absentee people included, it was 42/31 Bernie still leading. As she went to walk away after counting the Hillary ballots she turns back around and pulls out ballots that were in her hands and counts several more. This is when we were all confused because we didn t know where these ballots came from. She had been holding everything so we didn t know if they were ballots she already counted or where she got them.It gets worse from there.As documented in Linden s video, the tally on Clinton s side continues to rise, although no-one is sure where these extra ballots keep coming from.Linden provided us with a timeline from the video, noting that all of the volunteers mentioned were wearing Hillary Clinton shirts.Here s an overview of the major events, as Linden describes them;6 minutes: Volunteer claims Hillary now has (37) ballots. Is questioned where the extra ballots came from and does not reply.7.5 minutes: Volunteer 1 claims there are even more ballots to add to the count.10.5 minutes: Volunteer 1 claims there are even more ballots to add to the count.12.25 minutes: Volunteer 1 comes back and says  with the extra added,  both camps are tied (42) to (42). The delegate count is (7) to (7). She had not collected ballots from people present at this point.13 minutes: Volunteer 1 collects the ballots of those present14 minutes: Ballots are collected from Bernie s camp, but handed back out to Hillary camp.16 minutes: Volunteer 1 hands ballots to Hillary side, claiming they are filling out second alignment. Bernie s side does not get this opportunity.17 minutes: Volunteer 1 and Volunteer 2 begin counting physical ballots.17.5 minutes: Additional ballot handed to Volunteer 2 from off camera and added to count.19 minutes: Count of (37) for Hillary, Count for Bernie (35) ***Numerous ballets now missing***As the events were unfolding, Frauenfeld placed a call to a legal observer, who confirmed to her that a person must be present in order for their vote to be counted during the caucus.Frauenfeld told Addicting Info:While I m on the phone with him I hear the woman conducting the caucus say now the numbers are at 42 to 42. As I try to approach her and tell her that she can only count people who were there and we can demand a recount, she kept telling me to go away.This encounter is also captured on Linden s video.You can watch the entire video, via Justin Linden on Facebook, below. // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Voter fraud. Woman hands out completed ballets for people who are not there. And they get counted despite numerous  Posted by Justin Linden on Saturday, February 20, 2016Linden points out that there is no way to know if the extra ballots were filled out by actual voters. Nor is there any way to know if people filled out multiple ballots.In any case, according to the Nevada Democratic Party s website, people who are not physically present cannot be counted during a caucus.Frauenfeld told us: While I can t say conclusively that I believe that the conduct was a deliberate attempt to cheat the count, it raised doubts about the legitimacy of the process. I feel there was an attempt to skew the results toward Hillary, their favored candidate. Linden told us he believes that the volunteers were aware that they were only supposed to count people who were present.He told us, I find it strange that it was called as an even tie, before the volunteer actually collected the ballots. Linden also said, I find it more strange that Hillary s number kept going up with every count, and that was fine with them, but when a third of the Bernie ballots disappeared, it wasn t an issue. Image credit: video screen capture via Justin Linden on Facebook",0
7942, Someone Just Turned The Lights Off On Donald Trump (VIDEO),"It looks as though someone just finally had enough of looking at Donald Trump s face, because at a rally on Sunday in Atlanta, Georgia, while Trump was in the midst of speaking, the spotlight lighting up the stage went completely dark.According to the Associated Press: A protester at a Donald Trump rally in Atlanta, Georgia cut the spotlights Sunday, prompting a surreal scene in which Trump led his supporters in a chant of  Turn off the lights! Lighting director Bob Hunter told The Associated Press that he stepped away from his booth near the front of the stage for a quick bathroom break.However, Trump being the Trumpiest Trump that he could be, played it of, saying,  They didn t pay the electric bill.  Even going so far as to say that he preferred the light being off. God forbid he be seen getting bested by a protester. Oh, heavens no. So, once the lights were restored he said,  They re too bright, turn them off!  and gets his minions to chant,  Turn off the lights!  It was then that the lighting director quickly obliged.Now, whether it was a protester or just a technical difficulty, that has yet to be fully determined, but either way, it is very true that Donald Trump looks much better with the lights off. Hell, even he agrees.Watch all the mayhem unfold below:Featured image via Screengrab  from CNN",0
7943, 106-Year-Old Woman’s Dance With The Obamas Is The Most Adorable Thing EVER (VIDEO),"You might just die of cute when you see the video the White House just posted. 106-year-old Virginia McLaurin had always dreamed of going to the White House. Her dream was just fulfilled, and she got to dance with President Obama and the First Lady. They laugh, they joke, and she is just so excited. The Obamas compliment her beautiful manicure, and she expresses just the most ecstatic happiness. She says she is there to celebrate Black History Month. The White House just posted the video with the caption:What s the secret to still dancing at 106? Watch 106-year-old Virginia McLaurin fulfill her dream of visiting the White House and meeting President Obama. #BlackHistoryMonthAnd here is the embed of the post:// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;What s the secret to still dancing at 106? Watch 106-year-old Virginia McLaurin fulfill her dream of visiting the White House and meeting President Obama. #BlackHistoryMonthPosted by The White House on Sunday, February 21, 2016This is just another reason in a VERY long line to love our current First Family, and why we will miss them so much.Congratulations on fulfilling a lifelong dream, Mrs. McLaurin.Featured image via video screen capture",0
7944," The Pope Gets VISIBLY Angry And Scolds Man, But For All The Right Reasons (VIDEO)","One of the most beloved public figures in the entire world is Pope Francis. He has seemingly restored grace and dignity back to the Vatican, where most people were losing hope and feared that corruption and deceit had taken too much of a stronghold. Pope Francis  humble nature and openness to the world has the world humming with gratitude for a return to solemnity within the Vatican walls, so wherever he goes, massive crowds follow who want to meet him, or if anything, merely catch a glimpse.However, it looks as though one person became too eager and failed to recognize others around them in their own selfish desire to come into contact with the Pontiff.According to Inside Edition: In a rare sight of public agitation, Pope Francis lost his composure as he greeted a crowd of worshippers in Morella, Mexico. When a devotee grabbed him by his cassock and wouldn t let go, it caused the Pontiff to fall into a wheelchair-bound man. The Pope sternly told the man in Spanish  don t be selfish.  Pope Francis recovered and kissed the man on the head following the incident. He waved to people in the open-air gathering for a few more minutes after the incident before leaving. Pope Francis was exactly right to get mad at what this person was doing to him and made him do to another. They were being selfish and needed to be told that what they were doing was unacceptable. And as far as the Pope showing he was upset, that s more than okay, too. Heck, even Jesus tossed a few tables in anger back in his day.This is more than just a soundbite for a story, but a lesson in life. You may want something for yourself, but always respect and think of others who may get hurt if your quest for selfish glory. Featured image via YouTube",0
7945, These Ladies Just Created The Most Adorable Song EVER For Hillary (VIDEO),"People have all kinds of ways of supporting their favorite candidates. Some go to rallies, knock on doors, or donate and raise money. However, others get more creative, and that is just what two Hillary Clinton supporters from Missouri.Social entrepreneur Antonio French tweeted the best video ever of a tribute song written by the two ladies. The lyrics are uplifting and the setting is some sort of Hillary support site. In the introduction, the ladies say the following about their little project: We wanted to write a jingle that we thought would address all the issues she represents. Certainly, the little ditty does that, as its chorus says:She s proven and she s tried, she s on the people s side!Oh, Hillary, she ll get the job done, Oh Hillary, she ll get the job done!Here is the tweet, with the video:These ladies wrote a song for @HillaryClinton ? and it's been stuck in my head for days. #ImWithHer @MO4Hillary pic.twitter.com/avPlDz1J5b  Antonio French (@AntonioFrench) February 21, 2016The song is set to a gospel style tune, and the passion of these ladies  support for the former Secretary of State shines bright and clear. They seem to be ecstatic and excited about their candidate, which is what makes election season so awesome   that fire that just isn t present in quite the same way at any other time.Well, done, ladies! No matter who you support, this is a definite must see.Featured image via video screen capture",0
7946, Here’s What Rubio REALLY Said In That Viral Video Where Cruz’s Team Claims He Bashed The Bible (VIDEO),"How fanatical is the Republican Party in 2016? Even Marco Rubio is being painted as an atheist.While Donald Trump maintains a huge lead over his competitors, Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz are shooting for second place   and things are getting nastier by the minute. In a particularly egregious   albeit not surprising   bit of mudslinging, Cruz s campaign spread an outrageous video they claimed showed Rubio telling a Cruz campaign staffer that he hated the Bible. That s right, Marco  I could look a rape victim in the eye and tell them not to have an abortion  Rubio hates God. Or so Cruz s team would have you believe.The video, released by the right-leaning politics section of the The Daily Pennsylvania, captures a candid moment between Rubio and one of Cruz s campaign staffers named Christian Collins. Rubio walks by Collins, seated next to Cruz s (batshit insane) father, Rafael Cruz, and reportedly pointed to a bible Collins was reading, telling him  Not many answers in it.  The Daily Pennsylvania even helpfully provides captions for this exchange so you can comfortably ignore the fact that this was absolutely not what Rubio said.Many news outlets ran the story without even a hint of skepticism. Gawker framed it as Marco Rubio  trying to talk smack.  But if you listen to the audio and ignore what the captions are telling you Rubio is saying, the conversation seems much less hostile. In fact, Rubio appears to be trying to bond with the Cruz staffer over their shared love of the Bible.Listening to just the audio, Rubio clearly says: Got a good book there? Every answer is in there. Especially in that one. That interpretation would make sense because Marco Rubio is a religious fundamentalist who, like many Republicans, believes God has ordained him to become president. His stance on things like gay marriage and abortion are derived from his literalist reading of the Bible. He really believes that  every answer is in there.  The idea that Rubio decided to out himself as an atheist to a random Cruz staffer and Cruz s dad, thereby effectively ending his own campaign, is so ludicrous that only a particularly dim Cruz fan would be gullible enough to actually buy it.Many of them did. Some with a splash of anti-Catholic bigotry.Despite the logical leaps, Cruz s campaign limply tried to spread this rumor as well. Why waste the moment, right? It was painful to watch. Here s Rick Tyler, a Cruz staffer, tweeting a link to the  Rubio hates God  story.What better way to shed that stigma of running a dishonest campaign than to push a story that Rubio hates the Bible. pic.twitter.com/nVzXPFG3j0  Josh Jordan (@NumbersMuncher) February 21, 2016Almost immediately, the  higher ups  in the Cruz campaign realized this story was a disaster in the making. They were okay when Cruz suggested Trump would abolish the Second Amendment. They were okay when Cruz told Iowans that Ben Carson had dropped out of the race on the night of the caucus. They were not okay with selling a narrative that Marco Rubio was an atheist.Cruz campaign, at the highest levels, tell me that this was a horrible media baited situation (my words). They confirm Rubio praised Bible.  Ali A. Akbar (@ali) February 21, 2016Cruz s campaign has since frantically walked back its initial jabs at Rubio, but it s clear that this represents a defining pivot for the race. Cruz, already perhaps the most underhanded candidate in modern politics, is just chomping at the bit to pounce on Rubio, his closest competitor. He is particularly interested in going after Rubio s faith, because Cruz s entire candidacy relies on appealing to the Christian Right. It s only reasonable to suspect Cruz will continue to remind his evangelical followers of Rubio s Catholicism and, if he can get away with it, his  atheism. Featured image via YouTube screengrab ",0
7947, This Conservative Wants To Let Scalia Vote From The Grave On SCOTUS Cases (VIDEO),"In an obvious scheme to keep the Supreme Court slanted their way, a conservative lawyer in Arizona claims that Scalia can and should be allowed to vote from beyond the grave.When Justice Antonin Scalia died just over a week ago, he left behind some major cases that could have been ruled 5-4 in favor of conservatives, including an anti-abortion case, an Affordable Healthcare Act contraception case, a case involving public sector unions, a case on voting rights, and a case on affirmative action just to name a few.Conservatives were foaming at the mouth in anticipation of winning most, if not all, of these cases. So it s understandable that they were disappointed when Scalia passed away before decisions could be made on these cases.But one conservative attorney in Arizona is throwing a desperation Hail Mary in an effort to make sure conservatives continue to control the Supreme Court 5-4 even though the composition of the high court is now 4-4.During a KPNX panel on the status of the Court, Kory Langhofer claimed that Justice Scalia should be allowed to cast a vote even though he is dead. There s no Ouija board required to figure out how Justice Scalia would vote on these things, he s already voted,  Langhofer claimed on Sunday. He explained that all of the Justices meet and discuss the case before one Justice goes off to write the decision. And that is why Langhofer thinks Scalia can still vote on these cases.  We re at the second-to-last step in how these cases unfold when Justice Scalia died,  he said.  We know exactly what he thought. And it s not unprincipled to say we should give affect to that. Langhofer then used an example of a US Senator dying after the Senate sends a freshly passed bill to the President after the Vice-President casts the tie-breaking vote.The problem with comparing Congress to the Supreme Court is that the senator had already cast their final vote on the bill, whereas Justice Scalia might have changed his mind anytime between discussion and writing an opinion. And that s how attorney Thomas Ryan explained it to Langhofer. Justices, after they do the conferences can also change their minds,  he pointed out.  The general rule is dead justices don t vote. I mean, that sounds cruel, but that s it. Here s the video via YouTube:But Langhofer continued to argue that Justice Scalia s conservative ideology should be used to decide cases with his opinion even after his death.Of course, if that s the case, why not continue to use long-dead Chief Justice Roger B. Taney s notes to let him vote on cases today? I m sure the author of the Dred Scott decision in 1857 would love to be able to cast votes in cases involving civil rights. After all, we know how he would vote on these things. Or how about we let former Justice Harry Blackmun, who died in 1999, vote on any upcoming abortion cases? After all, we know how he would vote on these things considering he authored the Roe v. Wade decision.112 Americans have sat on the Court. 11 of them still live, but only 8 are still active Justices. So it would be a pain in the ass to access how each of the 101 dead Justices would vote on a Supreme Court case in the present day. Only a living Justice can make a decision, and none of the cases Scalia was discussing reached a final decision because no decision is final until it is announced. Justices can and have changed their minds before at the last minute and there is no way of knowing what Scalia would have done had he still been alive, even with notes kept by the Chief Justice. And that s why dead Justices do not get a vote on the Supreme Court.This is nothing more than a ploy that conservatives are toying with to keep Scalia on the high court for the next year while Republicans block President Obama from nominating a living person to fill the empty seat. It s a dangerous slope that threatens our Constitution, which, by the way, says nothing about letting a dead judge continue to issue rulings until a new judge replaces them.The bottom line is that Scalia is dead, and while that is tragic for his friends and family, the Supreme Court must move on and that means a new Justice must takeover whether conservatives like it or not.Featured Image: Flickr",0
7948, Telecom Company Gets The F*ck Out Of Georgia After Lawmakers Legalize Discrimination,"Georgia lawmakers  recent decision to  protect the First amendment  by legalizing anti-lgbt discrimination has cost numerous citizens their jobs as a telecom company responded to the news by getting the f*ck out of Dodge.The New Civil Rights Movement reports that 373K, Inc. announced  it s time to relocate  after the passage of the First Amendment Defense Act, HB 757. We are very saddened by the Georgia Senate which passed #HB757 also known as #FADA,  the company announced via Twitter.The sweeping legislation would protect anyone who chooses to discriminate against the LGBT community, interracial couples, single mothers, divorced individuals, people having sex outside of marriage, and more. One Georgia lawmaker even proudly admitted the legislation would protect the Ku Klux Klan s agenda. In a letter prior to the bill s passage, Americans United for Separation of Church and state Legislative Director Maggie Garrett urged lawmakers to oppose the horrific legislation, pointing out that it would allow individuals, businesses, or even taxpayer-funded organizations to refuse services and benefits based on arbitrary objections to that person s lifestyle choices, sexual orientation, socioeconimic status, and a number of other factors: I m gay, our CFO is gay, we have people from every walk of life working here,  373K Co-founder Kelvin Williams told The New Civil Rights Movement Saturday. I ve got Muslims, Buddhists, atheists here,  he added.  We ve got great Christians working for us. They ve never thought of not serving anyone  that s not the message of Christ. We don t tolerate that crap,  Williams said, explaining that the anti-LGBT bill is  not conducive for Georgia,  where the business environment in the state is not that great anyway. It s sad our state government wants to take us back in time,  Williams said.  I wish Georgia would wake up.  He laid out the true meaning ebhind the bill, which lawmakers falsely claim will not permit discrimination: If you re not a white married Christian heterosexual, prepare to be persecuted. Williams says that his company will not do business with  fake Christians  who support the legislation.Unfortunately, the state of Georgia is about to learn a hard lesson about discrimination. Last year, businesses pulled out of Indiana after the state passed  religious freedom  legislation that also allegedly did not allow discrimination. After a pizza shot proved lawmakers  false claims wrong by acting to discriminate against gay and lesbian couples before the ink was dry on the Governor s signature, the law was swiftly changed.Good luck, Georgia. You ll need it.Featured image via screengrab",0
7949, Watch Marge Simpson Have The Panic Attack We’re All Having Over The 2016 Election (VIDEO),"If there s one thing that can likely unite all Americans regarding the 2016 presidential election, it s a general feeling of panic and uncertainty. At this point in the race, everything is still relatively up in the air in regards to who will be the nominee from either party, and most certainly who will win the White House come November.Perfectly encapsulating the panic and uncertainty we re feeling are the folks over at The Simpsons. They depict Marge Simpson waking up in the middle of the night anxious and annoyed. She utters: I can t take it! I m hyperventilating. I can t take it anymore. Basic manners are gone from politics. What is it with these ding dongs?! From there, Homer is able to calm her back down and get her to imagine all the candidates getting along, even doing a song and dance number with one another. He says: Marge think good thoughts  I know things look bad now, but just try to visualize another America. One where Republicans, Democrats and Donald Trump ALL get along. However, reality slowly creeps back in as the candidates start going relentlessly after each other. This is when Homer chimes in,  I m sorry, honey. I guess dreaming doesn t work. The reality of the situation for all of us actually living through this bizarre election is that things have the chance to change every single day. So, when Marge Simpson utters,  I want to see who wins,  we can all be in agreement with Homer when he says,  we all do. Featured image via YouTube",0
7950," Chuck Todd Cuts Off Cruz’s Delusional ‘Victory’ Speech: Dude, ‘You Finished Third’ (VIDEO)","By absolutely every metric imaginable, Cruz s performance in Saturday s South Carolina primary was a disaster. In a state which has a massive E vangelical Christian population and a thriving anti-gay community, Cruz, the man whose entire campaign is built on those two things, got walloped by Donald Trump, and edged out by Marco Rubio. Jeb Bush may have dropped out, but for Cruz, South Carolina might as well have ended his campaign.So it was baffling to see that the Texas senator was on the Sunday morning political talk shows putting on a brave face and claiming that an embarrassing third place finish was actually a big win for him. Things went from surreal to down-right delusional on Meet the Press, where Cruz gave an unsolicited victory speech like he was already elected president. It was painful to watch and host Chuck Todd quickly moved to put Cruz out of his misery. There is now only one strong conservative in this race who can win,  Cruz opined.  We see conservatives continuing to unite behind our campaign. Our campaign is the only campaign that has beaten Donald Trump, and that can beat Donald Trump,  he continued.  So, what we re seeing is Republicans coming to us in incredible numbers. Todd wasn t having it.  Wait a minute,  he interrupted.  You finished third in a state with the highest evangelical turnout that we ve seen yet. And you finished third! Cruz continued on with all the confidence of an asylum patient.  We effectively tied for second.  (Bullshit detector: Blaring.)Cruz is hoping to persuade Americans that his win in Iowa, not his devastating losses in New Hampshire and South Carolina, is a sign that he can sweep other primary states. However, he never mentions that Iowa has long been considered a toss up. Literally anybody can win Iowa. Rick Santorum won Iowa. Rick Santorum!What South Carolina proves is that even the people who Cruz panders to don t like him very much. If Evangelicals are flocking to Trump, a man who has had several divorces, was until recently pro-choice, and has no idea what s in the Bible, then Cruz is screwed. The writing is on the wall.No wonder Trump has been quietly shifting his attacks towards Marco Rubio rather than focusing on Cruz. He s focusing on the bigger threat. Everyone but Cruz seems to know it.Featured image via NBC screengrab ",0
7951, CNN Slams Trump For Courting Black Voters While Retweeting White Supremacists (VIDEO),"CNN hammered Trump for retweeting white supremacists while claiming that he ll get a  tremendous amount  of support from African-Americans.Donald Trump won the South Carolina primary on Saturday propelled partly by incredibly racist rhetoric about Muslims, and he has been criticized in the past for repeatedly retweeting posts made by white supremacists even while insisting that black voters are going to support him.But CNN host Jake Tapper called out Trump on Sunday for what smells like very strong bullshit. A lot of Republican leaders in D.C. struggle to envision you accomplishing this,  Tapper began after referring to Trump s plan to attract the support of black voters.  Especially given the fact that there are white supremacist groups and individuals like that who support you, some of whom you ve even retweeted. Of course, Trump responded by claiming that he has no idea what Tapper is talking about and went on to claim in classic Trump form that African-Americans are going to come around and start flocking to his campaign. Well, that, I know nothing about. I don t now about retweeting. You retweet somebody and they turn out to be white supremacists. I know nothing about these groups that are supporting me The other thing is African-American voters, I think I m going to get a tremendous amount,  Trump opined.  And you ve seen the stories where African-American leaders are saying,  You know, my people really like Trump!  Because I m going to bring jobs back from China and Mexico and Japan and Vietnam and India and all these places,  he added.  I m going to do great with the African-Americans. Here s the video via YouTube.According to data published in January, 62 percent of the accounts Trump has been retweeting are connected to white supremacists so it s hard to believe that Trump doesn t know what he s doing.In fact, Trump is the candidate who is single-handedly responsible for the sharp rise in the number of KKK chapters across the country.So, it s not only difficult to believe that Donald Trump knows nothings about his Twitter shares, it s impossible to believe that African-Americans will flock to his campaign knowing that he is mostly supported by racist group that hate them. Feigning ignorance does not absolve him from responsibility.Featured image via video screen capture",0
7952," The Church Is Dead, We’re Close To Another 9/11: Glenn Beck Freaks Out As Ted Cruz Loses","After winning the Iowa caucus, Ted Cruz is following the pattern of the last two Republicans who won that contest and fading out of the presidential top tier, losing both the New Hampshire and South Carolina primaries. This is very sad for self-described  rodeo clown  and conservative radio host Glenn Beck.Beck endorsed Cruz and has been on the trail with the candidate, touting him as the direct heir to George Washington. But now that Cruz s path to the presidency is getting bumpy, Beck is starting to sound somewhat detached from reality.Beck has called for Cruz supporters to join him in a fast in honor of the candidate. If that sounds like a strange thing to do you aren t alone. Even among conservatives, some have pushed back on Beck s suggestion.In response, Beck is now saying that the backlash proves that the church is  dead.  He wrote a message to his followers on Facebook as part of his push back:Since when has a fast and prayer been crazy?It was standard practice to beseech the powers of heaven for not just your country but personal guidance and revelation at one time.Have we really become a nation that mocks those who pray and fast?The sad answer is yes.I am not telling you who to vote for. I am asking people to pray and humble themselves before the Lord. If you wish to do that for your candidate please do so. God will not answer you or me. With prayer and fasting, approached with humility and a broken heart, we may fall closer into alignment with His will.Beck goes on to say that  we are closer to losing our nation and Liberty than we were on September 11th.  In his view, candidates like Marco Rubio and Donald Trump are not pure of heart enough to save America the way that Ted Cruz would.Beck is prone to dramatics and oddball announcements   which are part of the reason he was eventually let go from Fox News.Having a freak out over Ted Cruz s lackluster performance is just the latest episode of Beck having a tantrum when he doesn t get his own way.Featured image via YouTube",0
7953, Another White Guy Goes On A Shooting Spree And Officials Refuse To Call It Terrorism (VIDEO),"Six people are dead after a white, domestic terrorist went on a shooting spree in Kalamazoo, Michigan on Saturday, and officials are refusing to call it terrorism.Jason Brian Dalton, 45, started his shooting spree at an apartment complex where he shot a woman multiple times while her three children watched. The woman is in critical condition but expected to survive. Four hours later, Dalton killed a father and son who were car shopping at a Kia dealership. Less than a half hour later he began chatting with people in two cars at a Cracker Barrel restaurant when he suddenly began shooting, killing four women and injuring a 14-year-old girl.At 1 a.m. Sunday, police pulled over a navy blue Chevy HHR and arrested Dalton without incident. Kalamazoo Department of Public Safety said that he was  even-tempered  when police stopped him: Suspect is Jason Dalton, dob June 22, 1970, no known criminal record. His demeanor was even-tempered upon arrest according to the prosecutor. He was cooperative. Acts committed were intentional. Semi-auto handgun was found in suspect vehicle. Video at businesses led to suspect vehicle description. No other crime scenes we are aware of. Prosecutor Jeff Getting said that Dalton acted alone and this was not an act of terrorism. I don t have any reason to believe that it was anything like [terrorism] at all. This was absolutely terrorism. The prosecutor told the press that this was a premeditated act. This man went to three different locations and callously gunned down innocent people and murdered them. We have seen this time and again, a white person goes on a shooting spree and magically it isn t considered terrorism, but if a Muslim person does the same thing TERRORISM!This double standard is getting very old. Dalton went to different locations and spread fear throughout a community; that is terrorism. It doesn t matter if he acted alone. It doesn t matter which god he worships. It doesn t matter if he said anything, none of that matters. What matters is that he picked up a gun and drove around murdering people and spreading fear.I m sure the right-wing and NRA will release statements very shortly agreeing with me. Just kidding. They ll probably ignore it.Watch:Featured image via KGW.com",0
7954," Police: Kalamazoo Spree Killer Was Uber Driver, Picked Up Customers Throughout The Night","In a disturbing twist to an already-terrifying story, the man believed to be behind the spree killing in Kalamazoo, Michigan is reportedly an Uber driver who continued to pick up fares between his murder rampage.The suspect, identified as Jason Dalton by police, went on a shooting spree at several different locations that left six people dead and another two injured. An 8-year-old child is said to be one of the victims. A 16-year-old continues to fight for her life in a local hospital. The Kalamazoo County Undersheriff told reporters that so far there is no known motive, just a guy with a gun who spent the night murdering innocent people. In summary, what it looks like is we have somebody just driving around, finding people and shooting them dead in their tracks. But perhaps there was a warning sign, and police may have missed it.In a Facebook post reportedly created just an hour before news of shootings began to fly in, a Kalamazoo woman wrote a lengthy complaint about an Uber driver named  Jason  who was acting aggressively, driving erratically, and appeared to be either on drugs or mentally unstable. The post has since been deleted but it was captured by several news outlets.Police and state prosecutors now say they are looking into the post.UPDATE: Prosecutors confirm they are looking into whether this Facebook post is indeed about the Kalamazoo shooter. pic.twitter.com/kS8K7vrYk9  Luke Stier (@LukeStier) February 21, 2016In the message, the woman says her fiance got into an Uber with the man and was instantly terrified by his behavior. He was driving VERY erratically. They sideswiped a car blowing through a stop sign at Henderson castle and West Main Hill, and the driver continued driving. Then this man proceeded to drive 80mph down west main swerving in and out of oncoming traffic.She went on to say that she called 911, but the operator  didn t seem all that concerned. Uber later confirmed that Jason Dalton did indeed work for their company and that he had passed their background check.Statement from Uber after police confirmed to @woodtv that #KalamazooShooting suspect Jason Dalton was Uber driver. pic.twitter.com/97b3mSclPF  Danny Hopkins (@danny_hopkins) February 21, 2016Dalton has been arrested and a gun has been recovered from his vehicle. So far police have no motive for what drove him to kill seemingly at random.In a sick  coincidence , Michigan s Republican-led legislature is currently pushing to drop the requirement that Michigan gun owners get concealed carry permits and take a safety course in responsible gun use saying those burdens are an example of government overreach. If only the victims of gun violence would get that level of sympathy from their lawmakers.Featured image via WOODTV8 ",0
7955, Here’s Why The Nevada Caucus Results Should Be Overturned (VIDEO),"The Young Turks reporter Jimmy Dore captured some incredible footage at last night s Democratic Caucus in Nevada.Dore was covering the Las Vegas caucus, held at the Paris Hotel in Clark County. This is the most highly populated area of Nevada, and the county is a must-win for presidential candidates hoping to capture their party s nomination.Earlier in the day on Wednesday, a caucus-goer by the name of James Porter uploaded a disturbing cell phone video to YouTube.Porter documented caucus leaders telling attendees to  come in to caucus without registering.  That s a direct quote.The video shows a large group of people standing at the registration table. A female official is then heard telling the group not to register to vote.Immediately after she gives this direction, a male official shushes her, saying  Don t yell it. When the officials are questioned about allowing people who are not registered to caucus, one responds by saying,  They will register after the caucus. Watch the video below.What happened after that is even more unbelievable.As reported by The Jimmy Dore Show, the caucus was total chaos from beginning to end. There doesn t seem to be any organization to this,  Dore says.The video shows the way the votes were tallied during the caucus, with the unnamed official taking a cursory head count. The video then shows the leader of the caucus writing stuff on his hand.No official report was given regarding the head count, or the number of voters caucusing for either candidate.It was then announced that: As of today s caucus results, Senator Sanders has gained seven delegates  Secretary Clinton has   oh, I m sorry   SIX delegates, Secretary Clinton has gained 13 delegates. At this point it seemed that the caucus was over. But as Dore reports, it was at this time that the chairman of the caucus realized he  made two huge mistakes. First, all of the people who were allowed to caucus without ever registering to vote were never directed to return to the registration table at the end of the caucus.Worse, the caucus ended before delegates were ever chosen for either candidate.The video shows the chairman telling people not to leave.By this time it s way too late as almost everyone was already gone.Watch the report from The Jimmy Dore Show below.While it s clear that Dore (and the rest of the TYT personalities) favor Sanders over Clinton, the issues documented in these videos should outrage every democratic voter, regardless of which candidate you support.There s clear, undeniable evidence that people who were not registered to vote were not just allowed to caucus, they were directed to do so.No matter how you look at it, it s not just a violation of the rules of the democratic party, it s also a criminal offense.Not surprisingly, the videos above are a virtual goldmine for the conservative media, which is reporting on them as  proof of Hillary Clinton voter fraud,  and  proof of democratic voter fraud. The problems with the caucus were not just confined to this single location. Voters are reporting that people were writing on other people s ballots, while others claim their names were not recorded to the correct candidate during the registration process.The democratic party needs to take these allegations very seriously, especially because there is undeniable proof that unregistered voters were allowed to participate in yesterday s caucus.Featured image from video screen capture via The Jimmy Dore Show on youtube",0
7956, Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder Could Face Manslaughter Charges Over Flint Water Poisoning,"The people of Flint, Michigan are suffering from a man-made disaster, and someone should pay the consequences for it.A special investigator is looking into tragedy that has gripped the major Michigan community since 2014 when state officials chose to switch Flint s water supply from Lake Huron to the poisoned river.Ever since, there have been multiple cases of lead poisoning, and ten people have already died from Legionnaires  disease. Kids can now expect to deal with neurological issues as they get older because of the high levels of lead found in their bloodstream.Special Investigator Todd Flood has been brought in along with the former head of the Detroit FBI office and other former law enforcement officials to figure out who knew what and when they knew it. Flood says that manslaughter charges could be on the table. We re here to investigate what possible crimes there are, anything [from] involuntary manslaughter or death that may have happened to some young person or old person because of this poisoning, to misconduct in office,  Flood said.  We take this very seriously. Indeed, he should. The Flint River had been abandoned as a water source for decades by the city precisely because the water was known to be toxic and unsafe for human consumption. This is public knowledge and officials should have known better.But Governor Snyder, who has made it his personal mission to take over city after city and appoint  emergency  managers to do his bidding in an effort to save the state money, has ignored the crisis until very recently when he called it his  Katrina.  Switching to the river was a money-saving scheme that has now backfired into a multi-million dollar catastrophe.And Snyder s emails aren t exactly helping him avoid prison.As the Washington Post reports, emails have been released  showing that Snyder s office knew of the Legionnaires  outbreak more than nine months before the governor announced the problem this January. Snyder s office was even  heavily involved  in the vote the Flint City Council made to make the switch to the river.Perhaps most damning is Congressional testimony by EPA acting water chief, Joel Beauvais, who claimed Snyder and his agencies  ignored federal advice to treat Flint s water for corrosive elements, which are believed to have eroded old lead pipes and contaminated drinking water,  and that  the state delayed for months in telling the public about the health risks. Even Rachel Maddow has shamed Snyder and his administration for their actions and inactions that let the tragedy happen.But Snyder is not the only public official who should be held responsible for poisoning the residents of Flint. Multiple city and state officials ignored the unfolding tragedy for months and even had the nerve to tell residents that the drinking water was perfectly safe even as scientific testing revealed that wasn t the case.As Todd Flood and his team investigate the crisis alongside a federal team conducting a separate investigation of their own, we could end up seeing a line of public officials being handcuffed and fitted for an orange jumpsuit when all is said and done. And that includes Rick Snyder, who frankly should have resigned by now.Ultimately, the buck stops at his desk. He is responsible for protecting the citizens of the state and of overseeing the state health and environmental agencies. It s hard to believe that he knew nothing of this problem for two years.The people of Flint deserve justice. Those who have died because of this deserve justice. The kids who will likely grow up with severe neurological issues deserve justice. And if justice cannot be delivered to Flint, nothing stops public officials from being just as irresponsible in other states.Featured Image: Flickr",0
7957," Trump Dominates South Carolina, Dooming The Republican Party","Iiiiiitttt ssssssss a wonderful day in the (White) neighborhood. It s a wonderful day in the (White) neighborhood. Won t you be my (White) neighbor?Donald Trump came to South Carolina and summoned the darkness at the heart of conservative politics like the Pied Piper incarnate. No amount of Bible-thumping, gun-toting or terrorist fear-mongering could draw the crowds away. They wanted one thing and one thing only: Someone to tell them that not only was their hate of Those People permissible, it was proper and necessary to  make America great again. With 99 percent of precincts reporting, Mr. Trump had won 32 percent of the vote and led his nearest rivals by about 10 percentage points. He was likely to capture all 50 delegates at stake in the state. Mr. Trump s victory here was not as sweeping as the one in New Hampshire, and there were warning signs as he showed weakness among women and younger voters. But he still won among both independents and Republicans, and among self-described evangelical Christians. He also seemed to have built a coalition that will remain with him through adversity: More than half of voters who made their decisions over a month ago picked Mr. Trump, exit polls showed.That is exciting news! Trump simply has no chance in the general election where his obnoxious racism would turn off much of the country and his general incompetence would lead many conservative voters to not vote. But more importantly, as I ve said many times, Trump has destroyed the illusion that the right wing cares about religion, morals or fetuses. They care about hating Those People and maintaining white supremacy. It s been their motivation for much of this country s history and that s why Trump is their man.Once Rubio or Cruz drop out of the race, the other might consolidate the remaining voters and pass Trump but there s little reason for either of them to do so. Cruz is in it for himself and Rubio is the pick of the Establishment. Trump, of course, is running on pure ego at this point. If this dynamic continues, all signs point to Trump as the nominee and that s the best news possible for Sanders and Clinton.Featured via AI archives",0
7958, WATCH: The Top Four Reasons Ted Cruz Is More Dangerous Than Donald Trump (VIDEO),"At this point in the race, it s pretty clear that Donald Trump would be a disaster for the country. His divisive and racist statements about Mexicans and Muslims have caused an uproar with many. His policies on everything from foreign policy to economics are incoherent and juvenile and he would most certainly be dangerous as the next president of the United States. However, there s someone way more dangerous lurking just behind Trump, and that s Texas senator Ted Cruz.Yes, it s been established that Cruz is quite a creepy guy and I m not only referring to his facial expressions or his smirk. Just take a look at what he and his campaign did in Iowa. His campaign propagated that Ben Carson dropped out of the race to get people to vote for Cruz. His campaign also sent out mailers to voters to guilt them into voting for Cruz. However, those alone aren t the reasons. Here is just the first of four reasons why Ted Cruz is the most dangerous person lurking around for the presidency: Number one, Cruz is an ideologue:  Cruz is driven by ideology. Cruz doesn t think there s man made climate change, he rejects same sex marriage, wants to abolish the IRS, holds that everyone has a right to guns, and thinks that there should be no divide between church and state, loves the death penalty, rejects immigration reform, demand the repeal of Obamacare, and he takes a strict originalist view of the Constitution. And that s just the first reason!Watch the rest of the reasons here:https://www.facebook.com/RBReich/videos/1157252837620644/Featured Image Via Video Screen Capture. ",0
7959," Glenn Beck Says He’s Going To Stop Eating To Support Ted Cruz, Tells Fans To Join Him","On the night that Donald Trump won his second straight primary (with a massive lead), a despondent Glenn Beck decided it was time to take action to support his favored candidate, Ted Cruz. He announced on his Facebook page that he would begin fasting on Monday to push Ted Cruz to victory in the upcoming Nevada Republican Caucus   somehow.In the post, which raised eyebrows and made eyes roll, the ever melodramatic Beck told his fans: I would like to ask you to join me and my family Monday in a fast for Ted Cruz, our country and the Nevada caucus. https://www.facebook.com/GlennBeck/posts/10153969800938188He also said he would be spending every waking hour until the caucus on February 23 devoted to promoting Cruz. He s not kidding. On Sunday, Cruz will leave behind the guy from Duck Dynasty and replace him with Beck, who will host an event for the candidate in Las Vegas. On Monday, Beck will again join Cruz, this time in Reno.Beck s support for Cruz seems to come singularly from his disdain for Donald Trump. For reasons that remain unclear, Beck has a seething hatred for Trump that borders on obsessive. It s odd because in so many ways   bigotry, race-baiting, xenophobia   the two are very much alike.In a hilarious show of how little self-awareness he possesses, Beck infamously declared that any Tea Party supporter who favored Trump was actually just a racist.While he questioned whether Trump s supporters are genuine Tea Partiers, Beck said of them,  If you were a Tea Party person, then you were lying. You were lying. It was about Barack Obama being black. It was about him being a Democrat. Talk about biting the hand that feeds you. Beck is no doubt right that much of the Tea Party movement was based in racism, but supporting Trump isn t contrary to that movement. It s the logical conclusion.It s unclear what Beck hopes to accomplish by starving himself and his family in order to help Ted Cruz get elected. Yet again it appears that Beck is trying to explicitly tie religious ceremony into the race. And fasting appears to be Beck s go to way of getting God s attention. Just last summer, he went on a six day fast to get ready for an appearance in Birmingham. He told his fans: Join us in fasting and prayer that we may all be humble enough to not only hear the path of The Almighty but we may be willing to walk it with honor, Courage, Love and unity. Last week he boldly declared that God killed Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia in order to ensure Ted Cruz became president. Apparently unwilling to  let go and let God,  Beck now hopes to nudge Him along a little bit more with his mass hunger strike.Featured image via Glenn Beck ",0
7960, Watch The Harrowing Video of The Israeli Military Executing A Palestinian,"Twenty-year-old Palestinian Mohammad  Abu Khalaf was shot multiple times by Israeli occupation police in Occupied East Jerusalem on Friday, in what witnesses and a video from the incident show was an execution of the young man.Watch Video Here:https://www.facebook.com/aljazeerachannel/videos/10154110984474893/An Al-Jazeera crew said that Abu Khalaf had tried to stab an occupation policeman when soldiers shot him with two rounds. Abu Khalaf then fell to the ground and was incapacitated and bleeding. But, as the video shows, occupation police then pumped 50 bullets into Khalaf. The graphic video shows Abu Khlaf s body only moving as a result of the bullets sprayed into him. He was clearly dead. The soldiers then removed the journalists and declared the area a closed military zone. Al-Jazeera anchor Elias Karram said:  The scene was terrifying, we barely escaped with our lives. The soldiers fired so many live rounds at this young man, they could have killed us all, every person who was there was in direct danger. What happened was the execution of the young man. The border police officers lined-up and opened fire although they could have easily arrested the man, especially since he was already injured. Karram and his crew were filming in the historic Palestinian neighborhood of Bab al- Amoud in Jerusalem when they witnessed the stabbing attempt followed by the execution.  Here is a graphic picture of Abu after the 50 bullets entered his body.Israel s occupation of  Palestinian East Jerusalem is illegal under international law and the majority of countries, including the United States, don t recognize Israel s sovereignty of the holy city. Yet, Israel has been ethnically cleansing the native Palestinian population for decades, annexing the city, ghettoizing its Palestinian neighborhoods, and has jailed, or as is the case with Abu Khlaf and thousands of others, killed anyone who resists its draconian policies and its professional killers.Featured image from video screen capture.",0
7961, BREAKING: Jeb Bush Suspends Campaign Under Pressure From Supporters Of Fellow GOPers,"Jeb Bush was originally the annointed one for the GOP Presidential nomination. However, Donald Trump turned the whole race upside down, and Bush never made it out of the single digits. As the South Carolina Primary draws to a close with yet another poor showing in what is widely seen as one of the most important primaries of the election season, supporters of other GOP candidates urge Bush to drop out. Florida Senator Tim Scott, who is backing Marco Rubio, says of Bush s candidacy and how it affects the GOP s chances at the White House: It s hard to tell you what the Bush camp is thinking. He served as a great governor. I think it d be a great opportunity for him to bring his folks over to the Rubio camp. But the reality is everyone who is running wants to do something good for America, so the question is, once you realize that s not going to happen, what do you do next? It s hard to answer that question unless you re the candidate. Sen. Scott wasn t the only one to call for Bush s withdrawal from the race. His fellow struggling GOP candidate John Kasich had his campaign put out the idea that tonight it became a four-person race  between Trump, Kasich, Rubio, and Cruz. John Kasich strategist and supporter John Weaver said of the South Carolina outcome: Only four candidates have top-three finishes in any of the early states and can justify staying in. At the same time, John Kasich has now won the so-called  Governors Bracket  by continuing to run strong and beat expectations. While others were making their last stand in South Carolina, John Kasich strengthened his organization and support   despite being outspent by tens of millions of dollars. The pressure worked, as Bush has suspended his campaign. So long, Jeb.God bless America indeed.Featured image via Soda Head",0
7962, President Obama Responds To Little Girl On Facebook – And It Shows Us Why He’s The Best (VIDEO),"Recently, a video post went viral on Facebook of a little girl crying when she found out that President Obama was no longer going to be her president. In a span of 5 days, one grandmother s little Facebook page somehow managed to get more than 30,043 likes and 7,440 shares after people were touched by the girl s absolutely adorable emotional response. Well, it turns out, one of those people was POTUS himself.Here is what the president had to say on Facebook after he saw the video: Caprina, tell her to dry her tears because I m not going anywhere. Once I leave the White House, I ll still be a citizen just like her. And when she grows up, she can get involved right alongside me. In the meantime, I ll keep an eye out for her letter, and we ll always get to celebrate our birthdays together! // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;On Saturday morning just before Gymnastics, My Dranbaby found out that our President Barack Obama was no longer going to Posted by Caprina D Harris on Monday, February 15, 2016This is why we love President Obama so much. This is the definition of class. And   it s just one more reason why we re going to miss POTUS when he s gone.Pic via Facebook.Unfortunately, there is such a thing as term limits, and while it may not exactly be the most democratic thing we do here in the United States, it s put in place to give other would-be leaders the chance to step up and fill his shoes. It s the same reason we got a chance to elect Obama into office in the first place, and that s a good thing.Yes, Obama will surely be missed. Even though he still has a remaining 11 months or so left in office, you can be sure a lot more tears will be following once the reality of his departure fully sets in. Way to keep it classy, POTUS!Pic via Twitter.Featured image via White House.",0
7963, Texas Republicans Cut Environmental Regulations And Now Black Sludge Is Coming Out Instead Of Tap Water,"A disgusting black sludge is coming out of residents  faucets in Crystal City, Texas, and the people are left helpless to do anything about it. The reason is because everyone but a single individual that served in elected city government got arrested recently by the FBI for a slew of charges, including accepting bribes for official actions like contract awards, tax giveaways, using inspections to muscle out certain businesses on behalf of others, immigrant smuggling and operating illegal gambling establishments.The filth coming from the town taps caused schools to close early, after a decision made by Superintendent Imelda Allen.  There s not really anyone in charge to oversee and do make people aware of the condition of the water. So I wasn t going to wait for anyone to call me from City Hall. I know that leadership is not present at the time,  Allen was quoted as saying.This is the actual water coming out of the faucets in Crystal City.Crystal City s water   Direct from the faucet: Credit: Crystal City Facebook PageAn unknown Crystal City employee took to the City s Facebook page to comment on the issue and try to make residents aware of the problem, by saying  boil water if necessary. If necessary? Way more than boiling is necessary with the water in this picture.There is a lesson to be learned with this. The lesson is that the Republican argument of not needing proper government is utter nonsense. These people have a problem, and there is nobody home to take their calls because their entire elected governmental body is simply not there anymore.City staffers tried flushing the water by opening hydrants to drain the lines. They also announced that they thought the condition was caused by flushing a water tank that had not been cleaned for nearly 30 years. It is still not clear if the problem has been fully resolved and the water is safe, though. Next time a Republicans talks about how government does nothing good for people, ask them who they would call if their municipal water looked like this.Featured image via KSAT",0
7964, North Carolina Drug Tested Welfare Recipients And The Results Are Surprising,"Republicans must be shocked. And taxpayers should be pissed.Republicans were so sure that welfare recipients are on drugs, that they desperately tried to humiliate poor people by quickly passing a bill forcing applicants to take a drug test in order to get government aid.The governor vetoed the legislation but Republicans refused to be denied their chance to persecute poor people, so they overturned the veto.The process of testing so many applicants, of course, took awhile because more than 7,600 people needed to be screened.The results are finally in and Republicans are not going to like the numbers.Despite being so convinced that welfare recipients must be drug addicts that they were willing to use taxpayer money to institute a program to prove it, all they got was egg on their face.As it turns out, only 21 of the people tested positive for drug use. That s 0.3 percent of those tested, which is far below the national average of 8 percent.North Carolina Democratic state Senator Gladys Robinson blasted the GOP for wasting time and money. They found very few applicants. Plus, the process is already in place in terms of asking questions and making those referrals. So, we just wasted state dollars, in terms of that piece of legislation and in terms of the time and staff all across the state. Taxpayers should be furious at Republicans right now for wasting money attacking the poor instead of using it to help lift people out of poverty in the first place so that less people have to rely on the government to get by.Perhaps they should be forced to take a mandatory drug test to continue being an elected official. Because they had to be high on something when they insisted that part of the population who pay their own ridiculous salaries were abusing the system.Featured Image: Cagle",0
7965, South Carolina Exit Poll Finds 75 Percent Of Republicans Believe This Horrific Trump Idea,"In another show of just how disturbing the Republican Party s base has become, an astonishing number of primary voters marching out of the polls in South Carolina proudly said they supported Trump s idea to ban Muslims from entering the United States.According to a CBS News exit poll conducted during the South Carolina primary, a staggering 75 percent of voters said they supported Trump s proposal to ban Muslims. This is in line, but actually slightly up, from an earlier South Carolina poll that found Trump supporters overwhelming favored legalizing discrimination against Muslims.There s also 62/23 support among Trump voters for creating a national database of Muslims and 40/36 support for shutting down all the mosques in the United States, something no one else s voters back. Only 44% of Trump voters think the practice of Islam should even be legal at all in the United States, to 33% who think it should be illegal. To put all the views toward Muslims in context though, 32% of Trump voters continue to believe the policy of Japanese internment during World War II was a good one In the days after the San Bernardino terror attack, Trump demanded that America ban Muslims   even American citizens currently abroad   from entering the country. He ordered a  total and complete  shutdown on Muslims   indefinitely. Or as he put it: Until we are able to determine and understand this problem and the dangerous threat it poses, our country cannot be the victims of horrendous attacks by people that believe only in Jihad, and have no sense of reason or respect for human life. Certain political observers believed that Trump s proposal to ban Muslims   even American citizens abroad   from entering or re-entering the United States was so far beyond the pale that he would suffer in the polls because of it. Jeb Bush even risked his own campaign to call Trump out on it.Donald Trump is unhinged. His ""policy"" proposals are not serious.  Jeb Bush (@JebBush) December 7, 2015Unfortunately for common decency (and Jeb Bush), Trump s supporters loved the idea. His polls actually went up. Republicans have since only embraced Trump s bigoted ideas at ever scarier levels of enthusiasm.Given the hatred coming out of the election booths, it s no surprise to learn that Donald Trump is projected to win South Carolina by a massive margin. If moderate Republicans are wondering how the GOP went so wrong, they might want to look at what the voters are actually saying: Trump represents discrimination, bigotry, and hatred. And they absolutely adore him.Featured image via Darron Birgenheier/Flickr",0
7966, Right-Wing Rag NY Post Promotes Scalia Death Conspiracy Theory: He ‘Could Have Been Poisoned’,"Right-wing morons everywhere are panicking about what will happen to the Supreme Court now that notoriously bigoted Justice Antonin Scalia has died. Of course, immediately this became a political situation before the man s body was even cold, and with politics comes conspiracy theories. One of the biggest theories out there among the Right is that President Obama had Scalia assassinated. Of course, this absolutely ridiculous, but that holds no water with idiots. What is, however, especially horrible is when widely read papers repeat this nonsense, which is just what the NY Post has just done.Citing a report from a supposed forensics expert, the paper ran a grossly irresponsible story saying that Scalia  could have been poisoned.  Among other things, the Post said in its trashy article:Lethal poisoning could have left Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia s body in virtually the same condition in which it was found, a top forensic pathologist told The Post on Wednesday. It would look like he s asleep. It doesn t show anything on the body,  said Dr. Michael Baden, who spent 25 years in the city s chief Medical Examiner s Office.The paper, of course, left out the fact that this forensics guy had no ties to examining Scalia at all, as well as the fact that his passing due to natural ailments was  perfectly plausible,  too.Well, considering the fact that the man was almost 80 years old, there s absolutely no reason for there to be suspicion that he didn t just die in his sleep. In fact, he had already lived past the usual age for an American man.Whoever wrote this crap at the NY Post should be ashamed of themselves. Then again, after seven years, we re used to the right wing blaming President Obama for literally everything, even things he couldn t have possibly had anything to do with.Featured image via Legal Geekery",0
7967, BREAKING: Clinton Bests Sanders In Nevada Caucus In Dead Heat Race,"The Hill is reporting that in a very tight Nevada Caucus race, Hillary Clinton has pulled out ahead of Bernie Sanders for the win. In the end, the tie in the 10th precinct was settled with a nod to Las Vegas   by drawing cards. Clinton had an ace, while Sanders had a 10. Wall Street Journal reporter Reid J. Epstein tweeted the tie-breaking result, complete with a photo of the 10th precinct s chair, Peggy Rhoads, showing the card result.Pahrump precinct chair Peggy Rhoads with the cards drawn in tied Precinct 10. Hillary's ace beat Bernie's six. pic.twitter.com/7RZMF9IOVH  Reid J. Epstein (@reidepstein) February 20, 2016There are sure to be people who don t like this win, just as there were regarding the situation in Iowa, but the winning card draw gave Clinton an extra delegate, thus handing her the win over Sanders.The race has been a dead heat right up until the end, and was too close to call for the entire Nevada Caucus process. Either way, fair is fair, and Hillary Clinton wins Nevada.Featured image via AI archives",0
7968, Church Installs ‘Watering System’ To Get Rid Of The Homeless — Just Like Jesus Would (VIDEO),"Anyone who has read the Bible knows that that Jesus feller is quite fond of helping the poor. Unfortunately, either one San Fransisco Catholic church mistook homeless people for plants that need regular watering, or they didn t get the memo. Jesus made himself very clear in the Sermon on the Mount that the both the poor and those who show them mercy are  blessed,  but Saint Mary s Cathedral in San Fransisco, California, has decided that those dirty poors don t really need help, anyway.The area s homeless, until recently, were able to take shelter from harsh weather in sheltered alcoves that mark the cathedral s four side doors. Not only did St. Mary s put up multiple  No Trespassing  signs, but they also installed a watering system with a single purpose: to prevent the homeless from seeking shelter there.A San Fransisco CBS station reports: They actually have signs in there that say,  No Trespassing,  said a homeless man named Robert.But there are no signs warning the homeless about what happens in these doorways, at various times, all through the night. Water pours from a hole in the ceiling, about 30 feet above, drenching the alcove and anyone in it.The shower ran for about 75 seconds, every 30 to 60 minutes while we were there, starting before sunset, simultaneously in all four doorways. KCBS witnessed it soak homeless people, and their belongings.One could argue that the watering system might be intended to keep everything clean, but the news station points out that this is not the case. In fact, it serves mainly as a waste of water in the midst of a drought:The water doesn t really clean the area. There are syringes, cigarette butts, soggy clothing and cardboard. There is no drainage system. The water pools on the steps and sidewalks.A neighbor who witnessed the drenching told KCBS,  I was just shocked, one because it s inhumane to treat people that way. The second thing is that we are in this terrible drought.KCBS reports that in addition to being inhumane, the system was installed illegally and may violate water use regulations.<iframe width= 420  height= 315  src= https://www.youtube.com/embed/qkn_MS-UfsI?rel=0&amp;showinfo=0  frameborder= 0  allowfullscreen></iframe> It s very shocking, and very inhumane. There s not really another way to describe it,  said Jennifer Friedenbach, executive director of the Coalition on Homeless.  Certainly not formed on the basis of Catholic teachings. The cathedral confirmed that the watering system was, indeed, installed to keep the homeless from sleeping there but argued that, while the church refuses to allow the homeless to sleep in the doorways of a building that is only used a few times a week (a completely cost-free effort), they really do try to help them. We refer them, mostly to Catholic Charities, for example for housing,  spokesman Chris Lyford said.  To Saint Anthony s soup kitchen for food, if they want food on that day. Saint Vincent de Paul if they need clothes. We do the best we can, and supporting the dignity of each person,  said Lyford, who apparently considers dumping water on the homeless to be dignified.  But there is only so much you can do. Many of the homeless bring waterproof gear and umbrelas to protect themselves from the church s misguided and cruel efforts to keep them from taking shelter, proving the system to be an ineffective deterrant. But the horrible treatment has done nothing but diminish the cathedral in the eyes of its neighbors.The Archdioces of San Fransisco said in a statement that the system would be addressed quickly. Catholic organizations in San Francisco serve thousands of homeless people every year, providing shelter, food, and critical services,  the statement says, defending the church.  That is the true picture of compassionate Catholic care. Unfortunately, it s what happened before they got caught that matters.Watch a report on this horrible treatment of the homeless below:Featured image via CBS San Fransisco",0
7969, Yelp Fires Employee After Her Brutal Complaint About Low Wages Goes Viral (TWEETS/IMAGES),"A Yelp customer service employee was fired just two hours after her open letter to Yelp CEO Jeremy Stoppelman went viral.Talia Jane, a 25-year-old living in the San Francisco Bay area in California, worked as a customer service rep for Yelp s Eat24 food-ordering app. But after the company caught wind of a blog post she d written about how she and many other employees of Yelp struggled to make ends meet, she was fired. In her open letter entitled  An Open Letter To My CEO , she wrote: Every single one of my coworkers is struggling. They re taking side jobs, they re living at home. One of them started a GoFundMe because she couldn t pay her rent. Another guy who got hired, and ultimately let go, was undoubtedly homeless. Jane also spoke of how difficult it was to pay her rent when the company would only pay her $12.25 an hour, which translated to $8.15 after tax. Of her monthly expenses, Jane also had to spend over $200 to take public transportation to work, as her apartment was 30 miles away.Jane had tried to find ways to make it work. She explored living together with a co-worker, but soon found out that most of them lived with their parents or also could not afford the rent on their wages. Jane said, I thought to myself,  Oh, I m tremendously f*cked,  so I m just going to try really hard on improving at this job so I can transfer and get a pay increase, but then I was told that wouldn t happen for at least a year. To pay her rent and bills, Jane cut back on groceries and did 40 hours of overnight shifts every week   but she eventually reached her breaking point. She told Business Insider: I brought up the wages in every quarterly meeting I had with my managers. They were well aware that I was struggling despite doing what I could with what I had. The last straw was when I woke up yesterday two hours after going to sleep because my stomach hurt from hunger. And it s something I m used to, but this time it was really driving me to put something in my stomach immediately   I couldn t wait 15 minutes for my rice to cook and it all became very clear that this shouldn t be an issue I was dealing with to the point where I forgot it wasn t normal. It was then that Jane realized she couldn t continue on like this. She decided to start tweeting Yelp s CEO.TwitterTwitterTwitterJane followed those tweets with a blog post on Medium, where she spoke of  balancing all sorts of debt and trying to pave a life for myself that doesn t involve crying in the bathtub every week.  She wrote: I haven t bought groceries since I started this job. Not because I m lazy, but because I got this ten pound bag of rice before I moved here and my meals at home (including the one I m having as I write this) consist, by and large, of that. Because I can t afford to buy groceries. Bread is a luxury to me, even though you ve got a whole fridge full of it on the 8th floor. But we re not allowed to take any of that home because it s for at-work eating. Of which I do a lot. Because 80 percent of my income goes to paying my rent. Isn t that ironic? Your employee for your food delivery app that you spent $300 million to buy can t afford to buy food. That s gotta be a little ironic, right? MediumDriving her point home that her payment at Yelp was NOT a living wage, Jane went on to explain:I got paid yesterday ($733.24, bi-weekly) but I have to save as much of that as possible to pay my rent ($1,245) for my apartment that s 40 miles away from work because it was the cheapest place I could find that had access to the train, which costs me $5.65 one way to get to work. That s $11.30 a day, by the way. I make $8.15 an hour after taxes. I also have to pay my gas and electric bill. Last month it was $120. According to the infograph on PG&E s website, that cost was because I used my heater. I ve since stopped using my heater. Have you ever slept fully clothed under several blankets just so you don t get a cold and have to miss work? Have you ever drank a liter of water before going to bed so you could fall asleep without waking up a few hours later with stomach pains because the last time you ate was at work? That post went viral, viewed by over 85,000 people. In an interview with BuzzFeed, Jane said: I wanted [Stoppelman] to understand that I wasn t some little, annoying fly buzzing around his head. I wanted him to understand that I m not some obnoxious idiot who thinks it s funny to harass the CEO on Twitter. I m someone who has concerns and is reaching out, hoping that he can do something. I was sitting there and thinking,  I hope he sees this and I hope my CEO listens and hears me,  and then it started to dawn on me: I wonder if I ll get fired for saying this out loud? It only took two hours for her to find out. Soon, her company email account stopped working, and Jane was fired. She said, My manager and HR told me the letter and what I wrote violated Yelp s terms of conduct. A spokesperson for the company released the insensitive statement: We do not comment on personnel issues. However, we did agree with many of the points in Ms. Jane s post and we viewed it as her real, personal narrative about what it s like to live in the Bay Area. Most importantly, it s an important example of freedom of speech. We agree with her comments about the high costs of living in San Francisco, which is why we announced in December that we are expanding our Eat24 customer support team into our Phoenix office where will pay the same wage. However, Jane insists that Yelp isn t being honest about why she was fired. She said, Yelp is trying to make this die down by lying about it. Firing someone while their post about pay issues is on the cusp of going viral, that s like a lightning strike in the middle of a super dry forest. Things have just exploded. Jane is currently trying to find a new job, and will likely struggle financially until she can (hopefully) find something more promising than her former position at Yelp. If you are interested in helping Jane, she has left these details on another blog post detailing her termination from the company:Featured image via Talia Jane",0
7970, Fellow Officer Says Cops Were NOT In Danger When They Shot Suicidal Vet (VIDEO),"This week, four Fresno County, California police officers appeared in federal court over allegations of civil rights violations, including excessive force and  callous disregard for human rights. The case was brought by Esperanza Booke, sister of the late Charles Salinas.Salinas, a 46-year-old veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps, called 911 on June 15, 2012. During the call he stated that he was suicidal and wanted to die.Salinas was later gunned down by three officers who were dispatched to the scene.Sanger police Sgt. Jason Boust and officers Preston Little and Angela Yambupah all opened fire on Salinas. He was struck at least 11 times by bullets sprayed from the officer s semi-automatic weapons.According to the federal suit, after killing Salinas, the officers were allowed to meet in a room at police headquarters for at least four hours, before they were ever interviewed by police investigators.The family s attorney claims that the officers used this time to plan how they would cover up their actions.The cops claim that they opened fire on the unarmed veteran after he made a series of sudden movements, which led them to believe that he was reaching for a weapon.What the cops did not know at the time, however, is that the shooting was captured on cellphone video, by a bystander.While the video has not been made public, it reportedly does not support the officer s testimony. Instead it shows that there was no lunging or jumping at the officers. What s more, on February 17, Fresno County sheriff Sgt. Joshua McCahill, testified that his fellow officers were NOT in danger when they opened fire on the suicidal veteran.According to McCahill, he was speaking with Salinas, who was sitting unarmed in a flower garden, when the other officers arrived on the scene. He testified that he did not believe his life was in danger.McCahill was the only officer on the scene who did not fire a weapon during the encounter.He testified that just before the other cops opened fire on Salinas, he called out to them to  bag  him, a term used to describe firing on a suspect with a non-lethal shotgun.Instead, the three officers turned their AR-15 rifles on Salinas. According to witnesses, the officers continued to shoot, even after the marine veteran had fallen to the ground.When asked why he did not shoot Salinas, McCahill said  because it was a non-lethal situation. According to Salinas family, he was suffering from PTSD.During the call to 911, Charles Salinas told the dispatch operator that he had no desire to hurt anyone other than himself. Let the record show that I would not even scratch a law enforcement officer,  Salinas told the dispatch operator.When conveying the nature of the situation to police, the 911 operator stated  He says he won t hurt you, but he wants to do a suicide by cop. Listen to the 911 tape below, courtesy of The Fresno Bee.This was an opportunity for law enforcement officers to do something good. There was plenty of room for these cops to use non-lethal force. Instead, they chose to end the life of Charles Salinas, a military veteran suffering from PTSD and depression.Reasonable force is defined as a level of force which would be used by  any reasonable law enforcement officer in the same situation. In this situation there was only one reasonable law enforcement officer on the other scene. That officer did not fire his weapon. Image credit: video screen capture from The Fresno Bee",0
7971, WATCH: Little Girl HEARTBROKEN After Finding Out Obama Will No Longer Be President (VIDEO),"For most of us, the thought of no longer having President Obama in the White House brings tears to our eyes. He s the very embodiment of change, the very picture of elegance, and has been, by far, one of the best leaders this nation has ever seen, as history will show.However, for most of us, we were around before Obama. We know a world without him as Commander-in-Chief. We know that while not ideal, the world will go on without him in the Oval Office. But what if you were born when he was already in office? What if you don t know a world with him as leader of the free world? That s a pretty scary concept, and one little girl is just now grasping that reality.In a video posted to Facebook, Caprina D. Harris shows her granddaughter in the midst of a meltdown after realizing President Obama will no longer be president. She writes,  He has been her President all of her life and Yes her birthday is also on AUGUST 4!!!! My poor baby!!! This little girl is clearly devastated over President Obama finishing up his second term. However, it s a feeling many of us share, but she manages to perfectly put into emotions and words. When she utters,  I m not ready!!  Neither are we, little one. Neither are we.Hopefully whoever we choose next will be able to carry on his legacy.// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;On Saturday morning just before Gymnastics, My Dranbaby found out that our President Barack Obama was no longer going to be our President!!! He has been her President all of her life and Yes her birthday is also on AUGUST 4!!!! My poor baby!!!Posted by Caprina D Harris on Monday, February 15, 2016Featured image: Pete Souza Instagram",0
7972, Ted Cruz Being Knocked Off The Ballot Just Became A Very Real Possibility,"It looks at though Sen. Ted Cruz will actually have to contend with a complaint issued by an Illinois voter who believes that the Texas senator is not a natural born citizen of the United States. After all, it is true the Cruz was born in Calgary, Alberta Canada, so if found not to be a natural born citizen, it would disqualify Cruz from not only being on the ballot in Illinois, but would raise questions nationwide.The voter, Lawrence Joyce, is bringing the complaint before the Circuit Court of Cook County in Chicago. He tried previously to have it be heard, but the case was dismissed. However, according to USA Today, he appealed the decision and was granted a hearing for Friday before Judge Maureen Ward Kirby. Joyce, a pharmacist and attorney, and backer of Ben Carson, said: What I fear is that Ted Cruz becomes the nominee, come September, Congressman Alan Grayson of Florida will go forward with his threats and probably several other Democrats will file suit to prevent Ted Cruz from being on the ballot. What Democrats will do at that point is cherry pick which county courthouse they are going to show up in order to file these petitions. It will definitely be interesting to see what happens in this case, because if Cruz is determined not to be a natural born citizen, the implications nationwide would be huge.Just recently, another complaint was brought up in New York over his eligibility, and yet another in the senator s home state of Texas.Cruz has, time and time again, insisted that he is, in fact, a natural born citizen because his mother was born in Delaware, USA, thus making his a natural born citizen through birth. Although, this is still hotly contested by scholars nationwide. Perhaps only time will tell, and we ll all have to wait for the outcome of this hearing.Featured image: Flickr",0
7973, Guess Which Republican Candidate Helped KKK Chapters More Than Double Last Year (VIDEO),"The Ku Klux Klan had quite a year in 2015   the racist hate group made an unprecedented comeback and more than doubled its membership last year   all thanks to the bigotry and hateful rhetoric of the conservative party and one Republican presidential candidate in particular.Although GOP front runner Donald Trump denies that he s affiliated with the KKK, there s no denying that the racist club has seen a substantial increase ever since Trump came onto the political scene. This was proven in a recent report by the Southern Poverty Law Center, called The Year in Hate and Extremism. The organization discovered that 2015  saw an apparent comeback of Klan groups    a 164 percent increase in KKK membership to be exact, all thanks to Trump.In 2014, membership had only increased by 72   but in 2015 membership had skyrocketed up to 190 despite the fact that two prominent KKK groups had shut down that year. Even with the disappearance of the Fraternal White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan and the Knight Rider Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, there was still a 14 increase increase in active hate groups   something the report says was due to worsening income inequality, the rise of left-wing movements like Black Lives Matter, major advances for LGBT people and growing numbers of refugees and undocumented workers that have angered Republicans and white people. The report blames the GOP for the rise in hate groups, and believes Trump is largely responsible. The report says: The bulk of that anger is coming from beleaguered working-class and, to a lesser extent, middle-class white people, especially the less educated the very same groups that most vociferously support Trump. Being that Trump is a racist that supports white supremacists and his supporters are basically just like him, the report said that Trump served as a mainstream channel for some of America s most racist and awful people to air their bigotry without much consequence. Trump has been given almost unrestricted access to Americans, allowing everyone to be exposed to his rhetoric. Such voters are nostalgic for the country they lived in 50 years ago, when non-Hispanic whites made up more than 83 percent of the population. Today, their share has shrunk to 62 percent as demographic change has transformed the United States into a nation where others have a shot at power. Trump, who has become infamous for his anti-Latino and Islamophobic views, was blamed for fueling the radical right, and encouraging more hateful views. And to prove just how much the presidential candidate resonates with KKK members, here s a video of Trump being confronted about an endorsement from KKK Great Wizard David Duke:Featured image is a screenshot",0
7974, Trump BASHES Obama With Hostile Fiction For Not Attending Scalia’s Funeral (TWEET),"There are a lot of things citizens of the United States can and do look for in a Commander-in-Chief. However, it s doubtful that  schoolyard bully  is part of the ideal criteria for president. There s really no better way to describe Donald Trump. He s nasty, vile, bigoted, hate-filled, and outright nauseating. The things that he says aren t okay to say in any arena of professional life, and they only reason he s allowed to get away with it is because of money, power and privilege. If the words he uses were to come out of a poor person living on the street, you d think they were unstable, phone the police and they would likely get carted away for a lifetime in an asylum.For years, Trump has tried to perpetuate the myth that President Obama not only isn t a natural-born citizen, but that he s also Muslim. And while there s absolutely nothing wrong with being Muslim, hearing it from a man who equates Islam solely to terrorism means he s calling our Commander-in-Chief a terrorist.Continuing this hostile fallacy, Trump took to Twitter to try to be witty, and posed the question: I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go! I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 20, 2016First of all, President Obama DID go to the Supreme Court building alongside his wife to pay his respects while Justice Scalia lay in repose on Friday, and Vice President Biden will be attending the funeral service. However, this wasn t at all a jab at the fact that Obama wasn t unable to attend the service. It was a direct attack on President Obama to once again perpetuate the myth that our president is Muslim, which in Trump s language means, he s a terrorist. It s not even coded language. It s clear as day as he lays down his hatred for Muslims nearly every day.This man has a VERY real chance at becoming the GOP nominee for president, which is absolutely disgusting. And it says a lot not only about Trump, but about the hateful bigots in this nation who seem to think he s the right choice.Featured image: Flickr/Twitter",0
7975, John Oliver Exposes The GOP’s Dirty Plan To Win The White House (VIDEO),"During a segment of Last Week Tonight, John Oliver discussed the issue of voter disenfranchisement. Republicans have everything to gain by making it harder to vote.One of the hot button issues of the day is Republicans  creation of laws that force people to have valid identification when they vote. The genius behind the plan is that it seems so innocent to require people to show identification in order to vote. However, it has been shown that it can be far harder to have all the valid identification that some states are now requiring than one might think. Oliver notes how hard it can be just to get an ID due to the times that ID-issuing offices are closed: And in some parts of the country, the offices that issue IDs are hardly ever open. In 2012, a study found that in Wisconsin, Alabama and Mississippi, fewer than half of all ID-issuing offices in the state are open five days a week. And in Sauk City, Wisconsin the ID office is only open on the fifth Wednesday of every month   and only four months in 2016 even have five Wednesdays,  Oliver says.Those Republicans wish to see vote the least are minority voters, who traditionally back Democratic candidates. That s why during the segment, John Oliver points out how much these anti-democratic schemes disproportionately hurt Black and Latino voters. Studies have shown these restrictions tend to disproportionately impact African-American and Latino voters. In Texas, for instance, experts found that African-American voters were nearly twice as likely to lack voter ID, and Latinos were nearly two and a half times as likely. It s just one of those things that white people seem to be more likely to have, like a sunburn or an Oscar nomination,  says Oliver.The Republican Party is dying due to demographic and ideological changes. Instead of changing their Party s platform, they would rather sink to these pathetic voter disenfranchisement schemes.You can watch the segment below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
7976, It Begins: Supreme Court Rejects Racially Gerrymandered N.C. Districts,"This the worst fear of Republicans, conservatives and billionaires. The Supreme Court has turned its back on the GOP s over-the-top racism and voter suppression. Two of North Carolina s congressional districts were so gerrymandered that they might as well spell out  Whites Only  on the map. But not for much longer Via Raw Story:The U.S. Supreme Court on Friday rejected a request to stay a ruling that two congressional districts in North Carolina were racially gerrymandered in a 2011 redistricting and needed to be redrawn within two weeks.A panel of federal judges this month barred elections in the majority black districts, the 1st and the 12th, until new maps are approved, calling the current maps unconstitutional. Congressional primaries in the state are set for March 15.This is only going to get worse for the GOP from here. When Republicans swept to power on a tidal wave of blinding rage and racism in 2010, they immediately started passing Voter ID laws, cut polling stations, reduced the voting hours and, of course, took gerrymandering to a whole new level. They knew that their base of angry old racists was dying, and the only way to stay in power was to rig the elections.But all of this relied on a Supreme Court that would turn a mostly blind eye to all but the most obviously racist voter suppression. With the death the Antonin Scalia, the Court will move to the left and then move left again under the next (Democratic) president. More lawsuits will be brought against Republican gerrymandering and with the precedent set, Republicans will be forced to draw more competitive districts and that will lead to the loss of the House.Now you know why conservatives are freaking out over filling Scalia s seat. As the Court slowly undoes the damage, expect to see the right become ever more hysterical.Featured image via Benn Stancil ",0
7977," Trump Ratchets Up Islamophobic Lie, Gleefully Says Muslims Were Murdered With ‘Pig’s Blood’ Bullets","Donald Trump is an unapologetic Islamophobic bigot. He has called for a ban on all Muslims   including citizens who might be abroad   entering the United States. And now, The Donald is insisting on doubling down on the lie that American soldiers killed Muslims with bullets dipped in pig s blood. This is particularly significant, because according to Islam, eating or coming into contact with pork is forbidden.During a rally on the campaign in Charleston, South Carolina, Trump rallied his army of racist supporters, and doubled down on the blatant the lie that American General John Pershing led the mass murder and added insult to injury at their time of death with the pig s blood: He took 50 bullets, and he dipped them in pig s blood. And he had his men load his rifles and he lined up the 50 people, and they shot 49 of those people. And the 50th person he said  You go back to your people and you tell them what happened.  And for 25 years there wasn t a problem, OK? Trump had the perfect crowd to sell his hatred to, as he always does   people who hate Muslims with a passion and believe them to be the doom of America. The whole point behind stoking the fires of anger at that South Carolina rally was to make sure people understood that he has as much contempt for Muslims and their faith as his bigoted followers do.This is a lie that was started during the rise of post- 9/11 Islamophobia, which Trump has happily reignited. Fact-checking site Snopes notes that the bigoted and untrue idea of subduing militant Muslims by threatening to bury them with pigs has held currency for many years. Well, despite the fact that none of this is true regarding General Pershing, the idea still persists in the scary era of the very real possibility of Bigot-in-Chief Donald Trump becoming President of the United States. This is just another reason that Trump s persistent front-runner status should terrify us all.Featured image via screen capture from AI archives",0
7978, Sixty-Five Percent Of Young Hispanics See The GOP As ‘Hostile’,"According to polls conducted in November by CNN, NBC News and Gallup, 45 percent of Latino voters now say they see the GOP as  hostile. Compare that to responses from November 2012, when the same polling organizations found that 18 percent of polled Latinos held the same views.Over the past three years the number of Latino voters who say they view the Republican Party as  hostile  has more than doubled.Even more telling, more than three times as many young Latino voters have a negative view of the party today. The recent polls show that 65 percent of Latino voters, between the ages of 18 and 35, now see the Republican Party as  hostile  toward them.This is bad news for the Republican Party, which cannot win the general election without Latino voters.According to GOP election strategists, in order to win the White House in 2016, republicans need at least 45 percent of the Latino vote.Republican party strategist Whit Ayres broke it down nicely, in March of last year. As Ayres points out here:Clearly that s not going to happen when the party frontrunner is Donald Trump, a man whose entire platform is built on racist hate and religious bigotry.While it s tempting to single out Trump as the  culprit  behind the numbers, if Trump is to blame for anything it s the fact that he s brought the party s long-existing racist undertones into the spotlight.The GOP has been using dog-whistle politics to rile up their racist, religiously bigoted base for decades. The Trump campaign is simply the predictable progression of the Southern Strategy.But as Addicting Info explains here and here, in catering to race hated and right-wing religious extremists, republicans have created a no-win situation.The party has built a base that only responds to dog-whistles. That means that the only way to motivate regular GOP voters is by scapegoating immigrants, minorities and people who do not subscribe to the doctrine of right-wing Christian fanaticism.At the same time, every time republican candidates spew the kind of racist, anti-immigrant rhetoric that appeals to their base, they further alienate voters outside of their base.How do you bring new people into a political party that is united by the idea of keeping other people out?You don t.Demographically speaking, however, there just aren t enough angry, bigoted white people left in America to keep the Republican Party going. For these reasons (and many others) the republican party is on its way to oblivion, which is exactly where it belongs.Featured image  from Wikipedia, public domain ",0
7979," Wingnut Pastor: The Pope Is ‘Confused,’ Should Ask ‘Forgiveness’ From Trump (VIDEO)","Donald Trump decided to war with the one person most politicians have enough sense not to touch: The Pope. Pope Francis was asked what he thought of Donald Trump, and said that it was not a Christian thing to do, to talk of building walls instead of building bridges. Of course, Trump being Trump, he retaliated in fury. Pope Francis said: A person who thinks only about building walls, wherever they may be, and not of building bridges, is not Christian. This is not the gospel. I would only say that this man is not Christian if he has said things like that. Now, an idiot pastor has joined the fray, and is saying that the Pope, of all people, is  confused  about what it means to be a Christian. Pastor Robert Jeffress went on-air on The Sean Hannity Show, and said to the right-wing host: Sean, I think the Pope needs to ask Donald Trump s forgiveness for making such an outlandish statement. I want to remind our listeners that it was exactly one year ago this week that 21 Coptic Christians  had their heads chopped off by ISIS on a Libyan beach and then ISIS said,  we are coming to Rome next. As if that wasn t enough, the man actually suggested that the Pope is the one who is  confused  here about what he should be doing as Pope. And the fact that we have a candidate like Donald Trump who wants to protect America, that s not unbiblical. The Pope is confused between the role of the Church, which is to show compassion, and the role of government, which is to uphold order and to protect its citizens. And I want to make a prediction. I think the Pope has succeeded in doing what no other man on Earth could do, and that is creating a martyr in Donald Trump. Well, Pastor Jeffress, as many issues as I have with the Catholic Church, I think you d do well to step away from this one. If the Pope himself doesn t know what the Church should be doing and saying here, who does?Watch the video below, via Media Matters for America:Featured image via video screen capture from YouTube",0
7980, Trump Supporter Has Dumbest Comeback Ever After Getting Trolled (VIDEO),"A group of Donald Trump protesters assembled outside the Republican front-runner s North Charleston rally on Friday, yelling  Dump Trump.  Protestors these days, what can you do?Well, one Trump supporter thought he d heckle them right back (good idea, right?), and his responses weren t exactly the wittiest around.After a few jumbled up responses that we can t exactly make out completely, you can hear the unnamed Trump follower say, among other things: Go home back to your toilet (visibly angry).  Why don t you waterboard yourself in the toilet? Go doodoo in your mouth. Pause. Throw up. Repeat. What did you just call me?That s not very nice. Do you kiss your mom with that mouth?Oh, well. What s the bother acting surprised; it s not like we had very high expectations to begin with for the people showing up at his rallies. I mean, when your fans start doing close to the exact same things you re doing (that being Trump) then it s all very fitting.Speaking of dumb, did you catch The Daily Show s episode that aired recently? You know, the one where they questioned Trump supporters and they gave absolutely the dumbest answers ever? Yeah, that one. If you haven t we took the liberty of including a clip of it below. If you can make it through the entire video without having your jaw drop in disbelief then you re the only one.The Daily Show with Trevor Noah Get More: The Daily Show Full Episodes,The Daily Show on Facebook,The Daily Show Video ArchiveNow that we think about it, that comeback line sounds better than the answers these other supporters just gave. At least he can blame it on being mad in the heat of the moment. These other guys just don t know which way is up.Featured image via screen capture.",0
7981, Big Time Racists Are Backing This Republican For President (VIDEO),"A super PAC backing Ted Cruz s presidential campaign is using the confederate flag to promote their candidate and attack another Republican.The  Courageous Conservatives  PAC is now calling primary voters in South Carolina with a robocall that attacks Donald Trump and Governor Nikki Haley for their supposed opposition to the pro-slavery symbol.The ad and robocall start with audio of Trump stating,  Put it in a museum, let it go.  It goes on to state that Trump supported Haley in removing  the battle flag  from a memorial on the statehouse grounds. People like Donald Trump are always butting their noses into other people s businesses. Trump talks about our flag like it s a social disease,  the robocall said.It said Trump  ridiculed our values  and that voters should  send Donald Trump and his New York values back to Manhattan. The creators of the ad said they have called 80,000 homes in the state so far with this racist message, in the hopes that it will cut into the considerable lead most show for Trump.The ad comes after the tragic shooting of black churchgoers by a white supremacist in Charleston pushed Haley and other lawmakers around the country to finally begin moving the flag from state property.The confederate flag was erected in many southern states in reaction to the civil rights movement in the 1950s and 60s.Of course the confederacy was a separatist movement that declared open war on the legitimate U.S. government in order to defend the evil institution of slavery, in which black people were kept as property and free labor.Despite the Republican Party s own report in which it indicated that its loss of the 2012 election came about in part due to its candidate s inability to reach out to racial minorities, there is still a strong base of support within the right in favor of racist causes. This is just more evidence that the party simply hasn t done the work to exclude open racists from their shrinking coalition.Featured image via Flickr",0
7982, ‘Pro-Life’ GOP Refuses To Help Zika Infected Babies,"The world is scrambling to deal with fallout from the spread of the Zika virus, the global pandemic which appears to be linked to birth defects in children when pregnant women are infected. President Obama has requested that America help lead the global effort to fight the infection   which has reached our shores. Republicans, who describe themselves as  pro-life,  are resisting.House Appropriations Committee Chairman Hal Rogers (R-Ky.) is taking the lead among Republicans in refusing to help.In a letter to President Obama s budget director, Shaun Donovan, Rogers noted the Department of Health and Human Services has $1.4 billion allocated for the Ebola fight of 2014. And the State Department has $1.3 billion left over. These funds can and should be prioritized to meet the most pressing needs of mounting a rapid and full response to Zika,  Rogers and two other Republican committee members wrote.The White House will likely ask that  some  Ebola funds be  repurposed  for the anti-Zika effort but not so much that it would  undermine  the response to Ebola, Earnest said, adding that amount  would not be sufficient to take on what we believe is a pretty serious threat from the Zika virus. Strangely Republicans are arguing that funds already being used to fight the Ebola outbreak now be used against Zika, instead of a separate request. But these are the same Republicans who attacked the Obama administration s response to that outbreak.Along with their allies in the media, many on the right said Obama was exposing America to Ebola, with some even floating the conspiracy theory that Obama wanted a mass infection of Americans with the Ebola virus.Instead, the administration s response to that outbreak has now been cited as a model of America using its superpower status to fight a global problem. Ebola infections are down to nonexistent in many of the African nations where it killed thousands, in part due to the global alliance organized by President Obama.There were no outbreaks of the disease in America, and in fact Americans infected with the virus survived and are now Ebola-free, thanks to American doctors. At the same time Republicans and conservatives were harsh in their condemnation of the Obama response.The Obama administration is asking for funds to show American leadership, to help the babies Republicans profess to care so much about, and again they are dropping the ball.Featured image via YouTube",0
7983, Look How Nestle Profits By Taking Michigan Water For Free As Flint Pays A FORTUNE For Poison (IMAGE/VIDEO),"The residents of Flint, Michigan have been poisoned, some irrevocably, by a long, intentional brutalization brought about by Republican governance. Even after the extent of this act of terror was made apparent in the national media, forcing Republicans to cower and scurry in fear, residents are still being forced by these same legislators to pay the highest water rates in the entire country while they continue to be forced to use poisoned water.via Detroit Free PressThere is a person, though, that is getting clean water virtually for free at a rate of over a quarter million gallons per day.Who is this person you ask? It s the Nestle corporation. Remember how they are now people too? Nestle is pumping 200 gallons per minute of clean water from aquifers that feed Lake Michigan under a permit granted by the state in the early 2000 s. What s even more grossly offensive is what Nestle pays   or rather doesn t pay   for this privilege. They don t pay anything for the actual extraction of water. They pay a $5000 permitting fee to the state and lease a portion of land from a private landowner for housing their facility. It gets even better, though, because not only do they get this sweetheart deal   they re also given $13 million in tax breaks and giveaways by the state for deigning Mescota County worthy of their corporate benevolence by  creating jobs  with their facility.Not only do state Republicans force an average resident of Flint Michigan to pay nearly $1000 a year for poisonous water, but they give away clean water for free so that a corporation can sell it back to the people they took it from for a HUGE profit. In an entire year, Nestle pays approximately .000048 dollars per gallon of water that they then resell for millions of dollars in free profits on top of the millions of dollars they don t pay in taxes.Nestle s spokesperson in Michigan is Deborah Muchmore. She is the wife of Dennis Muchmore, who was the chief of staff for the lead-poisoning terrorist Michigan governor, Rick Snyder. Dennis recently retired from Snyder s office in order to become a lobbyist. I am sure that Michigan Republicans will find some of the billions in yearly profits from Nestle in their re-election campaigns soon, rather than having money diverted to alleviate the suffering of the people of Flint.Featured image via Flickr",0
7984, Cruz Leaves Closet Disappointed After Secret Meeting With Carson,"It gets creepier and creepier with Ted Cruz. This time, he took Ben Carson, who s not exactly the model presidential candidate either, along for the ride as the two held a secret meeting in   yes   a storage closet.The strange meeting was called for by Ted Cruz ahead of the Conservative Review convention Thursday  in order to mend fences with Carson and improve his image ahead of the South Carolina primary. The two cuddled in the closet for more than 20 minutes as Secret Service agents stood outside.Carson has spent weeks attacking Cruz for spreading false rumors that Carson had dropped out of the presidential race during the Iowa Caucuses. Cruz won Iowa but not before unleashing a storm over his questionable antics, which have not only eroded his already creepy reputation but have seen him dip in polls after a strong Iowa showing.Carson s campaign confirmed that Carson had agreed to meet Cruz but blamed the leak about the meeting on Cruz and his campaign. They accused the Cruz campaign of leaking the meeting in order to give the impression there were no longer any hard feelings between the two candidates. Should Carson be surprised at Cruz s sleaziness at this point?The meeting, which took place in a storage closet next to a bathroom ended with Carson saying, we agree to disagree. We disagree on accountability and culpability. In a sign that the meeting was leaked before it actually happened, reporters were already calling the Carson campaign as the two met.  It lasted for more than the five minutes Carson originally agreed to and Carson s people had to knock on the door to get him out because he was about to speak. According to a Republican operative, the meeting did not go like Cruz had planned: There was a political play there and it didn t work for them. The meeting didn t go as well as Cruz wanted it to go. Carson had a smile on his face and was looking right at him. There s no doubt that Cruz s lies are catching up to him, and it s only a matter of time before he ll drop out of the race and his run will be in the dustbin of history. Featured image from Wikimedia Commons",0
7985," Oklahoma Gun Range Refused Service To Muslim Man, Now He’s Giving Them What They Deserve","You d think in the year 2016 we d no longer have to deal with discrimination of this magnitude anymore, but alas, the nation is still filled with bigoted morons, so, we still have businesses refusing service to customers based upon, in this case, religion.The Oktaha, Oklahoma gun range  Save Yourself Survival and Tactical Gun Range  (what a name) decided to prohibit 29-year-old Raja ee Fatihah from their establishment because he s a Muslim. And now the U.S Army reservist, who proudly serves his country despite being openly discriminated against by bigots, is throwing a much-deserved lawsuit back in their face.The gun range, quite openly, prohibits Muslims, as can be seen in the photo:Save Yourself Survival and Tactical Gun Range via CAIRLittle did they realize that the person whom they banned from their establishment was none other than a board member in the Oklahoma chapter of the Muslim advocacy group, the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR). The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) is the one who helped file the suit, and the legal director of the Oklahoma chapter, Brady Henderson perfectly stated: Whether the sign in question says  no Muslims  or whether it says  no coloreds  or whether it says  no women  or  no Christians  or  no Buddhists    it is just as un-American and fundamentally it is just as wrong. Fatihah said the range was fine and pleasant with him until he revealed that he was, in fact, Muslim. He said: At that point, they started treating me with suspicion. The ACLU released this as part of their press release: The lawsuit alleges that the policy violates Oklahoma s non-discrimination law as well as the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which forbids certain places of business from denying service to customers based on their race, color, religion, or national origin. Although the business is open to the general public, in July 2015, the owners posted a sign near the front entrance announcing that Muslims are not permitted at the facility and that the business is a  Muslim free establishment. There is no justification for a business denying people service based on religion,  said Fatihah.  I am a servant of my community in every respect, and as a proud American, I have enlisted in the U.S. Army Reserve to protect this country. I should be afforded the same rights and privileges as anyone else. When Fatihah arrived at the business s main counter, owners required him to fill out a liability form and provide his name, address, and driver s license number  standard procedure for patrons seeking to use the gun range s facilities. However, after Fatihah identified himself as a Muslim, the owners armed themselves with handguns and demanded to know whether he was there to  commit an act of violence or as part of a  jihad.  Fatihah was then made to leave the gun range without receiving service. According to WBRZ: The Oklahoma store owner s attorney, Robert Muise, says Fatihah was denied service because he was belligerent, not because of his religion. However, if you look at the sign on the front door that reads plain as day, MUSLIM FREE ESTABLISHMENT,  it s hard to buy that story line. It will definitely be interesting to see how this lawsuit moves forward and if justice will be served.Featured image: Council on American-Islamic Relations via Mother Jones",0
7986," Trump Calls For A Boycott Of Apple, But Forgets He’s Tweeting On An iPhone","Donald Trump decided he was anti-capitalism on Friday when he called for his supporters to boycott Apple products. Would he be joining in the boycott he called for? Probably not because he s still using his iPhone to tweet dozens of times a day. Oops.Trump has taken the side of the federal government over Apple in the fight between combating terrorism and consumer privacy. The Justice Department has repeatedly demanded that Apple break into the iPhone of one of the San Bernardino terrorists. The tech company has declined, citing the need to protect the privacy of its customers.Hilariously, Trump s call for an Apple boycott comes on a day where he has been busy tweeting, and many users noticed that Trump s tweets come with a signature  Twitter for iPhone  description on the bottom.lol pic.twitter.com/PSnvAUEDgr  Colin Jones (@colinjones) February 19, 2016can't stop, won't stop pic.twitter.com/CmjksXMS2Z  Colin Jones (@colinjones) February 19, 2016Trump may have been under the impression that no one would notice what kind of device he was using because for Twitter users going directly to the website or ones using the Twitter app on their phones, this description doesn t always appear. For users of the Twitter organizational app called Tweetdeck.The Republican front-runner made the comments at a campaign rally in South Carolina where he is expected to win the primary by a massive margin.Trump s attack on Apple is an odd choice for the man who frequently cites his shrewd business sense as his main (some might say  only ) presidential qualifier. It s certainly not about ethics. Trump routinely brags that his companies have declared bankruptcy to exploit the government and make the taxpayers give him more money. Instead, it might just be out of professional jealousy. After all, Trump may be a billionaire, but none of his assets hold a candle to Apple s profitability.Recently, Apple s value surpassed $700 billion, the largest company in the United States by a massive margin. It s unlikely that Trump, or his fans, will have any discernible impact on the company s profits. In the past several years, Republicans have threatened to boycott everything from Starbucks to Cheerios. The half-baked protests have worked exactly zero times. Trump may have the Republican Party under his thumb, but most of America still hates his guts.Feature image via Gage Skidmore/Flickr",0
7987," Ted Cruz Names Who He’ll Pick As Ambassador To The UN, And You May Vomit (VIDEO)","Sometimes you could wonder if some of the people running for the Republican nomination for president are actually serious. When people like Donald Trump and Ted Cruz are leading the pack   two men who if not in positions of power would be considered certifiably crazy   are able to say the darndest things and get away with it, it makes one wonder if they re stupid, or if the people they re convincing have the mental capacity of a stone.While at a campaign event on Friday, Ted Cruz invited his prized endorser Duck Dynasty star and bigot extraordinaire Phil Robertson to speak. Cruz also, in a lame attempt at humor (sadism?), decided that if he were to be president he may name Robertson as Ambassador to the United Nations. This suggestion was probably in jest, but really, who knows anymore.When talking about Robertson, Cruz says: You know there s a reason he terrifies the mainstream media. He says the things you re not supposed to say. He actually remembers who we are as Americans and just speaks it with a joy, not with an anger, not with a hatred, with a joy in who we are. Then after saying he d name Robertson to the coveted position of UN Ambassador, he said: How much would you pay to see the Russian ambassador s face when Phil says,  What is wrong with you people?' Okay, here s the thing: Russia would probably really like Robertson because they have the same stance on homosexuality. So, who knows, maybe it would be a budding bromance.If Robertson s views are  who we are as Americans  then, quite frankly, we re up shits creek without a paddle. Most folks who admire common sense and decency for all humans regardless of race, gender of sexual orientation would tend to disagree with the horrendous statements both Robertson and Cruz regularly state.However, it is not at all surprising that Cruz would pander to his idiot base of voters with such a moronic suggestion as Robertson at the UN. His pandering knows no bounds, as was evident when he went full camo in Robertson s official endorsement of him.Needless to say, this is something we should not fret over, because Ted Cruz will not be president if the American voters have anything to say about it.Featured image via flickr",0
7988," Sandra Bland’s Mother Not Only Stands With Hillary Clinton, But Wrote This Inspiring Poem","They say there s nothing worse than burying your child, which is exactly what Geneva Reed-Veal had to do after her daughter Sandra Bland died in police custody. Bland was pulled over by a police officer for failing to signal as she changed lanes. Hardly a crime worthy of an arrest, and most certainly not a crime worthy of a death sentence. In most circumstances, an officer would likely give a warning, but in Bland s case she was torn from her car and placed under arrest. Bland was later found dead in her jail cell.Looking at the broader picture of what happened when lined up next to a constant string of story after story of police brutality against people of color, Bland s mother Geneva wants change, and she feels the person to deliver that change is Hillary Clinton.In a verbal endorsement of the former Secretary of State, Geneva read aloud a poem she wrote about and for Clinton that states her many reasons why she is backing Clinton s run for the White House.Here is her poem:Now is the time, this is the place, Now we are ready. Hillary is the face. Why am I endorsing this woman to my right? Because she has for years continuously put up the fight.She seeks to make equal pay for equal work a priority. I don t know about you, but that sure works for me! Here s a woman who has shown time and time again, She has the skill, experience and staying power more than 20 years in.Yes, there was Benghazi and the infamous email situation. While both were stressful, she maintained her poise and dedication. Dedicated to seeing mothers who singlehandedly raise babies Finally get compensated equal pay in this world that has gone crazy.Selfless in sitting down with a room of mourning mothers, Who have violently lost their children both sons and daughters. Now this I know to be absolutely true; I am one of those who met with her and was able to make it through.She has a plan on gun laws that s like none other. Unapologetically she speaks out about the NRA and issues of color. Her plan for immigration is to keep families together. She ll end family detention and close private immigration shelters.She supports the bipartisan U.S.A. Freedom Act. President Obama signed it into law, and she has his back! She has fought for quality affordable health care her entire career. So she ll defend the Affordable Care Act and build on the successes of it here.She ll cut taxes for the middle class, raise the minimum wage, and ensure the wealthiest pay their fair share. She ll invest in infrastructure and education. This woman really cares. I ve watched and followed her career, and saw her take hits. Yet she still manages to stand here decades later as if it didn t bother her one bit!As Sandra Bland s mother, I know a little about frustration. You have to stand and push through it, even when you want a vacation. Like me, she misses the counsel of her late father, who told her always  carry a shovel,  So at any given time she could dig herself out of trouble.Like me, she lost her dad in 1993. His wisdom played a big part in the strength she shows you and me. I ve shared with you just some of Hillary s views, Now it s up to you to do your research and vote when you re through.People, we are expecting a new president in nine months. Hillary is that new baby. From now until November let s fiercely support this lady!I present to you, Secretary Hillary Rodham Clinton.There s no denying Hillary s long career of hard work and dedication to those who have been oppressed by a system that seems to be working against rather than for them. It s clear the Sandra Bland s mother Geneva feels in her heart of hearts that the person to move the country forward is the former Secretary of State.No matter who we choose on election day, we must make sure it s for someone who truly embodies a path forward for everyone. A nation of the many, not just the few who were fortunate enough to be born into privilege.Featured image from HillaryClinton.com",0
7989, Texas Father Disowns Teenage Daughter For Her ‘Sickening’ Interracial Relationship (TWEETS),"It has been nearly fifty years since the landmark Supreme Court ruling, Loving v. Virginia, that made interracial marriages (relationships) legal in the United States, but apparently some people are unaware of the ruling. A teenager in Texas recently tweeted an infuriating letter from her dad explaining the reason why he s disowning her: the relationship she was in with an African-American male.Stephanie Hicks, 19, is dating a black male and apparently this pissed her father off so much that he disowned her. In a letter she posted on Twitter, her father says: My belief is that interracial relationships are despicable. Vulgar and reprehensible. There s nothing worse than a half-black, and I m crushed that my own daughter has entered into such a disgusting relationship Mistakes can be forgiven, but you have willingly and consciously chosen a lifestyle of sickening choices, and I won t tolerate it. Her father then tells her that is she does not break up with her boyfriend, Nike, that she is not welcome in his life any longer: If you choose this black kid over your parents fill [suitcases] up and leave my house Change your name as soon as possible, because I won t have any association with you. Ever. First of all, as a parent, I am disgusted by this piece of garbage who has the audacity to call himself  Dad.  If he s are willing to disown his child over who they are dating, he never had any business raising a kid in the first place.Secondly, it is 2016 and no matter how much the GOP would like us all to believe racism is dead, it is clearly alive and thriving in the state of Texas. Her father called her relationship  sickening  but the only thing sickening about any of this is that guy s vile, hatred for a person because of the melanin he has in his skin. It is sad that this is even a battle that needs to be fought still, but it does.Like Stephanie, I am super white. I m so white that you could all use me to guide your way through a dark forest and my husband isn t white at all. I also live in the South, just like her and know what it is like to have people stare at me with disgust because my husband and child are naturally tan. Seriously. In 2016.America really has changed that much in the last fifty years because we have an entire political party that campaigns on platforms of racism and hate   hell, just look at Donald Trump. And this is going to continue to be a problem until we all step up and fight back. That means that we all have to vote for progressive candidates who want to move this country forward, not back.Hopefully, Stephanie takes this and uses it to become an even stronger human being. Sometimes the best thing a toxic person can do for you is cut themselves out of your life. Featured image via Twitter",0
7990, Bernie Sanders Just Received A Crucial Nevada Endorsement,"Bernie Sanders just received a major endorsement in Nevada. The Clark County Black Caucus announced on Thursday that they have decided to endorse Sanders in the Democratic primary race. This comes just before the Nevada caucuses are held on Saturday.So cool:RT @DammitPete: @YvetteBWilliams @DJShakespeare @CCDBC @BernieSanders #FeelTheBern pic.twitter.com/wgWBTkewXO  Yvette B. Williams (@YvetteBWilliams) February 19, 2016BernieSanders gives @CCDBC a shout out for CCBC endorsement. We believe in you & new deal for America. #FeelTheBern pic.twitter.com/r2qp6AXIzy  CCBC-NV Black Caucus (@CCDBC) February 19, 2016Clark County is the largest county in Nevada. With both Sanders and Hillary Clinton working overtime to win over minority voters, this is a huge win for Sanders. Sanders has not polled as favorably among black voters as Clinton has in the past.The endorsement that came from the CCDC shows just how far Sanders has come in the past few months. Yvette Williams, chairwoman of the caucus said that the endorsement,  wasn t a very difficult decision. The CCBC released a statement which in which Williams wrote that while Clinton is qualified, their choice to for who they want to be the next president of the United States is Sanders. Williams writes: With continuing unemployment disproportionately impacting Black Nevadans, over representation in prisons and the justice system, low performing schools, and lack of economic opportunity, we are looking for a President that will dismantle broken systems, and provide access to a new deal. A leader that will fight for wealth and racial equality, quality universal healthcare and lower prescription costs, debt free college education, jobs for American workers, restore and protect voting rights, and work to end racial injustice. Your commitment to getting big money out of politics and restoring our government back to its people is an important concern of CCBC members. Clinton once held a substantial lead over Sanders in Nevada. That lead is gone as polls show the two candidates tied in a dead heat. Endorsements from black intellectuals such as Michelle Alexander and Ta-Nehisi Coates (albeit tacit ones) have helped to shine a light on Sanders  record for standing up for civil rights. They along with a strong backlash against several failed attempts by people to try and smear Sanders  record, have helped the candidate.A win in Nevada would be a major boost to the Sanders campaign. Sanders lost to Clinton in Iowa by a hair, in what was a virtual tie. That coupled with a landslide win in New Hampshire and a win in Nevada would make Sanders the clear front runner of in the Democratic primary. That might change once again when it comes time for the South Carolina primary. Featured image from Gage Skidmore [CC BY-SA 3.0], via Wikimedia Commons",0
7991, Fox Airs Footage Of Riots While Covering President Obama’s Black Lives Matter Meeting (VIDEO),"In a despicable bit of biased news coverage, Fox & Friends aired footage of riots while covering President Obama s meeting with Black Lives Matter leaders.President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama celebrated Black History Month at the the White House on Thursday, during which they met with several leaders of the Black Lives Matter movement for nearly two hours thanking them for their efforts to bring attention to issues that are important to the African-American community.Black Lives Matter began as a peaceful protest against police shootings of unarmed black men and women, but has since become a larger organization focused on other issues as well, including mass incarceration and income inequality.Fox News, of course, did not cover the event fairly at all. While covering the story, the conservative network aired footage of black people rioting even though riots had nothing to do with the event.Host Heather Childers introduced the segment by opening with comments about riots in Baltimore and Ferguson while playing the footage, which Fox apparently keeps on hand to air whenever President Obama dares to honor anybody who isn t white. The violent riots several years ago in Ferguson and Baltimore now drawing praise from President Obama   praise,  Childres said in disgust even though Black Lives Matter did not instigate the riots nor did they approve of them.Here s the video via Twitter:Yesterday, the President thanked the leaders of the  Black Lives Matter  movement, calling it  outstanding work https://t.co/LdizseW5rY  FOX & Friends (@foxandfriends) February 19, 2016Fox News could have simply covered the event without unrelated footage of riots, but they chose to be total racists instead.Even CNN host Brian Stelter couldn t hide his utter disgust of how Fox News covered President Obama s Black History Month event. Insidious use of video: Fox mentions Obama meeting with #BlackLivesMatter leaders, shows RIOT video, not protest vid https://t.co/25jl3NKZ1n  Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) February 19, 2016Once again, Fox News shows just how biased it is, but at least they didn t completely get away with it this time. Featured Image: MySide s Spew",0
7992, ‘Pro-Life’ Scott Walker Just Signed Two Bills That Will INCREASE The Need For Abortions,"Republicans always talk a big game about being  pro-life.  One of the ways they lead their clueless voters into thinking that they really care about abortions is by attacking healthcare organizations that provide the services. That s exactly what happened in Wisconsin on Thursday when Governor Scott Walker signed two bills that will block millions of dollars in federal funding from reaching Planned Parenthood.According to Yahoo News:One of the new Wisconsin rules requires the state to apply for federal  Title X  family planning grant money and to give those monies to  less controversial public entities  such as state, county and local health departments and clinics, a statement from Walker s office said.Planned Parenthood is currently the only entity in Wisconsin receiving this federal money and the funds will not be sent to the organization, the statement said. Less controversial ? The only reason Planned Parenthood is  controversial  is because the GOP has made it so. They attack the group because it is an easy target as the country s largest abortion provider. But they actively ignore the fact that only roughly three percent of the organization s services are abortion related and that federal funding does NOT pay for that three percent   it is illegal and has been since 1976.The other bill that Walker signed into law will restrict the amount of money Planned Parenthood gets back for birth control (and other prescriptions) reimbursements.The bill singles out Planned Parenthood by referring to  a covered entity that is an abortion provider.  Of the 22 Planned Parenthood clinics in the state, only three perform abortions. Planned Parenthood affiliates in Wisconsin serve more than 60,000 patients annually.This is really important because in order to truly be  pro-life  one must actively reduce the need for pregnancy terminations. One of the easiest ways of doing that is by providing women and girls with free birth control. Now, twenty-two clinics are going to have a very hard time doing this because of Walker. If these women do not have access to birth control, then this could result in a boom of pregnancies   Walker should have taken a look at Texas.Together the two laws could block more than $7 million of federal funding from reaching the clinics.  All of this proves that GOP cares less about preventing abortions and much more about punishing women and Planned Parenthood. Featured image via Gage Skidmore/Flickr",0
7993, Arkansas School ‘Desegregates’ By Only Calling Black Students To Assembly On Gangs And Drugs (VIDEO),"An Arkansas school was ordered to desegregate and for some reason the school thought that meant forcing only black students to attend an assembly on gangs and drugs.Maumelle High School claims it was only complying with the court order to desegregate when school officials summoned African-American freshman students to an assembly via intercom.The assembly featured Pastor Dante Shelton, who presented his experience with drugs and gang violence. But it wasn t long before the students began to realize that there were no white students at the assembly. Someone in the group asked, why are there no other kids except for African-American kids here?  Aaron Perkins, whose sister attended the event, told KATV.  She felt that it was very racist. But school officials insist the assembly was only part of the effort to desegregate the school, which somehow has been allowed to skirt federal law since it was founded in 2011. It s as if they have never heard of Brown v. Board of Education at all.According to school spokeswoman Deborah Roush, Freshmen students were identified by the school because it is a time of transition when they are more easily influenced. Black students were selected with the intent that the assembly would be an extension of the district s court-ordered desegregation efforts, which encourage programs and opportunities tailored to minority students. And that is just complete bullshit. The very definition of desegregation is the ending of policies that keep people of different races apart. So in no way could this assembly be part of that effort. If anything, it s an effort to cling onto segregation, which keeps the races separate.Here s the video via KATV.Not only does this school apparently not know the definition of desegregation, they apparently don t realize how racist this assembly was either. By only including black students at this assembly, the school is assuming that only black kids join gangs or do drugs and that is simply an outrageous stereotype. The school claims students could  opt out  of the assembly, but when a student is called via intercom to go somewhere by the school office, you go. So it definitely looks like these students had no choice and are the victims of racism at their school.Understandably, parents are outraged and the ACLU is now involved. Maumelle High School owes these parents and the students they singled out an apology. And perhaps another court visit is in order to make sure school officials understand what desegregation means. Featured image from screenshot",0
7994, Cruz Is Getting Destroyed Over This FAKE Photo Of Rubio And Obama (IMAGES),"Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz is, once again, under fire for using dirty campaign tactics in the GOP primary race.The controversy stems for a website created by the Cruz campaign. The site, therealrubiorecord.com, attempts to posit Marco Rubio as a  Republican Obama.  The fact that the allegation is completely asinine isn t what is causing the stir. It is rather, the poor Photoshop job the campaign did with one of the site s graphics.See this handshake? Totally not real.Rubio advisor @dtoddharris on photoshop: ""This is how phony and deceitful the Cruz campaign has become"" pic.twitter.com/AlZphykHIK  Zeke Miller (@ZekeJMiller) February 18, 2016The Cruz campaign responded to criticisms of the website. They did not deny that the handshake image was faked, they focused on their anti-Rubio talking points. Cruz spokesman Rick Tyler said: Of course Marco Rubio is throwing a fit because he s ashamed of his liberal record of standing with Chuck Schumer and Barack Obama to try to pass amnesty. And let s not let Rubio s dirty campaign tactics get a free pass here   Rubio is having his supporters crash opponent events and tape literature inside women s bathroom stalls, and his campaign is running intentionally misleading statewide robocalls. Again, Rubio will do anything to distract away from his liberal record. Once news spread about the site s use of fake photos, conservative supporters of Rubio and others took to Twitter to mock the candidate. The hashtag #CruzPhotoshop shows some of the hilarious mockeries that are being aimed at the Cruz campaign.Truly terrifying #CruzPhotoshop pic.twitter.com/WctGDmwbXo  Troompa Loompa (@TroompaLoompa) February 18, 2016""I'll never let go, Ted. I'll never let go."" #cruzphotoshop pic.twitter.com/15UpFXqlxY  Ashley (@Ashley67311506) February 18, 2016SHOCKING. Cruz campaign showing evidence @marcorubio was near the grassy knoll when JFK was killed. #CruzPhotoshop pic.twitter.com/1RjW9uQjC1  MWePolitics (@MWPolitics) February 18, 2016Cruz does have a lot to gain by driving home the point that Rubio is in favor of the Trans-Pacific Partnership. It won t sit well with Republicans who are against the TPP. The trade deal is opposed by all Democratic presidential candidates   both those still running and those who have dropped out of the race. For a candidate as extreme as Cruz is, he needs something to stand behind that makes him look appealing to moderates. Judging by the Rubio supporters reaction, the stunt may have backfired for Cruz. Then again, far more people are talking about the site than if the campaign had not used a fake photo. In the world of political PR stunts, every result is mixed.Featured image from Gage Skidmore via Flickr",0
7995," Obama’s ‘You Know It’s Black History Month When’ Joke Stole The Show, Made Michelle Blush (VIDEO)","The First Couple greeted an eager crowd celebrating Black History Month at the White House when the thing conservatives hate most about him became obvious once again. He s black. His wife, Michelle, is also black. They have black children. They are also wonderful parents and self-made role models as President and First Lady of the United States.The president knows it, so when the introductions included a  Haaaaaaay Michelle,  The President tossed a magnificent  You know you re at Black History Month When  joke that makes her go a bit shy. She managed to pull it off with the grace and style of the First Lady of the United States. It s important we remind the people who would use this episode to somehow call the president a  race-baiter  or that he is  pandering   to people celebrating black history:WATCH: POTUS: ""We know it is black history month when we hear someone say 'heeey, Michelle! Girl. You Look so good!""https://t.co/3u36Y3iede  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) February 19, 2016Black History Month isn t just dedicated at the White House. It has been, for the eight time, dedicated by a black man holding the highest office in the land. Doing so under such incredible obstructionism as to make anything he could have accomplished nothing short of miraculous, he saw our country out of a financial crisis many of us thought would be the next Great Depression. He restored honor to the White House in the wake of a buffoon and his band of thieves and thugs. Who better to comment on what Black History Month means than that guy?The video is from the ABC News Twitter feed, and you can tell that ABC is hard at work deleting the racism, just by the leftover comments from people calling others out on it. The original posts about the tweet came from News One and Globalgrind, who have both disabled their comments for the story.Featured image from screen capture",0
7996," Morgan Freeman, America’s Most Beloved Narrator, Voices Powerful New Clinton Ad (VIDEO)","Actor Morgan Freeman, beloved not just for his on-screen persona but also his silky smooth voice, has put his skills to good use with a powerful new ad for Hillary Clinton s campaign.Shot largely in black and white and titled  All the Good,  the ad spans the years from Clinton s origins: This church taught her to do all the good you can, for all the people you can, for as long as you can. to her on the campaign trail. She understands that this country can t reach it s potential, unless we all do. And as ever, Freeman has an uncanny ability to make you sit up and listen regardless of the subject matter.And for Clinton fans (or fans of Morgan Freeman s voice), this ad is slated to be just one in a series that the actor will record for the Clinton campaign. A longer version of the ad will also begin appearing on televisions across America later this month.Despite a few desperate conservatives trying to claim Freeman as their own, he has long established himself as a fierce advocate for Democrats. Early in Obama s first term, Freeman slammed the Tea Party for the way he said they were intentionally trying to sabotage Obama based on his race. The tea partiers who are controlling the Republican party their stated policy, publicly stated, is to do whatever it takes to see to it that Obama only serves one term,  he tells Piers Morgan.  What underlines that? Screw the country, we re going to do whatever we can to get this black man out of here. In 2012, he lent his voice to Barack Obama s reelection campaign, with similarly powerful results.In contrast, Republican candidates have struggled to find celebrities willing to attach their names to campaigns. Almost every other day, a conservative candidate is served with a cease-and-desist order for using the music of America s biggest pop icons. It s left Republicans struggling to scrape the bottom of the barrel of D-listers. While Sanders and Clinton pick up George Clooney and Susan Sarandon, Ted Cruz and Trump are literally squabbling over the family members of Duck Dynasty.And then there is whatever this is supposed to be:Waiter, I'll have what she's having. RT @passantino: This has to be the best line from Palin s endorsement https://t.co/XtXE23SzYn  Saeed Jones (@theferocity) January 20, 2016With  celebrities  like Sarah Palin, who needs Oscar winners like Morgan Freeman. Right, Republicans?Feature image via Flickr",0
7997, GOP Board Of Education Candidate May Be The Craziest Person In Texas,"There have been plenty of accusations made against President Obama before and during his presidency. Birthers, led by Donald Trump, have for years, accused the president of being foreign born. He s even been  accused  of being a Muslim, as if being a Muslim is somehow indicative of being something bad. Now, a GOP politician has come out with another accusation: that president Obama has a soft spot for homosexuals because he was once a gay prostitute. Mary Lou Bruner, a retired teacher and a Republican candidate for the Texas State Board of Education said: That s how he paid for his drugs. He has admitted he was addicted to drugs when he was young and he is sympathetic with homosexuals; but he hasn t come out of the closet about his own homosexual/bisexual background. What is her evidence? Well, as is the case with Republicans when they make terrible accusations, they usually have no evidence but they simply play on the fears of people. What s especially troubling about this case is that Bruner s a serious contender for the 15 member education body which already has a vein of lunacy. This is the same body that enacted: Curriculum guidelines requiring students to learn about Confederate heroes, and required teachers to explain the equivalency of Abraham Lincoln s and Jefferson Davis s inaugural addresses, as well as the ways international institutions such as the United Nations threaten U.S. sovereignty. Bruner fits right in with the lunacy and she should be perfect. In the past, she s made other interesting accusations. She s claimed that  evolution is a religious philosophy with propaganda supporting the religion of Atheism.  She also said that scientists have hidden hard evidence that humans and dinosaurs lived at the same time.Despite these crazy accusations and far fetched theories, Bruner is not an anomaly. She has become a standard bearer of the Republican party. Featured image from Wikimedia Commons.",0
7998, Racism Wins The Day As S.C. Prepares To Vote For Trump,"The New York Times reports that Donald Trump is going to win the South Carolina Republican primary and remind everyone just how unbelievably racist Southern Republicans are:With a campaign message about cracking down on illegal immigration and fighting Middle Eastern terrorism with methods including torture, Mr. Trump has built a commanding lead in South Carolina polls. His results in the two early-voting states so far have alarmed more traditional Republicans, who fear that a Trump nomination would solidify for nonwhite voters an image of Republicans as an angry and intolerant party. More traditional Republicans  means the Republicans who are perfectly fine with their base being rabidly racist as long as they keep it out of sight. But after 50 years of the Southern Strategy in which Republicans appealed, almost nonstop, to the racial resentment and petty entitlement of white people in order to secure their vote, the base of the Republican Party has no room left for diversity.In other words, they built that.Just to be clear on how screwed Republicans are, Nate Silver s 538 predicts an 81% chance of a Trump victory in South Carolina. He s currently projected to win with 32% of the vote with Rubio and Cruz coming in at 19.4% and 18.8% respectively.The Times, like much of the media, is trying really, REALLY hard to blame the racism of the GOP base on Trump as if he summoned it from thin air. This is part and parcel of the unspoken pact to pretend that the Republican Party is not an angry and intolerant party. But anyone who s paid the slightest attention to what Republicans say and what they do is very aware that the rest of the party is exactly as racist as Trump, they re just smart enough not to say it out loud. As long as they use dog whistles and coded language, Republicans, aided by the corporate media, were able to pander to their racist base while still appealing to low-information independents that didn t pay attention. Trump is a threat because he s exposing them for who they really are and that will make them toxic to the majority of the country.If Trump, a pro-choice New Yorker that is not religious in any meaningful way can win big in Bible-thumping South Carolina, it shows that racism is, indeed, the prime motivating factor of the Republican Party.Good luck spinning that, corporate media!Featured image via AI archives",0
7999, Donald Trump LIED About Supporting The Iraq War (AUDIO),"Donald Trump just got caught lying about one of his biggest claims as the South Carolina primary approaches.Throughout his campaign, Trump has hammered Jeb Bush over his brother George W. Bush s terrible decision to go to war with Iraq, a war that cost America trillions of dollars and thousands of lives.He has even claimed to be the only candidate in the GOP field who opposed the war before we invaded and he did so again during the GOP Debate on Saturday night. I m the only one on this stage that said,  Do not go into Iraq. Do not attack Iraq,  Trump declared. Nobody else on this stage said that. And I said it loud and strong. And I was in the private sector. I wasn t a politician, fortunately. But I said it, and I said it loud and clear,  You ll destabilize the Middle East.  That s exactly what happened. Trump repeated himself again on Thursday night during the GOP Town Hall event, even going so far as to say that George H. W. Bush dealt with Iraq the right way when we went to war against Saddam Hussein in order to protect Kuwait in 1992.Up to this point, Trump s claims had gone unchallenged. But now an audio recording has popped up of a Trump interview with Howard Stern that blows both of Trump s claims about both wars in Iraq out of the water.As it turns out, Trump not only lied about his opposition to the Iraq invasion in 2003, he lied about believing that Operation Desert Storm was handled correctly. Are you for invading Iraq?  Stern asked Trump point-blank back in 2002, a year before the first troops set foot in Iraq.TRUMP:  Yeah, I guess so. I wish the first time it was done correctly. Here s the damning audio via Buzzfeed.And when Anderson Cooper asked Trump about the Stern interview on Thursday, here is what Trump had to say. I could have said that. Nobody asked me that. I wasn t a politician. It was probably the first time anyone has asked me that question. When you re in the private sector, you get asked things, and you re not a politician, and probably the first time I was asked. By the time the war started, I was against it, and shortly thereafter, I was really against. Note to Donald: It doesn t matter if you were a politician or not. A lie is a lie and your time in the private sector does not exempt you from being called out for it, nor does it excuse it. Featured image: Flickr",0
8000, Colbert Lays A Catholic Smack Down On Trump Over Pope Francis Fight (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has added Pope Francis to his very long list of people he is feuding with. During an episode of The Late Show with Colbert, Stephen Colbert did a hilarious bit about Trump s latest failure attempt to pander to Christians.The feud came after Pope Francis was quoted as saying that Trump is not a Christian, A person who thinks only about building walls wherever they may be and not of building bridges is not a Christian,  Pope Francis said while traveling to Rome from Mexico. When asked if he thought people should or should not vote for Trump, Pope Francis responded saying,  As far as what you said about whether I would advise to vote or not to vote, I am not going to get involved in that. I say only that this man is not Christian if he has said things like that. Trump released an official campaign response, where said that Pope Francis is going to regret not supporting him and his campaign when ISIS attacks the Vatican. During a campaign rally on Thursday Trump had this to say: As I m walking up here, they said,  Mr. Trump, the pope made a statement about you,  and I said,  The pope? What did the pope say? I like the pope   was it good or bad? Because if it was good, I like the pope. If it s bad, I don t like the pope. Colbert mocks Trump during the segment, saying: It s like Jesus said:  Blessed are the poor, unless they said something bad about me   then screw them. Trump is trying to pander to Christians. He really needs them in order to secure his chances at receiving the Republican primary nomination.As I have pointed out before, Trump is making himself look a fool doing it too. It s not just that Trump isn t saying the wrong things to win over Christian voters. He doesn t even appear to understand the basic concepts of Christianity. This was shown Trump publicly stated that he had not asked Jesus Christ for forgiveness.You can the video below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
8001, Remember When David Letterman Hilariously Destroyed Trump’s China Rhetoric? (VIDEO),"During a town hall event in South Carolina, which was televised live on February 18, Donald Trump yet again promised would-be-voters that if he s elected president, he s going to crack down on China.During the town hall, Trump told host Anderson Cooper that if he s elected president he will send cease and desist letters to China and Mexico, telling the two countries to stop  ripping off  the U.S. Yeah, maybe to China, to stop ripping us off. I d be sending them to other countries to stop ripping us off. I d send them to Mexico. And when I say cease-and-desist orders, maybe it d be equivalent. Maybe I ll do it with my mouth. Trump s comments came in response to questions regarding a cease and desist letter sent to his campaign earlier this week, by Republican challenger Ted Cruz.Typical of Trump, instead of addressing the question, he diverted the attention of the crowd away from the issue, talking instead about how the U.S. is being  ripped off  by the evil foreign people his supporters love to hate.The day before the South Carolina town hall, Trump told a different audience, China has been one of the great thefts of all time, what they ve done to the United States. We can t let China continue to get away with what they re doing to our country. While China bashing has been a major theme of the Trump campaign since day one, there s no shortage of evidence to show what a bloviating hypocrite he is on this subject.Back in 2012, former talk-show host David Letterman hilariously humiliated  the Donald  by exposing his China hypocrisy on The Late Show.Just as Trump was about to go off on one of his signature anti-China rants, Letterman started reading the tags from a line of goods sold under Trump s name at Macy s Department Stores.Of course the products are made in places like China and Bangladesh, where workers are paid pennies an hour, to produce goods sold which are then sold at high end department stores in the U.S.If you re one of the many Americans who has longed to see someone just make Trump shut his mouth, then watch the video below.You won t be disappointed:Image via Wikimedia",0
8002, Here’s A LONG List Of Bernie Sanders’ Accomplishments (WITH CITATIONS),"We ve already discussed Barack Obama s many accomplishments. And, we also did a piece recently discussing Hillary s long list of accolades, as well. It s only fair that we did one for Bernie, too, given the current nature of the Democratic presidential race.So, without further delay, here s an extensive list of Bernie Sanders  accomplishments, and it s A LOT despite some of the rhetoric circulating around the internet stating he s too much of a far-left progressive to get anything passed.Won a championship on the basketball team at his primary school in Brooklyn.Was Captain of his cross-country team, winning a lot of races. In fact, he was so successful he was repeatedly talked about in the school s yearbook the very next year despite having already graduated.Forced the class president at his James Madison High School to raise scholarship money for kids in Korea, after they had been orphaned due to the war there in the 1950 s.Organized a sit-in against segregation when he was still a student in college. This was the first civil rights sit-in in Chicago history. This led to the University of Chicago investigating the discrimination just a week afterward.Defeated the 5-term mayor of Burlington, winning by just ten votes in his bid against Democratic mayor Gorden Paquette. Hey, a win is a win. The odds were stacked against him. (Guma, The People s Republic, pg. 42.)He won re-election three times, defeating Democratic and Republican contenders.Caused voter turnout to double during his tenure.Burlington became the first city in the country to fund community-trust housing under Sanders  leadership.He not only balanced the city budget, but undertook ambitious downtown revitalization projects. He even helped bring in a minor-league baseball team to the town, the Vermont Reds.He sued the town s local cable franchise and won reduced rates for customers.Kept a developer from turning important waterfront property into condominiums, hotels, and offices to be used only by the wealthy and affluent. Instead, it was made into housing, parks, and public space. Even today, the area still has many parks and miles of public beach and bike baths, including a science center.Provided new firms with seed funding, and helped businesses create trade associations. He funded training programs to give women access to nontraditional jobs and even gave special attention to women wanting to become entrepreneurs.Voted as one of America s best mayors by U.S. News & World Report in 1987.Taught political science at Harvard University s Kennedy School of Government and Hamilton College.His 1990 victory was described by The Washington Post as being the  First Socialist Elected  to the United States House of Representatives in more than 40 years.Served in the House from 1991 until the time he became a Senator in 2007. Over a span of 16 years, he continuously won re-election by large margins, with the only exception being 1994.In his very first year in the House, he co-founded the Congressional Progressive Caucus. He led this group for its first eight years. Its primary devotion is to advance liberal causes and is currently the largest organization within the Democratic congressional caucus.He sided with the minority in voting against the use of force against Iraq in 1991 and 2002. He also opposed the 2003 invasion of Iraq.Voted against the Patriot Act despite the majority of Congress voting for it (357 to 66). He also sponsored several amendments trying to limit its effects, even getting a proposal passed through the House preventing the government from obtaining a record of the books people buy.Was an open critic of Federal Reserve Chair Alan Greenspan and took him head on insisting he only represented  large and wealthy corporations.  Greenspan later admitted to Congress that his economic ideology regarding risky mortgage loans was flawed.He passed more amendments than any other member during his time in the House. It earned him the nickname  The Amendment King.  He did this despite being a  socialist  and Congress being controlled by Republicans from 1994 to 2006, in one of the most partisan right-wing Houses ever.Passed an amendment to  require offenders who are convicted of fraud and other white collar crime to give appropriate notice to victims and other persons in cases where there are multiple victims eligible to receive restitution. Passed an amendment that improved Postsecondary Education. It administered a competitive grant program to institutions of higher education seeking to reduce costs through the purchase of goods and services. This saved colleges and taxpayers both money.He amended the Treasury and General Government Appropriations Act of 2003, stopping the IRS from being able to use funds that  violate current pension age discrimination laws. He expanded free health care and won a $100 million increase in funding by using his amendment powers. This added community health centers that gave out a variety of free health care services.Prevented child labor by passing an amendment to a general appropriations bill. This stated that the U.S. will not appropriate funds for the importation of goods made by the hands of minors.Won a $22 million increase for low-income home energy assistance and a related weatherization assistance program. This helped heat homes for the poor.Passed an amendment that formed a bipartisan coalition effectively prohibiting the Export-Import Bank from handing out loans for nuclear projects in China.Defeated a wealthy businessman, Rich Tarrant, to win his U.S. Senate seat in 2006, in one of the most expensive campaigns in Vermont s history.Received the distinction of being named the third-most popular senator in the country, according to Public Policy Polling in August 2011.Given a score of 100 percent by the NAACP and NHLA (National Hispanic Leadership Agenda) based on his record during his time in the Senate.Named one of the top 5 American Jews of the Forward 50 in 2015.Chairman of the United States Senate Committee on Veterans  Affairs in 2013-2014.Became ranking minority member of the Senate Budget Committee in January 2015.Became ranking minority member of the Subcommittee on Primary Health and Aging.Passed an amendment making sure that solar water heaters provide at least 30 percent of hot water for new federal buildings. This is forcing us to use green energy.Made sure to it that bailout funds weren t used to replace laid-off U.S. workers with exploited and poorly-paid foreign workers.Helped ensure that child care was being offered to parents in the Armed Forces by requiring the Comptroller General to provide accurate reporting on what was being done.Required a public database be made available showing the names of senior Department officials seeking employment with defense contractors. This helped crack down on corruption.Required that the TRICARE program provide treatment to veterans affected by certain types of autism. It wasn t previously being done.Won a battle requiring the Government Accountability Office to conduct an audit of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the part that doesn t interfere with monetary policy). This revealed the names of the recipients of over 2,000,000,000,000 in taxpayer assistance.Was praised by John McCain(R-AZ) and Sen. Jack Reed(D-RI) for overhauling the Veterans Administration. Was said to have done such an excellent job of bringing all parties to a deal, that it wouldn t have gotten done without Sanders  work.But, most of all, what Bernie has done is inspire Americans. That s what he s doing in this election. His list of accomplishments doesn t include all the times he s stood on the Senate floor giving a passionate speech on why the  big banks need to be broken up.  No, you can t quite quantify things like that.Featured image via Facebook",0
8003, Loon Versus Loon: Glenn Beck and Sarah Palin Entertainingly Rip Each Other Apart,"Grab your popcorn, everybody! The Tea Party civil war has kicked off with an all-out battle of stupid between Glenn Beck and Sarah Palin.Their feud has raged largely under the radar since September when Beck fired the first salvo by calling the former half-term Alaska Governor a clown for talking to Donald Trump during an anti-Iran rally. I m going to say it,  Beck announced. I don t care what Sarah Palin says any more. Sarah Palin has become a clown. I m embarrassed that I was once for Sarah Palin. Honestly, I m embarrassed  I don t know who she is any more, I don t know what she stands for. I saw a clip of her talking to Donald Trump. What the hell is that? I don t even know who she is any more. As we all know by now, Beck is a HUGE supporter of Republican presidential wannabe Ted Cruz, so of course that means anybody who doesn t support Cruz is dead to Beck. And that included Palin.And when America s village idiot actually endorsed Trump in an incoherent rant that left everybody craving a Yosemite Sam cartoon, Beck went nuclear on Facebook. Sarah Palin. Small Government, lower taxes, fewer regulations and the constitution? Not any more. Big government Sad excuse to abandon principles. Just because things don t go my way, I don t abandon God. Saul Alinsky is wrong. The ends do not justify the means. But wait! There s more!After a week in which Beck appeared with Cruz to get all teary eyed about  Murica and how Cruz will rule the land with God on his right shoulder whispering in his ear what to do, Palin fired back at her former friend on Thursday.Writing on her Facebook page about Beck s love affair with a man she once shared the Tea Party with, Palin went after Beck on several fronts and did not show any mercy whatsoever. Ted Cruz s star spokesman and campaign partner, Glenn Beck, promises he will support a socialist vs. the pro-life, pro-2nd amendment, pro-growth, pro-American GOP front runner  what s conservative about that?  Palin began in reference to Beck saying he would support Bernie Sanders before he ever supports Trump.Then she pointed out that Beck once said that John McCain would have been worse for the country than President Obama.Palina also slammed Beck for proclaiming his hatred of the American victims of the 9/11 terrorists attacks, and then attacked Beck and Cruz for greeting immigrants at the border.In conclusion, Palin wrote:Beck is known for his continuous mocking of Americans who may disagree with his puzzling antics, while crying just last night,  Why mock ME?  what s consistent about that?Beck will go ballistic after reading this post and will ramp up his unjustified attacks against Donald Trump, me, my faith, and you   for acknowledging all this I ve outlined, in his own words  what s smart about that?Here s her full post via Facebook.// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Ted Cruz s star spokesman and campaign partner, Glenn Beck, promises he will support a socialist vs. the pro-life, Posted by Sarah Palin on Thursday, February 18, 2016Palin just delivered a direct hit on Beck and now we all get to wait for his response, which probably won t be for too long. And we can definitely expect Beck and Palin to continue their feud in the fight for which crazy GOP candidate gets to lose in November to Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders.These two were so much happier before they met other crazy people. Featured image from Flickr/Flickr",0
8004, Fiscal Conservative Ted Cruz Just Released His Plan To Destroy America By EXPLODING Our Deficit,"If you ever want to know how STUPID Republicans are when it comes to economics, you don t need to look back over the decades of Republican presidents and their associated financial disasters. All you need to do is find any potential Republican presidential candidate, and examine their tax plan.2016 s crop of candidates does not fail in this. Every single one of them that has come out with a plan has been universally mocked by legitimate economic scholars that use real math because their plans are more unrealistic than a stop-motion monster movie.The latest member of the idiot village to have his tax fantasy completely trashed is Ted Cruz. His  plan  reads like something a failed James Bond villain would try to do in order to destroy the U.S. economy.Here are some of the features included in Cruz s plan.A 10 percent flat income tax rate:Ted wants to replace our seven different tax brackets with one single tax rate of 10 percent. A flat tax always favors the wealthy while hurting the poor. To put it simply, the poor can t afford to have taxes deducted from their income like the rich can. When you pay 10 percent of 1 million dollars you have $900k remaining and you aren t starving. When you pay 10 percent of $15k you re left with $13.5k and you are starving worse because you were already starving at $15k. Don t forget, we would probably have to cut food stamps and other social safety nets because there is no money for them. Add into that the fact you are paying in taxes equal to about what a single individual would get in food stamps per year, while not actually getting food stamps.Elimination of many major taxes:Cruz wants to remove the estate tax (misclassified as a  death tax  by Republicans), alternative minimum tax, payroll tax, corporate taxes, and the Medicare surtax imposed by the Affordable Care Act. If you want a way to underfund the U.S. government to where it could cause a global financial crisis, this would be one of the ways to do it.Impose a VAT tax on businesses:Despite Cruz denying strongly that he is not in favor of a VAT tax, his business tax proposal is exactly that. The Tax Policy Center calls it that, so that s what we are calling it as well and the fact he is afraid to call it what it is shows the absurdity of his plan. A VAT tax will likely reduce wages because employers will no longer be able to deduct the cost of wages from their taxes. This will force employers to pay even less than they are currently. A good way to crush an economy is to hurt the buying power of the consumer base and this would be one of the most efficient ways to do it.Virtually nothing in this plan seems to be realistically paid for:Another very standard feature of Cruz s plan is that it would explode our federal deficit and debt by amazing levels. Estimates put it at over $20 trillion in 2 decades (8.6 in the first decade, 12 in the second). Republicans can t stop complaining about how President Obama has exploded our debt since he had to have the Bush years  numbers on his books. However, he hasn t even come close to the costs Cruz would impose on the nation. It would make us unable to afford functional government.Most tax savings would go to the top 0.1 percent of filers: Top money-looters (I refuse to call them  earners ) would get a post-tax income boost of $2 million   approximately a 29 percent increase. Middle-income people would get an average of about $1,800   coming in at around a 3.2 percent increase, and lowest income filers would get an average of 0.4 percent of their income, or around $46. To put it more simply, if you are ultra wealthy, you could buy several extra middle-class homes per year just to pass the time. If you are poor you could buy about 60 percent of one McDonald s cheeseburger per week, per year with your savings.There s no other word to describe this besides insane, because it s the same thing from every Republican candidate every year, with them expecting different results every time. Democrats MUST vote in large numbers in November. We literally can t afford not to.Featured image from Flickr",0
8005," Cosmetic Company Posts Pic Of Black Woman’s Lips, Racist Trolls Explode (IMAGES)","Racism is still very prevalent in America. And not just in the way we usually talk about it, either. Perhaps one of the most pervasive forms of racism is in everyday beauty standards, and it was on full display in the comments section of an Instagram post by MAC Cosmetics. The company was promoting a new shade of lipstick, and they used a black model with dark skin and very full lips to promote the lipstick. Here is an embed of that post:Royal romance at @ohnetitelny #AW16. #MACBackstage #NYFWA photo posted by M A C Cosmetics (@maccosmetics) on Feb 17, 2016 at 6:50pm PSTInnocent enough, right? Well, not to the racists in the comments section. Not long after the post went up, the racist trolls were out in force, mocking the model s lips. Here are just a few of the worst comments, before whoever runs MAC s Instagram account started removing the negativity, courtesy of Attn.com:And, as I said before, those are just a few. The post went viral, with thousands of horrible comments, and Mic News Editor Ashley Alese Edwards screen capped and tweeted some of the more offensive ones:What happens when MAC posts a photo of a beautiful black woman's NATURAL lips on Instagram pic.twitter.com/4bGoT7xiN9  Ashley Alese Edwards (@AshleyAlese) February 18, 2016The funny thing is, plenty of white women get injections and all sorts of treatments to make their lips look like   gasp!   a black woman s natural lips. It s only ugly and repulsive to society when it s displayed on black women. That is what is so sickening about all of this   it s just sheer, unabashed hatred based upon race.Hopefully, one day, they see the irony behind what they are doing here. Somehow, I doubt it, though.Featured image from screen capture via MAC Cosmetics Instagram",0
8006, Unhinged Cruz Accuses Obama Of Being An Atheist Because He Won’t Attend A Racist’s Funeral,"As one of Antonin Scalia s last rulings on the Supreme Court, he made the argument that black students should be discouraged from attending top ranked schools because they probably couldn t keep up. Instead he suggested they be sent to  slower-track schools  like, say, community college or lesser universities so they could shoot for mediocrity. It was an appallingly racist statement, from a sitting Supreme Court Justice no less, and one that flies directly in the face of the lived experience of one of the most successful African Americans of all time: Barack Obama.On the way to the White House, Obama overcame racism and adversity to thrive at two top shelf schools   Harvard and the University of Chicago   and that education helped propel his career into law and eventually politics. It s hard to imagine Obama one day becoming president if he had taken Scalia s advice and settled on a  slower-track  community college.So, it hardly seems surprising that Obama isn t planning on cancelling his packed schedule to attend the funeral of a man, however important, that viewed people of his skin color as less competitive than their white counterparts. It s also a long-standing tradition that either the president or the vice president attend the funeral of a justice. Not both. Biden already announced that he was going.Four out of the past seven funerals for a Supreme Court justice have either had the president or vice president in attendance.Former President George W. Bush attended the funeral for Chief Justice William Rehnquist.Former President Bill Clinton attended the funerals for former Chief Justice Warren E. Burger and Justice William Brennan but did not attend the funerals for Justices Harry Blackmun or Lewis F. Powell Jr.Former Vice President Al Gore attended the funeral for Justice Thurgood Marshall.So for any other president this wouldn t be a big deal. But it s Obama. And Republicans are Republicans. The freak out has already begun.While Fox News has devoted wall-to-wall outrage directed at Obama for not going to Scalia s funeral (he ll be in Cuba working out the details to zeitgeist shifting thawing of relations with America s once sworn enemy   kind of a big deal), Sen. Ted Cruz managed to amp up the hysteria to 11 while desperately clawing his way to second place in South Carolina.On the campaign trail, Cruz decided that he would accuse Obama of being an atheist. We ve got 11 more months of watching damage to this country. From a lawless and faithless president who is eager to travel to Cuba, but is unwilling even to show up at the funeral of Justice Antonin Scalia. This is a stark change in Cruz s earlier remarks that said it was irresponsible to  speculate on the President s faith.  It does, however, pander to the beliefs of the toxic fanatics at the very heart of the Republican Party. To them, Obama will always be a Kenyan, socialist, Muslim atheist no matter how many times he celebrates Christmas or mentions his faith in speeches.Cruz s shameful remarks come at a time when he is trying to woe many conservative Christians to support his campaign. In fact, his entire base is built on Christian extremists. Suggesting that Obama is a godless heathen is exactly the sort of thing that would get them fired up enough to vote for a sleazeball like Cruz.Ironically, Cruz s remarks come at a time where he and his fellow ideologues are melting down over the fact that the pope called Donald Trump s plan to build a massive cement wall across the entire southern border un-Christian. Conservatives blasted the pope for pointing out the obvious and suggested it was offensive for someone to speculate about another person s faith. In other words, the sheer amount of hypocrisy being generated by the Republican Party could power the sun.But perhaps there is just a twinge of jealousy in this mudslinging knowing that when Obama does go to church he takes us to church.Feature image from Gage Skidmore/Flickr",0
8007, Bernie Sanders Literally Laughs At Stupidity Of Fox News Trying To Explain Taxes (VIDEO),"Sometimes all you can do is laugh at the stupidity of Fox News, which is exactly what Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders just did when discussing taxes for the wealthy and ridiculous wealth inequality.The Democratic presidential candidate appeared on Fox News with Chris Wallace this past Sunday, and one of the things that the Fox host tried to grill Sanders on was to question the claim that the economy is  rigged  for the one percent.Wallace tried to make his point by pointing out that in 1981 the top one percent paid 17% of all federal income taxes, as compared to now where they pay 37%. However, he clearly doesn t understand math, which actually falls right into Sanders  argument that the system is, in fact, rigged for the very wealthy to keep getting wealthier without paying their fair share of taxes.Wallace asks Sanders: If the wealthy have rigged the system, why have they done such a lousy job of it? This is when Bernie literally laughs out loud and responds to the condescending Wallace: Ohhh, Chris. I think you re missing the major point here, and that is, what we have seen in recent years is a huge transfer of wealth from the middle class to the top one tenth of one percent whose percentage of wealth in America has doubled. We re talking about trillions of dollars going from the middle class to the top one tenth of one percent. Wallace then tries to blame President Obama, because of course, but Sanders responds: These are policies that have gone on for a long long time under Republican administrations and Democratic administrations. Now, are we better off today than we were when President Bush left office and we were losing 800,000 jobs a month? Of course we are. But for the last 40 years what we have been seeing is a middle class disappearing, people working longer hours for low wages, and today, as it happens, 58% of all new income is going to the top one percent. That s a rigged economy to my mind, Chris. And if they are earning 58% of all new income, they should be paying 58% of all tax revenue, but they re not. The system is rigged for them to get away with paying less and less with a lower tax burden due to loopholes and deductions those who make FAR less don t get the opportunity to take advantage of.Sanders is exactly right, and good for him for laughing in the face of Fox News. It s about time someone did.Featured image from YouTube",0
8008, Actor Martin Sheen Tells Senate GOP To Do Their Jobs When Obama Picks SCOTUS Nominee (AUDIO),"Martin Sheen channeled his President Jed Bartlett character from The West Wing to call upon voters to tell Senate Republicans to obey the Constitution.As conservative groups mobilize and begin spending massive amounts of money to keep Republicans to their word that they will refuse to even hold hearings on any of President Obama s Supreme Court nominees to fill the vacant seat Antonin Scalia leaves behind, People For The American Way is fighting back with a campaign of their own. The strategy is to use Sheen in a series of robocalls designed to urge voters to shame Republican senators from Wisconsin and Pennsylvania into doing their jobs.Specifically, the calls target Senator Ron Johnson in Wisconsin and Senator Pat Toomey in Pennsylvania. Our Constitution is very clear about what happens when a vacancy occurs of the Supreme Court,  Sheen says in the call. It says the President shall nominate a new judge and that the Senate will give that nominee a fair consideration. But as you may have heard, Republicans are playing politics with out Constitution and with the Supreme Court. Sheen then goes after Johnson for saying that he doesn t think Senate Republicans should even give a hearing to any nominee.  That s clearly irresponsible and it puts partisanship above the law,  Sheen says before asking voters to call Johnson and tell him to put his  constitutional duties first and give fair consideration to President Obama s nominee. Here s the audio of the Wisconsin robocall via Talking Points Memo.This isn t the first time Martin Sheen has urged voters to stand up for American values. In 2014, he appeared in an ad asking Kentucky voters to elect Alison Lundergan Grimes over Mitch McConnell so that Social Security and Medicare will continue to be safe and made stronger.As we all know, McConnell ended up winning another term in the Senate, which he is now using disgracefully to disobey the Constitution and politicize the Supreme Court instead of doing his job responsibly by holding confirmation hearings for whoever President Obama nominates to fill Scalia s seat.Hopefully, voters won t ignore Sheen s call this time around. Featured image from YouTube",0
8009, Cop’s Convict Daughter DEMANDS Public Service Instead Of Jail For Hate Crime,"Kathryn Knott was convicted of a hate crime for helping friends in a gay bashing assault on a same-sex couple on a Philadelphia street in 2014. She is also the daughter of Chalfont Borough Police Chief Karl Knott, which is most likely why she thinks that she deserves special consideration in this case after she blew her chance at no jail time.Knott was offered a plea deal for probation, which her two cohorts accepted, but insisted she was just an innocent bystander to the crime and turned down the deal. Instead, she opted for a trial where surveillance footage proved she was a damned liar. After the trial, she was found guilty and sentenced to 5-10 months of jail time.Of course, this is an unacceptable situation for her, even though she made her choice to reject the plea. Now, she and her lawyers are demanding that her jail sentence is transformed into a public service announcement to  take the infamy of the arrest and maybe heal some wounds.  Her lawyer is arguing that she is being punished for exercising her constitutional right to have a trial, by the harsher sentence being imposed after she refused a plea deal.Let s change this up just a bit. A group of 3 poor, black young adults assaults a heterosexual white couple, beating them up severely, and leaving one with a broken jaw. The same exact sequence of events follows up to the request of one one be let out of jail by doing a PSA. This would be laughed out of court.She helped beat up a gay couple, leaving them traumatized and one with a broken jaw. She had a chance to accept responsibility and take probation. She blew it by rejecting a deal, but because she s a police chief s princess daughter both she and her lawyer think that grown-up consequences don t apply to her. She deserves every damned day of punishment that she gets, and being a white police chief s daughter is not an excuse.Featured image from Philly Declaration",0
8010, Photographer Captures Horrific Effects Of Climate Change In One Heartbreaking Photo,"There are many who want to claim that Climate Change is a hoax. They are usually the people spending an insane amount of money to pretend that fossil fuels have no impact on our environment, the politicians receiving the money, as well as the people who are easily convinced by this paid trickery campaign.Then there are those who are grounded in the reality that Climate Change not only exists, but it is one of   if not the most   existential threats to not only the world, but humankind.We ve seen photos of receding ice and polar bears stuck on icebergs, but the reality of Climate Change has never been so real as when you look at what it is actually doing to the wildlife in the Arctic.Photographer Sebastian Copeland captured an image that is as important to see as it is heartbreaking to witness. Here, you ll see a young polar bear who literally starved to death, because according to Copeland, it just didn t have the food it needed to survive due to retreating ice. Thus, the food the bears need, which is necessary for survival, is in short supply and/or difficult to find.Photo by Sebastian Copeland via Huffington PostCopeland s latest book explains: For the state of the ice in general, we re headed into uncharted territory. There s no doubt about it The faster retreat of the sea ice, a bear s favoured spot for seal hunting, leads to longer fasting periods and the demise of more animals from starvation. And the more we ignore the fact that Climate Change exists, the more pictures like this are going to be appearing, because the threat is becoming worse and worse as the years go on.It s not only important that we elect people into office that recognize the impact of Climate Change, but it is imperative to our existence on this planet. We can t stand idly by while our world dies around us, because sooner or later, we re gonna be next.Featured image: Wikimedia Commons",0
8011, Donald Trump Attacks Pope’s ‘Disgraceful’ Criticism About His Border Wall,"Donald Trump infuriates even the most compassionate and holy amongst us   like the Pope, for example. When Pope Francis was asked on Thursday how he felt about the Republican front runner, it took every ounce of the religious leader s strength not to erupt.While Francis was in Mexico, a reporter questioned the Pope about Trump s potential for president. Francis brilliantly slammed the racist GOPer, saying that A person who thinks only about building walls, wherever they may be, and not building bridges, is not Christian. Francis had been referencing Trump s promise to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexican border   something that Trump has become infamous for during his campaign, along with his numerous offensive comments about immigrants.When Trump found out about what Francis said about him, he tried to shrug it off, saying, Now it s probably going to be all over the world. Who the hell cares? OK? I don t care. But he cares very much. Thin-skinned and never one to take criticism lightly, Trump fired back at the Pope while at a campaign stop in South Carolina just hours after the pontiff was praying at the border for those who died trying to come to the United States. Trump issued a press release stating that  No leader, especially a religious leader, should have the right to question another man s religion or faith,  calling Francis  comments  disgraceful.  Trump also added in a few jabs at President Barack Obama. I am proud to be a Christian and as President I will not allow Christianity to be consistently attacked and weakened, unlike what is happening now, with our current President. Unable to accept that maybe he s just a horrible guy and unequipped to be president, Trump whined that the Mexican government had soiled his reputation and turned the Pope against him so they can  continue to rip off the United States, both on trade and at the border.  Clearly in a huge amount of denial, Trump said: The Pope only heard one side of the story   he didn t see the crime, the drug trafficking and the negative economic impact the current policies have on the United States. He doesn t see how Mexican leadership is outsmarting President Obama and our leadership in every aspect of negotiation. Making a case for his offensive approach on immigration, Trump suggested that the Mexican government is  using the Pope as a pawn and they should be ashamed of themselves for doing so, especially when so many lives are involved and when illegal immigration is so rampant.  This echoes comments Trump had made last week, when he spoke against Francis  plans to pray at the border, stating that the Pope was being exploited. In an interview with Fox News, Trump said: I don t think he understands the danger of the open border that we have with Mexico. I think Mexico got him to do it because they want to keep the border just the way it is. They re making a fortune, and we re losing. In his press release, The Donald also suggested that the Pope would be sorry for ever doubting him. He said that  if and when  ISIS attacks the Vatican,  I can promise you that the Pope would have only wished and prayed that Donald Trump would have been president because this would not have happened. Keep dreaming, Donald. Featured image via Flickr / Flickr",0
8012, Worried About A Trump Presidency? This Canadian Island Will Welcome You With Open Arms (IMAGES),"Ever since Donald Trump announced he was running for president, most Americans pretty much thought it was a joke and brushed it off as Donald being Donald. However, as his poll numbers began to rise, so did people s curiosity with whether he may actually be in it to win it. And now that Trump has won New Hampshire and is still polling high nationwide the probability of a Trump presidency is actually starting to sink in among several American citizens and it is terrifying the living daylights out of them.However, don t fret! There seems to be a way out if Trump were to actually win the White House.Move to Canada!!A new website has been set up to advise people to move to the lovely Cape Breton Island.The site is called  Cape Breton If Donald Trump Wins  and it encourages Americans to move to the island if that awful circumstance were to become a reality. It says: Hi Americans! Donald Trump may become the President of your country! If that happens, and you decide to get the hell out of there, might I suggest moving to Cape Breton Island! And you can find lots of cool things there!   And lots and lots of yummy SEAFOOD!Where is Cape Breton? Not far from New England! You could be there in no time!While this site is technically a joke website set up by radio host Rob Calabrese, people are still reaching out to him in droves. It seems people are horrified at that possibility of a Trump presidency. Calabrese had no idea it would actually be this popular. He told nationalpost.com: I m in disbelief,  Calabrese said in an interview Wednesday from Sydney, the largest community in Cape Breton.  I wish everyone from Cape Breton could read them because they really make you proud of living here. You can find the FAQ page telling you it s not a joke:And it actually will lead you to the Canadian government citizen website:So, while it is a joke, you may want to still check out the possibilities anyway. The site also directs you to the real Cape Breton tour page.As they say, it s always good to have a back up plan. Featured image: Flickr/Wikimedia",0
8013, This Cruz Supporter Wins The Award For Craziest GOP Voter Of The Year (VIDEO),"Every once in a while, we are introduced to an undeniably bat sh*t crazy Republican. Linda Farley of Kentucky is one of these nut jobs.Farley, a die-hard Republican, was pulled over in West Virginia while driving her  award winning Liberty Van  because the vehicle was all lit up with illegal lights. The patriot mobile has all kinds of insane ramblings on it like  Red is the new green  and  Occupy your brain first. Yep, that really says  Amerika. It looks like she put all of her leftover lawn ornaments on the top of her van, doesn t it?I don t think she understands the meaning of  injustice. Occupy your brain first ? Ohhhhh the irony.I just can t even ..I m so confused. What happened on 9-11-2002? Now that you have seen the just how nutty she is, let s get back to her police stop.In addition to all of the bedazzled sayings on the Liberty Van, it is lit up with Christmas lights. While traveling through West Virginia, the police saw the lights and stopped her. The state, like many others, prohibit the use of blue lights on cars that are not emergency vehicles. Farley was arrested for her illegal lights and believes that her  personal liberty  is in danger because she BROKE THE LAW. She also believes her criminal behavior somehow means  that Hillary Clinton should be in prison.During an interview with InfoWars, the nutter said: If they can arrest grandmas for Christmas lights, definitely she belongs [in jail]. Yes, because that makes perfect sense.When she was asked what exactly she is doing with her super cool van, she responded: I m sick and tired by time we get a primary in Kentucky all the good ones are gone and I have to pick from the lesser of the evils. And I decided, since I m retired and I have this rolling billboard here, that I would try to help out the one that I think is not the lesser of evils. Her  lesser evil  is Senator Ted Cruz. The man who had a starring role in the government shutdown in 2013 (the one that cost Americans billions of dollars) and who was the first to say that he would block anybody President Obama nominates to replace Justice Antonin Scalia. I mean after all the best candidate for President of the United States is definitely someone who hates the government, right? Apparently, in Farley s mind he is and that is why she is  CRUZ n for the Constitution. Watch her interview with InfoWars below: Featured image via video screenshot; all other images via Libertyvan.com",0
8014, KARMA: Conservative Group’s Plan To Sabotage LGBTQ Dance Hilariously Backfires (IMAGE/VIDEO),"Thanks to a conservative group that tried to ruin an organized dance for LGBTQ teens, thousands of dollars were raised so those very teens could have the night of their lives.The Australian Same Sex Gender Diverse Formal is an annual gala hosted by Minus 18 for LGBTQ teenagers, giving them a place to feel safe and at home without the ridicule that might happen at most school dances. Minus 18 wrote on the event page: Imagine being told by your school that the clothes you feel comfortable wearing to a formal aren t considered  normal  or don t conform to a dress code. Imagine not being allowed to take a partner of the same sex, or being too afraid to attend altogether. It isn t unusual for LGBTQ teens to be bullied or banned when they try to bring a same-sex date or wear attire that doesn t satisfy strict gender norms. The Formal is a place where teens can be themselves and feel comfortable wearing whatever with whomever, without worrying that others will take issue with it. Knowing just how important LGBTQ events are, Minus 18 was also crowdfunding for any students who couldn t afford their $40 tickets to the dance.Unfortunately, some people just can t let others be. The Stop Safe Schools Coalition, a conservative group of bigots that go out of their way to ruin schools and groups that foster safe and inclusive environments for same-sex attracted, intersex, and gender diverse students, staff and families,  decided to try and ruin the gala.Using their 700+ Facebook fans, the right-wing group begged people to buy up as many tickets as possible so that LGBTQ teens wouldn t be able to. The group posted: The more tickets sold to us the more youth we protect. They are non-refundable unfortunately so if you are then unable to attend you can t get your money back or a ticket sold to someone else. Little did they know, that while these homophobes thought they were robbing tickets from LGBTQ teens, they were actually buying them FOR the teens! What The Stop Safe Schools Coalition had actually done was share Minus 18 s crowdfunding campaign   which allowed conservatives to unknowingly making donations to send needy LGBTQ students TO the dance. As one person hilariously pointed out on the Facebook page: You realize that if the conservatives do buy all the tickets, you can just allow registered people on a waiting list in for free? They re effectively subsidizing tickets for those who can t buy one. This is one time where the stupidity of conservatives actually paid off. Thanks to their ignorance, Minus 18 DOUBLED their crowdfunding goal of $15,000 for 500 tickets. Now, thanks to the hate group, $30,000 has been raised and Minus 18 is using the extra money to find a bigger venue so even more teens can come!To see how amazing and important the Same Sex Gender Diverse Formal is for LGBTQ teens, you can watch footage from last year s event below:Featured image from Minus 18",0
8015, The GOP Has Made Such A Mockery Of Elections Even Canada Gets To Poke Fun At Us (VIDEO),"Canada is just fun. Our great white neighbor to the north just shed a decade of hate and ignorance in favor of  Prime Minister Centerfold  and a slew of not just leftish but downright liberal political and social reform. In other words, Canada joined the rest of the civilized world in evolving faster than America ever could.They ve had advantages, of course. I can t quite remember exactly who it was but back in the 80s some comedy news person, possibly Stewart Pankin, said that the first words in Canada s National Anthem should be changed to  Oh, America thank God we re next to you  Yes, you can laugh. For much of its existence and in many ways still, that is true. Anything bordering something as massive and internationally strategic as the United States Of America is going to benefit greatly from a relationship that is symbiotic by nature.Still, Canada is doing OK for itself and would like to offer  34 million of the most polite people in the world  as candidates for president. Not any one individually; all of them. They say they ll do it in shifts. Canada has  run for president  before, but failed to pick up enough votes to get by the mandatory tooth-brushing guy.In this perfectly hilarious depiction of what Canada thinks, stereotypes get hit long and hard. The friendly guy in the sweater sporting the majestic eagle and the ever-noble moose is as polite as he is passively condescending. His endearing accent and inherent whiteness come through strong as he questions us about our choices and offers real-world solutions: Yes, the irony at the end would be just hilarious, wouldn t it? Trump has said that his wall will have doors. If Trump is elected president it would only be fitting for Canada to build a solid wall with no doors, because we re obviously 317 million or so .absolutely crazy people. Trump would have to pay for it by his own rules.Luckily for us there truly is no scenario where Donald Trump being President would actually be good for America. One thing is for sure, if the stars align in the manner that puts any Republican in the White House with the current class of crazies  running  our congress, I m moving to Canada. Featured image from screen capture",0
