id,title,text,label
1002, Trump Moronically Claims Entire Russia Investigation Is A Lie Because CNN Responsibly Retracted One Story,"Donald Trump went on another uncontrollable rant against the media on Tuesday morning.Days after three CNN employees resigned over a minor story about the Russia investigation that turned out to be incorrect, Trump took to Twitter to gloat about it and claimed that because this story was wrong all the other news about Russia is  fake,  too.Wow, CNN had to retract big story on  Russia,  with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 27, 2017CNN responsibly retracted a story that alleged a connection to Russia by Trump adviser Anthony Scaramucci. Scaramucci even called the move  classy  and called for  moving on.  Well, Trump didn t move on. He seized the situation as an opportunity to attack the media, with the exception being Fox News, as usual, arguing that because CNN got a story wrong that it must mean every other story in the media about Russia is wrong as well. Seriously.Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories. Ratings way down!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 27, 2017So they caught Fake News CNN cold, but what about NBC, CBS & ABC? What about the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost? They are all Fake News!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 27, 2017Trump even retweeted Fox hosts who parroted his claim that the Democrats are the ones who committed collusion.Mark Levin: The collusion is among the Democrats https://t.co/Qrca7r01BI  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) June 27, 2017Hannity: Russia allegations  boomeranging back  on Democrats https://t.co/lvdrpxpcp9  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) June 27, 2017Keep in mind that these CNN staffers actually resigned over an insignificant error. Meanwhile, Sean Hannity has been lying for weeks about the death of Seth Rich and he still has a job.Trump is apparently so desperate to stop the Russia investigation that he will do or say anything.Trump is also a hypocrite because most of what he has said since taking office is false, yet he refuses to resign.Twitter users even pointed out this hypocrisy and proceeded to mock him.Hmm, pot, kettle  President Trump s Lies, the Definitive List https://t.co/6vqAmJlTTf pic.twitter.com/Ogwy1wuXnl  Michael Vine (@mpvine) June 27, 2017Wouldn t a true fake news network not retract the story and keep the fake story going?  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) June 27, 2017Something like taping Comey or Obama s birth certificate or crowd size at the 2017 inauguration?  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) June 27, 2017The @nytimes isn t failing, Donald. Digital subscriptions up by MILLIONS. Stock near a 52 week high. Not failing at all, Donald. SOARING. pic.twitter.com/TpGXONOtK3  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) June 27, 2017You re spewing the fake news. The 1st Amendment is there, in part, so the media can explain that.Attacking ALL media is what dictators do  David Pepper (@DavidPepper) June 27, 2017Donald Trump must be truly insane if he really thinks one retracted story means he is vindicated.Featured Image: Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1003, WATCH: It Just Hit A Trump Supporter That Repealing Obamacare Will Destroy His Life,"While on the campaign trail, Donald Trump, a former reality show star, repeatedly promised to repeal Obamacare and his supporters cheered him on. Now that the GOP Senate has revealed what they came up with after having years to create a viable alternative to Obamacare, the reality is setting in. Trumpcare benefits the rich and gives absolutely nothing to lower income Americans and the middle class, but it does gift the wealthy with a nice tax break. On top of that, the CBO score released yesterday concludes that 22 million Americans will lose insurance coverage under Trump/Republicare. This move will largely affect red state residents who voted for Donald Trump.On Tuesday, a clearly emotional Trump supporter told CNN s Don Lemon that there s no way he could afford health insurance if not for Obamacare. He sure stuck it to liberals by voting for Trump though, huh? Ardent Trump supporters never thought for a moment that Trump s promise would be fulfilled. The  Lock her up!  and  Build that wall  and  Repeal Obamacare  chants were all fun and games but slowly it s dawning on them: We need insurance coverage or we could potentially die. You re a lifelong Republican, yet you and your wife are insured through Obamacare,  Lemon told Don Riscoe.  What will happen to that insurance if Obamacare is repealed? We probably won t be insured, Riscoe replied. You okay?  Lemon asked the visibly upset Trump supporter. Yes,  Riscoe replied.  We won t be insured if Obamacare goes away. We won t be able to afford premiums. Do you know what it would cost you to get insurance on an open market and could you afford that?  Lemon asked Riscoe. I know we can t afford it. It s over $1,000 a month,  Riscoe told the CNN host. It would be incredibly hard on you financially. That s what you re saying?  Lemon asked.Riscoe said,  Absolutely, we wouldn t be able to afford coverage without the Affordable Care Act. So you voted for Donald Trump even though he promised to repeal the program you rely on,  Lemon said.  Why is that? Because, Riscoe said,  I think that hopefully, they ll bring about something that will be fiscally sound that will last.  He said that he thinks that  Obamacare does have problems that do need to get fixed. I hope they ll be something in place so that we do have coverage. Watch: Riscoe is a Florida resident, and that state will be hit the hardest, according to the AARP. 450,000 of the state s residents age 50 to 64 would pay hundreds or even thousands of dollars more each year for coverage. Mr. Riscoe appears to be in that age group.It s difficult to feel sorry for this Trump supporter after he voted for a man who is doing exactly what he said he would do. Did he think that repealing Obamacare would only affect liberals?Without coverage, I could not afford to start the medical treatment that begins today, which would cost (without insurance) for a 12-week period, $95,500. And that is just for one pill per day. With insurance, the treatment will cost me nothing. 3.2 million Americans have this disease. Good luck, Mr. Riscoe. We hope he doesn t have any pre-existing conditions like most of us do.Image via screen capture. ",0
1004, Republicans Just Added What They Hated The Most About Obamacare To Their Bill,"For the years since the debate over the Affordable Care Act began, anti-government Republicans (is there another kind?) have been bitching about the individual mandate that required people to buy insurance.Now it s their turn to come up with an alternative, and while theirs will cover fewer people, their solution is to force everyone to buy it, regardless of whether they can afford the barely subsidized coverage.The addition, which was tacked onto the Republican healthcare bill on Monday, is somewhat different from the individual mandate in the Affordable Care Act, which says that there would be a penalty for people who lack coverage for more than 63 days. In the GOP bill, it s even worse. People would be barred from coverage at all for six months if they have a 63 day gap.Republicans added this provision after economists and health policy experts convinced them that it would be unsustainable to not force people to purchase insurance.Health policy experts across the political spectrum had warned that the initial Senate bill s failure to include some penalty for going uninsured could cause a  death spiral  in which people go without health insurance while healthy and only buy it when they become sick. In that scenario, insurance premiums shoot up for everyone as insurance markets become flooded with customers who disproportionately require expensive treatments.Source: NBC NewsThe main difference between this and the Affordable Care Act, though, is that the cost of premiums are going to be much higher. According to the Congressional Budget Office, 22 million Americans stand to lose their healthcare coverage if the GOP bill becomes law.By and large, Republicans want to do away with the Medicaid expansion, which allowed poorer people access to insurance, often without paying anything. Everyone who makes under $48,000 a year receives subsidies to help pay for insurance under the Affordable Care Act. Instead with Trumpcare, they want to offer those people a block grant, which would severely restrict medical spending. Instead of subsidies, there will be tax credits.Some who aren t receiving Medicaid or Medicare might see more affordable premiums, but that s only because the coverage will be so much less.Republicans have now chosen to take the most controversial portion of the Affordable Care Act and make it absolutely draconian. If you happen to be one of the 22 million who loses insurance, good luck getting it back.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1005, The Numbers Are In And Jon Ossoff Losing The Georgia Election Was Actually VERY GOOD News For Democrats,"Last Tuesday, Georgia held a special election for its Atlanta House seat, which was vacated by Tom Price, who joined the Trump administration. Price won the seat in 2016 by nearly 24 percent, but still, Democrats were hoping that it would be a referendum on the Trump administration and Democrats would pull it out. They didn t. Ossoff lost to anti-choice, anti-LGBTQ  ber-Christian businesswoman, Karen Handel. The margin, though, was a slim 3.8 percent.Narrowing that gap by more than 20 percent didn t keep liberals from hand-wringing and doling out blame. Democrats blamed Nancy Pelosi, who has very little input over congressional candidates, but was nonetheless subjected to right-wing misogynistic and anti-gay smears (Pelosi is straight but, according to right-wingers, she has  San Francisco values. )Ossoff s loss, some say, is a sign that Democrats are doomed in 2018. Democrats have bad candidates and we need a new message, say others.While it s true that Ossoff was somewhat less than inspiring (come on, not every candidate can be Barack Obama or even Bernie Sanders), Democrats  favorite hobby of self-flagellation is a bit unwarranted. The turnout numbers are in and they are one of the most encouraging numbers we ve seen in years.One of the arguments of doom and gloom include the fact that Ossoff got nearly the same vote as Hillary Clinton, which somehow must mean that absolutely nothing has changed in the 150 plus days Trump has been in office. While that statistic, in a vacuum, is quite discouraging, it s apples and oranges. Special elections tend to have very low turnouts. Democrats tend to have the lowest turnouts   partly because of voter suppression (which Georgia had in spades) and partly because we re lazy, we cynically refuse to vote for candidates who are less than perfect and we re generally disengaged.In Georgia, though, Democrats had the largest off-year election turnout in over a decade. It even broke recent mid-term records, which is pretty amazing for a special election.The records indicate that past Democratic primary voters turned out at nearly the same rate as past Republican primary voters (Primary vote history is the most readily available measure of partisanship in a state without party registration, like Georgia.)Over all, 75 percent of voters who last voted in a Democratic primary turned out in the second round of voting, compared with 76 percent of those who last voted in a Republican primary. The turnout rate among voters who have never voted in a primary was 34 percent.This might not sound like a great Democratic turnout, but it is pretty rare for the Democratic turnout rate to roughly match the Republican turnout rate, at least in a high-turnout election. Certainly, that s been true in Georgia s Sixth: In 2014, Republican primary voters turned out at an eight-point higher rate than Democratic primary voters did, 77 percent to 69 percent. In the 2016 election, it was a three-point gap, 89 percent to 86 percent.Source: Washington PostThat trend isn t just in Georgia either. Percentage of Democratic turnout is rivaling Republican turnout in all the special elections.No, we have not had good luck in the special elections, but all of them have been in heavily red districts. Do you really think Paul Ryan would let Trump take one of his Congressmen if he didn t think Republicans would hold on to that seat? We were supposed to lose that election. It s Republicans who should be sweating because as the numbers prove, Democratic mobilization is working. Just wait till there s an election in a competitive district.Featured image via Joe Readle/Getty Images ",0
1006, GOP Senator Lashes Into Kellyanne Conway Over Trumpcare Lies And It Is Epic (VIDEO),"Despite how much the mainstream media and America has clearly communicated that no one is interested in what Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway has to say anymore, she unfortunately keeps finding ways to spread her alternative facts. Recently, Conway was caught lying about the American Health Care Act, the disastrous replacement to Obamacare   and even the GOP is pissed about it.According to Sen. Bill Cassidy (R-LA), Conway needs to shut up and sit down when it comes to the recently unveiled Republican health care bill. In an interview with CNN host Jim Scuitto, Cassidy trashed Conway for trying to speak for the Republican Party as a whole, and made it clear that she was merely the spokeswoman for Donald Trump, not the GOP. Scuitto asked Cassidy about Conway s recent false statements: Over the weekend, Kellyanne Conway, spokesperson and surrogate for the White House, made a remarkable claim that there aren t any Medicaid cuts in this bill. Is the GOP misleading Americans about what s actually in this bill? Cassidy s response could not have been any more fed up with Conway. Cassidy bluntly said: Kellyanne Conway is not the GOP. However, Scuitto argued that  She s a very close spokesperson for the president and speaks for the president. Cassidy just shook his head and said,  I just can t address that , signaling that yet another Republican is ashamed beyond belief over Trump and his incompetent, dishonest team.You can watch the interview below:Conway had blatantly lied about there being no Medicaid cuts in the GOP s new health care plan   there are actually substantial cuts being made to the program and they are being widely reported, particularly after the CBO has weighed in.Conway s lies yet again prove that she cannot be trusted, even after having previously banned from all reputable cable news shows. She obviously hasn t learned her lesson.Featured image via Yana Paskova / Getty Images",0
1007, Cops In Republican Senate Office Violently Assault Disabled Protesters; Reports Of Serious Injuries,"A group of disabled Americans protesting the Senate s plan to kick 22 million off of health insurance knew they faced jail if they showed up at Senator Todd Young s office   and possibly worse. Just four days ago, Mitch McConnell had a group of similar protesters forcibly removed from his office and threatened with arrest. Still, the activists did not expect cops to begin attacking them.Tragically, this is the state of America today.19 disabled ppl just held sit-in @ Senate office in Indianapolis2 were  thrown into wall & badly injured,  reports ADAPT s Teresa Torres  Jeff Stein (@JStein_Vox) June 26, 2017Torres told me security took their phones, so no video of event itself. Here are photos of the disabled activists being hospitalized after: pic.twitter.com/ASYhKD1qTF  Jeff Stein (@JStein_Vox) June 26, 2017Vox s Jeff Stein is reporting that a staged sit-in at Sen. Young s Indianapolis office to protest the Republican healthcare bill turned violent, with cops throwing at least two disabled protesters into walls. According to ADAPT s Teresa Torres, both were  badly injured  and had to be hospitalized. One protester had her knee slammed into a wall, and police threatened to arrest her before they bothered calling for medical help.Just got this text from Amber Smock, digital media contact with @NationalADAPT. No video proof but allegation is flooring: pic.twitter.com/GToS80t4Yl  Jeff Stein (@JStein_Vox) June 26, 2017More troubling still, witnesses at the scene reported that cops were confiscating phones and, in at least one instance, were observed deleting video that showed the assaults taking place.The attack on the protesters occurred just an hour or so before the Congressional Budget Office confirmed that the Senate version of the Republican healthcare bill will indeed kick 22 million people off of insurance within the next 10 years, just 1 million less than that of the House s disastrous version. The same day, Republicans announced they would be putting a stunningly cruel addition into the legislation   a rule that a person who misses one or two months of coverage the year before would be forced to lose their health insurance for 6 months as punishment before being allowed to sign up again.With the stakes that high, protesters   many of whom are disabled and depend on the life-saving benefits of Medicaid   descended on Republican offices across the country to voice their outrage. Instead of sympathy, they ve been ignored, kicked out, and in this case, assaulted. The Republican Party seems unwilling to look its victims in the eyes while they seek to destroy their lives, a lack of courage stunning even for them.As of this writing, at least one of the activists injured in the attack is still recuperating at the hospital.Spox: Activist still @ hospital. Arrests threatened; none made. ""This shouldnt be what it takes to get health care for ppl w/ disabilities""  Jeff Stein (@JStein_Vox) June 26, 2017Featured image via Twitter",0
1008, Trump Is Giddy About His Upcoming Meeting With Putin And Advisors Are Freaking Out,"For the first time since taking office, Donald Trump will be reunited with Vladimir Putin and he s very excited about it. His advisors, however, are not. They are shaking in their boots at the idea that Trump will go overboard in exuberance and potentially implicate himself, and presumably some of them, in collusion.While Trump is cutting off media access in many areas, including with a camera and audio blackout at press briefings, for the meeting with Putin, he wants the media to see it all. His advisors are pushing for something much more low-key and even for something that doesn t involve Trump at all.Trump and some others within his administration have been pressing for a full bilateral meeting. He s calling for media access and all the typical protocol associated with such sessions, even as officials within the State Department and National Security Council urge more restraint, according to a current and a former administration official.Some advisers have recommended that the president instead do either a quick, informal  pull-aside  on the sidelines of the summit, or that the U.S. and Russian delegations hold  strategic stability talks,  which typically don t involve the presidents. The officials spoke anonymously to discuss private policy discussions.Source: Associated PressTrump s goal for the meeting is particularly troubling. He wants to roll back all the Obama-era sanctions on Russia and would like to partner with them in Syria, despite the fact that Russia is on the wrong side of a rebellion against Bashar al-Assad s brutal, dictatorial regime. Assad, as you may recall, used chemical weapons against his own people.Those optics aren t what Trump s advisors are afraid of, though. They are afraid that Trump will be, well Trump. A man who has no verbal filter.There are big risks, though. Trump is known to veer off-script, creating the possibility for a high-stakes diplomatic blunder. In a brief Oval Office meeting with top Russian diplomats last month, Trump revealed highly classified information about an Islamic State group threat to airlines that was relayed to him by Israel, according to a senior administration official. The White House defended the disclosures as  wholly appropriate. In other words, it s entirely within the realm of possibility that Trump will hug Putin and thank him, in front of cameras, for all his help during the election. Remember when Trump met with the Russian ambassador and spy chief in the White House? It was about the happiest we ve ever seen him.Hard facts: last April Trump promised Russia s ambassador a  good deal.  Hacking began. Kislyak asked for an end to sanctions. Trump: *yes*. pic.twitter.com/67dzaKpLeX  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) June 19, 2017It s pretty clear that Trump can t contain his giddiness over his country crush. That s bad enough. Imagine how terrified his advisors are at the idea that Trump may one day have to testify in front of Congress or a judge. For the rest of us, though, the meeting could be the moment Trump seals his own fate.Featured image via Sean Gallup/Getty Images",0
1009, Catholic Sister Rips ‘Pro-Life’ Republicans Over Devastating Medicaid Cuts,"Republicans who call themselves  pro-life  are presenting a health care plan that would literally kill tens of thousands of people by implementing devastating cuts to Medicaid and Sister Simone Campbell, leader of the advocacy group Nuns on a Bus, is wondering how GOPers can give themselves that moniker while putting our most needy, including the elderly and children, at risk.Campbell called the Affordable Care Act a  life-saving bill  and in an op-ed for The Hill she said she wants to call their bluff on their proclaimed pro-life stance. I am outraged to see allegedly pro-life Republicans put forward a healthcare bill that will strip millions of people of their healthcare. Not only that, but this bill preys on the most vulnerable! This is antithetical to any faith,  she writes.  The House and Senate healthcare proposals are the antithesis of a pro-life stance and needs to be named as such. People will lose their lives if this bill becomes law. Then the Sister hit Republicans where it hurts: with facts. It used to be very difficult for women to find insurance coverage for pre-natal and maternity care. Under current law, maternal health (pregnancy and postpartum services) is an essential benefit, which insurers must offer without charging extra,  she continued.  This is a pro-life benefit   but the GOP is set to eliminate the essential health benefits, including maternity care, for millions of expecting mothers. Campbell noted that Trumpcare  would bring us back to a time when  maternity riders  forced women to pay more than many could afford just to bring a child into the world.  This is not pro-life. She pointed to the Republicans proposing  to cut and cap Medicaid funding for people with disabilities and those living below the poverty level in our nation  and she goes on to say that  45 percent of births in the United States are paid for by Medicaid! Campbell writes that pro-life  members of Congress are actually dismissing the needs of mothers and their newborn children. Supporting Medicaid funding is a pro-life stance,  she says. Campbell also notes that Medicaid benefits senior citizens who live in nursing homes,  including many Catholic Sisters who have served their entire lives tending to the most vulnerable. She points to Medicaid helping those with disabilities and says that  Republican efforts to cut Medicaid funding arbitrarily will jeopardize their lives and wellbeing. Taking money away from seniors, people in poverty and people with disabilities is wrong,  she writes.  Everyone has a right to live in dignity. The Sister says Republicans are only concerned with lining the pockets of the wealthiest and are doing so at the expense of Medicaid and our most vulnerable people. Indeed, the cuts to Medicaid will afford the wealthy a nice tax break while lower-income Americans die and/or suffer. If Republicans are truly pro-life,  she writes,  then they will place people, not corporate interests, at the center of their decision-making. And, when people are healthier, we all do better. She called out her  pro-life colleagues :So my pro-life colleagues: Listen up. To be pro-life requires us to care about ALL of life, not just birth or death. Mothers and their infants need medical coverage. The disabled and the elderly need the promise that they can live in dignity for their entire natural life. This means that we must not cap individual or state expenditures for Medicaid or remove services from the defined benefits. It also means that we must not block grant Medicaid to the states or institute a per capita cap.She concluded her op-ed by calling on Senators to reject Trump/Republicare and requested to  have a real conversation that doesn t include 23 million Americans losing their healthcare. Amen, Sister!Image via screen capture. ",0
1010, Ivanka Trump Just Said The Dumbest Thing Imaginable During A Fox News Interview (VIDEO),"Ivanka Trump is a lot of things to her father   someone he wants to have sex with (his words, not ours), a doting daughter he wants to bang, and she serves as one of his advisors.During an interview with Fox News, she said that in her capacity as an advisor to the President, I try to stay out of politics. I don t profess to be a political savant,  said Trump s daughter.  I instead like to focus on areas where I can add positive value, where I can contribute to the agenda. Policies around workforce development, around ensuring that barriers are removed from around the working family. Policies that enable that family to survive,  she said.  Focusing on how we can help our veterans   and how we can really deliver them the care that they so need. Focusing on issues related to the really devastating opioid problem we have in this country. I m more interested in being for something than against something,  she says   which is convenient because she certainly hasn t been  against  much that Trump has done.This includes his numerous attempts to ban Muslims from entering the United States, his decisions to undo workforce protections for the LGBTQ community and others nor has she stood  against  any of the bazillion other horrible things he has done.She also doesn t stand  for  much, being a person whose clothing line is made by Chinese workers slaving away in abysmal conditions for $62 a week. Investigators looking into the horrific abuses have been arrested or outright disappeared. Ivanka has yet been silent about their plight.How can Ivanka both stay out of politics and promote her father s agenda? She can t. It s that simple.Watch the interview below:Featured image via screengrab",0
1011, The Supreme Court Just Put A HUGE Stake Through The Heart Of The First Amendment,"If you read anything about the Supreme Court today, it was likely that they upheld a good portion of Donald Trump s Muslim ban. If that alone didn t show you that elections matter, a decision that s largely been flying under the radar is at least equally disturbing. In a brutal wound to the First Amendment, the court told states that they have no right to not fund churches, even if separation of church and state is in their constitutions.The case surrounded a playground in Missouri and it all seems like a no-brainer when you look at the surface. Missouri wanted to make playgrounds safer, but their state constitution prohibited state money from making church playgrounds safer. Who could possibly be against making playgrounds safer, right? Unfortunately, it s not that simple. As I mentioned, not giving taxpayer money to churches is part of Missouri s constitution. Thirty-eight states have similar conditions.Chief Justice John Roberts, who wrote the majority opinion, felt that not providing money to churches was discriminatory.Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr., writing for the majority, said the United States Constitution forbids some forms of discrimination against religious institutions. Officials in Missouri, he wrote, were not entitled to reject an application from a Lutheran church for a grant to use recycled tires to resurface a playground.Justice Sonia Sotomayor and Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg dissented. Sotomayor got to the heart of the issue in her dissenting opinion, which is that it s not just about playgrounds.To hear the Court tell it, this is a simple case about recycling tires to resurface a playground. The stakes are higher. This case is about nothing less than the relation- ship between religious institutions and the civil govern- ment that is, between church and state. The Court today profoundly changes that relationship by holding, for the first time, that the Constitution requires the government to provide public funds directly to a church. Its decision slights both our precedents and our history, and its reasoning weakens this country s longstanding commitment to a separation of church and state beneficial to both.Imagine if instead of playgrounds, this case was about pregnancy and STD prevention among teenagers. Would states be forced to fund church-based abstinence only programs at the same rate as they fund scientifically-based approaches? Are states expected to fund discrimination against LGBTQ people?The fact is that churches pay no taxes, in part because of separation of church and state and in part to leave them alone to do the charity work they do. They are already taxpayer funded, just by the mere fact that they don t pay taxes.Featured image via Eric Thayer/Getty Images",0
1012," Trump’s Healthcare Bill Would Force This Mom To Pay Her 3-Year-Old Son’s Entire $231,000 Medical Bill","If you want to know just how bad Donald Trump s healthcare bill would be for this country, just ask Ali Chandra.Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, Chandra was able to get health insurance for her three-year-old son, who has a pre-existing condition known as heterotaxy syndrome, a defect he was born with. Heterotaxy syndrome literally means different arrangements,  Chandra explained to CNN on Sunday. Ethan was born with nine heart defects   nine congenital heart defects. He has two left lungs, five or so spleens of dubious function, and his liver and his gallbladder are down the middle of his body along with his heart, and then his stomach is on the right side instead of the left side. Here s the video via YouTube.Any human being, especially parents, should sympathize with Chandra and what she and her family are going through.But their situation would be much worse if the Trumpcare bill passes Congress and is signed into law. The protections guaranteed by the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, would vanish. And that could mean financial ruin for Chandra and her family, and the loss of the care Ethan needs.You see, without insurance and the protections Obamacare provides, Chandra would have to pay $231,000 instead of just $500 for the medical care Ethan has received. She even posted the bill on Twitter and proceeded to explain what s at stake.It seems fitting that, with the #TrumpCare debate raging, I got this bill in the mail today from Ethan s most recent open heart surgery. pic.twitter.com/pyUE2UxbWW  Ali (@aliranger29) June 24, 2017I ll save you some math; without insurance we would owe $231,115 for 10 hours in the OR, 1 week in the CICU and 1 week on the cardiac floor. pic.twitter.com/CQ9OjOsFX8  Ali (@aliranger29) June 24, 2017He s had four of these surgeries, some more involved than others. The one before this had him in the CICU for three weeks.  Ali (@aliranger29) June 24, 2017So far, Ethan s care has gone over the $1 million mark. Trump s healthcare bill would put lifetime caps on benefits, which means insurance companies would be able to deny coverage to Ethan after reaching a fixed dollar amount. That means no healthcare for Ethan unless his family goes broke to save him.That s not only cruel, it s inhumane, especially since Republicans claim to be  pro-life. And Ethan s medical care is not done yet.We re hopeful that going forwards he ll need fewer and smaller surgeries, but this was not the last time they ll open his chest.  Ali (@aliranger29) June 24, 2017The surgeon who created what we call Ethan s  Picasso heart,  shaping 4 chambers from the 2 he was born with, is several states away.  Ali (@aliranger29) June 24, 2017We also regularly see a local cardiologist, and electrophysiologist for his pacemaker, a pediatrician, & immunology for his polysplenia.  Ali (@aliranger29) June 24, 2017He takes 5 different prescription medications multiple times a day. All of this adds up. None of this would be possible without insurance.  Ali (@aliranger29) June 24, 2017And I want you to go look at that number again. Nearly a quarter million dollars for one surgery. Reinstate lifetime caps and he s out.  Ali (@aliranger29) June 24, 2017He blew past the million dollar mark long ago; I haven t even mentioned the ER trips for sepsis workups every time his temp goes above 100.4  Ali (@aliranger29) June 24, 2017Or the surprise admissions that sometimes follow those ER visits when his body just isn t strong enough to fight a common virus at home.  Ali (@aliranger29) June 24, 2017Donald Trump and the Republican Party should be fighting to save this boy s life, not trying to kill him by taking away his healthcare.Furthermore, the astronomical price of Ethan s healthcare is morally wrong considering what similar medical care costs in other developed nations, especially those with socialized systems. According to Twitter users who commented on Chandra s post, Ethan s medical bills in nations such as Sweden and England would be far less.In Sweden max $130/year for healthcare and another $260/year for meds. My breast cancer costed me about $700 incl hysterektomi op  Annika Dahlberg (@LoveMyLotus) June 24, 2017NHS has huge problems but it does work. I have three 1st hand examples of how serious, prolonged, excellent care costs ZERO.  Richard Ingham Evans (@Ringham7) June 24, 2017Indeed, in 2015, a British couple unexpectedly had to have their baby delivered in an American hospital and end up being slapped with a $200,000 medical bill for something that would have been free at a National Health Service hospital or only $15,000 at a private facility in the UK.So whether provided by the government or by private hospitals, healthcare is far less expensive in other nations and is provided to all.That s what we need in America. Instead, Republicans are working on stripping healthcare away from millions of people.But Chandra is determined to fight for her son s life even if Republicans wont.A lifetime cap on benefits is the same as saying,  Sorry, you re not worth keeping alive anymore. You re just too expensive.  Ali (@aliranger29) June 24, 2017Look my son in the eyes and tell him that he s fought so hard to be here but sorry, you re just not worth it anymore. I dare you. pic.twitter.com/IgdQOounyB  Ali (@aliranger29) June 24, 2017Featured Image: Screenshot",0
1013," Trump’s Muslim Ban Gets The OK – At Least, Part Of It","There s been development with Trump s Muslim ban and it s not good.On Monday, the Supreme Court not only decided to hear the Trump Administration s challenge against the ruling that blocked his Muslim ban executive order but will allow enforcement of parts of the Muslim ban while the case moves forward.According to The Guardian, the court said the ban on visitors from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen could be enforced as long as those people lack a  credible claim of a bona fide relationship with a person or entity in the United States. So refugees that don t already have ties in the U.S. (that will be a majority of the refugees) won t be able to come into the U.S. Because of the few, many are punished.Trump has championed this ban far and wide, instilling Islamphobia left and right. He believes that by restricting travel from six predominantly Muslim countries, it will protect the U.S. from terrorist attacks.Because, you know, we are perfectly safe and never have any sort of violence going on by our own citizens. Nope. Perfectly, 100% safe and serene and we need to keep it that way.CNBC reminds us that critics and some federal court rulings have argued that it targets immigrants based on religion, after Trump called for a  total and complete shutdown  of Muslims entering the U.S. as a candidate.Yes, that is exactly what it s doing. It s painting all Muslims are  evil  and  dangerous.  It s awful and disgusting. For the record, more Americans are killed by their furniture than  Islamic terrorists. To heat things up further, three justices   including Trump appointee Neil Gorsuch   said they would have let the executive order go into effect in full.With that in mind, who knows what the outcome of the Muslim ban hearing will be. We will find out soon, however, as the hearing will take place in the fall.Featured image via Creative Touch Imaging Ltd./NurPhoto via Getty Images",0
1014, Trump EXPLODES In Morning Meltdown Accusing President Obama Of Treason,"Donald Trump threw another temper tantrum on Twitter as the investigation closes in on him.You know that the investigation must be getting closer to nailing Trump to the wall by how he is acting right now.Over the last few days, Trump has been trying to blame his crimes on President Obama and Hillary Clinton while simultaneously insisting that no crimes were committed. Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI, and still hasn t? It s all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 22, 2017Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling, why no action? Focus on them, not T!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 24, 2017Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 25, 2017It has been a hilarious circular firing squad that Trump can t seem to stop stepping in the middle of, which is exactly the reason why top law firms in this nation want nothing to do with him.And on Tuesday morning, Trump threw another hissy fit and accused President Obama of colluding with Russia.You heard that right. Trump just accused President Obama of committing treason against the United States and then he claimed that no collusion exists. Trump then demanded an apology.The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 26, 2017 and did not want to  rock the boat.  He didn t  choke,  he colluded or obstructed, and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 26, 2017The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months looking at Russia  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 26, 2017..under a magnifying glass, they have zero  tapes  of T people colluding. There is no collusion & no obstruction. I should be given apology!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 26, 2017These are the rantings and ravings of a desperate man who knows that his time as president and a free man is running out. The reason why President Obama could not act at the time is because Trump was claiming that the election was rigged. Any move Obama made to stop Russia would have drawn cries of election rigging by Trump, especially had he lost due to Russia being stopped. Also, the extent of the meddling was still under investigation and Obama still retaliated by slapping sanctions against Russia prior to leaving office, the very same sanctions Trump is trying to remove.By accusing President Obama of treason, Trump has crossed yet another line, demonstrating once and for all that he is unfit to hold office and should be impeached.Featured Image: David Becker/Getty Images",0
1015," Supreme Court Smacks Down Religious Nuts, Makes Them Put Same-Sex Parents’ Names On Birth Certificates","Ever since same-sex marriage became the law of the land, Bible Belt states have been pushing back on it. Of course, we all remember the Kim Davis fiasco, where the Rowan County, Kentucky County Clerk went to jail rather than issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples. Now, we have something similar happening in Arkansas, where the state was refusing to put the names of same-sex parents on their children s birth certificates. However, the Supreme Court handed down a decision forcing the state of Arkansas to treat same-sex couples just like they treat opposite-sex couples.The decision that was handed down was 6-3, with Justices Clarence Thomas, Samuel Alito, and Neil Gorsuch dissenting. This comes as no surprise, since those are the three most conservative justices on the court. Further, it gives us just a taste of what we are in for with Trump s new justice, and it isn t good. The case reached the highest court in the land as the result of two women who filed a suit against the state when they insisted that it was not a right to have both parents listed on their infant s certificate of birth. First, the Arkansas Supreme Court ruled in favor of the state, so the case went to the Supreme Court, where it was struck down.Luckily, this is a 6-3 ruling, so it s not on a razor s edge, like some rulings in favor of equality have been   including Obergefell v. Hodges, the case that legalized marriage equality nationwide. With talk of the potential retirement of Justice Anthony Kennedy, who is usually the swing vote on the Court, there could be a lot of anti-equality rulings if Trump puts another right-wing asshole up for consideration. The last great hope is that the Democrats are able to take the Senate back in 2018, and Justice Kennedy will wait until then to retire. For now, we can be happy that the Court did the right thing in this case.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1016, Here Is A Comprehensive And Up To Date List Of All The Allies Trump Has Offended,"Donald Trump rode into the presidency with all the political savvy, intellectual curiosity and diplomatic skills of a bully who s about to repeat the 5th grade. For many of his supporters, many of whom presumably were bullies who had to repeat 5th grade, that s exactly his appeal. So why should it surprise anyone that Trump has managed to offend ally after ally while in office? That s what he was elected to do.Still, nothing in Trump s first 156 (and counting) days in office seems intentional. On some level, he seems to want to be a diplomat, if for no other reason than to have a legacy, but every single time he tries, he falls flat on his corpulent face.Just last week, for example, Trump sent his son-in-law, Jared Kushner to try to negotiate peace between Israel and Palestine. It went about as well as you d imagine. Kushner, who is Orthodox Jewish ad a family friend of Israel s Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, met with Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas, and according to Palestinians, came armed only with a list of Israeli demands.Of course, Palestine was far from the first diplomatic blunder of the Trump administration. Here s a list of all the countries, most of whom are allies, that Trump has offended:Mexico almost didn t make this list because, well, Trump ran on a campaign of hatred for all things Mexican (except for the cheap labor that makes his cheap ties and suits). His first campaign promise was to build a wall along the Mexican border, but a feud between Trump and Mexico s President Enrique Pe a Nieto has turned into somewhat of a regular fixture in the Twitterspere.One of Trump s very first moves in office included a phone call to Australia s Prime Minister, Malcolm Turnbull. After a heated discussion about Syrian refugees, Trump hung up on the world leader.Trump s entire schtick is about creating fear in the hearts and minds of his voters, so much so that he has been known to make up events just to convince people the world is a scary place. In February, he made up a terror attack in Sweden during a rally in Florida (yes, the man who won the Electoral College in November and who has innumerable better things to do is still holding campaign style rallies throughout the country). You look at what s happening in Germany. You look at what s happening last night in Sweden. Sweden! Who would believe this? Sweden! They took in large numbers, they re having problems like they never thought possibleNothing had happened the night before in Sweden.Donald Trump has a complicated relationship with smart, powerful women   especially if they aren t leggy, blonde and share his DNA. His relationship with Germany s chancellor, Angela Merkel began badly in March, when Trump famously refused to shake her hand. That was only the beginning. Read on for more.In April, Trump hosted the Chinese President Xi Jinping for dinner at Trump s Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida. While the men were enjoying  the most beautiful piece of chocolate cake that you ve ever seen,  Trump revealed that he was lobbing missiles at Iraq Syria. While this wasn t really an insult, it did show President Xi that Trump couldn t be trusted to keep secrets. Before that, though, Trump often referred to China as a  currently manipulator  After he took office, Trump accepted a congratulatory call from Taiwan. This was a clear violation of U.S. foreign policy, Taiwan as part of China.If there is a single ally that nearly every Trump supporter can get behind, it s Israel. While Trump s relationship with Israel is not too bad, at least compared to much of the world, one of perhaps his biggest international blunders came when he traded Israeli secrets with Russians. Oh, and there was also the time Trump told Israelis, while in Israel, that he  just got back from the Middle East.  Israel, of course, is in the Middle East.Trump shoved the Prime Minister so he could get to the front of a photo op.Not satisfied with offending just one country at a time, Trump took on all the European allies by calling them NATO deadbeats. He singled out Germany by calling them  bad, very bad,  because Americans love to buy their cars. He insulted Europe in general by telling them that it s too hard to build golf courses there.For Trump, offending our neighbor to the south isn t enough. He s had a long-running feud with Canada s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who is Trump s political superior in nearly every way imaginable. In May, Trump referred to Trudeau as  Justin from Canada. Trump refers to Trudeau as  Justin from Canada  https://t.co/JGJDhvy6ZK pic.twitter.com/oDnGOpVwaV  The Hill (@thehill) May 28, 2017Trump has also managed to offend one of our oldest allies, England. Well, not England as a whole   its capital, London. Trump has been irrationally critical of London Mayor Sadiq Khan s handling of terror attacks in London. Khan responded by asking that Trump s upcoming state visit be cancelled.Donald Trump s retreat from the Paris Climate Accord was perhaps his most offensive diplomatic move to date. There are only two countries that did not sign on to the agreement: Syria and Nicaragua. The First because they are in the middle of a civil war and the second because the agreement doesn t go far enough. Trump did it to appease his climate denier base. The world will be a dirtier place because of it.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
1017, Republican Compares Preexisting Conditions To Car Accidents: ‘You Should Pay More’,"On Sunday, Republican Senator Ron Johnson was vocal about punishing people with pre-existing conditions. He suggested that they deserved to have higher premiums because having a preexisting condition is like getting into a car accident.While discussing the Republican health care bill with Meet the Press host Chuck Todd, Johnson thinks that he knows the answer to why insurance companies are abandoning certain markets, but that  nobody wants to talk about it. The Republican from Wisconsin suggested the reason was the Obamacare rules that protected Americans from preexisting conditions, rather than market instability creating by Republicans. We know why those premiums doubled. We ve done something with our health care system that you would never think about doing, for example, with auto insurance, where you would require auto insurance companies to sell a policy to somebody after they crash their car. States that have  guarantees for preexisting conditions, it crashes their markets,  he continued.  It causes the markets to collapse. It causes premiums to skyrocket. Ron Johnson believes that if we treated people more like machines and less like living, breathing beings, the insurance markets would be a lot better off. Now that s disgusting.Watch the video from Meet the Press here:Featured Image Via Screen Capture",0
1018, Eric Trump Unveils New Haircut In The Style Made Famous By Alt-Right Neo-Nazis (PHOTO),"Eric Trump has a new haircut and that haircut looks to be an outrageously offensive political statement.Moving away from the slicked back caricature of a Wall Street sleazeball, Eric landed on a hairstyle that is, at this moment, mostly popular with a collection of up-and-coming neo-Nazis. As the Washington Post described it last year in a article titled  Does this haircut make me look like a Nazi? , the style looks as follows:It is short on the sides and long on the top. It is clean and tidy, with a military sheen. It s been popular among young people for several years. But now this haircut is making us ask ourselves, with seriousness that seems unthinkable in 2016: hipster or Nazi?Thanks to high profile Nazis like Richard Spencer, the answer in 2017 is: Nazi.The look, once popular with hipsters, is now decidedly one meant to symbolize an alt-right ideology. In fact, the cut was co-opted by Nazis because it had connections to Hitler. The style was a modern take on one made popular by the Hitler Youth in Nazi Germany. You re probably familiar with it:(Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)Now, it s obvious that not everyone with that particular haircut is associated with white supremacy. It s a haircut. But within white supremacy circles, the haircut is used to signal to other members that the wearer is part of the  team.  In the same way a particular piece of clothing or hand gesture can identify you as a member of a group, the haircut has become the calling card of many prominent neo-Nazis.Here s Spencer today still with the haircut along with his buddy wearing a slightly shorter variation of the same haircut:Nathan Damigo! pic.twitter.com/YNr4X8YFD4  Richard ? Spencer (@RichardBSpencer) June 25, 2017And now Eric Trump has it, too:Eric Trump has a fascist haircut.This cannot possibly be unintentional. pic.twitter.com/9mqUbwENqQ  Ali Gharib (@Ali_Gharib) June 25, 2017Is it intentional? You d be forgiven for thinking so. Eric and his brother Donald Jr. s behaviors since the election are only fueling the controversy. Since their father s win, the family has been growing increasingly close with the alt-right, a group that breeds neo-Nazis. Donald Jr, in particular, has globbed onto the group, retweeting articles and figureheads of the alt-right movement. Now Eric is styling himself, physically, after them.That s a lot of smoke and the question we need to ask ourselves now is,  Where s the fire? Featured image via Fox News",0
1019," Trump Confirms He Thinks GOP Healthcare Bill Is ‘Mean,’ Accuses Obama Of Stealing The Term (VIDEO)","Trump got into a bizarre pissing match with former President Obama during his interview with Fox News. For reasons known only to him, Trump decided to admit that he does, in fact, think the Republican healthcare bill meant to repeal Obamacare is  mean  and accused Obama of  using his term.Obama ""actually used my term, MEAN. That was my term."" Trump, on Fox, confirming he called House health care bill ""mean"" in private mtg  Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) June 25, 2017This is a pretty stunning admission coming from the guy who celebrates the passage of the  mean  bill by a highly-publicized Rose Garden ceremony and speech.Just to remind ourselves, here was Trump just weeks ago when Republicans in Congress rammed through the AHCA without support of Democrats, the Congressional Budget Office, or the American people. Notice his giant grin:(Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images)Former President Obama recently joined millions of Americans in condemning the bill, along with its equally vicious counterpart in the Senate, which seems to have bugged Trump. It s long been noted that Obama s popularity and reputation infuriate Trump who has neither   and knows it. Watching Obama label the bill  mean  was apparently enough to get Trump into full-on jealousy mode. Even though it makes him look like a monster, Trump needed the country to know that he came up with the word  mean  to describe his own bill faster than Obama. He wins!After his confession, Trump went on to claim he would like to see a bill  with heart  get passed. He doesn t expand on what that would look like. He also doesn t explain why he is ferociously supporting the Republican healthcare bill   which even many Republicans believe will be a complete disaster. Healthcare experts have taken it even further, arguing the Senate bill, in some ways, is even meaner than the House s version. They took a bad bill and somehow made it worse.Trump s interview on Fox was meant to be a softball lobbed over the plate so he could hit it out of the park. The conservative network, long operating as a talking point factory for Republicans, has been reduced to the role of  state media  in Trump s America. This was never going to be anything but an opportunity for Trump to promote himself and his agenda: Instead he confessed on cable television that he thinks his own healthcare bill is evil.You can t learn that kind of stupid, that s all natural.Featured image via CNN",0
1020, Trump Might Have Just Put Himself In Prison With MAJOR Mistake During Twitter Tantrum,"Donald Trump is now trying to tweet his way out of being investigated for collusion. He screwed himself over instead.Only a day after he admitted that Russia did interfere with the 2016 Election to help him win and blamed President Obama for it, Trump is now admitting that he colluded with them.If Trump were smart, he would be keeping his mouth shut, but for some reason he is convinced that he can be his own best defender. BIGLY mistake!You see, Trump apparently attempted to excuse his collusion with Russia by using the  but she did it, too  defense. It s the same kind of defense one would expect from a child who got caught doing something wrong.According to Trump, he should not be investigated or charged with committing collusion because Hillary Clinton supposedly colluded with the Democratic Party against Bernie Sanders.Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 25, 2017Frankly, it s hard to prove that Hillary Clinton did anything wrong in order to beat Bernie Sanders. After all, she won by a pretty damn large margin. She won by a huge 12 point margin. It was not even close, though Bernie Sanders  effort was admirable and did have significant impact. He did get to help write the Democratic Party platform in the end.The point is, there was no  collusion,  which means Trump s desperate attempt to excuse his collusion with a foreign nation against our own democracy is incredibly pathetic. The only thing Trump did is basically admit that he colluded with Russia. Special prosecutor Robert Mueller and his team are going to have a field day with this tweet. Now we know why major law firms refused to represent Trump. No self-respecting attorney wants a guilty client who can t shut up.At this point, Trump is his own worst enemy. He is the  leaker  he has been whining about. He has incriminates himself with his tweets and it s time for him to be impeached and put in prison where he belongs.Featured Image: Addicting Info",0
1021," In NC, It’s Not Rape If Person Revokes Consent During Sex","A Fayetteville woman has just learned that under North Carolina law a person can t be charged with rape even if the other person revokes consent during sex thanks to a decades-old law.In a Fayetteville Observer article published this week, 19-year-old Aaliyah Palmer says she was the victim of a sex crime in January. A man pulled her into the bathroom for sex, for which she was willing. When the sex turned violent, she told the man to stop. He didn t listen.Local ABC 8News shares that back in 1979, the North Carolina Supreme Court ruled a person can t be charged with rape if the partner initially consented to sex, but revoke consent after sexual intercourse begins. In State Vs. Way, the court determined  if the actual penetration is accomplished with the woman s consent, the accused is not guilty of rape, although he may be guilty of another crime because of his subsequent actions. It s really stupid,  Palmer said of the law.  If I tell you no and you kept going, that s rape. It s not just stupid   it s totally backward.Sonya Desai, client services coordinator with the Guilford County Family Justice Center says it best:  As far as no means no, it is an absolute. We believe it to be an absolute, so when someone says no to sex that means no. While you might be nodding your head at this simple concept, there are people that just can t wrap their heads around such a concept. How people can t wrap their heads around this is beyond me.To help, a bill in the North Carolina Senate s Rules Committee would change that old, ridiculous law. Under Senate Bill 553, sponsored by Sen. Jeff Jackson (D-Mecklenburg), anyone who failed to stop intercourse when a woman who had originally consented changed her mind, would be charged. This would give power back to women to say no at whatever point she is at and justice to prevail when the savage doesn t listen.At the moment, however, this proposed bill is currently stalled. The bill is stopped in the committee and Jackson added it will likely be dead for the rest of the legislative session. I wonder why that is. Congressmen probably don t find this bill important and/or probably don t care to change a law for the greater good.Despite this standstill, Jackson wants the law changed.Jackson says several women have consulted with him about having experiences similar to Palmer s. Legislators are hearing more and more about women who have been raped and are being denied justice because of this crazy loophole,  Jackson said.  North Carolina is the only state in U.S. where no doesn t mean no. Hopefully, we will make progress. It s just a shame that it s going to be a very slow process to get there.Featured image via Carol M. Highsmith/Buyenlarge/Getty Images",0
1022, ‘Piece Of Sh*t’: GOP Senator Immediately Regrets Trolling Bernie Sanders Over Trumpcare,"The Republican  healthcare  plan is a travesty and the numbers don t lie. Sen. Orrin Hatch does, though. Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) tweeted on Thursday,  Let us be clear and this is not trying to be overly dramatic: Thousands of people will die if the Republican health care bill becomes law.  Sanders is correct but he s being stingy with his numbers. Actually, tens of thousands of our country s neediest will die if Trumpcare becomes law and all because Republicans want to gift the wealthy with a tax cut.Let us be clear and this is not trying to be overly dramatic: Thousands of people will die if the Republican health care bill becomes law.  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) June 23, 2017Medicaid saves lives and that s a fact that Hatch refuses to acknowledge. The Utah Senator responded to Sanders  accurate tweet, saying,  The brief time when we were *not* accusing those we disagree with of murder was nice while it lasted. The brief time when we were *not* accusing those we disagree with of murder was nice while it lasted. https://t.co/qr1rzon1cg  Senator Hatch Office (@senorrinhatch) June 23, 2017When was that brief time, Orrin? Was it when Sarah Palin called Obamacare the  death panels  then when the Affordable Care Act became law, lives were saved. Trumpcare assures death to thousands of vulnerable Americans.Twitter users reacted swiftly to Hatch s tweet.Well you could stop trying to actively murder us while you line your pockets. Just see how that works out for public discourse.  Dennis Perkins (@DennisPerkins5) June 24, 2017it is an unavoidable fact that people are going to die if this bill passes you useless cynical octogenarian piece of shit  joe mande (@JoeMande) June 24, 2017    in this  house  we   declare   orrin hatch is a murderer      David Kaib (@DavidKaib) June 24, 2017can we accuse you of trying to bankrupt people, then? Because that is also true  Greg Olear (@gregolear) June 24, 2017Have you guys considered not trying to pass laws that will kill people?  Parker Molloy (@ParkerMolloy) June 24, 2017hey man. fellow verified account here. i can cuss at you without being banned so here goes: you are a crap person, mister!  Virgil Texas (@virgiltexas) June 24, 2017But if thousands will die as a result, what do you call it, Senator? ""A good tax cut?""  HarleyPeyton (@HarleyPeyton) June 24, 2017Death panels, anyone?  Shannon Watts (@shannonrwatts) June 24, 2017Stop trying to kill people then dickhead  dan (@dannolan) June 24, 2017Stop trying to murder poor people  Steve Schreiber (@sschreiber13) June 24, 2017fuck you. im putting you in the toilet you old bitch. fuck you  jesse farrar (@BronzeHammer) June 24, 2017Vote no on the murder bill, Senator  David Greenwald (@davidegreenwald) June 24, 2017Hey quick question who came up with ""death panels""  Victoria McNally (@vqnerdballs) June 24, 2017How rude of us to point out the fact that Trumpcare will kill thousands of us and wreck countless other lives. We must mind our manners.  Lawrence Glickman (@LarryGlickman) June 24, 2017Well, we mustn't make our precious senators feel sad. That would be the greatest crime of all, apparently.  Kevin Gannon (@TheTattooedProf) June 24, 2017You're a fucking murderer dude. Make peace with it.  Prolific Jezzer ? (@leducviolet) June 24, 2017Healthcare is literally life and death. Life and death language utterly applies.  Matt Debenham (@debenham) June 24, 2017You're a repulsive liar who cares about nothing but money. Fuck you for hurting the American people, you soulless fucking monster.  beth ??? (@bourgeoisalien) June 24, 2017how can you stand being you  2ND AMENDMENT MUSLIM (@2dAmMuslim) June 24, 2017Obamacare is not perfect but Republicans insisted on a watered-down version before it passed and now we re left with a healthcare system that needs to be fixed but not eradicated. Some conservatives think that the GOP health care plan isn t cruel enough. We disagree with conservatives. This proposal to repeal Obamacare is cruel enough already. If it becomes law, it will destroy families, financially and emotionally. Sanders never mentioned the word  murder  in his tweet so we suspect that Hatch has a guilty conscience.As former Vice-President Joe Biden put it,  Slashing Medicaid hurts kids, the elderly, people with disabilities and those struggling with addiction. All for tax breaks for the wealthy. Hatch already knows this. The opioid crisis is sweeping across the U.S. and Republicans want to target a program which would help some drug addicts eventually become useful citizens in this country. By the way, the Senator s state ranks 4th in overdose deaths.Photo by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images.",0
1023, Trump Demands FBI Investigate Obama Over Russian Election Meddling And Gets WRECKED (TWEETS),"Donald Trump must be squirming in his tightie-whities as the investigation into his administration s collusion with Russia heats up because he just tweeted one of the absolute dumbest things he has said in quite a while   that the investigation should shift to President Obama because his administration uncovered Vladimir Putin s verified plot (complete with direct instructions) to install Trump in the Oval Office. Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling, why no action?  Trump tweeted on Saturday.  Focus on them, not T! Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling, why no action? Focus on them, not T!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 24, 2017Then, he insinuated that Russia was actually trying to install Hillary in office:Obama Administration official said they ""choked"" when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didn't want to hurt Hillary?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 24, 2017It is true that the Obama administration was completely aware of what was going on. That s why the President expelled numerous suspected Russian spies who were aiding the operation from within our borders, considered harsh sanctions, and set up  the digital equivalent of bombs that could be detonated if the US found itself in an escalating exchange with Moscow  that would cripple Russia s economy. Unfortunately, President Obama left it up to Trump to push the button and he s only just getting around to admitting that Russia   not  someone sitting on their bed weighing 400 pounds  was behind the interference in our election.Naturally, the fine folks on Twitter came to the rescue, attempting to save Trump from somehow growing a third foot for the express purpose of shoving it in his mouth with the other two by correcting him and mocking him in an effort to cause him to feel shame for the first time in his miserable life:Donald was informed of the Russian attack during his campaign and did nothing but ride the wave into the White House.#NiceTryTrump  val broeksmit (@BikiniRobotArmy) June 24, 2017You re an idiot.  Parker Molloy (@ParkerMolloy) June 24, 2017Stop gaslighting us. You have been calling this a hoax for six months. Now it is something real that you blame on Obama???  Adam Best (@adamcbest) June 24, 2017On his way out, Obama made sure he was rough on Russia. Trump is trying to undo how Obama admin penalized them. Why is  T  so soft on Putin? pic.twitter.com/8CvANdbwVF  Adam Best (@adamcbest) June 24, 2017pic.twitter.com/CcCL4Wl7Dx   B TY (@SHABOOTY) June 24, 2017You have dismissed this serious attack on our sovereignty until now, when you feel you can get score points against Obama. It s outrageous.  Justin Hendrix (@justinhendrix) June 24, 2017You re too fucking stupid to exist.  BenDavid Grabinski (@bdgrabinski) June 24, 2017You said it was all  FAKE NEWS  invented by Democrats to excuse losing the election. Suddenly you re admitting Russian interference. Sad!  Charles Johnson (@Green_Footballs) June 24, 2017The Russian meddling that you said was a  lying media /Clinton hoax you now say is a real, dangerous thing that was Obama s fault. Okeydoke.  Dan Murphy (@bungdan) June 24, 2017Wait, I m confused. Are we mad at Democrats for inventing hoax interference, or Obama for not responding forcefully to real interference? ?  Derek Johnson (@derekjGZ) June 24, 2017So it s Obama s fault for not stopping you sooner. Okay, got it. Makes sense.  Tom Bonier (@tbonier) June 24, 2017 Focus on them, not T!  pic.twitter.com/6bP1WVrAHe  Zaki Hasan (@zakiscorner) June 24, 2017BITCH   YOU ASKED RUSSIA TO HACK IN FUCKING JULY !! https://t.co/4nFlDQBhtg  ZZ TOD (@totally_tod) June 24, 2017Do not lie! President Obama in December 2016 ordered the development of cyber weapons against Putin s hackers!      (@ElvisMikle) June 24, 2017I m more amazed everyday by how insane you are  ray mckenzie (@raymack1999) June 24, 2017Again: The Russia thing can be  Fake News  or  Obama s fault,  but not both. You ve found yourself between Barack and a hard place.  Melinda Gordon Blum (@MelindaGBlum) June 24, 2017Trump s ability to both call the Russian election meddling a  hoax  while simultaneously blaming Obama for it is almost impressive.It s high time Republicans grow some patriotism and impeach him already.Featured image via screengrab",0
1024," Trump Camp Spends $200,000 To Trend Pro-AHCA Message On Twitter, Anti-AHCA One Goes Viral Instead","A conservative organization whose sole purpose is to spend money helping promote Trump s talking points just wasted $200,000 in a single day.The PAC  America First Policies  recently announced that they would be publicly attacking Republican Senator Dean Heller after he announced he would not be supporting the GOP s bill to strip healthcare away from tens of millions of people, including many of his constituents. (The senate bill carries a slightly different name than the House version:  Better Care Reconciliation Act . It s almost identical only slightly  meaner  than the original.) He s one of only a few Republican senators to stand up to the bill, and it made him the target of Trump s ire.In response, America First Policies paid Twitter to put their hashtag  #HellerVoteYes  onto the social media platform s  trending  section. Presumably they figured the exposure would increase pressure on Heller to change his vote and fall in line with the other GOP senators. It backfired spectacularly.First, almost immediately the  #HellerVoteYes  hashtag was taken over by people hopping in to call out the GOP for supporting the atrocious healthcare bill. Many users demanded Republicans work to help Obamacare survive rather than strip away healthcare from people. Conservatives who support the Republican healthcare bill were either too ashamed to jump in or were nonexistent to begin with.Shortly after the trending hashtag was derailed, a new hashtag went viral: #HellerVoteNo. Supported by celebrities and average Americans alike, the new hashtag has become a rallying cry to encourage all Republicans, not just Heller, to drop their support of the bill. As of this writing it is receiving at least twice the number of tweets as the original one and is placed directly below the promoted version.Making matters worse, on mobile devices, the #HellerVoteYes hashtag was directly below a trending story about a small boy with a major heart defect who will lose his health insurance if Republicans pass their legislation. (You can find that heartbreaking story here.)America First Policies spent a massive amount of money on this campaign. According to digital marketing blog Penna Powers, the cost to trend a hashtag for a single day comes with a $200,000 price tag. As of this writing, it s unclear if America First Policies had purchased a single 24 hours or if they plan on wasting more money in the days to come. According to a recent Politico article featuring America First Policies, the PAC is estimated to have around a million dollars in cash The barrage, which will be orchestrated by America First Policies, a group run by many of President Donald Trump s top campaign advisers, is backed by more than a million dollars, according to multiple sources familiar with the planning. Digital ads are set to begin running on Friday, and television and radio spots are set to launch early next week. so they just blew a fifth of their entire budget on this scheme which blew up in their faces.Nice work, Team Trump! Keep it coming!Featured image via Olivier Douliery   Pool/Getty Images",0
1025, Republican Stuns In Brutally Honest Reaction To Americans Dying Under Trumpcare (VIDEO),"With the unveiling of the Senate Republicans  disastrous new health care proposal, it s never been more clear that Trumpcare is going to cost tens of thousands of Americans their lives.This health care proposal, which is supposed to replace Obamacare, has been trashed by medical professionals all over the country. There are even several Republicans who are standing firmly against such an inhumane piece of legislation, and on Saturday New York GOP Rep. Tom Reed strengthened the fight against Trumpcare by demonstrating the exact kind of heartlessness that stands behind the proposal.In an interview with MSNBC s Joy Reid, Reed blatantly admitted that the fact that 20,000 or more Americans will die under the GOP s health care plan is of no concern to him. Reed stated that as long as the bill saves money, Americans in need of life-saving health care can go to hell.Here s a clip of the interview, in which Reid points out that by supporting Trumpcare, the GOP Rep. is encouraging tax cuts over actually helping the American people.Joy Reid cites @amprog stats that show thousands will die under GOP health plan   and this Republican representative seems unmoved pic.twitter.com/ecq3hWsE2E  Sean Colarossi (@SeanColarossi) June 24, 2017Reid reminded the GOP congressman that this health plan will kill approximately 27,700 people   and Reed didn t give a sh*t. His unmoved response was: What I m saying is we need to make the program sustainable, and what you have to do is change the way we do Medicaid   not expand the service. Reid couldn t believe her ears. Shocked by her guest s honesty, she fired back that the GOP should just confess that they aren t even trying to improving Medicaid   they just want to get rid of its funding. You can watch her tear into Reed below:Joy Reid to GOP rep: You don t care about reforming Medicaid, you just want to drain it of its taxpayer funding pic.twitter.com/OZnZHBe5e9  Sean Colarossi (@SeanColarossi) June 24, 2017Reid said: The plain fact here is that this is not about Medicaid reform. You, sir, believe that Medicaid should just receive less money and that it shouldn t be getting its money   from taxpayers. What Rep. Reed did here was expose the true values of the GOP. American lives are at risk, and the Republican Party could care less. Every American needs to remember this moment in 2018.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
1026, Jill Stein Inexplicably Blames The Democrats For Her Meeting With Putin (VIDEO),"On Saturday, Green Party candidate Jill Stein tried to explain why she met with Russian President Vladimir Putin before the election. When asked about the meeting by CNN host Michael Smerconish, she used the most logical defense: blame Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. Because, of course. Take me inside the dinner you had with Vladimir Putin in 2015 and the prominence it afforded you,  Smerconish said to Stein.  My question is was that in and of itself a form of meddling along the lines of  let me give some attention to green party candidate Jill Stein    you know the theory   any vote for Stein that otherwise would have gone to Hillary. What was that dinner about? Let s be clear, that was a conference,  Stein replied.  That picture didn t start to circulate until long after the election. It essentially wasn t covered here in the U.S. there was media at that conference, and it was a day-long conference where my message was very clear. It was the message of my campaign. which is that we need a peace offensive in the Middle East. Now, this was a message that was particularly friendly to the Russians. It was saying to them that we need to stop the bombing, they had just begun bombing in Syria. I would have loved for that message to have gotten out but there s basically zero coverage,  she continued.  It s now circulating. It s funny, Michael, you have to ask why is that picture kicking up a storm right now? I think it s very related to the fact that the Democrats are looking for someone to blame. Naturally. No big deal that she was buddying up to Putin while he was hacking the Democrats and meddling in our election to get Trump into the White House. Nothing to see here folks. Nothing at all.You can watch Stein blame the Democrats for her Russian rendezvous below: Featured image via video screen capture",0
1027, Donald Trump Jr. Throws Massive Hissy Fit Over Johnny Depp’s Bad Joke,"Donald Trump Jr. is so furious over Johnny Depp s bad assassination joked that he wants Disney to fire the actor.Speaking in England on Thursday, Depp made a joke about actors assassinating presidents. When was the last time an actor assassinated a president? I want to clarify,  he continued,  I m not an actor. I lie for a living. However, it s been awhile, and maybe it s time. By the way, this is going to be in the press and it ll be horrible,  Depp acknowledged.  It s just a question; I m not insinuating anything. Well, the Pirates of the Caribbean star was right about the last part. His comments did end up  in the press  and it was  horrible.  Depp quickly realized that this bad joke was a mistake and apologized just hours later. I apologize for the bad joke I attempted last night in poor taste about President Trump,  he said in a statement to PEOPLE magazine.  It did not come out as intended, and I intended no malice. I was only trying to amuse, not to harm anyone. To be clear, no, jokes like this are not acceptable, especially in today s tense political climate. But Donald Trump Jr. is absolutely beside himself over Depp s remarks and so he did what all Trumps do: he threw a temper tantrum all over Twitter. Junior s goal? To make sure Depp never works for Disney again.I d think it would be hard for @Disney to keep him, let s see: #FireDepp Goes VIRAL after  Trump Assassination  Joke https://t.co/CXOzVl6r6t  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) June 24, 2017Donnie s hashtag was a flop and never did go viral like he had hoped and nobody else seems to really give a damn about getting Depp fired from Disney because he made a bad joke about assassinating Trump.For some unknown reason, Trump s eldest son also decided to drag Senator Dianne Feinstein into the fun. Because, why not.But I bet she s a YUGE Johnny Depp fan. https://t.co/ErKr0QyAtd  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) June 24, 2017It is worth noting, just one more time, that for eight years every right-wing nutjob in the country called for President Obama to be lynched. Ted Nugent was one of the loudest voices calling for the death of the president, and not only were conservatives totally okay with that, but Trump even invited him to the White House.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
1028, Trump F*cks Himself By Admitting Russia Interfered With 2016 Election To Help Him Win,"For months, Donald Trump has denied that Russia meddled in the 2016 Election on his behalf. That changed on Friday night after his aides apparently failed to take his phone away from him again.In yet another Twitter slip-up, Trump admitted that Russia DID interfere with the election, and then he tried to blame it on President Obama.Just out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 24, 2017Keep in mind that this tweet comes after months of Trump referring to Russian meddling as  fake news  and a  hoax. He has also accused Democrats of making up an  excuse  for why Hillary Clinton lost. As it turns out, Hillary Clinton  lost  because Russian hackers messed with our democratic process.Not only did Russian hackers hit voting systems in 39 states across the country, all at the direct order of Vladimir Putin.Rather than take issue with this, Trump has been busy thanking Russia by doing things they want him to do such as not endorsing Amendment 5 of NATO, which provides common defense if a member nation is attacked by Russia. Trump is also trying to remove sanctions placed on Russia by the Obama Administration and has refused to open an investigation into Russia s cyberattack against us.But the bottom line is that Trump has finally admitted that Russia interfered with the election.Blaming Obama, however, is nothing more than Trump scapegoating in an effort to save his own ass.President Obama did slap sanctions on Russia in retaliation, but he was unable to do anything at the time because Trump was out there claiming that the election was rigged. If Obama had made a move to stop Russia, Trump would have used it as evidence to support his claim.Twitter users mercilessly mocked Trump for it.um. already knew about it; and so did you when Obama told you (as we all heard). That s what the investigation was about. Do keep up.  Dr. Craig Malkin (@DrCraigMalkin) June 24, 2017Maybe Obama admin trying to figure out why you & Kremlin were saying the same things at the same time while election hacks were occurring pic.twitter.com/HsyDcxUN09  Clint Watts (@selectedwisdom) June 24, 2017Or maybe they were trying to figure out why you would cite Russian false propaganda to mislead Americans and attack a fellow American pic.twitter.com/4Ydq6rfveK  Clint Watts (@selectedwisdom) June 24, 2017pic.twitter.com/9pUOmdVzFL  Melissa Evans (@melissacevans33) June 24, 2017The sanctions the Trump admin is trying to ease were established by Obama in DECEMBER in response to the hacking https://t.co/1PTn944Jqy  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) June 24, 2017A prison with a view of a golf course he is never allowed to play on.  Joimonki (@joimonki) June 24, 2017Russia hacking and interference is what Trump has called a  hoax  and  fake news .And tarnished + undermined our own Intelligence agencies pic.twitter.com/Y4bu3sNBQp  DCResisterBee? (@DC_Resister_Bee) June 24, 2017Trump insulted the US Intelligence Community   which protects our nation   falsely accusing of  leaks  and comparing to Nazis and Russia. pic.twitter.com/8q5EWkOAwO  DCResisterBee? (@DC_Resister_Bee) June 24, 2017Trump co-opting both narratives:  hoax  &  Obama s fault . Because. Diabolic narcissists gaslight American citizens.  Sarah Smith (@SarahLSmith677) June 24, 2017You realize you are admitting Russia put you in the White House which technically means you shouldn t be President. Why are you so dumb?  Daniel Danger Marin (@dangermarin) June 24, 2017It s not only time to oust Trump and his entire administration, it s time to hold a new presidential election. It is clear that Russia attacked our democracy to help Trump win. Therefore, Trump and his administration are totally illegitimate.Featured Image: Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
1029, Stephen Colbert Trolls Trump By Announcing Run For President – On Russian TV (VIDEO),"Is he really going to do it this time? With Stephen Colbert, it s hard to tell   but he made an appearance on Russian television and dropped a bombshell that could affect the 2020 election you know, if he s serious..@realDonaldTrump Don't worry, Mr. President. I'm in Russia. If the ""tapes"" exist, I'll bring you back a copy! pic.twitter.com/v5flvAMtFY  Stephen Colbert (@StephenAtHome) June 22, 2017 To the beautiful and friendly Russian people,  Colbert said on Russian late night show Evening Urgent, I don t understand why no members of the Trump administration can remember meeting you. I am here to announce that I am considering a run for president in 2020, and I thought it would be better to cut out the middleman and just tell the Russians myself,  Colbert continued.  If anyone would like to work on my campaign in an unofficial capacity, please just let me know. While this seems unbelievable, this wouldn t be the first time Colbert has thrown his hat into the ring. He once ran for president as his alter-ego, but the campaign ended with the primary.Americans for years have been urging Colbert to actually run for president   preferably with Jon Stewart as his running mate   and if there s one thing we have learned from the reality show host currently in the White House it s that anything is possible.Watch Colbert s announcement below:Featured image via screengrab",0
1030, Joe Biden Is BACK: SAVAGES The GOP’s Deadly ‘Healthcare’ Bill In BRUTAL Tweetstorm,"Usually, once the peaceful transfer of power is complete, the outgoing administration lays low so as not to disrupt what the new administration is doing. However, since the GOP has control of the entire federal government and most of the state level governments with the corrupt, incompetent Donald Trump at the helm, it is literally impossible for former officials of the Obama White House to keep from weighing in. This is especially true since the GOP Senators have rolled out a  healthcare bill  that is literally nothing more than a massive tax cut for rich people. The most vulnerable among us will literally die if this monstrosity of a bill becomes law. Therefore it should come as no surprise that former Vice President Joe Biden is weighing in.Taking to Twitter, Uncle Joe minced no words about what the GOP is about to unleash upon the nation:The Senate health bill isn't about health care at all it's a wealth transfer: slashes care to fund tax cuts for the wealthy & corporations.  Joe Biden (@JoeBiden) June 23, 2017Slashing Medicaid hurts kids, the elderly, people with disabilities and those struggling with addiction. All for tax breaks for the wealthy.  Joe Biden (@JoeBiden) June 23, 2017Especially now, when so many communities are struggling with opioid addiction, the bill's drastic cuts to Medicaid are cruel.  Joe Biden (@JoeBiden) June 23, 2017Let's see a bill that actually tries to improve folks' health care, and then we can have a reasonable debate about how to best do that.  Joe Biden (@JoeBiden) June 23, 2017It would be great if Paul Ryan, Mitch McConnell, and all the rest of the GOP wanted to actually help people. Make no mistake though   they don t. They don t care about people, they care about themselves, keeping power, and making sure they and their rich friends get richer   even if it means that every day Americans literally die.In fact, it is perfectly plausible that Paul Ryan thinks that the most vulnerable among us deserve to die. After all, this is the man who openly admitted to dreaming about bringing about the end of the life-saving care provided for the most vulnerable among us since he was a college kid, despite the fact that what he now calls  entitlements  are what got him through college after his father s death, as he paid for his education with the survivor s benefits. Funny how people forget where they come from, isn t it?Oh, if only Joe Biden or Hillary Clinton were president. We might actually have some compassion at the top, instead of the sociopathic monstrosities who somehow pass for human beings that we have now.Featured image via Leigh Vogel/Getty Images",0
1031, Story Of Severely Disabled Man And His Mom Shows Just How Cruel The GOP ‘Healthcare’ Bill Really Is,"By now, everyone has seen the monstrosity that is the GOP Senate s so-called healthcare bill. At its core, it really is just a huge tax cut for the rich at the expense of the healthcare of poor, elderly, sick, and disabled Americans. We have all watched how disabled members of ADAPT, a decades-old disability rights organization that is largely responsible for the modern day Americans With Disabilities Act, were dragged bodily from their wheelchairs and other medical devices from Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell s (R-KY) office, all for exercising their First Amendment rights to protest the inhumane stripping of their life-saving care.We ve been talking about the political price of all of this for years. The GOP is in power, and they are determined to do what they have been wanting to do for the last seven years, which is take the healthcare President Barack Obama gave the nation away. They want to repeal the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. However, what we haven t been talking about is the real effects of all of this on real people.Mike Phillips appeared on MSNBC s The Last Word with Lawrence O Donnell, with Ari Melber sitting in for Lawrence, on Friday night. Mike had a pre-typed statement; you see, he cannot move or speak, but he can move his fingers long enough to communicate via a computer. It takes a very long time, though, and thus his statement was pre-written. His mother, Karen, takes care of him full time. He also has a personal caregiver. Many of these services are provided through Medicaid, which the cruel GOP massive tax cut for rich people healthcare bill cuts.If this bill becomes law, Mike and those like him and others living with all kinds of disabilities will be relegated to substandard nursing homes or institutions. Mike s mother explained that there is no facility in Florida, where they live, that is equipped to deal with Mike s needs. Therefore, not only would Mike be ripped from his home and loved ones, he d have to be shipped away to some institution for people with severe disabilities in another state, where his family would either have to relocate, or he d be surrounded by strangers, completely helpless and unable to speak out if he is being neglected or mistreated.One might ask the same question, Karen, Mike s mother asks in the video you are about to watch   how could this country treat its citizens this way? How could they harm and drag people from wheelchairs for standing up for their rights? How can they take healthcare from the most vulnerable among us?I ll tell you how. It s because Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell exist and they are in charge, that s how. Paul Ryan admitted that he has been dreaming of ripping Medicaid to shreds since he was at college keggers, despite the fact that he used Social Security to get through college after his father died. He might have a pathological hatred of social programs now, but he wouldn t be where he is today without them. Mitch McConnell had polio as a child and grew up dirt poor. While he didn t get government care, he still recovered due to the kindness of strangers at a facility built by Franklin Delano Roosevelt. In other words, without help, McConnell would be poor, disabled, and likely in some kind of facility. However, thanks to this outside help. he somehow  made it,  and has spent his entire career outrunning his past as a poor kid with a disability. He s still running, as his number one mission in life is to deny the type of kind, compassionate care he received in his hour of need to those in similar situations today. These two men don t care who they hurt along the way   they just want to prove that who they are now has nothing to do with how they grew up.In other words, the two most powerful men in America are also the most dangerous to the most vulnerable Americans. They are out to prove that folks who didn t or couldn t  pull themselves up by their bootstraps,  or those who they believe are not properly contributing don t deserve to live and eat like the rest of us.Think the GOP isn t heartless? Watch the video below for your proof. Thank you, Mike and Karen, for sharing your story. Without further ado, here you are:Featured image via video screen capture",0
1032, Colossal White House Screw Up Leads To Trump Endorsing Child Labor In New Ad (VIDEO),"If there is one thing going for the American people against Trump s assault on decency, liberties, and intelligence it s that he and his team are so incompetent that they can t even do the simplest things without humiliating themselves. An obvious example of that sheer stupidity comes at us from this pro-Trump ad, which he recently proudly posted to his Facebook page.Thanks to the crack team over at the White House, a simple spelling mistake turned Trump s coal fetish into a call to relax child labor laws. In boasting about his efforts to kill clean energy and bring back coal, he promised to  put our minors back to work. The word he was looking for was  miners.  Apparently, nobody at Trump s White House noticed the typo. It s been six hours and nobody has bothered to fix it, either.This would be a funny gaffe if it weren t so depressingly common. Trump has issued statements misspelling the names and titles of foreign leaders. Trump has misspelled words as simple and varied as  Denmark  (Denmakr),  honored  (honered),  among  (amoung), and  unprecedented  (unpresidented).A White House statement bragging about Betsy DeVos spelled  education  wrong. She s the Secretary of Education.The Library of Congress gift shop had to pull a poster honoring Trump s inauguration when people noticed it, too, had an ridiculously simple typo.No joke: Purchasable copy of Trump's Inauguration Print, direct from the Library of Congress site. A 5th grader would've spotted this typo. pic.twitter.com/zomWsMojYV  Jules Winnfield (@paulm4749) February 12, 2017Meanwhile, Trump s minor/miner gaffe has another unfortunate side effect for his administration   reminding us that his good friend Newt Gingrich actually wants to repeal child labor laws. As writer Parker Molloy points out, Newt, a full-time moron who moonlights as a part-time shithead on evenings and weekends, once called child labor laws  truly stupid  and suggested poor kids be encouraged to become janitors at their schools, picking up the trash of their classmates to earn lunch money.Speaking at the John F. Kennedy school, Gingrich said that children in the poorest neighborhoods are  trapped in child laws  that prevent them from earning money. Most of these schools ought to get rid of the unionized janitors, have one master janitor and pay local students to take care of the school,  Gingrich said according to a CNN video.Trump hasn t gone that far. He s only hinted that he would prefer children work. During Obama s administration when he was eager to pretend the unemployment rate was sky high he would sometimes count children as part of his inflated unemployment figures.Instead of worrying about coal miners and school-aged minors, Trump, who was born rich and stayed that way, might want to invest in some additional schooling for himself. Basic grammar and spelling would be a good place to start.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
1033," Fox News F*cks Up, Airs Interview That Might Actually Get Trump Impeached (VIDEO)","Of all the media networks to expose Donald Trump, the last one America would expect it to be is Fox News. The conservative network is a known favorite of Trump s, and is possibly the only mainstream channel to continue perpetuating Trump s lies and groveling at his feet   but the network has just aired an interview that contains some truly incriminating information.According to legal experts, Trump put himself in jeopardy and furthered the potential for obstruction of justice when Fox host Ainsley Earhardt asked Trump about his recent admission that he did not tape his conversations with former FBI Director James Comey, even though Trump had previously suggested that he did. Of course, Trump took the bait like the idiot he is and incriminated himself without even realizing it. This was part of Trump s response when Earhardt asked him why he lied: I didn t tape and I don t have any tape and I didn t tape. But, when he found out that there may be tapes out there, whether it s governmental tapes or anything else, and who knows, I think his story may have changed. I mean, you ll have to take a look at that because then he has to tell what actually took place at the events. And my story didn t change. My story was always a straight story. My story was always the truth. But you ll have to determine for yourself whether or not his story changed. But, I did not tape. When Earhardt congratulated Trump for finding such a  smart way to make sure he stayed honest in those hearings , Trump made it even worse. He replied: Well, it wasn t very stupid, I can tell you that. According to Bloomberg, Trump s lies about the tapes could mean major legal woes for the undeserving POTUS. Bloomberg reported:The tweets targeting Comey  could be relevant  to an obstruction investigation, even if the tapes don t actually exist, said Julie O Sullivan, a former federal prosecutor who worked on the team investigating Bill and Hillary Clinton during the Whitewater inquiry. It s basically trying to tell Comey,  Don t say anything,  said O Sullivan, now a law professor at Georgetown University.Everything that Trump says now   whether it s on Twitter or in an interview   can be used against him in the Russia scandal. Trump s ego got the better of him during this interview, and Fox News unknowingly used it against him. Trump basically walked into this one, and he only has his big mouth to thank. You can watch the interview below:Featured image via Pool / Getty Images",0
1034, Joe Biden Is Downright Ruthless When Rich ‘A**hole’ Callously Disrespects His Dead Son,"Joe Biden was speaking at the SkyBridge Alternatives (SALT) Conference when one rich  a**hole  decided to disrespect the former vice president s dead son. Biden was furious and he put the heckler in his place effortlessly.Bill Ackman, manager of a failing hedge fund, was speaking at the wall street event as well. Fox Business reports that during the private VIP dinner, former Florida governor and 2016 GOP presidential contender Jeb Bush, asked Biden why didn t you run? Biden explained that part of the decision stemmed from the death of his son Beau Biden, who died of brain cancer in 2015. The room grew quiet as Biden became emotional, and said:  I m sorry I ve said enough. That s when Ackman blurted out  Why? That s never stopped you before. The formal, and understated dinner conversation suddenly turned tense, according to three people who were present and confirmed both the substance and the wording of Biden s responses.Biden, these people say, turned to someone seated near him, and asked,  who is this asshole?,  a reference to Ackman.Then he turned directly to Ackman and stated:  look, I don t know who you are, wiseass, but never disrespect the memory of my dead son!  these people say.Ackman attempted what was described as an apology, to which Biden said,  just shut the hell up. A spokesman for Ackman insisted that the idea that there was an argument or altercation between Joe Biden and Bill Ackman  is just utter nonsense. He even added that  Bill had a great time at the dinner and enjoyed spending time with the former vice president. But three different sources who witnessed the exchange say otherwise. Biden was in rare form,  said one person with direct knowledge of the heated conversation.  I can t believe it has never leaked out. There are some lines you just don t cross and this is one of them. Why Ackman thought he could get away with making this kind of remark is anybody s guess. But Biden was NOT having it and in the process, he proved that he has plenty of spunk left for a 2020 presidential run. I never thought she was a great candidate. I thought I was a great candidate, Biden said at the dinner, which raises speculation that he may decide to run for president in the next election. While Biden, who is 74, would be the oldest candidate to ever run for the White House, he certainly seems up to the task.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1035," Hillary Breaks Silence On GOP Health Care Bill, Brilliantly Shuts It Down (TWEETS)","The Senate Republicans unveiled their disastrous health care bill on Thursday, and it was immediately shot down by everyone from Republicans to Democrats to former President Barack Obama. Now, former Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has broken her silence to weigh in on the bill   and the GOP is going to HATE it.On Friday, Clinton urged her supporters to  speak out  against the Obamacare replacement plan, encouraging them to choose  people over politics.  As the Republicans  health care plan will strip tens of millions of Americans of their life-saving health coverage, her message is surely an important one.Clinton took to Twitter to take her message public. In solidarity with the words of former President Barack Obama, Clinton slammed the GOP bill: @BarackObama is right. This is a critical moment about choosing people over politics. Speak out against this bill. The Senate Republicans have been creating this bill in absolute secrecy, and it s no wonder why. This health care bill is a monstrosity and an assault on the lives of most Americans. Thanks to the GOP s proposal, cuts would be made to Medicaid and federal funding for Planned Parenthood would be prohibited, which has made even conservatives voice their concerns.Yesterday, Obama called the Senate s pathetic attempt at replacing his health care bill a massive transfer of wealth from middle-class and poor families to the richest people in America.  He also said it was  not a health care bill  at all. Clinton called the GOP out even more viciously by following up her first tweet with this: Forget death panels. If Republicans pass this bill, they re the death party. We could not have said that any better. The GOP s health care bill proves that they don t give a sh*t about the lives of Americans, and this measure must be stopped in its tracks.Featured image via Bryan Thomas / Getty Images",0
1036," Tired Of Bigotry, California Enacts Travel Ban To Trump Country","Donald Trump keeps trying and failing to enact a travel ban from many predominantly Muslim countries. California is enacting its own travel ban, but this one, unlike Trump s, will pass constitutional muster and it s to combat bigotry.The state can t tell its citizens that they can t travel to other states, but there is now a ban on state-funded and state-sponsored travel to states that discriminate against LGBTQ people. In other words, states that hate won t get California tax dollars.The ban is a reaction to past and recent legislation that would allow people to discriminate against LGBTQ people wanting to adopt and foster children among other forms of discrimination. The ban currently encompasses eight states.Kansas, Mississippi, North Carolina, and Tennessee were the original states banned by AB 1887, but (California Attorney General Xavier) Becerra added Alabama, Kentucky, South Dakota and Texas on Thursday, citing what he called new discriminatory legislation enacted against the LGBTQ community in those states.Alabama, South Dakota, and Texas all recently passed legislation that could prevent LGBT parents from adopting or fostering children and Kentucky passed a religious freedom bill that would allow students to exclude LGBTQ classmates from campus groups. While the California DOJ works to protect the rights of all our people, discriminatory laws in any part of our country send all of us several steps back,  Becerra said.  That s why when California said we would not tolerate discrimination against LGBTQ members of our community, we meant it. Source: CNNNot surprisingly, all of these are Trump states.While the recent spate of hate legislation can t be directly attributed to Donald Trump, there s no doubt he empowered it. Red states are pretty comfortable right now in the knowledge that Trump will pick anti-gay judges to uphold their bigoted agendas.While California in no way prohibits its citizens and even its employees from spending their own money in states like Texas, they don t have to encourage it.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images.",0
1037," Cameras Aren’t Allowed In White House Press Briefings, So CNN Got Creative","Cameras have been banned from White House press briefings, so CNN, and possibly other news outlets, have come up with a decidedly not 21st century solution. They are sending a sketch artist to cover the briefings.Bill Hennessy, the network s regular sketch artist for Supreme Court proceedings, headed over to the White House on Friday afternoon and drew Press Secretary Sean Spicer s afternoon briefing.He didn t have his usual easel, but he stood in the back of the briefing room to document the scene.Source: CNNTwitter had some fun (and outrage) with it:Don t make me use the Podium!!!!! pic.twitter.com/5epxTE95vu  Kate Pugh (@KATPOOH) June 23, 2017pic.twitter.com/ypiUMxBg4U  Evil MoPac (@EvilMopacATX) June 23, 2017Well, it is a crime scene.  Amber Fraley (@AmberBobamber) June 23, 2017Ha! Just like a major trial! Trump the accused, Spicer for the defense, media as witnesses and it should be we the jury  Donna McGill (@Cat_5_Cane) June 23, 2017Trump not allowing TV coverage of White House briefings is the equivalent of putting blindfolds on the American people. And it s DESPICABLE.  JimAndrews518 (@JimAndrews518) June 23, 2017This is a sick joke. Trump is not a dictator so quit acting like sheep and stand up for your freedom and rights.  Tazzy Quest (@tazzyquest) June 23, 2017Sketch artists have long been common to courtrooms, but they are a novelty for the White House, at least for the last quarter of a century. Every presidential administration for the last 25 years has allowed cameras in the press briefings, but now that the heat is on in the Russia investigation and now with an administration that lies more often than they tell the truth, news outlets have to get creative and good old analog sketch drawings it is. Hennessy isn t exclusive to CNN. There s a chance other news outlets might do the same thing.Alienating the media is perhaps one of the worst decisions in an administration full of nothing but bad decisions. The Bush administration got away with sending us into two illegal wars because they were nice to the media. Instead, the Trump administration has nothing but hostility toward the mainstream media and as a result, for the first time since cameras were allowed in press briefings, the mainstream media is doing its job. In other words, Trump can credit the media near blackout for his low approval numbers and even for the aggressive approach to the Russian investigation.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1038," Trump’s Latest Appointee Is A Climate Denier, A Racist, A Birther, A Homophobe, And An Islamophobe","There are people currently being turned down for jobs at Applebee s with better resumes than William Bradford. The obscure attorney general of the Chiricahua Apache Nation was recently catapulted to a job in the federal government when Trump announced he was appointing Bradford to run the Energy Department s Office of Indian Energy. Like many of Trump s hires, Bradford has almost zero in the way of experience at the job he was just hired for. His only tweets relating to energy are those that call climate scientists  cultists. If he wasn t hired for his experience, he certainly wasn t hired for the content of his character, either. Bradford has forceful opinions on nearly every person, race, ethnicity, and lifestyle under the sun   and all of them are bigoted.On his now deleted Twitter and Facebook accounts, Bradford documented his bigotry like a man checking boxes on the list of qualities the biggest asshole in the world might have: He is himself Jewish, but it didn t stop him from once calling Mark Zuckerberg a  self-hating Jew  for the  crime  of writing an essay opposing Trump, adding that he hoped Zuckerberg  gets what he deserves. He pushed birther conspiracies about Obama, while also promoting an even more obscure right-wing conspiracy that suggested Obama is secretly gay.As the above tweet suggests, Bradford is also big on bashing Muslims. A major obsession of his was to float theories that Obama was coordinating with Muslims in Iran to destroy America.Bradford also called Japanese internment camps in World War II  necessary,  parroting Trump s on-again, off-again relationship with creating internment camps for Muslims.For simplicity, let s go over the list. Bradford is:And now he s working, as the Washington Post put it, to help  Native Americans and Alaska Native tribes and villages obtain electricity and reduce energy costs  a job he has no experience in and no apparent desire to do. The position is final because it s a job that does not require congressional approval.In no uncertain terms, William Bradford would be unemployable in any other administration. His legacy of toxic, violent and unbalanced comments on social media would be enough to send up all kinds of alarm bells for any White House that cared, even slightly, about staffing government roles with people who could actually perform with competently. Instead, Trump is stuffing positions seemingly at a whim. He has taken to hiring the wives of his political critics to curry favor (and watching Newt Gingrich and Mitch McConnell, both of whom have spouses owing their careers to Trump, bend to his will shows how effective this has been). He has no problem hiring people who plagiarized or lied about their education. And he has no issues with a person s mental stability either.The result is nothing short of a disaster.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1039," Trump Invites Friend Who Called For Hillary To Be Shot To Hang Out, Take Seflies In White House","Days after Trump and his team cynically seized on the shooting of Republican Congressman Steve Scalise to argue Democrats were stoking violence by opposing Trump, the White House hosted an event with Al Baldasaro, a man who was investigated by the Secret Service for threatening to kill Hillary Clinton just months ago.Team Trump was so thrilled to have Baldasaro in the East Room (where former presidents typically hosted dignitaries and icons, not clowns and assholes) that some posed for selfies with him.On the left you have Al Baldasaro in the East Room today. He called for Hillary Clinton to be shot by a firing squad https://t.co/6VNHm9jmCK pic.twitter.com/4jKrsDVYKw  Yashar Ali (@yashar) June 23, 2017And here's @KellyannePolls today with Baldasaro who called for Clinton to be shot by a firing squad twice. https://t.co/6VNHm9jmCK pic.twitter.com/5A0umreNXk  Yashar Ali (@yashar) June 23, 2017Per New York Times reporters Glenn Thrush and Maggie Haberman, Baldasora was there to celebrate one of Trump s publicity bill signings in the White House.The guy who called for Hillary Clinton to be shot last year was invited to Trump's bill signing at the WH today, per pooler @maggieNYT  Glenn Thrush (@GlennThrush) June 23, 2017Almost exactly one year ago, Baldasaro was under investigation after going on a violent rant about then-candidate Hillary Clinton. Hillary Clinton should be put in the firing line and shot for treason. His words echoed Trump s own. Then-candidate Trump had stoked the idea that Hillary Clinton had committed  treason  and his followers ate it up. At one point, he encouraged  2nd Amendment  people to take care of her if she were to get elected. (He later claimed it was a joke.)Flashforward to today.The double standards are obvious. The same team that smiled and posed for pictures with Baldasaro were condemning liberal celebrities like Kathy Griffin for promoting violence against Trump just days ago. Kellyanne Conway, no stranger to blatant hypocrisy, ran to the nearest camera to condemn Democrats for Scalise s shooting by a lone gunman.You can oppose policies, but it s done with such hateful, charged rhetoric that active resistance becomes armed resistance in the case of this lone gunman. The fact that she not only tolerates but celebrates a right-winger who has called for her political opponent to be shot speaks volumes.Press Secretary (for the moment) Sean Spicer was asked why Trump thought it was okay to invite this lunatic to a White House event and, as usual, Spicer played dumb.Spicer asked about why it's okay to have Baldasaro in East Room, he seemed genuinely unaware (or not remembering) the assassination call.  Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) June 23, 2017Spicer also claimed that Trump  condemned  any calls for political violence   ignoring that Trump had praised Baldasaro just days after he had attacked Hillary Clinton in 2016. If Trump s  condemnation  is to praise the guy he s condemning then invite him for a photo op in the East Room, it s hard to see how that qualifies for standing up to violence.Featured image via Twitter",0
1040," CIA Intercepted Putin’s ‘Specific Instructions’ On Election Hack, And It Is DAMNING For Trump","If there was ever any doubt that Vladimir Putin orchestrated a complex attack on our democracy with the express goal of getting Donald Trump elected, that s gone now.Recent reports have indicated that Russian hackers managed to breach voter databases and   this is important   alter data as well as steal the information of nearly 90,000 voters in Illinois alone. The stolen data included drivers license numbers, social security numbers, and other important sensitive information.But it goes much farther than efforts to undermine Americans  confidence in our electoral system. The Washington Post reports that the CIA captured Putin s  specific instructions  to install Donald Trump in the Oval Office:Inside was an intelligence bombshell, a report drawn from sourcing deep inside the Russian government that detailed Russian President Vladi mir Putin s direct involvement in a cyber campaign to disrupt and discredit the U.S. presidential race.But it went further. The intelligence captured Putin s specific instructions on the operation s audacious objectives   defeat or at least damage the Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton, and help elect her opponent, Donald Trump.At that point, the outlines of the Russian assault on the U.S. election were increasingly apparent. Hackers with ties to Russian intelligence services had been rummaging through Democratic Party computer networks, as well as some Republican systems, for more than a year. In July, the FBI had opened an investigation of contacts between Russian officials and Trump associates. And on July 22, nearly 20,000 emails stolen from the Democratic National Committee were dumped online by WikiLeaks.At this point, it is clear that Donald Trump   given his repeated attempts to distract from, interfere with, and dismiss the investigation   worked with Vladimir Putin in some capacity to undermine our democracy.The only question that remains is when will Republicans  grow a pair  and impeach the orange traitor?Read the full report here.Featured image via Getty Images",0
1041," WATCH: Spicer Attacks Obama On Fox News, Then Gives OFF-CAMERA Press Briefing","White House press secretary Sean Spicer went to his safe place at Fox News on Friday to bash former President Barack Obama for responding to the Republican Health Care bill which is meant to replace Obamacare. Oddly, though, but not unexpectedly, Spicer did an off-camera press briefing after the interview. The White House has shrouded itself with secrecy while keeping the press they launched a war with at bay, thus keeping voters in the dark about the goings on of the Trump administration.Spicer briefing today at WH is off-camera. But he was live this morning on @FoxNews. pic.twitter.com/XxjkNUBVZR  Mark Knoller (@markknoller) June 23, 2017On Thursday, Obama, who had not posted on his Facebook page since his final address on January 10th, took his gloves off to sound the alarm about the  fundamental meanness at the core  of Trumpcare. On Tuesday, Trump called the GOP House health care replacement  mean  but apparently Spicer didn t read about that. Simply put, if there s a chance you might get sick, get old, or start a family   this bill will do you harm,  Obama wrote.  And small tweaks over the course of the next couple weeks, under the guise of making these bills easier to stomach, cannot change the fundamental meanness at the core of this legislation. Well, the real meanness is allowing American people to believe that ObamaCare is still alive,  Spicer said during the interview with Fox News. ObamaCare is dead   it isn t an option,  Spicer insisted.  I think we need to face the reality of that. When people want to compare this bill with ObamaCare it s an unfair comparison. Spicer said that the chances are  very high  the GOP bill will pass, and said it would help families hurt by ObamaCare. I don t know how it s mean to provide people healthcare and that s what we re doing here,  he added.Watch: Spicey is in the minority with his views on Trumpcare. A mere 17 percent of Americans support the GOP health care plan.Trump/Reublicare would also repeal virtually all the tax increases imposed by the Affordable Care Act to pay for itself. It would in effect hand a broad tax cut to the wealthy, paid for by billions of dollars sliced from Medicaid. It would offer states the ability to drop many of the benefits required by the Affordable Care Act, like maternity care, emergency services and mental health treatment.Meanwhile, Spicer defended this travesty of a proposal on Fox News while keeping the cameras off during the press briefing. Republicans are aware that American voters are pissed off at the concept of having their families  health care gutted while the rich get richer.Image via screen capture. ",0
1042, Kellyanne Conway Admits Comey Tapes Probably Exist But Says Trump Doesn’t Have Them (VIDEO),"Does Donald Trump have tapes of his conversations with fired FBI director James Comey? Until Thursday, he said yes   but after it became apparent that special prosecutor Robert Mueller had hired a team that included former Watergate investigators, Trump changed his story.Now, he says, he was just trying to obstruct justice by using the idea that there were tapes to intimidate James Comey before he testified   a gambit that led to Comey laughing at him during a public hearing.At this point, Trump would be stupid to personally be in possession of any tapes of their conversations, but White House spokesidiot Kellyanne Conway hints that tapes may exist   Trump just doesn t keep them in his nightstand like they are a book of Adolf Hitler s speeches (yes, he kept a book of Hitler s speeches at his bedside).During an interview with CNN s Alisyn Camerota, Conway refused to say why it took 42 days for The Donald to change his story about the tapes with which he threatened the man whom he fired for requesting additional funding for the Russia investigation   but she used some very interesting wording while attempting to explain away Trump s self-made scandal. So the president made clear yesterday and in an interview aired early this morning, Alisyn, on Fox News, that he doesn t have tapes   didn t make tapes, but he left open the possibility they may exist,  Conway said, hinting that because of the  surveillance and leaking going on  the tapes might just surface. But why did we live this charade, there might be tapes or might not?  Camerota asked. There was no charade,  Conway replied. Answer definitively   there were no audiotapes?  Camerota pressed. He answered definitively yesterday,  Conway shot back. Why is he always on your timeline? Strangely, Conway nor Trump denied that tapes were made. Trump just said he personally didn t record them   which would have been a rookie move even for him   and Conway explained that Trump wasn t personally in possession of them.As Republican Rep. Mike Conaway, who is leading the Russia probe, notes, that hardly clears things up.Watch it below:Featured image via screengrab",0
1043, Police Say Fire At DC Memorial For Muslim Teen Was ‘Not A Hate Crime’,"A 24-year-old that set fire to a fountain on Wednesday morning in Washington, D.C. has been arrested. This very same fountain, however, is home to a memorial for a murdered Muslim teen, Nabra Hassanen.The Washington D.C. fire department responded to a call about a brush fire inside Dupont Circle around 8:30 a.m., a spokesman said. When firefighters arrived, they swiftly put out a small fire inside a fountain there.At around 10:00 a.m., according to a police report from the Metropolitan Police Department, officers arrested Jonathan Soloman, of South Carolina, on charges of  attending or kindling bonfires. Huffington Post reports that the police emphasize that the incident was not a hate crime, as it had no connection to a memorial at the same fountain.A spokeswoman for U.S. Park Police told HuffPost that  the memorial does not appear to have been specifically targeted. Yet, a video posted by Fox5 DC on Wednesday shows some charred flowers   and what appears to be a burned painting. Somehow though, this particular fountain, of all locations, was chosen for a fire. But it s not related at all to the fact that this poor teen was a Muslim. Not a hate crime,  Sergeant Anna Rose said, explaining that there was  no indication [Soloman] was there to desecrate that memorial. To add even more fuel to the fire, Soloman was released from custody on Wednesday with a court date.Huffington Post adds that William Miller, a spokesman for the U.S. attorney s office in Washington D.C., says Soloman will likely have his first court appearance on Thursday, when charging documents further explaining the crime will become public.Yes, do shed some light on how this was not a hate crime. How it was random chance that this guy started a fire in this particular fountain where hundreds gathered to mourn and lay posters and flowers by the fountain for the disgusting crime against Hassanen.But wait, there s more! 22-year-old Darwin Martinez Torres, accused of murdering Hassanen was arrested and has been charged with murder. He does not, however, face hate crime charges, either.Is this all, really, truly random chance? Was Hassanen really targeted outside of the fact that she was Muslim? Was the fire in her memorialized fountain really random?Featured photo via Calla Kessler/The Washington Post via Getty Images",0
1044, Watch Kellyanne Conway Accuse Democrats Of ‘Interfering With Our Democracy’ By Opposing Trump (VIDEO),"At this point, it s hard to tell what the Trump administration will say next to attempt to deflect from anything at all involving The Donald and Russia.On Friday, White House spokesmoron Kellyanne Conway showed up on CNN to say that Democrats are just as bad as Trump s Russian allies who hacked and interfered with our election because they had the audacity to speak out against him. The president has said previously  that he would be concerned about anybody interfering with our democracy,  she said.  We saw a lot of people interfering with our democracy by saying he couldn t win here at home. Trump may be concerned with that form of  interference  because fascists are typically  concerned  with criticism, but he has shown absolutely zero problems with Vladimir Putin s propaganda and hacking efforts meant to install Trump in the Oval Office.Allisyn Camerota asked Conway what Trump plans to do to stop Russia from further interfering in our election, but she   well, she had nothing. Alisyn, I realize we just like to say the word  Russia, Russia  to mislead the voters,  Conway said.  And I know that CNN is aiding and abetting this nonsense as well, but you ve asked me this question three times now And you re not answering it, Kellyanne!  Camerota said.The reason Conway refuses to answer is that Trump and his minions are totally OK with that kind of interference. But criticism from an opposing political party? They just can t handle it.Watch it below:Featured image via screengrab",0
1045, Trump Suffers HUMILIATING Reality Check After Bragging About The Number Of Bills He Has Signed,"Donald Trump stroked his own ego again and got humiliated for it.During a very creepy Cabinet meeting where each member took their turn praising Trump on national television, Trump bragged about the number of bills he has signed, claiming to have signed more legislation than any other president in history except Franklin Roosevelt. I will say that never has there been a president   with few exceptions, in the case of FDR he had a major Depression to handle   who s passed more legislation, who s done more things than what we ve done,  Trump boasted.Technically, it s sort of true. Actually, Roosevelt and Truman signed more. But the kind of legislation Trump has signed thus far is insignificant. For instance, most of the bills include creating memorials, designating buildings, appointing members to the Smithsonian board, encouraging Americans to display the flag on a certain day, and a bunch of other pithy bills that really are pathetic when you consider all the major pieces of legislation other presidents signed after they took office.But that didn t stop Trump from blowing his own horn again on Twitter Friday morning.I ve helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills, mostly with no Democratic support, and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations. Nice!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 23, 2017Again, Trump has no major legislative achievements, and it should be pointed out that President Obama signed plenty of bills, including major pieces of legislation without Republican support. Unlike Trump, Obama didn t whine about it.Predictably, and rightfully so, Twitter users were quick to bash Trump for bragging about his pathetic record.Literally every single major legislative effort you ve had has FAILED DRAMATICALLY!  Jules Suzdaltsev (@jules_su) June 23, 2017Except that the regulations that this administration got rid of were essential to protecting the environment and checking Wall St excesses.  Anirvan Ghosh (@anirvanghosh) June 23, 2017Praising yourself = sad & desperate Ending self praise with  Nice!  = high fiving yourself after masturbating  Pep Rosenfeld (@peprosenfeld) June 23, 2017No Major Bills, despite having the House and Senate on your side. NOT NICE!  Impeach Donald Trump (@Impeach_D_Trump) June 23, 2017you ve mostly just removed laws that protect living creatures. Congratulations, fuck face. https://t.co/OjgRh2V7Id.  kim (@kim) June 23, 2017Congrats as well, 4 signing bill that now allows hibernating bears in Alaska 2 be shot by hunters, as well as tracked by aircraft & killed!!  Pam W ?????? (@dallaspamela53) June 23, 2017You are a seriously needy lil bitch  Rogue CPI (@RogueCPI) June 23, 2017It takes a real small man to feel the need to brag. Thanks for the daily reminder of how weak and fragile you are #LamePOTUS  Scott Greenstone (@sgreenstonenj) June 23, 2017Donald Trump is a pathetic old man who should be getting impeached and thrown in prison for the rest of his miserable life. Instead, Republicans are letting him disgrace the presidency and embarrass the United States on a daily basis. 2020 can t get here soon enough.Featured Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1046, WATCH: Justin Trudeau Has The PERFECT Response To Trump’s Idiotic Tweets,"Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau participated in a forum on Thursday, which was hosted by the New York Times, to discuss current relations between Canada and the United States. Trudeau was as suave as ever for the most part and tried hard to play down the fact that Donald Trump is a raving f*cking lunatic. However, when the conversation turned to Trump s tweets, he accidentally pointed out what an irresponsible child the current  President  actually is.Trudeau was asked if he has his phone set to notify him when Trump sends out a tweet, like many of us do. Without even trying, the Prime Minister s response made Trump look like a damn fool. There s no question that the way the President chooses to speak directly to people through social media is a new wrinkle in international diplomacy,  Trudeau replied. He explained that deciphering how serious to take any given tweet of Trump s is important so that Canada can respond  without reacting to a similar level. The interviewers continued to press Trudeau on the matter, asking him if he is  in bed, like the rest of us, looking at Twitter at night?  And that is when it came. He made Trump look like an absolute moron simply by doing his job and not being a Twitter-obsessed narcissist. No, I tend to focus on the things I need to do, on my job,  Trudeau said, causing the audience to burst into laughter. Realizing that he had just unintentionally wiped the floor with Trump, he added, If I get woken up at night, it better be for something more important than a tweet.  This just caused the crowd to laugh even harder.  By anyone!  he said as an afterthought, but the everyone in the room was still howling with laughter.You can watch a video of this exchange below and you can watch Trudeau s entire interview here:Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1047," Obama Just Delivered His Most Scathing Rebuke Of Trumpcare Yet, And It’s Awesome (SCREENSHOTS)","President Obama typically refrains from outright blasting the f*ck out of Donald Trump, but he made an exception on Thursday as Republicans prepare to strip healthcare from millions of our most vulnerable Americans.On Facebook, Obama urged Republicans to reject Trumpcare and all it has to offer (which isn t much). I recognize that repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act has become a core tenet of the Republican Party,  Obama said.  Still, I hope that our Senators, many of whom I know well, step back and measure what s really at stake, and consider that the rationale for action, on health care or any other issue, must be something more than simply undoing something that Democrats did. The Senate bill, unveiled today, is not a health care bill. It s a massive transfer of wealth from middle-class and poor families to the richest people in America,  he continued.  It hands enormous tax cuts to the rich and to the drug and insurance industries, paid for by cutting health care for everybody else. Simply put, if there s a chance you might get sick, get old, or start a family   this bill will do you harm. And small tweaks over the course of the next couple weeks, under the guise of making these bills easier to stomach, cannot change the fundamental meanness at the core of this legislation. That s the key word    meanness.  Trumpcare is designed not to help Americans, but to provide massive tax cuts for the richest Americans while leaving the rest of us to suffer. This debate has always been about something bigger than politics,  Obama added.  It s about the character of our country   who we are, and who we aspire to be. And that s always worth fighting for. Read the post below:(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Our politics are divided. They have been for a long time. And while I know that division makes it difficult to listen Posted by Barack Obama on Thursday, June 22, 2017Featured image via Getty Images/screengrab",0
1048, Trump Tweets Lie About America’s Third Biggest Trading Partner Triggering International Scandal,"Donald Trump has been tweeting all day   and his latest is triggering a needless fight with one of America s largest trade partners. Naturally, it s based on complete lies.For reasons known only to Trump and his staff, the president has avoided doing any actual work today and has instead opted to rant about various things that come into his head. On Twitter, Trump has bashed Democrats, admitted he never had  tapes  of his conversations with James Comey, and finally turned to Mexico. The country has been suffering horrific violence due to a on-going drug war. Like his behavior towards London, Trump decided to exploit the tragedy to cynically push for his bigoted policies in America. And like London, he did so by lying.With no source, Trump announced that Mexico s homicide rate was second only to Syria. His information appears to come from a shoddy study released in May and promoted by CNN (which Trump claims not to watch) that claimed  Mexico was second-deadliest country in 2016.  Mexico s violent drug war had indeed been horrific, and the number of dead is staggering. But is it truly the second most violent place in the world? Almost immediately, the details of the study started to unravel.In May, the Washington Post took a hard look at the information and concluded it didn t hold up to scrutiny. For one thing, in terms of both population and raw numbers, many countries are more deadly than Mexico.The study appears to arrive at its findings by labeling Mexico a  conflict area  and counts the number of killed in that  conflict  as compared to other nations. Obviously, most nations aren t currently facing civil wars or strife so they aren t counted, even when they actually have more homicides. But Mexico isn t undergoing a civil war and in fact large sections of the country have very little contact with the drug war happening in specific hot spots. It is only when Mexico is placed in this ill-fitted category that it emerges as a particularly deadly place. Trump, who seems incapable of reading or understanding detailed information, failed to comprehend this nuance when he decided to impulsively smear the country on Twitter.It s boring at this point, but must be repeated again and again: What Trump is saying and doing towards America s allies, seemingly on a whim, is unprecedented. Mexico, for all its troubles, is one of America s closest allies and trading partners. The economies of both countries are dependent on one another and cooperation between the neighbors has been a longstanding tradition. Trump, in order to build his fantasy wall, is threatening to destroy that relationship.Mexico has already been furious with Trump for his attacks on its country and citizens. They, naturally, told Trump to shove it when he came up with his insane premise to get them to pay for his wall. His popularity in Mexico is lower than dirt. The leadership openly mocks him. But still he smears the country. It has pretty clearly reached a breaking point   and Trump only has himself to blame.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
1049," Trump’s Carrier Deal Falls Apart; Hundreds Of Jobs Ship Off To Mexico, 600 To Be Fired Next Month","It was supposed to be Trump s one, big win. Now it s completely falling apart.The much-publicized deal to save American manufacturing jobs at the Carrier plant in Indianapolis is looking less like a feather in Trump s cap and more like a black eye. The latest details out of the plant paint a grim picture for the employees who were told just months ago that they had been saved by Trump. According to a report by CNBC:More than 600 employees at a Carrier plant in Indianapolis are bracing for layoffs beginning next month, despite being told by President Trump that nearly all the jobs at the plant had been saved. The deal, announced with great fanfare before Trump took office, was billed not only as a heroic move to keep jobs from going to Mexico but also as a seismic shift in the economic development landscape.Nearly seven months later the deal has not worked out quite as originally advertised, and the landscape has barely budged. The jobs are still leaving,  said Robert James, president of United Steelworkers Local 1999.  Nothing has stopped. Shortly after winning the election and eager for a publicity win, Trump had obsessed over the Carrier plant. In an effort to secure the publicity stunt, he ordered then-Indiana governor Mike Pence to hand over $7 million in tax breaks to the owners of Carrier in an effort to bribe the executives into keeping some jobs in the area. The Carrier executives gladly took the money (which came out of Indiana s taxes) then shipped the jobs to Mexico anyways.In perhaps the sickest twist in this sordid story, Carrier had secured the $7 million by promising to  invest  an additional $16 million in the factory. Trump never read the fine print. Carrier now says it will use that promised money to develop more  automation  which will enable the company to cut even more jobs down the road.That s one hell of a bad deal from Donald  the dealmaker  Trump.Unfortunately for Americans looking to understand how Trump might run the country and for the workers at Carrier, much of the mainstream media hailed the Carrier deal as an unequivocal success for Trump. The New York Times, for instance, praised Trump for the bribe, parroting his campaign rhetoric, writing that this deal proved Trump was  a different kind of Republican, willing to take on big business. It s doubtful that the same media outlets will bother to retract their original praise or issue a follow-up documenting the ways in which the deal has fallen apart. Everyone has moved on. Many Americans might even still falsely believe Trump saved the Carrier jobs.Meanwhile an estimated 600 employees at Carrier will now be jobless. Plants will still open up in Mexico, right on schedule. And the only real winners were the owners of Carrier and Trump. But was there ever really any chance that it wouldn t turn out this way?Featured image via Tasos Katopodis/Getty Images",0
1050,"
Ex-GOP Congressman Shreds Fellow Republicans For Not ‘Howling’ For Trump’s Impeachment (VIDEO)
","At this point, every Republican who refuses to have a spine and stand up to Donald Trump s ignorance and tyranny is just as guilty of endangering the country as America s unworthy POTUS   and one GOPer is letting them know it.Recently, former U.S. Rep. Bob Inglis (R-SC) trashed his fellow GOPers for being so weak and  whimpering  when faced with Trump s numerous scandals, particularly Russia s possible interference in the 2016 election. Directly calling out how weak the Republican Party has been at upholding their own values and loyalty to the U.S. Constitution, Inglis stated that conservatives need to get their act together and actually start taking the Russian meddling seriously. This is particularly noteworthy because former Director of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson says  it s a fact  that Russia interfered in the election. Inglis said: The president needs to understand that this is an investigation of an attack by a hostile power at the very heart of our republic. If he were wise, he would open up the doors and say,  Let s look into it, come and see what all I ve got because we ve got to know what happened here. While Trump has never been one to take advice from anyone (no matter how much smarter they are), Inglis suggested that the best way Trump could get on America s good side is to simply stop getting in the way of the investigation and actually cooperate for once.Pointing out a double standard in the Republican Party, Inglis stated that if it had been Hillary Clinton as POTUS and she had fired FBI Director James Comey for reopening an investigation on her email server, the GOP would be up in arms. He said: Republicans would be howling about that, we would be talking about impeachment. We d be talking about obstruction of justice, but as it is, we re sort of whimpering. We re not after this thing. We need to really be after it. You can watch Inglis shred the GOP for its hypocrisy below:Featured image via Pool /Getty Images",0
1051, Did Trump Just Accidentally Admit He Deleted Recordings Of Comey Conversations?,"Conservatives love to tell us that Donald Trump speaks his mind and always tells the truth despite a mountain of evidence against the latter point, so when he told us he recorded his conversations with former FBI Director James Comey it s perfectly reasonable for us to take him at his word.Shortly after he fired Comey for requesting additional resources for the investigation into the Trump administration s collusion with Russia, Trump threatened to release the recordings in an effort to intimidate a witness   recordings whose existence would be just the latest in a long history of Trump secretly recording conversations.James Comey better hope that there are no ""tapes"" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017Apparently, The Donald has done some reading on Richard Nixon, because he seems to have destroyed the tapes he made. After Comey said  Lordy, I hope there are tapes  (the one time in history  Lordy  has sounded so badass), Trump realized that his plan wasn t quite working out so well   so he now claims that they never existed. With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance, intercepts, unmasking and illegal leaking of information, I have no idea whether there are  tapes  or recordings of my conversations with James Comey, but I did not make, and do not have, any such recordings,  Trump tweeted on Thursday.With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance, intercepts, unmasking and illegal leaking of information, I have no idea  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 22, 2017 whether there are ""tapes"" or recordings of my conversations with James Comey, but I did not make, and do not have, any such recordings.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 22, 2017Either Trump is lying about making the recordings or he is lying about them not existing .or he destroyed them. That final option, given Trump s history, is the one that likely occurred.Naturally, the American people once again proved that they are not as stupid as Trump thinks they are:WHAT THE FUCK, TRUMP? ????????? You lying sack of shit.  Holly O Reilly (@AynRandPaulRyan) June 22, 2017Why should we believe anything you say when you just banned the press from covering the daily briefing?  Alex Mayberry (@Alex_Mayberry) June 22, 2017you re such a gross failure and a slob. you can t even lie right. and look at this shit pic.twitter.com/TjKhwT0cEC  Livia Scott ? (@LiviaLove) June 22, 2017You realize this makes your  better hope there are no tapes  statement evidence of attempted witness intimidation  Ray Yelle (@ryelle62) June 22, 2017You lie about everything. James Comey was right, he was afraid of you lying about convos. James Comey 100 Trump 0!  Jennie (@Jennie2004) June 22, 2017Keep tweeting. Robert Mueller will gladly use your tweets as evidence.  Mario Velarde (@MarioV7) June 22, 2017HahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaYOU REFUCKEDhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha  Blankety Blank (@agentZillah) June 22, 2017Trying to distract the country from your sad healthcare bill. You are becoming quite predictable Mr. President. #TrumpFearsPressY  MJ (@TheMagsterBarks) June 22, 2017Notice he didn t say he that he didn t know about them or listen to them  Bens The Best (@bens_the_best) June 22, 2017Translation   I reviewed tapes with my lawyer and they don t support my point   so all tapes and equipment have been destroyed.  Brief Truth (@TheBriefTruth) June 22, 2017HE made/had no tapes. This, once again is was advised by his lawyers to shield him if and when they ever do surface proving Comey right  TheUnsilentMAJORITY (@The_UnSilent_) June 22, 2017Does this mean that there really aren t tapes, or that there ARE tapes and you don t want to release them because the confirm Comey s story?  Dave Branson (@popsiclemud) June 22, 2017Here s a disturbing, but likely scenario: There were tapes. And their existence just created problems Trump can t handle.Featured image via screengrab/Getty Images",0
1052, The New GOP Healthcare Bill Targets Women And Plans To Defund Planned Parenthood,"The super top-secret GOP healthcare bill has been released. Hidden within all the kerfuffle is a woman s worst nightmare: Planned Parenthood losing its funding.Reported by The Hill, the Senate healthcare bill will defund Planned Parenthood for one year. The GOP bill follows the same language in the House-passed health care bill that blocks Medicaid reimbursements to Planned Parenthood.If this bill goes through, the beacon of women s health care and abortion services will be gone unless Planned Parenthood can find another viable option for funding.Of course, it s not just women that Planned Parenthood helps. They provide health care for women, men, young people, while also acting as the U.S. s largest provider of sex education. All are very crucial services.It s vital that Planned Parenthood retains its funding and we need people and our government to understand that. Thankfully, two Republican senators, Lisa Murkowski (Ala.) and Susan Collins (Maine), have already suggested they may not support the bill if it defunds Planned Parenthood, The Hill reports.Collins said Wednesday if the bill included defunding language, she and Murkowski would introduce an amendment to strip it out.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards released a statement saying: If this is the Senate s idea of a bill with heart, then the women of America should have fear struck in theirs. Slashing Medicaid and blocking millions of women from getting preventive care at Planned Parenthood is beyond heartless. One in five women in this country rely on Planned Parenthood for care. They will not stay silent as politicians vote to take away their care and their rights. Source: The HillIs this really what many Republicans say they want? To strip women of their beacon of health and wellness? People need to stay out of other people s business and live and let live.Featured image by Ronen Tivony/NurPhoto via Getty Images",0
1053," OOPS: Trump’s ‘Voter Fraud’ Panel BACKFIRES On Him, Wants To Investigate Russian Meddling In 2016 Election","Well, that has to be embarrassing.Ever since Election Day, Trump has insisted that he won the popular vote despite the fact that Hillary Clinton actually won it by nearly 3 million votes.According to Trump, Hillary only won it because of  voter fraud,  accusing nearly three million people of voting illegally.In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2016Losing the popular vote has been a sore spot for Trump as his fragile ego just can t handle rejection.And so, Trump decided to create a panel to investigate.I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 25, 2017As you may also recall, Trump has repeatedly refused to create a panel to investigate the Russian interference in the election that helped him win.Well, that s about to change.According to the Boston Globe, two members of the panel are calling for looking at Russian hacking of voting systems in more than two dozen states, a departure from what Trump intended the panel to investigate.New Hampshire Secretary of State Bill Gardner and Maine Secretary of State Matthew Dunlap have requested that the panel look at Russian interference, which Trump has repeatedly claimed never happened despite evidence to the contrary. There s stuff coming out now that states were hacked in this election,  Gardner said. If you are looking at the integrity of the election, you have to look at things that might compromise that integrity,  Dunlap added.  That includes things that might happen electronically. And Kansas Secretary of State and Trump ally Kris Kobach agrees with them. In the initial descriptions of the commission, election security and the integrity of equipment and voter databases was not specifically described,  Kobach said.  But if it s something the commission wants to discuss, we can. In short, Trump s own  voter fraud  panel is going to take a look at Russian interference in the 2016 Election, which is probably the last thing Trump wanted them to investigate. But the problem with investigating the  voter fraud  that Trump claims cost him the popular vote is that instances of voter fraud are negligible. Even Republican state officials have criticized Trump for making such an outrageous claim. So it s likely the panel simply didn t have much to do because voter fraud is so rare in our country. Now they are going to investigate real voter fraud and Trump must be terrified because he slipped up on Thursday morning by admitting that Russia did interfere, only he also attempted to blame it on President Obama.By the way, if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election, it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn t they stop them?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 22, 2017So not only is Congress and special prosecutor Robert Mueller investigating, Trump s own panel is investigating now. The only walls Trump is seeing right now are the ones closing in on him and his treachery.Featured Image: Jason Kempin and Sean Gallup/Getty Images",0
1054, Trump Slips Up: Blames Obama For Russian Interference Despite Repeatedly Insisting It Never Happened,"Donald Trump is once again the White House leaker he keeps whining about.Ever since taking office, Trump has refused to open an investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 Election, and has insisted that such a thing never happened despite evidence to the contrary.It has been going on like this for months.But on Thursday morning, Trump slipped up on Twitter by trying to blame President Obama for the Russian interference.By the way, if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election, it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn t they stop them?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 22, 2017Trump basically just confirmed that Russia meddled with the election that put him in office. He s just trying to pin the blame on the Obama Administration because special prosecutor Robert Mueller is closing in on him.In the very next tweet, Trump once again insisted the whole thing is a  hoax  and then continued making excuses. Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks (long prior to election). It s all a big Dem HOAX!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 22, 2017 Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI, and still hasn t? It s all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 22, 2017Twitter users were not amused.Russia attacked the heart of democracy and you re using it as an opportunity to attack Obama.  Mark Pygas (@MarkPygas) June 22, 2017That s like blaming Pearl Harbour on FDR instead of the Japanese Empire.  Mark Pygas (@MarkPygas) June 22, 2017Jeh Johnson said yesterday they waited because a certain candidate was saying #Election2016 was rigged?  kim (@kim) June 22, 2017The FBI just confirmed that NOT ONLY did Russia interfere in 2016 (duh), the 2018 elections are ALREADY being manipulated by Russia.  Jules Suzdaltsev (@jules_su) June 22, 2017In October before the election Obama warned the Russians that the law of armed conflict applies to cyberspace https://t.co/9qjg462LpS pic.twitter.com/iBASxoKqjk  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) June 22, 2017They didn t make any public statements though. After all, Trump was already out there saying the election was rigged pic.twitter.com/KESz9Bbow4  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) June 22, 2017In short, if Trump had lost on election night he would have blamed Obama for interfering with Russian meddling. Trump was clearly setting up for that by repeatedly claiming that the election was rigged.It s time for Trump to be impeached and thrown behind bars along with the rest of his pathetic family of criminals. Trump just admitted that Russia interfered. By all rights he should resign because he didn t win fair and square. But he won t and that means he needs to be forcibly removed.Featured Image: Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
1055, Sen. Cotton’s Intern Caught On Tape Calling Brits ‘F****ts’ And Declaring Paul Ryan A ‘Cuck’ (AUDIO),"*Hey Justin, I don t have another title and was told this one goes too far. Hoping you can come up with something that works.*Republican Senator Tom Cotton s intern thinks that the British are  faggots  and House Speaker Paul Ryan is a  cuck.  And apparently, he isn t afraid to say it because he actually made these repugnant remarks to a reporter.The intern, who Mediaite is referring to only by his first name, Nate, because they want  to keep his name clean from any future employer s Google search  (insert angry eye roll here), was recorded saying  Paul Ryan is a cuck, he s a cuck, get him out  and  Paul Ryan: cuck first and Yankee second. In case you don t know what a  cuck  is, Mediaite was happy to explain, even if they refuse to fully out the loudmouthed intern.The term  cuck  originated in political spaces during 2015, as white nationalists and the far-right began calling Republicans they deemed too moderate  cuckservatives.  The word is racially charged, as  cuck  that Joan Walsh described as a pornographic genre  in which a white husband, either in shame or lust, watches his wife be taken by a black man. The alt-right, otherwise known as white supremacists and neo-Nazis, have used the term to reference Ryan for a while now and he was even named  Cuck of The Year For 2016. The intern also told the reporter that, as our military record shows,  Americans are the superior race to everyone in the world . . . we re superior people.  As he continued to rant, he said the British are  faggots  and then he deemed Benedict Arnold  a homosexual. Nate is a big fan of Donald Trump s stupid wall and the xenophobia behind his bigoted immigration parties. He told the reporter that  they say  we need to lax our immigration system and let more of these people in,  fuck no! Am I a bigot [towards Muslims]? I guess damn so!  Nate added.Nate, who interned with Cotton for more than six months, also weighed in on the health care debate, insisting that the argument that health care is a human right is garbage  and  fundamentally wrong. You will die in the streets if you are an idiot . . . we believe in Social Darwinism, the idiots will get fucked,  he said.The news that Nate is a raging bigot should come as no surprise to Sen. Cotton, assuming they vetted him even a little. Mediaite reports that his Facebook page is full of derogatory terms such as  faggot,   fag,  and  tranny.  And he has made a habit of shouting his offensive rhetoric through the halls of Congress.Mediaite contacted Sen. Cotton s office for a comment. Certainly, they must have something to say for themselves, right? Well, not so much. A spokesperson said only that Nate  is no longer an intern in Senator Cotton s office. Beyond that, I cannot comment on personnel matters. You can listen to Nate s disgusting remarks here: Featured image via  Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1056, Trump Tells His Supporters Poor People Are Too Stupid To Be In His Cabinet (VIDEO),"Alleged President Donald Trump has been on the job for only 153 days and he held another ego-rally on Wednesday. The crowd of adoring Trump fans cheered him on as he spoke down to them in a condescending manner. The former reality show star who ran on a  Drain the Swamp  platform offered an explanation in Iowa for why he has one of the wealthiest cabinets in U.S. history. The amateur president suggested that he hired billionaire private-equity investor Wilbur Ross to be his Commerce secretary because he isn t poor. Trump said,  I just don t want a poor person  in a top economics role. I love all people   rich or poor   but in those particular positions, I just don t want a poor person,  he said at a rally in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.  Does that make sense? If you insist, I ll do it   but I like it better this way. That led to cheers from his supporters.CNN reports:Trump named billionaire Wilbur Ross, who has made a fortune cobbling together dying companies, as his commerce secretary, and Todd Ricketts, part of the billionaire family that owns the Chicago Cubs, as deputy commerce secretary.The Cabinet also includes billionaire Betsy DeVos as his pick for education secretary and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin is a former Goldman Sachs executive. Somebody said,  Why d you appoint a rich person to be in charge of the economy,'  said Trump.  I said,  Because that s the kind of thinking we want.' They re representing the country. They don t want the money. They re representing the country. They had to give up a lot to take these jobs. They gave up a lot,  he said.Trump noted that Ross and his chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, a former Goldman Sachs president, were at the Iowa rally. That s right, Trump brought the swamp to Iowa and his supporters cheered him on. But, while on the campaign trail, Trump frequently bashed Goldman Sachs for having too much influence in politics and for paying Democratic rival Hillary Clinton for private speeches.Watch:Let s review history for a moment.It was in 1789 that George Washington, the first elected President of the U.S., tapped his former aide to be the first Secretary of the Treasury. Alexander Hamilton grew up poor and he was an immigrant from the Caribbean island of Nevis   his image is featured on our $10 bill.But, in Trump s world, Hamilton, who was an author of the Federalist Papers, would be too poor to be chosen for his administration. Trump suggested to his crowd of supporters that only rich people are smart. Those same supporters still see nothing wrong with the alleged billionaire not revealing his tax returns.According to Trump, billionaires are smart and the rest of us are dumb mother f*ckers.  Trump also raged about the media s coverage of his  presidency  during his rally.Well, we can prove that wealthy people aren t always smart or have compassion. Citation: Donald J. Trump.Featured image via screen capture",0
1057, Dear Democrats: Throwing Nancy Pelosi Under The Bus Is Not The Answer (VIDEO),"As Donald Trump stacks his cabinet with ultra-conservative members of Congress, that leaves empty seats that need to be filled. This means special elections are held to fill said seats. Democrats thought we d be able to scoop up at least a seat or two   especially when it came to Jon Ossoff of the Georgia District 6 election. However, we fell short by less than four points. Tom Price, who left to become Trump s Health and Human Services Secretary, carried that district by more than 20 points last November. That trend has been consistent throughout all of the special elections, with Democrats making major gains point wise. However, moral victories are not victories, and therefore people are pointing fingers. Right now, the fingers are being pointed squarely at House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi.Democrats like Rep. Tim Ryan of Ohio are calling for her to step aside for new leadership. Ryan said of Pelosi and the Democratic Party at large after the Ossoff loss: We d better take a good, long, strong look in the mirror and realize that the problem is us, it s the party. Ryan went on to praise Jon Ossoff as a  great  political candidate who still couldn t carry the national baggage of the Democratic Party. It is also worth noting that Ryan did challenge Pelosi for her leadership position last November and lost spectacularly. So there could still be bitterness there. Rep. Seth Moulton (D-MA) criticized the idea of keeping Leader Pelosi as well: We need to have a plan, we need to have a vision, we need to tell Americans why Democrats will be better, not just why Trump is bad. And I don t think we re doing enough of that, and I think that s evident in this [Georgia] race. This is an empty argument, though, because Ossoff did not run against Trump. He ran on healthcare and the economy. What largely hurt him was his lack of a resume, the fact that the district had been handily in GOP hands for 40 years, and the fact that Republicans stick together when Democrats don t; in this election, lots of Democrats accused him of not being liberal enough. Also, he never sufficiently answered for living outside the district he was running to represent.However, in my humble opinion, what they want to do to Nancy Pelosi would be disastrous. We split the party between the Bernie Sanders/Elizabeth Warren hard left and the Hillary Clinton/Barack Obama left of center in 2016, and look where that got us. When the party is in tatters, it is time to come together to beat the common enemy: the Republicans who are steadily destroying the United States of America as we speak. While we bicker amongst ourselves, demand ideological purity, and attack those who share our same values, they are rolling back civil rights,continuing to gerrymander districts to render Democratic votes useless, using non-existent voter fraud to block people from exercising their right to vote, planning to kill us by taking our healthcare away, destroying public education, and making sure we won t have a planet to live on if they get their way.Now, I know all of the arguments. Pelosi is the Old Guard and it s time for her to go. The Republicans always yoke our candidate to her, paint her as an out of touch, San Francisco liberal, and that means that moderates are afraid to vote for that candidate because they fear a far left agenda. NEWSFLASH: No matter WHO is in leadership, they ll say those things anyway. They think all Democrats are just like Nancy Pelosi, Elizabeth Warren, and Bernie Sanders, despite the fact that this party is as diverse as the people of the nation. That diversity can be our greatest strength rather than a weakness if we just stop fighting one another long enough to heal old wounds from 2016.At least it seems that the Democratic National Committee is speaking out against this dangerous move from inside the House Democratic Caucus. Deputy Chairman Rep. Keith Ellison said of what is going on: Republicans have held this seat for 37 years. In a normal year, we wouldn t even have any shot. We have closed the gap dramatically. I mean, they re the ones that better be worried. I never thought I d say this, but I think we should take the advice of Former GOP Congressman and host of MSNBC s Morning Joe, Joe Scarborough on this one:Setting Pelosi up as scapegoat does Democrats no good. Get a candidate that matches the district and you will win. https://t.co/1Z39AKI2JY  Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) June 21, 2017This is correct. Don t run a New York City liberal Democrat in Ohio. Find some Tim Ryan replicas and we ll carry the whole state. Loathe as I am to say this, in places like South Carolina and rural North Carolina and Georgia, find someone who s a bit more like Joe Manchin than say, Maxine Waters. A DINO is better than a Republican any day. If you can get away with it in those districts, run someone like Claire McCaskill. Match the candidate to the political environment, adjust their positions to match, and we win. Feel out the political landscape in any given area. Also   and this is most important   get some candidates that can speak to the working class, such as the Democrat from Wisconsin, Randy Bryce, who has launched a moving campaign ad to announce his challenge to current House Speaker Paul Ryan. Get a strong, working family economic message, combine it with our overall message of tolerance and acceptance for all and pit it against the open bigotry of the GOP, and we re golden.Throwing one another under the bus, re-litigating the 2016 primaries and general election, and continuing this infighting does nothing but tear the party apart further. Certainly throwing the best fundraiser the House Democrats have   not to mention the first female House Speaker of the United States of America   under the bus is not the way.Remember   we re all Democrats. We share the same values. Our diversity is what makes us beautiful. Now, let s come together, rebuild our party, and kick the GOP out of Congress in 2018, and out of the White House in 2020.Here is some great video commentary to illustrate these points:Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1058, Texas Republican Bringing Two Anti-LGBT Bathroom Bills To The Table During Special Legislative Session,"Representative Ron Simmons, R-Carrollton, is back at it again, this time bringing with him TWO anti-LGBT bathroom bills to the special legislative session that will take place next month in Texas.In the regular session that took place, Simmons introduced an anti-LGBT measure that failed. Unfortunately, he didn t learn from this failure as he said one of the bills will be the same.Yes, you read that right. One of the bills he s bringing to the table is going to be the same thing that was already shot down once.Speaking to the Dallas Morning News, Simmons said:  I am going to file two versions. One that just does schools and one that does political subdivisions. He added that it will be filed  within minutes  of the session starting.I m still scratching my head as to why people are so worked up over who uses which toilet and why. You re not going to see the person   they re behind a closed door! And to impose restricting laws on children? Children?Sadly, Simmons is not alone in this endeavor, as the Governor of Texas Greg Abbot has said that passing an anti-LGBT bathroom bill is  top priority  back in May according to PinkNews.PinkNews reports that in response to the failure to pass the bill, the state s Governor has earlier this month vowed to hold a special legislative session on the issue   an extremely costly procedure which is intended to only be used for urgent issues and emergency legislation.So, Texas is holding a costly, special,  emergency  legislative session because they re freaking out over who uses which bathroom. You know, that private place where you re meant to do your business behind closed doors. They re freaking out over which bathroom a child uses in school. Just let all that sink in.In response, Sarah Kate Ellis, President, and CEO of GLAAD said: Governor Greg Abbott is proving everything is bigger in Texas including prioritizing discrimination. If the governor moves forward with this harmful legislation against trans students, LGBTQ people, businesses, and fair-minded Texans will respond in Texas style   Big. Trans Texans have experienced harassment and threats because of this last session and if any anti-trans bills get signed into law, then Governor Abbott s legacy will be turning Texas into a state known for harming some its most marginalized people. Source: PinkNewsEllis couldn t be more right. These Texan lawmakers need to get a grip and focus on actual, important issues. Not where someone goes to the bathroom and why. This shouldn t even be up for discussion or debate.Featured image via Sara D. Davis/Getty Images",0
1059, Trump Tells Supporters He’ll Enact A Law That Has Actually Been In Place For Over 20 Years,"One would think that Donald Trump would ve learned his lesson by now and actually fact-check what he is going to say in advance, but it turns out he hasn t. But then, when has Donald Trump or his supporters ever been concerned with technicalities such as facts?Case in point, Trump told supporters at a rally in Cedar Rapids, Iowa on Wednesday night that immigrants who enter the United States should not be eligible for welfare benefits for five years. The time has come for new immigration rules which say that those seeking admission into our country must be able to support themselves financially and should not use welfare for a period of at least five years,  Trump told the raucous crowd at the U.S. Cellular Center, adding that his administration would be  putting in legislation to that effect very shortly. That would definitely be a great idea, one of few positive moves the Trump administration had made in their short time in power if it weren t for one small problem   The law, known as the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (PRWORA) already exists.The piece of legislation was passed by another member of his least favorite family, former President Bill Clinton, back in 1996. Under Title IV of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act, entitled  Restricting Welfare and Public Benefits for Aliens,  Section 403 clearly states that immigrants are not eligible for any Federal means-tested public benefit  for five years, starting on the date they first enter the country.Naturally, there are some exceptions to what constitutes  federal-means tested public benefit, such as certain medical assistance, emergency disaster relief, and public health assistance for some vaccines, but the standard five-year waiting period is quite clear.Instead of taking to Twitter each time he goes to the bathroom in the middle of the night, maybe a better option for the President would be opening Google or possibly even Wikipedia and doing a little background research about what he plans to say next.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
1060, Montana Dems Hilariously Troll Reporter-Slamming GOPer; Suggest He Should Go To Jail Instead Of Congress,"We all remember how on the eve of Montana s special election, then-Republican candidate Greg Gianforte made headlines when The Guardian s Ben Jacobs asked him a simple question about the Congressional Budget Office s score on the disastrous GOP healthcare bill. Instead of answering like any normal person, or even just saying he didn t have a comment at that time, Gianforte suddenly became enraged without cause, and body slammed Jacobs, breaking his glasses and injuring his arm. Gianforte was later charged with misdemeanor assault. Despite this disturbing set of events, he still won his race.Now, Gianforte has just been sworn into Congress. The Montana Democrats had a surprise waiting for him on his first day   a bit of trolling if you will. They sent Gianforte an orange jumpsuit   clearly suggesting that he should be in jail for what he did to Ben Jacobs, and not heading to Washington to fill a seat in Congress. This was the official Montana Democratic Party, too   not just some liberal activists with a sense of humor. They posted to their official website: Everyone knows you need plenty of suits to work on Capitol Hill. While millionaire Gianforte can certainly afford his own, we know he has a lot of legal fees to pay. So, we thought we d help him out and get him started by mailing a new suit to his office in the Longworth House Office Building in Washington. An orange jumpsuit, that is. Roy Loewenstein, the spokesman for the Montana Democrats, went on to say of Gianforte: Greg Gianforte was previously most well-known for losing the governor s race in a wave year. Now he s most well-known for pleading guilty to the  Big Sky body slam. As a convicted criminal, he will be hidden by his Leadership and not given any position of influence in Washington. So, we got Mr. Gianforte a welcome gift to help his new colleagues identify him. Of course, the GOP was not happy with the bit of fun the Montana Democrats had at Gianforte s expense. the National Republican Congressional Committee was livid at the way the Democrats humiliated Gianforte, saying through their mouthpiece Jack Pandol: The swearing-in ceremony held today is about all Montanans regaining their voice in the House of Representatives, not partisan politics. Instead, Montana Democrats are crying over spilled milk simply because they lost an election. This isn t about losing an election. This is about the fact that we have a clearly violent man who is convicted of assault sitting in the United States House of Representatives, and the Republican Party has absolutely no problem with that. Then again, they ve always opened their arms to violent criminals, so nobody who has watched their non-responses to right-wing violence and the horrific scenes at Trump rallies is at all surprised. Gianforte will be right at home in Paul Ryan s GOP House Conference.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
1061, A New Bill In Missouri Would Allow Your Employer To Fire You For Using Birth Control,"In a move that will most likely never be described as  progress,  the state of Missouri has voted to pass SB 5, a bill that among other controversial and oppressive laws, would permit employment and housing discrimination against women who use birth control or choose to have an abortion. The bill passed by the Senate tonight is a good start,  Will Scharf, policy director for Missouri Governor Eric Greitens, wrote on Twitter.  Looking forward to seeing how the House can substantially improve it to protect life! The main reason behind SB 5 is to impose more restrictions on abortion providers in the state, such as requiring them to send fetal tissue samples to a pathologist within five days, the pathologist then having 72 hours to respond. Currently there are no deadlines, but despite the bill being supported under the guise of women s health, requirements such as this serve absolutely no medical purpose whatsoever. Furthermore, the move will just impose more costs, both monetary and bureaucratic, on abortion clinics, ultimately forcing them to eventually close down, which was the goal all along.But there are even more disgusting, farther-reaching repercussions of SB 5   The bill overturns a St. Louis ordinance that prevented discrimination from employers and landlords against people based on their reproductive health decisions. To put it bluntly, if the bill is passed, women could be fired or evicted in Missouri for having an abortion, using contraception, or becoming pregnant while unmarried.The ordinance that was passed in February had its share of opposition. Archbishop Robert Carlson released a statement criticizing the passing of the ordinance as  a terrible moment for a city with such proud history,  adding The laws of the city of St. Louis now actively protect and promote the killing of unborn children. Thomas Buckley, general counsel to the Archdiocese, said the ordinance  promotes religious discrimination against those who don t want to be complicit in the evils of abortion.  He then took it a step further, saying The Archdiocese will not and cannot comply with this. We will go straight to federal court. That is not far removed from what they did. And they won. Soon in Missouri if an employer has a problem with a female staff member s use of contraception, which is about 99% of sexually active women between the ages of 15-44, their employment could be terminated and landlords could even deny them a home.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1062, Betsy Devos Just Put A For-Profit Credit Card Exec In Charge Of Federal Student Aid Program,"On Tuesday, Education Secretary Betsy Devos announced that she will appoint A. Wayne Johnson as the as Chief Operating Officer of Federal Student Aid on Thursday. In the press release put out by the Education Department, Devos cited Johnson s academic and professional achievements as Johnson s skills he is bringing to the department.<FSA currently serves 42 million student loan borrowing clients and administers more than $1.4 trillion in current outstanding Federal Student Loan balances.Reuters reports on the story saying: In last year s election, Donald Trump and other Republicans campaigned on  getting government out of the business of student loans.  Democrats want to stay on the path forged by former President Barack Obama, who moved student lending from the banks to the federal government.DeVos has taken on higher-education finances since being confirmed in February. She recently began rewriting rules on for-profit college debt and decided to put one company in charge of servicing loans. Wayne is the right person to modernize FSA for the 21st Century,  said Secretary DeVos in a press release.  He actually wrote the book on student loan debt and will bring a unique combination of CEO-level operating skills and an in-depth understanding of the needs and issues associated with student loan borrowers and their families. Wayne has worked previously in executive positions at TSYS, First Data, and VISA. He is also the founder and former CEO of First Performance Corporation. Wayne s corporate background has attracted the ire of financial sector watch groups. Allied Progress, a left-leaning anti-Wall St watch group says that Wayne will implement  policies that increase the odds students will default on their loans. This announcement comes just one month after Obama-appointed FSA CEO, James Runcie, resigned from his position as Education Secretary. When he resigned Runcie cited he could not take  the risk  of working in a department ran by Devos. Runcie also claimed that he could not accept Devos  policies that were redirecting critical funds within the department. I cannot in good conscience continue to be accountable as Chief Operating Officer given the risk associated with the current environment at the [Education] Department,  reads the resignation memo Runcie put out in May.This move is a continuation of the corporatization of the federal government that has been seen under the Trump administration. Devos herself has no actual background in education. Yet, she is Education Secretary because she allowed Trump to use her family s arena multiple times, for free, during both his primary and presidential election. The Devos family is also deeply embedded in conservative politics, usually of the Christian fascist variety. They are major donors to the GOP s war chest as well, having given up to a commonly cited total of $200 million dollars to the Republican Party.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1063, Dem Challenger To Paul Ryan Has Raised A Massive Amount Of Money In The Last 24 hours,"Randy Bryce, known as @IronStache on Twitter, launched a campaign to oust Paul Ryan from Wisconsin s 1st District. Bryce is a union ironworker who has been campaigning for all of one day, and he s already raised $100,000. That is a lot for a new face who s a Democrat living in Republican-land and running in a district that s gone to Paul Ryan every two years since 1999.Bryce isn t just a union ironworker in Republican-land, Wisconsin, though. He s an Army veteran who enlisted right after high school, and then worked his way up to being an ironworker through apprenticeship. His mother suffers from multiple sclerosis, his father is in an assisted living facility, and Randy himself is a cancer survivor. He s campaigning primarily on healthcare right now, and he says on his website: What Paul Ryan and the Republicans are doing to take health care away from millions of us, to make it cost more and cover less, and to allow the protections we ve gained to be stripped away   it s just unacceptable. Bryce has an uphill battle to fight. Ryan is very well-connected both in the 1st District and across America. However, Bryce will work to tie Ryan to Donald Trump as much as possible, working off Democrats  hopes that the Trump effect will help flip Congress next year.But it may not be that terrible a climg. Paul Ryan is already wildly unpopular around the country, with an approval rating below 30 percent. That could very well pull down his popularity in his own district. He s also starting to get a reputation for making every excuse in the book for Trump. Regarding obstruction of justice, Ryan lamely claimed that Trump is new and doesn t know what s appropriate and what s not when it comes to interacting with various agency heads, particularly those in the law enforcement and intelligence communities. Ryan gave him a pass as though he s a little child navigating his way through the world for the first time.He s also confident that Trump will approve of the massively unpopular GOP healthcare bill whatever form that ends up taking and once again blasted the ACA while claiming that their bill is ever so much better.Ryan is almost inextricably linked to Trump right now, and as Trump s base shrinks, so will Ryan s. What Bryce is doing and clearly, what many are hoping he can do is taking advantage of the possibility that a hole will open up in the 1st District because of Trump.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1064," Republicans Are Already Planning For Their Health Care Bill To Fail, Here’s Proof (DETAILS)","After already having several massive failures under their belts as a result of Donald Trump s presidency, it sure doesn t seem like the Republican Party has much faith in the Senate s health care bill.So far, the GOP s attempt at repealing and replacing Obamacare has been one disaster after another, and the latest report from CNN shows that they might be preparing to fail one more time. It turns out, Republicans are currently trying to protect Trump from the health care bill s backlash if it fails by distancing Trump from the legislation. CNN reports:But White House top aides also see the distance as a way to inoculate Trump from considerable blame if the bill fails, a nod to the President s low approval rating and waning political capital. No one knows the Senate better than McConnell,  one White House official said when asked about Trump s involvement, an acknowledgment that he is taking the lead. A Republican Senate aide agreed. This is a leadership bill, sink or swim. All credit and all blame stays in the Senate,  the aide said, adding this political reality:  This gives the President cover, in a sense, if it fails. Now, in all fairness, the GOP might have chosen to keep Trump far away from this health care bill because the more he s involved in something, the worse the outcome is. It s extremely likely that Republicans feel that Trump will either say or do something to mess everything up, and that s why they don t want him getting his little orange hands in it. However, from the White House s perspective, the Trump administration is more than okay with this bill s possible (and likely) failure falling on Mitch McConnell instead of Trump, whose approval rating continues to dwindle.The separation of Trump from the GOP health care bill is a telling one, and it s one that the Republicans have done on their own. They must be sensing that the bill is in trouble, and are taking precautions to safeguard Trump.Featured image via Mark Wilson / Getty Images",0
1065," WATCH: Maine Senator Pokes GOP Over Secret Healthcare Bill On Senate Floor, And It’s BEAUTIFUL","Senators are increasingly pissed off about the group of Republicans who are writing a healthcare bill in secret. They re supposed to vote on it very soon, Mitch McConnell is refusing to allow more than 10 hours of debate time to each party, and they don t like the idea of being forced to vote on something they haven t even seen. Sen. Angus King, an Independent from Maine, made a point of hunting for the bill right before launching into a speech about Medicaid.Right as he was recognized, he apologized and asked for a moment because he was still looking for the healthcare bill. The show he makes of doing that is perfect in light of the secrecy in which McConnell and his cohorts are busy working. Watch below:!! Angus King:  I m looking for the health care bill. I know it s here somewhere  pic.twitter.com/Cod92hySDP  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) June 21, 2017Other Senators are slamming McConnell et al in their own ways, too. Republican Pete King, of New York, threw a livid fit about it during a radio interview. He said that private meetings do have to happen, but there needs to be more public debate and he thinks it looks like they re trying to hide something. He said it s too secretive, which will put  a cloud over the whole final product. John McCain, another Republican, told Bloomberg that he hasn t yet seen the bill either. He also hasn t  met any American that has,  but he s sure the Russians hacked in and got most of it.And while most people aren t exactly thrilled with Cory Booker right now, he and a couple of his fellow Senators left the Senate building and tried hunting it down, including going over to the Congressional Budget Office to see if there was a copy there they could see.In other words, the GOP is really angering pretty much everyone with this. It s especially hypocritical given that many who are in favor of this kind of secrecy were angry about the ACA allegedly being written and passed in secret (it wasn t).Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1066," Republican Trashes Senate’s Health Care Bill, Accuses Them Of ‘Trying To Hide Something’ (VIDEO)","The Senate Republicans have attracted loads of criticism and backlash for being super shady and secretive while creating their latest version of the American Health Care Act   and rightfully so. This has taken place behind closed doors, with very little information being let out to the American public. Luckily, some GOPers are taking a stand against it.Rep. Pete King (R-NY) didn t mince his words as he railed against his fellow conservative lawmakers. In an interview with Long Island radio host Jay Oliver earlier today, King went off on Senate Republicans and accused them of  trying to hide something  in a blistering rant. King said: Listen, there has to be private meetings all the time, but I think there should be more public debate on it. It looks like they re trying to hide something and it does add to conspiracy theories and everything else. Oliver suggested that the secrecy of the Republican Party over this made it look like Senate GOPers were trying to do something  underhanded,  and King couldn t agree more. Proving that there are some Republicans who actually do have spines, King said: This looks too secretive. It s going to put a cloud over the whole final product Keeping America and other politicians in the dark is a bad move for Senate Republicans, and will likely result in failure. Many Democrats and GOPers are highly concerned about what s being done in these Senate meetings, and many are openly condemning the drafting process. You can listen to King trash the Senate below:King has spoken his mind before, many times against his own party. King trashed the GOP a second time today when it came to the victory of Karen Handel last night in Georgia s special election. While many GOPers were celebrating, King criticized Trump for his Twitter behavior, and told the tweet-happy POTUS don t bother tweeting. Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1067, Come Along On Cory Booker And Pals’ Field Trip To Find The Super Secret GOP Health Bill (VIDEOS),"By now, the entire nation knows that the GOP is operating behind closed doors in order to restructure a sixth of America s economy by dismantling the Affordable Care Act and replacing it with a massive tax cut for the rich disguised as a new healthcare law. Mitch McConnell, along with just a few other old white guys from the Senate GOP Conference, are going about this in complete secrecy. They have refused to let any Democrats at all see the bill, and even some of their own Republican colleagues are complaining that they have no idea what is in this piece of legislation. So, Senators Cory Booker (D-NJ), Chris Murphy (D- CT) and Brian Schatz (D-HI) had a brilliant idea: They d go find the bill themselves.The Senators piled into a cab with an unidentified driver with whom they tried to chat about healthcare, and took a trip down to the Congressional Budget Office, the non-partisan entity in Washington that scores major legislation to see how it will impact the economy and the lives of everyday Americans. Their quest was to get a copy of the bill, read it themselves, and release it to the public. They also livestreamed the entire field trip on Facebook Live. Here are the videos, via Cory Booker s Facebook:This was a very creative way for them to shine a light on exactly what dirty tricks the GOP is up to. However, the sad thing is that the Republicans don t care how much their fellow Senators shame them, and they certainly don t care how much their constituents shame them. Hell, they don t even care if the very people who put them in the United States Senate live or die. But, this is what the resistance is all about. It s pushing against powerful people trying to do horrible things to the nation, and making sure everyone knows what they are up to.Way to go, Senators! #RESISTFeatured image via video screen capture",0
1068, While Trying To Brag Trump Jr Accidentally Showed How Sexist Republicans Are And Now He’s Frantic,"Like father, like son, Donald Trump Jr. twitter account is getting him into a lot of trouble.The morning after Republican Karen Handel won the Georgia special election to fill in a vacant seat in the U.S. House of Representatives, Don Jr. was giddy and eager to brag about the win. Sidestepping the fact that Handel had to spend $18 million (two-and-a-half times her opponent!) to win a nailbitter in a district Republicans won by over 20 points just 7 months ago, Don Jr. chose to focus on the  historic  nature of the win: Karen is a woman.Karen Handel becomes 1st Woman Rep GA has sent to Congress. Still waiting for the glass ceiling stories, or do conservatives not get them?  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) June 21, 2017Unfortunately for Don Jr., his tweet shows the dangers of getting all your information from right-wing media. It s completely wrong.Handel is not the first woman representative Georgia has sent to Congress. Democrats have been electing women in Georgia for years. And Democrats elected the state s first congresswoman Cynthia McKinney in 2005. The  glass ceiling  was shattered in Georgia long ago   and by Democrats.Unintentionally, Don Jr gave America an opportunity to look at just how backwards the Republican Party is. As The Hill notes, the GOP is pathetically behind on gender equality for their elected officials.Handel will become just the 22nd GOP female lawmaker in the 435-member House, not including nonvoting delegates. Overall, there are 104 women in the House.In the Senate, there are 21 women, including five Republicans.Georgia has sent a handful of Democratic women to Congress, most recently Rep. Cynthia McKinney, who served one term from 2005 to 2007.Nine other states appear to have never sent a Republican woman to Congress: Arkansas, Delaware, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Dakota, Oregon, South Carolina, Vermont and Wisconsin.Republicans have yet to send a single woman to Congress in nine states. That s just sad. And waiting until 2017 to finally start to catch up shouldn t allow Republicans to get any  glass ceiling  points. This year they are particularly guilty. Republicans chose to stand by a man who had repeatedly sexually harassed women around him, bragged about it on tape, and later used sexist attacks against both his critics in the media and his opponent. They elected him president and continue to support him.Don Jr., having been humiliated for passing along the false information, decided to lie about it rather than just admit his mistake and move on. In a bit of shameless dishonesty his own father might blush at, he claimed the  Rep  in his tweet   universally understood to be short for  representative    really meant  Republican. How do we know it s a lie? Because his original tweet makes absolutely no sense if we replace  Representative  with  Republican.  As the above tweet illustrates, McKinney broke the glass ceiling   for all women in Georgia. A decade ago. Republicans don t get to shatter the already-shattered glass ceiling 12 years too late, much less celebrate it as a huge step forward in women s rights.Nice try, Don. Glad to see you re becoming your father s son!Featured image via David Becker/Getty Images",0
1069," Greedy Trump Cuts Takes Housing Money Away From The Poor, Protects Millions In Subsidies For Himself","Donald Trump s budget is all about punishing the poor while enriching himself.The whole problem with Trump keeping his various business enterprises in his family is that he can use the presidency to only support policies that help him and his family profit financially. And forget about Trump actually doing anything that would harm his own bottom line.Millions of Americans rely on housing aid to make sure they have a roof over their heads and the heads of their children.But that doesn t matter to Trump at all.You see, while Trump s budget makes massive cuts to housing and shelter programs that are designed to help the poor and the homeless, many of whom are also veterans, it protects a federal program that provides millions of dollars in subsidies paid to private landlords.According to the Washington Post,One of those landlords is Trump himself, who earns millions of dollars each year as a part-owner of Starrett City, the nation s largest subsidized housing complex. Trump s 4 percent stake in the Brooklyn complex earned him at least $5 million between January of last year and April 15, according to his recent financial disclosure.Meanwhile, Trump s budget cuts the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) by $7 billion. The federal program Trump personally benefits from only got cut by a mere half a percent, about $65 million.In short, while the low-income families face eviction and homelessness, Donald Trump and his family will continue drawing millions of dollars in income from the government despite owning several lavish homes, including a Trump Tower penthouse plated in gold.On top of that, Trump s healthcare bill would take healthcare away from millions of low-income families as well, which means that poor people will not have shelter or healthcare if Trump has his way.This is disgraceful and totally unethical. Clearly, Trump is designing his budget to enrich himself and his family while disregarding the needs of millions of Americans, many of whom voted for him.Americans should be outraged by this.Featured image via Mario Tama/Getty Images",0
1070, Trump Tells Democrats To Kiss His A** After Special Election And Internet Tells Him To Go F*ck Himself,"Donald Trump apparently expects Democrats to support his evil agenda just because a Republican won a race in a red state.The special election in Georgia s 6th district on Tuesday was tight but eventually went to Karen Handel by a mere five points.Democrats had an opportunity to take the House seat but Jon Ossoff fell short as Republicans employed dirty tricks in the final days of the race, including an ad blaming liberals and Ossoff for the Congressional baseball shooting in Virginia last week.Trump wasted no time gloating about the win.Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th. Fantastic job, we are all very proud of you!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 21, 2017Well, the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News, all the money spent = 0  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 21, 2017In reality, Trump and the Republicans dodged a bullet on Tuesday night, but Democrats ran a tough race and nearly pulled it off. The race was tighter this year than it was last time around when Tom Price won with over 60 percent of the vote.Nevertheless, Trump used the win to call for Democrats to support him and his agenda.Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on Healthcare,Tax Cuts,Security. Obstruction doesn t work!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 21, 2017Does anyone remember Republicans supporting President Obama and working with him after Democrats took complete control of Congress and won the White House in 2008? Because as I recall, Mitch McConnell and a group of other Republicans vowed to make President Obama fail before he had even been inaugurated and they proceeded to obstruct for the next eight years. I also do not remember Trump ever calling for Republicans to stop obstructing.All of a sudden, he claims obstruction does not work.And judging by the reaction on Twitter, Trump s message is not being well received.They re stopping you from giving tax cuts to the 1%, taking healthcare away from veterans, ruining our relationships, and hurting security!  Jules Suzdaltsev (@jules_su) June 21, 2017By the way, obstruction DOES work! Or have you literally passed no serious legislation whatsoever in the last 5 months?  Jules Suzdaltsev (@jules_su) June 21, 2017Working together isn t just agreeing with the GOP on everything. It is making changed so BOTH SIDES win.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) June 21, 2017The GOP obstructed Obama at every turn for nearly a decade. Now you want kumbaya?? Your hypocrisy and lack of context is staggering.  Aaron Gouveia (@DaddyFiles) June 21, 2017And you would do better as a president if you didn t insult & attack people everyday!  Alex Haditaghi (@Alexhaditaghi) June 21, 2017Translation: Democrats should help us screw over Americans on Healthcare they ll lose, Tax Cuts for the rich & Security that discriminates.  Rob (@RobCabrera) June 21, 2017Again, Handel won in a Republican district. That s what it comes down to. It wasn t a unique victory or even an unexpected one. But Democrats made it closer than it should have been and had a real chance to win. Democrats are chipping away at the lead Republicans have in their own districts and that is what should really scare them ahead of the 2018 midterm election. Because there s more than enough time between now and then for conservative voters to realize Trump is screwing them.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1071, Reporters Covering Inauguration Day Anti-Trump Protest Face 70 Years In Prison (VIDEO),"On January 20 this year, more than 230 people were arrested without warning in relation to the anti-Trump protests that took place in Washington DC. Now some of those involved face up to 70 years behind bars, including the reporters and photographers who were just trying to bring us the news.Heavily-armed riot police closed off an entire city block in Washington on the day of Donald Trump s inauguration, encircling the bulk of the protestors, however, the order to disperse never came, police just started arresting protestors. It didn t even cross my mind that was what was happening,  said independent photographer and videographer Alexei Wood.  I was waiting for an order of dispersal and the mass of people showed no sign of resistance when the police completely surrounded them. Almost all of the protests that took place that day went by without violence or arrests on a mass scale, with the exception of Black Bloc anarchists and anti-fascists clashing with police. Wood was unfortunate enough to be scooped up when police retaliated by firing rubber bullets and tear gas at the protestors, as well as launching concussion grenades into the crowd.When the smoke had cleared, more than $100,000 worth of damage had been inflicted on property, cars, and buildings, according to the U.S. Attorney s Office for the District of Columbia. The following day, more than 230 people, including Wood and several other journalists, were arrested for felony rioting, a charge that carries a statutory maximum sentence of 10 years in prison and a fine of $25,000, however, some were lucky enough to have the charges dropped.Things went from bad to worse for Wood and company when, on April 27, the Superior Court of the District of Columbia returned a superseding indictment giving additional charges to 212 defendants, three of whom hadn t even been previously charged. These new charges include urging to riot, conspiracy to riot and destruction of property and could see the defendants spending between 70 and 80 years in prison. Wood alone faces five felony property destruction charges and three felony rioting charges.Alexei Wood, based in San Antonio, Texas, focuses on social justice struggles and resistance movements in his work, but now he finds himself in the exact same position as those for whom he tries to do justice, stating that the implications of the defendants  cases  are humungous for striking fear into protesters. The state is not just going after window-breakers, which in itself may not be justified. Instead, the state seeks to criminalize dissent by indiscriminately arresting more than 200 people and imposing a slew of felony charges that carry the potential of decades in prison,  Wood continued.  But it also means if we re [journalists] too close to a newsworthy story, we could be facing more than 70 years. Wood posted live footage of the anti-fascist march on his Facebook page, the 42-minute video showing him complying with police orders, while at no stage suggesting that he took place in any violent acts. The livestream speaks for itself. It s right there for everybody to see. I love that it s there for everybody to see because I want individual people to see my work and make their own decision,  he said.  I think it s a very clear case. Take a look at the livestream and decide for yourself if the man filming it deserves to spend what could possibly equate to the rest of his life in prison.(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Anti fascist black bloc DCPosted by Lex Shoots on Friday, January 20, 2017Featured image via Kevin Dietsch   Pool/Getty Images",0
1072, Investigators Into US-Russia Ties Turn Attention To Flynn’s Business Partner,"According to a person interviewed by the FBI, U.S. investigators in the probe looking into former national security advisor Michael Flynn s Russian connections have now begun to focus on Flynn s former business partner Bijan Kian, although their interest in Kian has not been previously reported.Not only that, but they are also looking at whether payments Flynn and his company, the now-inactive Flynn Intel Group, received from foreign clients were also lawful, including payments from three Russian companies and Inovo, a Dutch-based company controlled by Turkish businessman Ekim Alptekin, according to two separate sources with knowledge of Flynn s business dealings.It is still unclear whether the FBI is targeting Kian as part of a criminal investigation or if they are trying to build a more comprehensive understanding of how Michael Flynn s businesses operated, as apparently, Kian played a central role in securing and overseeing the Inovo contract, according to the two sources. Furthermore, the FBI interviewee claims that agents from the bureau s Criminal Division enquired just as much about Kian as they did Flynn when it came to the topic of Inovo and their dealings with Alptekin. Both Kian and his lawyer, Robert Trout, have declined to comment, as have the FBI.The FBI has been investigating whether Flynn s consulting firm lobbied on behalf of Turkey after being paid $530,000 by Inovo, an amount they may not have properly disclosed. Elijah Cummings, the top Democrat on the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, who has also been looking into whether Flynn made false statements when applying for security clearance, has also expressed his interest in Kian. I have an interest in Bijan Kian and his interactions with General Flynn based on specific documents already obtained by the Committee,  Cummings said in an e-mail to Reuters.Kian also tapped into connections he made during his five-year tenure as a director at the U.S. Export-Import Bank to woo possible clients on behalf of Flynn, according to one former employee.Featured image via Mario Tama/Getty Images",0
1073," Trump Said He Could Easily End The Bloodshed In Chicago, A New DOJ Plan Doesn’t Even Mention It","Trump has repeatedly decried the gun violence that plagues the city of Chicago, along with other Republicans and NRA-types who claim that Chicago is proof that gun laws only serve to create more bloodshed. Yet, here is Jeff Sessions, creating a program to give more federal manpower to 12 cities to help them combat violent crime and Chicago isn t one of them.The 12 cities are:The absence of Chicago and another city with a huge violent crime problem, Baltimore, is a bit surprising. Earlier this year, Donald Trump compared Chicago to Afghanistan in terms of being a war zone, and threatened to  send in the feds  if Chicago officials were unable to stop the bloodshed. He also blasted the Chicago Police Department for  not doing the job: Maybe they re not gonna have to be so politically correct. Maybe they re being overly political correct. Maybe there s something going on. But a DOJ report blistered the CPD over its use of excessive force and routine violations of the constitutional rights of residents. This is particularly true for Chicago s black and Latino residents. Furthermore, Chicago s mayor, Rahm Emannuel, has repeatedly asked for more help from the federal government to combat these problems.There s one worrying thing about this plan, too: Are DOJ officials going to work with these cities to develop broken-windows policing techniques? That doesn t work   it just leads to a higher incarceration rate for ridiculously minor crimes. It also disproportionately targets the black community, making it an inherently racist policy.In the end, though, if Chicago is such a god-awful mess, and they want the help, then why wouldn t the DOJ put Chicago on this list? It s always possible that these 12 cities are testing grounds. However, it s also possible that they think they don t need to prioritize Chicago right now because they already sent 20 agents from the the ATF, and are considering reallocating federal prosecutors.A spokesman for the DOJ says that more cities will be added later in the year. The cities on this list will not receive more federal funding, per se, but they will receive agency experts and employees to work with their governments on developing strategies for how to best fight violent crime.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
1074, This Powerful Campaign Ad Announces A Serious Challenge To Paul Ryan’s House Seat (VIDEO),"Most people think of House Speaker Paul Ryan as completely safe in his seat. After all, he is seen as the GOP s Golden Boy (though those of us with our eyes open see him as a sociopath in a suit). Well, it seems that Ryan might not be so safe after all. Democrats have made large inroads into deep red districts in the recent special elections. We may not have won outright, but we really didn t expect to. But we made huge gains, slashing wins in districts carried by 20+ points by Republicans down to single digits. This is why it is so encouraging that Randy Bryce, a veteran and iron worker in Paul Ryan s Wisconsin district is running to take the Speaker s seat.Bryce released a powerful campaign ad that shows him to be a working class citizen who is connected to his community. Also featured in the ad is Bryce s mother, who has multiple sclerosis. She talks about all the drugs she is on, and how she doesn t know what will happen if she cannot take her medication. This woman is representative of so many sick people around the nation, and it is sure to resonate with many people. It also features a clip of Paul Ryan s infamous,  Everybody doesn t get what they want,  line when he was talking about repealing the Affordable Care Act.Paul Ryan is a callous, heartless bastard, and Randy Bryce may very well be able to expose that fact. Hopefully, Bryce s powerful message will force Paul Ryan into early retirement.Watch this amazing ad below:Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1075," Ivanka Trump Sends Out #WorldRefugeeDay Tweet, Gets Stomped On By Twitter Users Everywhere","Ivanka Trump decided on Tuesday evening to send out a tweet in honor of World Refuge Day, and once again, she apparently forgot who her father is. On #WorldRefugeeDay we remember the plight & courage of the 22 million+ refugees globally. We must work to restore peace & end this crisis,  she wrote, seemingly oblivious to the cruel and bigoted stance her own father has taken against refugees.On #WorldRefugeeDay we remember the plight & courage of the 22 million+ refugees globally. We must work to restore peace & end this crisis. https://t.co/CMMn8zno10  Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) June 20, 2017Not surprisingly, Twitter users everywhere were ready to remind Ivanka that her father has made it his mission to ban refugees from entering the United States as part of his unconstitutional Muslim Ban.Your father retweeted this, hon. Your own father. pic.twitter.com/AsZWgge4XL  Iskandrah (@iskandrah) June 20, 2017I mean yeah, you re right but based on everything you and your dad have done I guess I would just say shut up?  Ken Tremendous (@KenTremendous) June 20, 2017Please tell me this is a joke.  Impeach Donald Trump (@Impeach_D_Trump) June 20, 2017 By going to the Supreme Court to ban them from AmericaIf you care, DO SOMETHING, because like your purses, were just not buying this  Orli Matlow (@HireMeImFunny) June 20, 2017But not too hard, and definitely lets not open our doors to them. pic.twitter.com/vakBX4YLb0  AMBER (@NineteenPercent) June 20, 2017So have we figured out  what the hell is going on  then?  Justin (@JustinDecker) June 20, 2017R u kidding me, ur father is trying to get a travel ban to keep refugees out. This just makes me laugh stay at home with ur kids. WH NOT 4 u  RUTKRU (@MSKRUM) June 20, 2017Oh the irony.  Alan Davis (@Socialism4Jobs) June 20, 2017Did you just lap yourself in the race for most self deluded? pic.twitter.com/OQBVRmubPj  Dana Resigns (@frreigns) June 20, 2017 We remember the plight and courage of the 22M+  Sadly remembering them is ALL you re doing.  Elaine (@emac66) June 20, 2017When you say  WE must work,  who exactly are you talking about?  Jerry Mathers (@HandsAtlanta) June 20, 2017This is a joke right? I mean you know @POTUS , your father, disagrees with this and is attempting to block all refugees, right? Right?  Paul Dickinson (@prdickinson) June 20, 2017Are these the same refugees your daddy wanted to keep out of our country? #Complicit  Mandy E (@amandaJeberly) June 21, 2017Are you serious right now?! You tweeting you care about refugees while your father is actively screwing them   pic.twitter.com/PxF1IGmUMw  AE ?????? (@iamchefapple) June 20, 2017Sorry, Ivanka. No one is buying it. Your words are empty and hollow, just like your father s soul. You had to see this response coming, right?Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1076, John McCain Completely Embarrasses His Own Party With STUNNING Admission About Russia And Healthcare Bill,"It s hard not to feel that John McCain, after 30 years in the Senate, is tired of it all. On Tuesday, he made an admission that s sure to piss off Mitch McConnell, Donald Trump and the rest of the GOP Congress, and I m sure he doesn t care.McCain was asked whether he was one of the few to see the super-duper secret Republican Senate healthcare bill. His answer was  no,  but that wasn t even the stunning part (and in a normal world, it would be a stunning admission). It was what he said next, even if it was an off-the-cuff joke, that really highlights the state of today s Republican politics.(No, he hasn t seen the bill and)  Nor have I met any American that has,  he added, according to Bloomberg.  I m sure the Russians have been able to hack in and gotten most of it. Source: The HillMcCain is not happy. He, and the rest of the Senate, are expected to vote next week on a bill they ve never seen. Note that these are some of the same people who say Obamacare was rammed through Congress with no debate, when in fact, the bill was debated and amended for over a year before becoming law. While the legislation was lengthy, every member of Congress and every American would have been able to read it before its passage. This isn t the case with the bill put forth by the Senate, which is presumably so bad that they re afraid to let even fellow Republicans see it.McCain s also not happy with the fact that Russia is freely hacking into our government. Even if Trump isn t somehow complicit, he certainly doesn t seem to give a rat s ass about it nor does he want to solve this national security threat. Instead, he pretends to bury his head in the sand. Even if that s not collusion, that s a violation of his oath of office.At least McCain, unlike most of his GOP brethren, knows that even when you refuse to see (or show) evil, evil exists. Now it s time for him to get on board with impeaching Trump.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1077," Nazi’s Bodyguard Stabbed 9 Times After Trump Rally, Doesn’t Have Insurance","A bodyguard to a much-reviled white supremacist picked a fight outside a Trump rally and was stabbed nine times as a result. Now he needs medical treatment and (despite working as a bodyguard) doesn t have health insurance to help with the costs.Tony Foreman, bodyguard to notorious racist and rabid Trump fan,  Baked Alaska  (or Tim Gionet, if you prefer to use his real name), was stabbed by two men on Saturday after picking a fight with two men, Edgar Khodzhafaryan, and Arsen Bekverdyan, in the parking lot.According to  Baked Alaska  the bodyguard, a member of white wing extremist group the Oath Keepers, was attacked  for being white in Los Angeles  and because of his allegiance to The Donald. The police, however, say the attack was not tied to race or political ideology but rather to the argument, which was not related to either.Interestingly, as Republicans work overtime to take healthcare away from millions of Americans like Mr. Foreman, his Nazi supporters are complaining that he lacks insurance. They even set up a  medical fund  on fellow white supremacist Charles Johnson s crowdfunding site, which eats up about 25% of the money raised in fees (compared to GoFundMe s 8%).According to Santa Monica police spokesman  Lt. Saul Rodriguez, the dispute began when the not-so-friendly white nationalist made a comment to the suspects which led to an argument. Everyone got out of their vehicles and a fist fight began. Ultimately, the bodyguard was stabbed. Rodriguez says that there is  nothing here that would lead us to believe it was targeted or a hate crime or anything like that    no matter how much the  alt-right  screams that he was attacked for being a cracker.Nevertheless, the Nazi wing of American politics is quite sure that this happened because Foreman is white:Anti-Trump and anti-white violence is escalating in the United States of America. From eggs, to fists, to bike locks, and now knives, everyday Trump supporters seem to be in real danger in their own country.It s unfortunate that he picked a fight and got himself stabbed, but the victim mentality on the Right needs to end.Featured image via screengrab",0
1078, Investigators Reveal How Ex-DNC Staffer Likely Died And It Has Nothing To Do With Hillary Clinton,"If you pay attention to right-wing media, and some on the left, Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee are not only cheating right-wing socialist sore losers, they are murderers.The legend is that Seth Rich, who was a Democratic staffer, was murdered by Clinton and the DNC because he allegedly leaked the infamous DNC emails to Wikileaks. Sure, it makes absolutely zero sense that they would try to silence someone who allegedly already said all he wanted to say, but that didn t get past the far-right and the far-left. The murder was covered up, according to conspiracy theorists, to make it look like a botched robbery where nothing was taken. Now, it looks like Rich was murdered by a serial killer. According to Newsweek:The researchers believe there was just one shooter. That shooter could have been a serial killer or serial murderer, according to the report, which uses the FBI s definition for an offender who kills two or more people in separate events.  With such a sanitized crime scene and no emotional indications,  the report says,  this is not Offender[ s] first kill. Investigators brush off the idea that it was a murder for hire because professionals typically do a better job.As for the conspiracy theories, the Profiling Project says those are unfounded, given that Rich did not die immediately at the scene:  A professional killer, whose sole job would have been to terminate Seth, did not accomplish their mission prior to escaping. If this were a professional hit person, they failed,  says Doherty, the team member.  Nothing we ve seen supports [the theory of] an assassin. Of course, conspiracy theorists won t be satisfied. Hillary Clinton s White House win just had to come from nefarious means. Oh wait, Clinton isn t in the White House. Instead, every intelligence agency in this country thinks Trump is in the White House because of at least partially nefarious means and even he isn t being accused of murder.Featured image via Twitter.",0
1079, Supreme Court To Hear Major Wisconsin Gerrymandering Case,"In a case that could have far-reaching consequences on the outcome of future elections, the US Supreme Court agreed on Monday to rule on whether electoral maps that are deliberately drawn to favor a certain political party, a process also known as gerrymandering, are constitutionally acceptable.Last November, the state of Wisconsin appealed a lower court ruling that state Republican lawmakers violated the constitution when they created legislative districts that put Democrats at a disadvantage and now the Supreme Court is going to hear their case. The state s argument was that the recent Wisconsin election results favoring Republicans  is a reflection of Wisconsin s natural political geography  with Democrats concentrated in urban areas such as Milwaukee and Madison.A panel of federal judges in Madison ruled 2-1 that the state s Republican-led redrawing of legislative districts amounted to  an unconstitutional partisan gerrymander,  violating the US Constitution s guarantees of equal protection under the law and free speech by sabotaging Democratic voters  abilities to turn their votes into seats in Wisconsin s legislature.The Supreme Court has ruled state electoral maps invalid based on grounds of racial discrimination, such as it did with North Carolina on May 22, when the power of African-American voters was diminished statewide due to Republican legislators drawing two electoral districts. However, they ve been reluctant to throw out maps that give one party a distinct advantage over the other. Until now that is. Wisconsin s gerrymander was one of the most aggressive of the decade, locking in a large and implausibly stable majority for Republicans in what is otherwise a battleground state,  said redistricting expert Thomas Wolf of the Brennan Center.  It s a symptom of politics going haywire and something that we increasingly see when one party has sole control of the redistricting process. If the Supreme Court finds the state of Wisconsin at fault, it could affect congressional maps in about half a dozen states and legislative maps in about 10 states in the short term, but the long term effects are still unknown. State and federal legislative district boundaries are redrawn every decade to hold roughly the same number of people after each census, the next being in 2020.The original court ruling that the state is appealing ordered the redrawing of legislative boundaries to be in place by November 1, in time for the 2018 Wisconsin state election.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1080, Disgusting Trump Super-PAC Uses Obama’s Voice To Help Steal Election,"Republicans are panicking over today s special election in Georgia, which pits Democrat John Ossoff against Republican Trump sycophant and woman who politicized the Susan G. Komen Foundation, Karen Handel.In a normal year, this district wouldn t be competitive at all. But this isn t a normal year. We have the least popular president in our history in office and he happens to be dragging the rest of the party down with him   at least that will be the argument if Ossoff manages to win the squeaker election.Because the election is being seen as a referendum on Trump, a Trump Super-PACs are aggressively targeting voters with some pretty awful tactics, including associating Ossoff with the gunman who shot Rep. Steve Scalise during a baseball practice. Another Trump Super-PAC is using President Obama s voice to mislead voters into voting against Ossoff.Great America Alliance, which calls itself the  largest and most effective pro-Trump Super PAC,  took a passage from Obama s book  Dreams From My Father  to use it against Ossoff. The passage describes Obama s first haircut after arriving in Chicago to become a community organizer.Obama s barber, named Smitty, speaks in the passage of the racial and political tension in Chicago before the city elected Harold Washington as its first black mayor in 1983, and the neglect African Americans felt from the Democratic Party at the time.In the paperback version of the book, Obama directly quotes Smitty s words. In the audio version, Obama reads them aloud.Source: Washington PostOnly instead of using the real meaning of the passage, Great Alliance turned it on its head as a way to get African-American voters to not vote for the Democrat.In the ad, an African-American man named Autry Pruitt says,  Hi, my name is Autry Pruitt, a fellow black American working hard every day, just like you. It may seem out of season, but all of a sudden, Democratic politicians have started coming around again. We normally only see them every other November, swarming around and making promises to get our vote. But nothing ever changes for us, does it? Here s what President Barack Obama had to say about it. Then, President Obama s voice comes on with the out of context quote: A plantation. Black people in the worst jobs. The worst housing. Police brutality rampant,  Obama says.  But when the so-called black committeemen came around election time, we d all line up and vote the straight Democratic ticket. Sell our souls for a Christmas turkey. Then Pruitt tells listeners not to  sell out for another Christmas turkey. Here it is:Don t sell out for a #ChristmasTurkey. The time for change is NOW! #GaPol #GA06 pic.twitter.com/DrKiwbUUVQ  Great ?? Alliance (@TrumpAlliance) June 13, 2017The real passage, though, had nothing to do with the Democratic Party. Instead, it laments a time before Chicago elected its first black mayor, Harold Washington.The misinterpretation is so blatant that Politifact ranks it a  pants on fire  lie.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1081," REPORT: Trump In Panic Mode, Doesn’t Want To Be President Anymore","Donald Trump s White House is the leakiest in living memory. This is because the people around him understand that he is incompetent and never should have been president in the first place. They simply work there to hold things together, not because they like it. Working for Donald Trump is the hardest job in Washington these days. To make that worse, Trump is increasingly volatile due to the fact that he now realizes just how much trouble he could be in over the Special Counsel investigation into Russia.When a Trump adviser was interviewed for a Politico article on the Russia scandal and Trump s flirtation with ordering the firing of Special Counsel Robert Mueller, naturally at one point a comparison to President Richard Nixon s  Saturday Night Massacre  was made. However, it might be Nixon s ghost that keeps Trump from doing it. It seems that the orange wannabe president is not oblivious to how Nixonian people think he is. It has also been pointed out that many lawyers in the modern day Department of Justice likely would not do Trump s bidding, no matter how many people he fired. Brian Fallon, formerly of the Obama Justice Department and the Clinton campaign says of the situation: I think the Watergate scenario would make most self-respecting lawyers loath to put themselves in the role that Bork ended up playing. Most career-minded independent lawyers that have high regard for the Justice Department as an institution would be loath to be the modern-day equivalent to Bork. An unnamed adviser to Trump says that Trump is definitely aware of what such actions would look like. From Politico:But Trump, too, is cognizant of the comparison to Nixon, according to one adviser. The president, who friends said does not enjoy living in Washington and is strained by the demanding hours of the job, is motivated to carry on because he  doesn t want to go down in history as a guy who tried and failed,  said the adviser.  He doesn t want to be the second president in history to resign. Of course he doesn t want to look like a loser to the entire nation and world. Trump only got himself elected to prove that he could do it. He never actually wanted the job, or even believed he could do it. He just wanted to prove everyone wrong and sit in the Oval Office like some kind of king, lording over everyone. However, he is quickly learning that the federal government is not the Trump Organization, and that he is not above the law. The best thing that could happen is for the whole administration to wind up in prison for treason, and we get a new election and elect someone competent to run this great nation.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1082, WATCH Sean Hannity Humiliate Himself For 2nd Night In A Row With LUDICROUS Russia ‘Conspiracy’,"What is up with Sean Hannity lately? Last night, he asked whether there would be outcry if a theater company put on a play in which an Obama lookalike was killed, completely ignoring or forgetting the fact that that very thing happened in 2012. Tonight, though, in pushing his point that the Russia investigation is just one huge witch hunt, he made a truly ridiculous comparison to another conspiracy theory.Hannity was trying to defend his lord, hero, and savior, Donald Trump, by complaining about the Russia investigation to Jay Sekulow, part of Trump s legal team. He asked Sekulow whether he thought the whole Trump-Russia  conspiracy  was like birtherism.Seriously. Watch below:Sean Hannity just defended DONALD FREAKING TRUMP by comparing the  Russia conspiracies  to  birther conspiracies Can t make this shit up pic.twitter.com/rrjulSuRaO  Andrew Lawrence (@ndrew_lawrence) June 20, 2017Yes, you just watched Sean Hannity try to make the Russia scandal sound as empty and vapid as all of the quests to prove President Obama wasn t a natural-born citizen of the U.S., even though Obama proved them wrong. The Russia scandal and birtherism aren t comparable at all for a lot of reasons.Hannity even promoted the birther conspiracy on his show, going so far as to tell Obama to  show the birth certificate. Get it over and done with,  and asking why the White House wouldn t release it.So he should know all about it. But since when do facts actually matter to Sean Hannity?Featured image via Rob Kim/Getty Images ",0
1083, New Poll: Trump Is Making Others More Popular – But They Aren’t Who You’d Think (DETAILS),"There s a new Gallup poll out showing that Donald Trump can, in fact, make other people popular. However, the people this poll refers to aren t Republican lawmakers. They aren t conservative television personalities. They aren t people working in the White House. The people gaining popularity because of Donald Trump are Barack Obama and George W. Bush.Obama s popularity has remained fairly steady since the final months of his presidency, and it s considerably higher than Herr Trump s at 63 percent. Nearly every demographic has a highly favorable opinion of Obama, including all age groups, and both men and women. Republicans are the only group with which he doesn t poll well, but that s not shocking. They re still convinced he was secretly the Muslim Kenyan communist socialist anti-Christ that ruined America.Surprisingly, George W. s popularity has soared since Trump took office. He s currently sitting at 59 percent overall. Among Democrats, who are supposed to loathe W., his popularity has shot up a whopping 400 percent, to a 41 percent favorability rating.Just Democrats view W. more favorably than everyone views Trump. That s really embarrassing for a man who considers his poll numbers to be more important than terror attacks in London and seven dead sailors aboard the U.S.S. Fitzgerald.Furthermore, Republicans are worried that working for Trump will damage their reputations. Many Republicans have turned down job offers in the White House, and they re making it hard for Trump to fill key posts. While Trump yells about Democratic obstruction on nominees, he hasn t nominated anyone to fill a lot of those posts.Of course, the administration claims that everyone wants to work there, but what can you expect from someone to whom lying is second nature?Trump can crow about the Rasmussen poll all he likes, and trash President Obama all he likes. He s just making everything harder on himself with his inability to act like an adult.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
1084, Airlines Push Back On Trump’s Racist Agenda In A Major Way (DETAILS),"Donald Trump s presidency has given rise to an amount of discrimination, hate speech, and racism that most Americans were honestly shocked to discover was hiding in the shadows of our country. Fortunately, many of Trump s most disgraceful ideas   such as his Muslim travel ban   have been getting smacked down repeatedly, even when he tries to amend them. Now, it seems that Trump s racist agenda is suffering another blow, and it s airlines that are standing up to him.The Wall Street Journal reported that Homeland Security s plan to track foreigners that are boarding international flights is getting shut down by airlines across the U.S. who refuse to pay the costs of the expensive technology to comply with Trump s recent orders.The plan involves using cameras to track passengers, and the government has spent over 20 years developing them. The reason behind the cameras, which the airlines are supposed to pay for, was to avoid the  astronomical  costs that would involve placing border agents at every single international airport. However, airlines aren t interested in this  national security function  and are resisting it. One airline official said: Right now, there is no benefit to us. We re not interested in adding another 10 minutes to the boarding process. The procedure is called  exit-tracking , and the technology includes cameras that are able to biometrically track passengers  faces. While Congress has been developing this system for over twenty years now, Trump has fast-tracked the system by recently signing an executive order (probably because he can t get his Muslim travel ban to succeed). This system seems right up Trump s ally, who can t seem to accept the fact that the biggest terrorist threat to the United States is white conservative men with guns   not foreigners. Either way, we re glad that airlines are pushing back against this.Featured image via Scott Olson / Getty Images",0
1085," Democrats Go To War Over Health Care, Hold Senate Floor In Protest (VIDEO)","On Monday evening, Democrats held the Senate floor in protest of Trumpcare, the cruel GOP bill that would strip millions of their health care. The American Health Care Act has been kept secret since it hit the Senate, with only 13 Senators working on the bill. Most of the other senators, including both Republicans and Democrats, have not even been able to lay their eyes on the bill and have no idea what they are being asked to vote on.Republicans want to vote on the bill as early as possible and intend to keep the plan secret until they are sure they can push it through. Democrats are crying foul and demanding that Republicans post the bill online and give the American people 30 days to review it before a vote is held.It is estimated that if the AHCA were to pass, more than 23 million people would lose their health care. The bill guts protections for those with pre-existing conditions and is especially cruel to the elderly, who would find their premiums skyrocketing. Make no mistake, if Republicans  repeal and replace  Obamacare with Trumpcare, people are going to die. Lots of them.Senator Elizabeth Warren posted live video of Senate Democrats waging war against Trumpcare on the Senate floor. At the time of this writing, they had held the floor for more than three hours. You can watch her video feeds below:To the Democrats fighting for the health care of the American people, we say thank you.Featured image via video screen capture",0
1086, Newt Gingrich Revealed The Incredibly Entitled Reason Trump Ran For President; You’ll Be Furious,"Newt Gingrich has been one of Donald Trump s most vocal cheerleaders, but in a new book, he threw his President under the bus by revealing the real reason Trump ran for President, and it s far worse than you think. Trump clearly thinks the presidency is a toy that he could buy because it s more fun than buying a yacht. His response was priceless,  Gingrich writes in  Understanding Trump,  in an excerpt published by ABC News on Sunday.  After a moment of thought, he said,  $70 [million] to 80 million: that would be a yacht. This would be a lot more fun than a yacht!   He also noted how Trump ran his campaign like a corporation    ahead of schedule and under budget. Describing a phone conversation he had with Trump after the South Carolina primary in February 2016, Gingrich said the presidential candidate said he was indeed under budget.  At the tail end of our conversation, he jokingly said,  By the way, I know you said I needed to spend $80 million, but I ve only spent $30 million. I feel kind of bad,    Gingrich quoted Trump, who won the South Carolina primary, as having said.Source: MarketWatchThat explains a lot. It explains why Trump is woefully unprepared to be president. It also explains why he seems to think the office is his ticket to getting even richer.Trump doesn t read. He doesn t pay attention to National Security Briefings unless his name is plastered all over the briefings, preferably with pictures.Nearly every meeting he s had with a world leader has been a disaster. He s offended all of our allies and he s helped accomplish the Russian goal of destabilizing the country. He also has the most corrupt presidency in history.While Trump might be having fun after spending less than he might have spent on a yacht, it s clear his presidency comes at the expense of the American people and of our reputation as the world s largest superpower. In other words, he s playing a very scary game and he simply doesn t care.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
1087, The White House Has Gone Dark And CNN Is NOT Having It,"White House press briefings have gone completely dark. Sean Spicer and Donald Trump s press team are either skipping daily briefings altogether or they re holding them, but with no video and no audio.Jim Acosta, CNN s top White House Correspondent, might not be able to broadcast the press briefings, but he took to Twitter and let the White House have it.WH briefing about to start. We re told we cannot use video or audio from this  gaggle.  So I took this pic before going in. Shh don t tell. pic.twitter.com/7GcZjJIriS  Jim Acosta (@Acosta) June 19, 2017The Spicer off-camera/no audio gaggle has begun. I can t show you a pic of Sean. So here is a look at some new socks I bought over the wknd pic.twitter.com/wO9erspwYa  Jim Acosta (@Acosta) June 19, 2017Make no mistake about what we are all witnessing. This is a WH that is stonewalling the news media. Hiding behind no camera/no audio gaggles  Jim Acosta (@Acosta) June 19, 2017Call me old fashioned but I think the White House of the United States of America should have the backbone to answer questions on camera.  Jim Acosta (@Acosta) June 19, 2017No wonder Acosta is pissed, with this:At off camera no audio briefing, Spicer took a question from a Russian reporter but not from CNN. #pravda  Jim Acosta (@Acosta) June 19, 2017And for the inevitable Trump tweet calling CNN  fake news, We are real news Mr. President. #realnews  Jim Acosta (@Acosta) February 18, 2017The White House will find and is finding that shutting out the American media is a huge mistake. Trump is managing to make enemies of the news media. Not only that, keeping Americans in the dark is a sure fire way to turn Americans against Trump as his administration falls under further and further scrutiny. While questions over whether Trump colluded with Russia surround the White House, their refusal to answer questions for the American people is certainly not making them look innocent.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images.",0
1088, Donald Trump Humiliates Himself With Panama Leader; Panama And Twitter Humiliate Trump (VIDEO),"As is the norm for Donald Trump, it s clear he did absolutely no preparation for his Oval Office meeting with Panama President Juan Carlos Varela. During the photo-op, in an apparent struggle to find some sort of common ground, Trump seemed to take credit for building the Panama Canal   a canal that was built about 100 years ago and was arranged to be given back to the Panamanians during the Carter administration. Twitter and even Varela couldn t let that slide.That part of the exchange was rather short. Trump, in his usual boasting fashion, said: It s our great honor to have President and Mrs. Varela from Panama. We have many things to discuss. We re going to spend quite a bit of time today. The Panama Canal is doing quite well, I think we did a good job building it. Varela responded with just four words:  One hundred years ago. Trump didn t appear to hear it: We did a very good job. But things are going well in Panama. The relationship has been very strong. We are developing new things to do and only getting stronger. And our   also friendship with the President is very, very good. Here s the video:The canal was finished more than 100 years ago, in 1914. The 71-year-old Trump had to have studied that in elementary school, right? Twitter thinks so:I can see why Trump thinks he built the Panama Canal because it was built by underpaid minorities.  Seth Goodtime (@SethGoodtime) June 19, 2017I agree. The man has no clue. He thought Pavarotti was still alive, A Jackson hated the civil war and that the US alone built Panama Canal  Wendy Watts (@MsWdw58) June 19, 2017I have done more than any POTUS.Panama Canal Moon landing Pyramids of Giza Gravity Jesus#yourewelcome #panamacanal pic.twitter.com/PvSZVGiNsQ  UnpresidentedAF ?? (@UnpresidentedAF) June 19, 2017Thanks Van Halen for spotlighting the Panama Canal back in the 80s. Otherwise, would be in much worse shape today. https://t.co/3W7dFUVuTH  Colin Boyd (@colinpboyd) June 19, 2017In response to the Bowling Green Massacre, President Andrew Jackson hired Donald Trump to build the Panama Canal to keep out the Australians  Marie Connor (@thistallawkgirl) June 19, 2017Trump just took credit for building the Panama Canal. Now he s pissed off the ghost of Teddy Roosevelt.  John Fugelsang (@JohnFugelsang) June 19, 2017Yes, great job building the Panama Canal using mostly foreign labor. And only 28,000 of them died!  Fogheart (@aaroncovfefe) June 19, 2017Some pointed out that the canal really isn t doing that well:#WellActually the Panama Canal is seriously undersized for the cargo ships being produced today and about to be completely rebuilt  Conner Clark (@conbonjovie) June 19, 2017Trump s latest gaffe may be factually true. The United States did build the Panama Canal, but it clearly demonstrates BLOTUS s intellectual laziness (or stupidity). For contrast, here s what President Obama said to Varela when they met two years ago:Well, I just want to thank President Varela and the entire team, and the people of Panama, for the incredible hospitality. I had a chance earlier to visit the Panama Canal for the first time and saw the extraordinary progress that s being made in the new development that will be completed next year. It s really a symbol of human ingenuity, but also Panama s central role in bridging the two continents and bringing the hemisphere together.And I congratulated the President not only on what I m certain will be a successful summit, but also the extraordinary progress that Panama has made economically, the transparency and accountability that his government has shown. Panama is a proud democracy, and its ability to engage in elections and peaceful transfers of power I think is a symbol of the progress that s been made throughout the hemisphere over the last several decades.And as President Varela noted, we are great partners on a whole range of issues   security, the economy, education   and we had an excellent discussion about how we can further deepen those ties.Source: White House ArchivesIn other words, Obama did his homework and actually learned a little something about a country before meeting with its leader. Trump, on the other hand, thought  Panama  and pulled the one word he could think of out of his ass. That word was  canal  and for Trump, it s pretty evident that that s all Panama is.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images ",0
1089, Trump Cares More About His Businesses In The Middle East Than The American People,"Donald Trump is no stranger to doing business in the Middle East, yet for some unknown reason, he could never quite crack the Qatar market. Sure, he had been dealing in the hotel business with the Saudis for at least two decades and has his name on quite a few golf courses in the UAE, however, no matter how hard he tried, business deals in Qatar always seemed unattainable for him.Now a feud between these three Gulf nations broke out on June 5, when Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Arab allies all broke off trade, travel and diplomatic relations with Qatar as punishment for what they said was its support of terrorism. Many scholars, however, believe that the fallout is the result of a struggle for power and autonomy, but it didn t take long for Trump to throw his support behind the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia in the dispute; the two countries out of the three where he has business interests. Trump said his reason for backing Saudi Arabia and the UAE is that Qatar is a  funder of terror at a very high level,  but was this his only reason?The Pentagon and the State Department have a different opinion on the issue to the alleged president, with the secretaries of defence and state trying to encourage unity against a common enemy in ISIS by staying completely neutral on the topic of Qatar, but unlike Donald Trump, the Pentagon and the State Department don t have personal assets in the area. That s right, Trump is the first U.S. president in 40 years to maintain private business interests after entering the White House and many critics believe maintaining a business empire will skew the president s ability to make rational diplomatic decisions that truly are for the good of the people. Trump may have signed his business empire over to his sons at a press conference in January, but as the Director of the Office of Government Ethics warned, stepping away from management without giving up ownership does not diminish his financial incentives or conflicts Other countries in the Middle East see what is happening and may think,  We should be opening golf courses  or  We should be buying rooms at the Trump International,  said Brian Egan, a State Department legal adviser under the Obama administration.  Even if there is no nefarious intent on behalf of the president or the Trumps, for a president to be making money from business holdings in sensitive places around the world is likely to have an impact. When the trouble between Saudi Arabia, UAE and Qatar kicked off, Dana Smith, the American Ambassador to Qatar, retweeted a Treasury Department article praising Qatar for cracking down on extremist financing, which you can read below.This is so important, I'm sharing it again. Great partnership, real progress to counter terrorist financing. #Qatar https://t.co/yjnEg2IJlF  Dana Shell Smith (@AmbDana) October 26, 2016Not long after Smith s tweet, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson urged Qatar  to be responsive to the concerns of its neighbors,  while also adding,  We call on the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt to ease the blockade against Qatar. Then there s Trump s response. He was completely in favor of the blockade the second it started, declaring on Twitter that his visit  was already paying off  and he continued to defend it even after Tillerson had called for it to be eased, saying that  The time had come to call on Qatar to end its funding  of terrorism. Remember, this is the man who said of the Saudis back in 2015 that he likes them because they buy apartments from him.  They spend $40 million, $50 million. Am I supposed to dislike them? I like them very much. It s not just the purchasing of apartments that Trump has to thank Saudi Arabia for   In 1995, Donald Trump sold the Plaza Hotel to a partnership consisting of a Saudi prince, the same prince that paid $18 million for Trump s yacht in 1991 and a Singaporean investor. This $325 million deal on the Plaza enabled Trump to escape a default on his loans.So next time you hear Trump weigh in on the Middle East, ask yourself if he is thinking of the safety of the American people or his own back pocket.Featured image via Chris Kleponis-Pool/Getty Images",0
1090, A Van Struck Down Muslims In London,"A horrifying incident took place in the early hours of Monday morning in Finsbury Park in London.A van plowed into a group of Muslim worshipers as they were leaving prayers at a pair of North London mosques.Yep   you read that right. A terrorist attack has happened in London against Muslims. This incident follows two recent terrorist attacks in London in which vehicles have been used as weapons, both on bridges over the Thames River. So far this attack has left one person is dead and 10 others injured. This is being treated as a terrorist attack,  said Metropolitan Police Deputy Assistant Commissioner Neil Basu told reporters. He added that the driver of the van was arrested on suspicion of murder.According to the Washington Post, witnesses said the driver of the vehicle was heard shouting that he wanted to kill Muslims.Thankfully, the driver didn t get away. The Washington Post reports that Abdulrahman Aidroos and his friends were attending to an elderly man who had collapsed on the ground when suddenly he saw a man in a van driving  straight into us. When the driver of the van jumped out of the vehicle and tried to run  I tackled him on the floor until the police came,  Aidroos told the BBC.  When he was running, he said  I want to kill more people, I want to kill more Muslims. It s absolutely appalling and to think another human being has done this.Though it s clear there s something wrong with this attacker, we need to stop fear mongering when it comes to Muslims. The worst has now happened as a result.Muslims are entirely separate from ISIS just like the KKK is separate from the Christian church. Just like Nazism is entirely separate from Germans. There are bad people   evil people   in the world. But attacking innocent people won t stop the problem or rid the world of evil. It just hurts innocent people and their loved ones.We need to stop being so divided and scapegoating other people. That won t solve any problems   it ll just create new ones.Featured Image by Carl Court/Getty Images",0
1091," Sean Hannity Goes Apesh*t Over Trump As Caesar AGAIN, Gets Torn Apart Over HUGE Mistake (TWEETS)","It s crystal clear that nobody can accuse Sean Hannity of knowing what he s talking about, particularly over Twitter. Tonight, he got into a heated exchange with conservative writer Ben Shapiro over the suddenly-controversial depiction of Trump as Julius Caesar, because in Shakespeare s play, Julius Caesar gets assassinated.Hannity seemed to enjoy chants of  liberal hate kills,  after another Trump-loving protester rushed the stage at the play, and Shapiro called him out on his hypocrisy over that. Hannity responded by calling him stupid in one tweet, and then again with this little bit in which he made a complete fool of himself:Really, who s the stupid one here? The same theater company that did this play did have an Obama lookalike as Caesar in 2012. Other parallels have been drawn between Shakespearean characters and politicians, too: For instance, Henry V seemed to depict George W. Bush. There wasn t anything like the outcry we re seeing with the Trumpian Caesar.And Twitter is busy pointing all of this out with glee:                The manufactured controversy could be due to the right s ongoing persecution complex. They latch onto anything that makes them look like it s them against the world, like the world is out to get them. It s absolutely ridiculous in the face of real persecution.This tweet may get deleted and it may stay up. Hannity isn t really known for admitting when he screwed something up royally like this. Kind of like his hero, Trump. He s more Trumpian every day.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images/screenshot",0
1092," Trump Is Trying To Discredit Bob Mueller, And Here’s How","With the news dropping that supposedly Trump isn t under an investigation for obstruction of justice, we re all scratching our heads. Especially since Trump admitted he s under investigation himself.ABC This Week with George Stephanopoulos has an idea of what s going on. The President wants to take down Bob Mueller. His lawyer wants to take down Bob Muller and the question is why? And I think the answer is they wanna lay the foundation to discredit whatever Bob Mueller comes up with,  Stephanopoulos said in a video posted on Twitter.Given that Trump himself has admitted on Twitter that he is under investigation and that it s a  witch hunt , it sounds like a very plausible answer.Stephanopoulos goes on to say that  They re essentially engaging in a  scorched-earth  litigation strategy that is beginning with trying to discredit the prosecutor. He closes the video by saying that Mueller is just doing his job and is only just getting started, so we shouldn t just automatically dismiss Mueller or that Trump is being investigated.Stephanopoulos has a point. It does seem likely that Trump and his team would try to cover an investigation up. They don t want the public to know   it would damage his reputation (not that he has a glowing one in the first place).Why shouldn t we believe what Trump tweets? He knows what he s tweeting. Why shouldn t we believe the other sources?An excerpt of  This Week  shows Pierre Thomas, ABC News Senior Justice Correspondent saying  Now, my sources are telling me he s begun some preliminary planning. Plans to talk to some people in the administration. But he s not yet made that momentous decision to go for a full-scale investigation. If that s the case, it s possible that Mueller is backing off on the idea of investigating Trump. Why?Obviously, something is going on behind the scenes. Stephanopoulos may have just given us the real answer.Photo by Lorenzo Bevilaqua/ABC via Getty Images",0
1093, WATCH: GOP-Friendly PAC Creates SICKENING Link Between Georgia Democrat And Scalise Shooting,"A PAC that claims to support  principled conservative candidates that will lead the fight to restore constitutionally limited government, free markets, and individual liberty to our Republic,  has released an ad in Georgia that appears to link Democrat Jon Ossoff to the shooting of House Majority Whip Steve Scalise and left-wing violence in general. They call themselves the Principled PAC, they re acting on behalf of Republican Karen Handel, and if they can put an ad like this together, they re anything but principled.They call the left unhinged, and claim that the left endorses and applauds shooting Republicans. Then it implies that Ossoff supports such behavior by saying: When will it stop? It won t if Jon Ossoff wins on Tuesday, because the same unhinged leftists cheering last week s shooting are all backing Jon Ossoff, and if he wins, they win. It ends with calling on people to vote for Karen Handel:This is the worst example of politicizing a tragedy there is. It s so much worse than conservatives screaming  moar gunz,  every single time there s a shooting. And Ossoff is sickened by this. He has already responded by saying: The man is fighting for his life. I think it s disgraceful to politicize it, and I think Secretary Handel should call for it to come down. You have a national tragedy that has united people. There are still [two] who are in critical condition. It s just got no place in an attack ad. A spokeswoman for Handel called it shameful, and said that the so-called Principled PAC should be ashamed of itself. She did not call for the ad to come down, though, as she ought to.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images ",0
1094, Arizona Republican Says College Kids Make Elections Unfair – Unveils Despicable Plan To Stop Them,"It s an old story: A demographic won t vote Republican, so Republicans find ways to prevent said demographic from voting instead of figuring out what they can do to get that group to vote for them. An Arizona Republican is once again engaging in this nonsense by claiming that college students unfairly influence elections because they register to vote where they go to school, and not where their permanent addresses are.Bob Thorpe s claim is that the votes of college students  dilute the votes of full-time residents  in local elections. Thorpe represents Flagstaff, which is home to Northern Arizona University. Republicans had a difficult time holding their seats in that particular district. What Thorpe wants to do is prohibit students from using their dorms or other college addresses from registering to vote.Thorpe tried to spin his voter suppression tactic into something positive with this absolutely transparent lie: [This proposal will ]address several problems with voting in Arizona s college communities while ensuring that voting rights are preserved for all Arizona voters. Preserving voter rights for all Arizonans. Ha!There s a problem beyond the obvious one of voter suppression: Thorpe makes no mention of other part-time residents who flee colder states to reside in Arizona for six months out of the year. One bloc of part-time residents is okay, another is not. While snowbirds might maintain two permanent addresses one in one state and one in Arizona Thorpe doesn t seem to have a problem with them  diluting votes  of permanent residents. Snowbirds,  as they re called, tend to vote Republican, and they tend to vote against things like budget overrides for the educational system, since they don t want to pay for an education system that doesn t include their children.College students, on the other hand, tend to vote Democratic and education budget questions (along with everything else educational) affect them directly. Both Tucson and Tempe home to the University of Arizona and Arizona State University respectively are heavily Democratic. Flagstaff leans red but could go either way.So Thorpe, like other Republicans who would rather cheat that change their policy positions, decided that the problem is the college students not voting where they ought to be. He wants to make it so they have to register with their permanent addresses, and then get their ballots mailed to their college addresses.That kind of thing could discourage them from voting, in addition to preventing them from voting for people and things that directly affect them while they re in school. It s time for Republicans to figure out why they aren t reaching certain demographics and stop trying to force those demographics out of the electorate.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1095, Trump Says He Doesn’t Have Any Investments In Russia — He Must’ve Forgot About This One,"A new report from the New York Times reveals that Trump renewed trademarks in Russia, which contradicts this claim that he does not have any investments in Russia. Apparently, Trump owns a number of unused registered trademarks in Russia that are left over from a failed attempt to expand his hotel empire into the Russian Federation in 1996 and 2007. Trump has repeatedly sworn that he does not have any investments in Russia. On Twitter, he wrote back in January,  Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA   NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING! Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA   NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 11, 2017Except, these trademarks are intellectual property owned by the Trump Organization. Which means that Trump can lie as much as he wants, the fact remains that he does have investments in Russia. The trademarks were renewed   get this   on November 8, 2016, election day. The day which I assume future generations may come to know as the official expiration date for our democracy. There are six trademarks that were renewed in total. The New York Times reports that: Despite their inactivity, the Trump Organization sought extensions for the trademarks from Rospatent, the Russian government agency in charge of intellectual property. In a series of approvals starting in April 2016 and ending in December, Rospatent granted new 10-year terms for the trademarks, the agency s records show. Under normal circumstances, renewing trademarks in Russia is generally a routine matter, and there is nothing to suggest from the few public records available that Mr. Trump was shown favoritism. Still, extensions are not guaranteed and can be subject to challenge   particularly if, as in this case, the trademarks went unused for years, according to interviews with a half-dozen lawyers specializing in intellectual property law. It seems hard to believe that the Trump Organization would bother going through with re-registering the trademarks if Trump or his spawn do not plan on conducting (more) business in Russia in the future. The Intercept has been running an effort to document every possible connection between Trump s more minor henchmen and Russia. So far, the results are staggering. It appears that there are major conflicts of interest with Russia at every level of the Trump administration. This just adds more fuel to an inferno that might end up burning the Trump administration down. As the investigation into Trump s connections with Russia continues, it becomes more evident every day that Trump and his cronies have a lot of reasons to keep Vladimir Putin happy. Even if that means the man who campaigned vehemently on supporting  America First  policies, is putting himself and his company s profits, ahead of the nation he is supposed to be leading.Featured image via Wikimedia Commons",0
1096," White House Gives Up Trying To Control Trump, Lawyers Are Ready To Quit (TWEETS)","Ever since his presidential campaign, Donald Trump has proven himself to be a loose cannon that no one can control. Trump s administration should have known better than to try and reign him in, and to have any hopes that he might be able to restrain himself once he won the election. Perhaps they would be handling his behavior better now, instead of abandoning the disgraceful POTUS.At the moment when Trump s Russia scandal is exploding and he needs his team more than ever, the White House has had it with Trump s incriminating Twitter rants. They once tried to control Trump in various ways such as keeping his schedule tight and only feeding him pro-Trump news, but now they re letting Trump do whatever the hell he wants. To make this even worse for the abandoned man baby in the White House, his lawyers are also at their wit s end. Because no one is controlling Trump, he s become impossible to defend as he continues to make his scandals worse.Gabriel Sherman stated:This basically seals the deal   Trump is going down. Not that his team has ever been very successful at keeping him level-headed, but now that they re deliberately taking a hands off approach, he is doomed. His lawyers cannot possibly compete with the amount of damaging tweets Trump puts out every week, proving to the world that no one can take him down better than the man himself. Trump is an absolute nightmare for a legal team, as he repeatedly sabotages all efforts to mend his scandals.No one should be surprised that this is how Trump s administration is going down. The entire staff is made up of incompetent people who can t stand up to Trump   and he knows it. The administration was dysfunctional from day one, and proved unable to reach Trump and convince him that shutting up was his best option. Now, Trump is left to his own devices with attorneys who don t even know how they re going to save him anymore.Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",0
1097, WATCH: Media Critics Tear Megyn Kelly Apart For Spreading Alex Jones ‘Virus’ To Her Viewers (VIDEO),"Critics are calling former Fox News host, Megyn Kelly s upcoming interview with the conspiracy theorist and noted lunatic, Alex Jones on her new home at NBC an act of irresponsibility to the public. Or, as the panel of media critics on CNN s Reliable Sources put it, Jones is a virus and Kelly is giving him the opportunity to create a viral outbreak of bullshit political positions. Maureen Ryan, Variety s chief television critic, argued that the context of the interview was a major factor in determining the quality of the programming. She asserts that Jones is certainly worth educating people about but feels the format is all wrong. Ryan explains: I just think the context in which this coverage takes place is really important. If you were telling me that NBC was doing an hour-long documentary on the rise of this kind of disinformation media empires, I would say that s great. This is important to take into consideration, both as a media critique and as a talking point to those who wish to decry the media s admonishment of Kelly and NBC as simply being part of a conspiracy to shut out so-called  truth-tellers  like Jones.  A talking point that is both in vogue with the alt-right and quite lazy, if I am being honest.   I don t think giving Alex Jones 15 or 16 minutes to simply spin his views and to spin his media image is the way in which to attack this,  Ryan went on to add.  Megyn Kelly has not proven herself to be the kind of dogged interviewer that would be able to make a meal of this. Kelly s entire career could be used as a citation for this claim, though Kelly s recent pathetic interview with Russian President Vladimir Putin does a great job of summarizing her consistent failings as a news celebrity (I m incapable of referring to her as a journalist at this point). The show s host, Brian Stelter, mentions one defense of NBC s airing of the interview that came from NBC. The defense, according to Stelter, is that:  terrorists and child molesters and serial killers have been interviewed on television. It s actually quite sad to hear such vapid analysis from a major broadcasting company like NBC, if not surprising. Obviously, there is a defense between the likes of Jones and the rest of the scary cadre of deplorable individuals that are mentioned, those types of people are almost always automatically viewed as illegitimate by audiences. It s hard to imagine Jones on the other hand, as stacking up to these types of criminals. As nutty as Jones is, he sounds sane, if not by much from a left-wing perspective, when compared to a terrorist spokesperson. Stelter goes on to speculate on whether the current political climate is playing a part in people s anger towards Kelly and NBC.: Alex Jones is a virus. There s maybe a fear of spreading that virus more fully on a big network. If it bleeds it ledes,  goes the journalist cliche. While an interview with Jones likely won t lead to blood spilling, it will get people to tune in to view the verbal carnage. This interview is going to be very profitable to NBC. It should be remembered by all, that NBC is a corporation and their obligations are to turn a profit, which even in dark times we are in still appears to trump their obligations as a member of the fourth estate.You can watch the segment below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
1098, Embarrassing: Watch Trump Attorney Gets Grilled Over Lying About Investigation (VIDEO),"The question as to whether Donald Trump is being investigated by special counsel Robert Mueller or not was answered definitively by Trump himself via a tweet he posted on Friday morning. That s why Jay Sekulow, a key member of Trump s legal team, confused the world when he insisted that Trump is in fact not being investigated by Mueller on Sunday.While making his rounds on the Sunday morning political talk show circuit, Sekulow told NBC s Meet the Press host, Chuck Todd,  the president is not and has not been under investigation for obstruction.  After dropping this nuclear-grade contradiction, Sekulow was forced to defend his position to multiple members of the press. One interview, which aired on Fox News Sunday was particularly brutal for Sekulow. The show s host, Chris Wallace, qualified the reality of the situation well when he said,  Oh boy, this is weird.   He takes the action that [the Attorney General s office] recommended and now he s being investigated by the Department of Justice. He s being investigated for taking the action that the attorney general and deputy attorney general recommended him to take by the agency who recommended the terminations!    You ve now said he is being investigated after saying [he isn t],  Wallace observed.   No, he s not being investigated!  Sekulow shouts at Wallace.   You just said he s being investigated,  Wallace said.  At this point, Wallace is not putting up with Sekulow s inconsistencies.    Sir, you just said two times that he s being investigated,  the Wallace fires back.  And he s not just being investigated for firing Comey, there s also what he said to Comey when Comey was still the FBI director.  Sekulow then claims that Wallace is putting words in his mouth, insisting that he has been  crystal clear  about his assertion that Trump is not being investigated. Sekulow then tries to play of his contradiction as nothing more than him speaking on the  legal theory of how the Constitution works.  He then accuses Wallace of rephrasing what he is saying.Of course, this is all complete nonsense. That s why Wallace responds confidently, saying,  I didn t rephrase it. The tape will speak for itself; you said he is being investigated. You can watch the interview below. Featured image from video screenshot",0
1099, Obama Shows Trump What A Classy Father’s Day Message Looks Like After Trump’s Twitter Meltdown,"Donald Trump has been consumed with a seething anger and frustration lately that s slipping into everything he does. This week, his Twitter messages rose to an even more disgusting level of vitriol as the scandals and crimes his administration has perpetuated continue to come to light. On Father s Day, a time most Americans were taking as an opportunity to honor and remember their dads, Trump was on Twitter lying about Obama.The new Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election, just out with a Trump 50% Approval Rating.That's higher than O's #'s!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 18, 2017This is in line with what sources are telling reporters. According to aides, Trump is barely coherent, ranting at television screens and mad at the people investigating him.Trump advisers and confidants describe the president as increasingly angry over the investigation, yelling at television sets in the White House carrying coverage and insisting he is the target of a conspiracy to discredit   and potentially end   his presidency. Some of his ire is aimed at Rosenstein and investigative special counsel Robert Mueller, both of whom the president believes are biased against him, associates say.Meanwhile, former President Obama   whose popularity has only risen since handing the office over to Trump   put on a masterclass of how to handle a simple Father s Day tweet. (Hint: Instead of ranting and raving, try talking about the positive relationship you have with your kids.)Of all that I've done in my life, I'm most proud to be Sasha and Malia's dad. To all those lucky enough to be a dad, Happy Father's Day! https://t.co/ya1YAJignC  Barack Obama (@BarackObama) June 18, 2017The contrast is telling. Trump is most proud of an (outlier) poll saying he s at 50% approval. (His real number is closer to 38%.) Obama is most proud of his kids, Sasha and Malia.And lest Trump supporters think Obama is only doing this now that he s retired   here s how Obama marked Father s Day last year while president.Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there. Glad to be spending this one with my family in Yosemite. https://t.co/SaNJgmoIK1  President Obama (@POTUS44) June 19, 2016Trump has yet to mention Father s Day at all.One final point that is sure to make Trump furious: Obama s message of love and affection for his family was retweeted by 35,000 people as of this writing. Trump s unhinged rant about Obama s poll numbers got a measly third of that.Say it with me: Love trumps hate.Featured image via Olivier Douliery- Pool/Getty Images",0
1100, WATCH: Joy Reid OWNS Trump In Less Than 30 Seconds For Claiming To Be More Popular Than Obama,"Joy Reid rained on Donald Trump s parade on Sunday morning, and it was glorious.Earlier in the morning, Trump declared on Twitter that his poll numbers are better than President Obama s and posted about how Rasmussen, a conservative leaning polling firm, has his approval rating at 50 percent.The new Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election, just out with a Trump 50% Approval Rating.That s higher than O s # s!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 18, 2017Well, AM Joy host Joy Reid quickly destroyed Trump with a smile and some snark. Trump also tweeted about his poll numbers this morning, citing a new poll that puts his approval rating at 50 percent and saying that s higher than O s numbers,  Reid said before pointing out that Trump is obsessed with Obama.  Obsessed with President Obama much?  she continued.Reid then noted that other polls have Trump s approval rating much lower than Rasmussen. In fact, his rating is the lowest in history. The only poll showing Trump at 50 percent was Rasmussen, which Reid trashed. See if you can spot the outlier,  she asked the audience.Here s the video via VidMe.Donald had better see someone quickly about that burn.But it s even worse for him because his claim is not even close to being accurate. As it turns out, President Obama s approval rating on June 18, 2009 was 55 percent. And the polling firm that reported that finding happens to be Rasmussen, the same polling firm Trump is bragging about now. And last time I checked, 55 is still bigger than 50. That means Trump s claim that he has a higher number than Obama is totally false.Reid is right about Trump being obsessed with President Obama. Trump has tried to destroy Obama s legacy at every turn and he is constantly claiming to be a better president even though he has been a complete disaster for this country. Trump legislative record is laughable since the only bills he signs are minor ones that designate buildings and other little things that don t really matter. He has not signed a single piece of major legislation yet, and he is been in office over 100 days already.Mostly, he has been signing executive orders, which Trump and conservatives repeated whined about Obama doing. Trump is on pace to sign more executive orders than Obama ever did. Furthermore, Trump is also on pace to take more vacation days and play more rounds of golf in a single year than Obama ever did.Trump is an embarrassment to this nation and his poll numbers are only going to get worse once his supporters begin to truly realize that they have been duped.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
1101, Trump Gets HUMILIATED After Declaring His Poll Numbers ‘Higher’ Than Obama’s,"Donald Trump got hilariously owned on Twitter again.On Sunday morning, Trump took a break from playing golf to post a Twitter rant. First, he bragged about his presidency.The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt. Many new jobs, high business enthusiasm,..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 18, 2017 massive regulation cuts, 36 new legislative bills signed, great new S.C.Justice, and Infrastructure, Healthcare and Tax Cuts in works!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 18, 2017And then he insanely declared that his poll numbers are better than President Obama s.The new Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election, just out with a Trump 50% Approval Rating.That s higher than O s # s!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 18, 2017As you can see, Trump used a poll taken by Rasmussen, which notoriously leans to the right-wing. Plus, it s the only poll that shows Trump s approval rating being this high. All of the others show Trump s approval rating at historic lows.But Trump is not only embarrassing himself by ignoring the other polls, he s wrong about having higher numbers than President Obama.At this time in his presidency on June 18, 2009, Rasmussen took a poll and found that 55 percent of Americans approved of how President Obama was doing his job.That s not even true. On June 18, 2009, Obama had 55% overall approval, with 35% strong approval. You can check here https://t.co/Ug3LolDloS pic.twitter.com/4ShoOt3kzD  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) June 18, 2017So Trump is either lying or he is bad at math. Or both.Of course, Twitter users mercilessly mocked Trump for it.Dude Rasmussen is a right wing org lol  Ken Klippenstein (@kenklippenstein) June 18, 2017Rasmussen constantly has the highest approval rating for you. If you look at other polls your numbers are much lower https://t.co/U01aLAGEub pic.twitter.com/aI6ESllrw3  Ken Klippenstein (@kenklippenstein) June 18, 2017Obama typically has 3 to 4 times as many twitter likes for his tweets. Has about 3 times the followers. (Even without the fakes)  Robert Belcher (@bobbelcher) June 18, 2017Even though that s way higher than the real figure (37%), 50% is still *TERRIBLE* for a recently elected president!  Jules Suzdaltsev (@jules_su) June 18, 2017Every other polls says 35-40%. Also, since when was Obama s 55% rating lower than 50%. Can you do math even?  Impeach Donald Trump (@Impeach_D_Trump) June 18, 2017He s the  so called commander in chief   that just lost seven sailors, and he s tweeting about ratings instead? SAD!  Tom Woodward (@topcattcw) June 18, 20177 US servemen are dead & you re tweeting about approval rating pollsResign  Emailz (@eimzkavanagh) June 18, 2017.@RealDonaldTrump is lying to the American people. Data from this date in June 2009   same poll   shows Obama 55% https://t.co/pNtHAx9qTW  West Wing Reports (@WestWingReport) June 18, 2017Fake news. Try again. June 18 2009. Obama approval at 55%. That s by your pals @Rasmussen_Poll. Bigly accurate. pic.twitter.com/1vE7R8hNbD  Aled Phillips (@aledsavedlatin) June 18, 2017It was 62% when he left office in January. Math is hard for the Donald  SheBikesLikeABoss (@heather0415) June 18, 2017Rasmussen says more strongly disagree than strongly agree with Trump  Chris (@MrMurder37) June 18, 2017pic.twitter.com/VT2cBUqw0z  Cody Keenan (@codykeenan) June 18, 2017Featured Image: Pete Souza/White House",0
1102, Trump’s Legal Team Directly Contradicts Him On The Investigation Yet Again,"Despite his tweets, apparently Trump isn t being investigated for obstruction of justice, according to Jay Sekulow, a member of Trump s legal team.On Friday morning, President Trump tweeted:  I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt. I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 16, 2017According to NBC, Sekulow was adamant that Trump is not under any investigation on NBC s  Meet The Press . Let me be clear here,  said Jay Sekulow, a member of the president s legal team.  The president is not and has not been under investigation for obstruction. Sekulow goes on to say that Trump was actually responding to news reports of an investigation.Funny, because that s not what it sounded like from Trump himself. Surely the President of the United States knows how to be clear in his official White House tweets. The tweet from the president was in response to the five anonymous sources purportedly leaking info to the Washington Post,  Sekulow said, referring to the Washington Post s report that Special Counsel Robert Mueller s investigation into Russian interference in the election, now also includes a look at whether President Trump attempted to obstruct justice. He s not afraid of the investigation   there is no investigation,  Sekulow said, adding,  there is not an investigation of the President of the United States, period. Ah but Sekulow first said  He s not afraid of the investigation , that implies something else entirely. It sounds like Trump and his team are working to cover up an investigation and have it become hush hush and forgotten about.We all know Trump tells it like it is on Twitter,  covfefe  or otherwise. Trump doesn t know when to shut up or keep his mouth shut. Unfortunately for him there s only so much his team can do. Or try to do.Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla, also noted on NBC s  Meet The Press  that  one thing we ve learned from the testimony of multiple people now is the president is pretty fired up about this  and doesn t believe that he did anything wrong. The president  wants people to say that,  he said.If that s the case, again I ask: what does Trump have to hide then?Featured image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
1103, Watch Malcolm Nance WIPE THE FLOOR With Breitbart Editor In Bill Maher’s Overtime,"The bright side of the Russian/Trump investigation, if you can find one, is that a lot of political stars are being born. Al Franken, while not a newbie to most, is separating himself from the chaff, as are Adam Schiff, Kamala Harris and a handful of other Democrats. One major rising star, though, isn t a Democrat at all   he s a former counter-intelligence officer. He considers himself a Colin Powell Republican and if he were to run for President, there s little doubt he d be a force to be reckoned with, regardless of party.After Friday night s Overtime with Bill Maher (the part of the show that s on YouTube instead of on TV), Nance confirmed his badass status when he stood up to Breitbart Editor in Chief, Alex Marlow, demanding an apology for a story that ran a few years ago that resulted in death threats to Nance and his family.On the subject of fake news, which Marlow tried to redefine as a liberal invention, Nance said this: There was this article about a 35-year counterterrorism expert who claimed they wanted Trump Tower attacked that was written in Breitbart,  Nance began.  I got 31 death threats and that came from your website you gonna apologize to me? Marlow responded that he respected Nance and his service to the country, but Nance shot back by saying,  Your followers threatened my family, my children, my wife. The Breitbart chief tried turning the tables.  Are you really suggesting that Breitbart doesn t get death threats? That our lives aren t put in danger? Marlow claimed he didn t remember the story, but if Nance would show it to him, he d apologize. Apparently, Marlow hasn t heard of the Google.Nance responded that he will  come to (his) office and see that retraction. Marlow then called Nance, who is incredibly calm,  hysterical,  which seems to be the go-to insult for anyone speaking out against the Trump administration.Here s the video:Featured image via video screenshots",0
1104, Newt Gingrich: Somebody Is Going To Jail Over Russia Probe But It Won’t Be Trump (VIDEO),"Former Speaker Newt Gingrich is convinced that  somebody  is most likely going to wind up in jail when the investigation into Russia s interference in our election is done, but he doesn t think Donald Trump will be the one who ends up behind bars. They re going to get somebody. I don t think they re going to get the president, but they re going to get somebody, and they re going to get him for something. And they re probably going to go to jail,  Gingrich told Fox News on Friday.According to Gingrich, what is playing out right now in the U.S. is no different than an old  western movie. This is like watching an old-fashioned Western movie. This is an Indian hunting party,  Gingrich said.  They re out looking for a couple scalps, and they re not going to go home until they get some. Special counsel Robert Mueller was already investigating Russia s election meddling and the possibility (or more correctly, the probability) that Trump s campaign was in collusion with the Kremlin. But on Wednesday, following the bombshell testimony of fired FBI Director James Comey, it was announced that Mueller is also investigating Trump for obstruction of justice.So far, Mueller has reportedly brought in 13 lawyers to assist with the investigation and intends to hire even more. Gingrich said this is a sure sign that somebody is going to have to take the fall. Mueller simply has too many  high-powered  attorneys to just go home  without a scalp.  Somebody is going to have to go down, Gingrich insisted.Earlier in the day on Friday, Gingrich had tried to claim that it is impossible for a sitting president to obstruct justice, therefore, Trump is innocent. Apparently, he forgot that as a member of Congress he voted to impeach Bill Clinton for obstruction of justice.Watch:Featured image via T.J. Kirkpatrick/Getty Images",0
1105, Trump Fan Debates 12-Year-Old And HUMILIATES Himself (VIDEO),"One of Donald Trump s favorite morons   you know, the  poorly educated  as he calls them   managed to pick a fight he couldn t win with a 12-year-old boy outside a city council meeting in Huntington Park, California on Tuesday.The boy had just finished speaking to the city council when an angry man wearing a Trump flag asked him if he was an American. I was born here, but I am also half-Mexican,  Joseph Moreno replied. Then Mr. MAGA learned that typical talking points he and his exceptionally stupid friends regularly throw at people on Twitter don t work when the target is twelve.Calling the preteen  brainwashed,  the Trump follower began angrily demanding to know if the boy, who (once again) is twelve, if he can vote in Mexico. So you can vote over there?  the man asks. I. Am. Twelve. Years. Old,  the kid says, emphasizing every word as though he was talking  to a Trump voter (oh, wait, he was).  I can t even vote here if I wanted to. Can you vote over there,  the man repeated. I can t right now because I m 12,  the kid replies.This is just one gem in a treasure trove of stupid, which you can watch below if you need a good laugh:(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));MUST WATCH! love this boy so much!  . He gave an amazing speech at the podium at Huntington Park City Council Meeting. Mark my words.. he is a future leader!  ?? Posted by Veronica Tomas on Tuesday, June 6, 2017",0
1106," Snowflake Trump Actually Screams At White House Televisions, Proving He Is Mentally Unfit To Be President","Donald Trump is literally the old man who yells at his television set. Only he is doing it in the White House every time a certain story airs.As Trump confirmed on Friday morning, he is under investigation for obstruction of justice as well as for his role in Russia s interference in the 2016 Election.I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 16, 2017That s right. Clearly, Trump is the leaker he has been complaining about all these months.As we all know, Trump s mental health has been a hot topic since long before Election Day. And now that Trump has been in office for five months, we can say for sure that he is mentally unfit to be president. Even the Army field manual says that Trump has no business being commander-in-chief of the armed forces.For instance, Trump has outbursts of anger and is obsessed with promoting himself. He makes unfounded accusations and attacks anyone who criticizes him. He lies constantly and makes promises he does not keep. He also lacks self-control and is incredibly selfish and hateful while taking paranoia to whole new level.And now we are learning from Trump s own advisers that whenever news about the Russia and obstruction of justice investigations appear on any television inside the White House, Trump stops and yells at it and rants about how he is the victim of a conspiracy.According to the Associated Press,Trump advisers and confidants describe the president as increasingly angry over the investigation, yelling at television sets in the White House carrying coverage and insisting he is the target of a conspiracy to discredit   and potentially end   his presidency. Some of his ire is aimed at [Deputy Attorney General Rod] Rosenstein and investigative special counsel Robert Mueller, both of whom the president believes are biased against him, associates say.Can you imagine being an employee at the White House just sitting there minding your own business and all of sudden this senile old man walks up and starts yelling at the television just because a certain story is on? That has to be scary and worrying. And it should definitely worry the American people enough to call for Trump s ouster. Trump should be in a retirement home where he can get medication and restricted television access, not the White House.Featured image via David Becker/Getty Images",0
1107, School Employee Calls For Killing LGBTQ People At Pride Festival (VIDEO),"An employee of the Columbus City School system made a post to Facebook on Thursday, where they called for a  Boston Marathon like  attack at a local Columbus City LGBTQ pride festival. The poster wrote on the event s official page: I hope this event turns out like the Boston Marathon a few year s (sic) back. All [LGBTQ people] should be killed or at least relocated. Both the local police and Homeland have been made aware of the threat and are looking into the matter.A local NBC affiliate contacted the individual who made the post and questioned his motivations. The individual refused to say why he posted the hateful message and responded that they did not have anything to say about the matter. The school district quickly responded to the news by issuing a statement where they called the comments  inappropriate.  The school district released a statement the next day where they announced that the poster was being terminated from his position.    I can share that the District is working toward his termination. More importantly, we are gearing up for an even larger contingent of teachers, staff, students, families[,] and allies planning to march together at tomorrow s Pride Parade. We are expecting well over 400 people   upward of 500 now as people positively respond to the immediate actions we took as a District following this employee s unacceptable actions,  the statement reads. Despite recent legal gains such as the SCOTUS decision that made marriage equality the law of the land, hate crimes that target LGBTQ individuals have been on the rise. In fact, 2016 was declared the deadliest year on record for LGBTQ people according to data that was compiled by analysts. The report also cited the recent political climate as a major contributing factor in the rise. When Republicans are in charge, the queer community also suffers heavily.  You can watch a video report on the story, below, in full.Featured Image: Photo by Chelsea Guglielmino/Getty Images with NBC 4 Video screenshot added",0
1108, Christians Can Now Discriminate Against LGBT Parents Hoping To Adopt In Texas (DETAILS),"It is now possible for religious adoption agencies in Texas to reject LGBT+ parents from adopting children.The Daily Caller reports that Republican Texas Gov. Greg Abbott signed a bill on Thursday allowing faith-based foster care and adoption agencies to deny LGBT parents. This law, HB 3859, effectively protects faith-based agencies from being sued for choosing not to place children with any sort of LGBT+ couples.First of all, why is religion even playing a role in adoption? Children need a loving home and if parents are able to provide it, why does it matter who they are or who they re with? LGBT+ parents are just as capable as heterosexual, cisgender couples.Democratic opponents of the bill pointed out that it s a redundant law but supposedly it s a  step further  in preventing a couple from suing a faith-based agency if they re rejected. They also believe that it may allow for the use of religion as a tool of discrimination against LGBT and non-Christian parents. Such an imbalance of rights not only could leave these children worse off than they are now, it opens the door to blatant discrimination against children and loving parents who might not share the same beliefs as some foster care providers,  Democratic State Sen. Kirk Watson said when the bill was brought before the state Senate. Of course, it s going to be used as a tool of discrimination! Why else was this bill written up? Certainly not for the welfare of the children.According to The Daily Caller, the author of the bill State Rep. James Frank, claims it would not only defend the rights of religious agencies but also help solve the housing crisis that plagues the foster and adoption systems.Republicans argue it s necessary to prevent the loss of faith-based agencies where some have already ceased operations due to the risk of being sued for operating according to their religious beliefs.You think?Again, I ask, why is religion even involved in the foster care system? It s an outrage and it s disgusting. It s another tarnish to the Christian faith.Featured image via Rodger Mallison/Fort Worth Star-Telegram/TNS via Getty Images",0
1109," Trump RUNS SCARED From Russia Investigation, Hires ANOTHER High Profile Lawyer","Donald Trump s Russia problem just won t go away. In fact, the investigation is steadily expanding, and with the revelation that Trump himself is now personally under criminal investigation, Trump s number two man, Mike Pence, has hired his own lawyer. There are also reports that one of Trump s own lawyers, Michael Cohen, has lawyered up as well. Of course, there was also the revelation that Trump s own son-in-law and top adviser, Jared Kushner, is also under federal investigation by Special Counsel Robert Mueller for potential financial crimes. Now, it seems that Trump is more nervous than ever, and seems to believe that his own long-time civil litigation lawyer, Marc Kasowitcz, is no longer enough. Trump has now retained John Dowd, a high-profile attorney who has represented the likes of Senator John McCain (R-AZ).This addition is a major development. Dowd is experienced with keeping corrupt politicians out of jail. He is 76 years old and the ultimate Washington insider. This means that Trump s legal troubles are mounting, and the White House knows it. Dowd joins an already beefy team. In addition to Dowd and Kasowitz, Trump has also retained Mark Bowe and Jay Sekulow.Now, this is a risky move for someone as distinguished as John Dowd. Trump s intemperate Twitter rants and revealing public statements would make him an almost impossible to manage client. His own incriminating statements, along with his penchant for refusing to pay his bills have already made many high-powered Washington law firms to turn down the opportunity to represent the man baby  president.  Granted, the guy is getting up in age and already has a long career behind him. Perhaps he is not afraid of taking what is sure to be a losing case due to Trump s own foolish words and actions.Either way, this Russia investigation is no longer just smoke. There s fire there as well, and the people around Trump and in the White House know it. It would be a prudent decision for every single person working in the West Wing to lawyer up STAT, unless they want to spend the rest of their miserable lives in federal prison   which is likely where many   if not all   of them belong.Featured image via Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
1110, Trump’s Personal Lawyer Just Made A Major Legal Move Preparing For Russia Investigation,"Donald Trump s longtime personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, has hired legal counsel amidst an intensifying investigation into Russia s possible interference in the 2016 election. MSNBC s Katy Tur broke the story when she tweeted out that Stephen M. Ryan, a lawyer with McDermott, Will & Emery, will be advising Cohen during the investigation, which is being headed by former FBI director Robert Mueller. Mueller himself just hired 13 more lawyers for the probe.Exclusive: Trump personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, has hired his own counsel: Stephen Ryan, of McDermott, Will & Emery.- source w knowledge  Katy Tur (@KatyTurNBC) June 16, 2017Tur revealed that Cohen will speak in front of the House Intelligence Committee on September 5th. Tur also recently reported that former Trump campaign communications advisor, Michael Caputo, was contacted by the FBI and subsequently asked to speak before the House Intelligence Committee on a voluntary basis. It should be noted that Cohen worked for a Russian media company supportive of Vladimir Putin in the 1990s.Inside the White House, it was revealed on Thursday that Vice President Mike Pence has also lawyered up with special legal counsel for the investigation. During a press conference in Miami, the Washington Post questioned Pence on his decision to hire a lawyer. He responded by saying,  It s very routine. Very routine. Pence s comment is a prime example of the flippant nature with which the Trump administration responds to questions by citing alternative facts. It is normal for people to hire special counsel to help guide them through the intricacies of a complex legal process. However, it isn t normal for almost every top member of a branch of the federal government to be hiring legal counsel in order to mount a legal defense showing they didn t steal their way into their executive positions.Regardless of what the FBI s investigation into Trump and his corporate goon squad that now inhabits the White House yields, the Trump administration has already hung itself in the court of public opinion, according to Trump s approval ratings. Between this investigation and two (and counting) separate lawsuits, Trump will likely sooner or later be found guilty of something by a judicial court as well.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1111," White House Officials Caught Openly Mocking Trump, Administration In Free Fall (DETAILS)","Donald Trump s behavior and outlandish ways have made him countless enemies   and some of them are in the White House. Apparently, there s a lot of animosity over the fact that Trump s team keeps trying to do damage control and save Trump from the several federal investigations that are haunting the White House, and Trump continues to undo their hard work every day.This couldn t be more clear in the way the White House has reacted to Trump s lashing out at his own Deputy Attorney General, Rod Rosenstein, on Friday morning. The Daily Beast is reporting that Trump s team is so disgusted by this, Trump s aides and advisers are actually mocking him and making jokes about how they can get him to shut the hell up.In response to Trump s tweet about Rosenstein this morning, in which Trump said I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! , an anonymous  senior Trump administration official  reportedly joked: Has anyone read his Miranda rights? At this point in Trump s flawed presidency, we all know that the best thing he could do for himself and his numerous criminal investigations would be to remain silent   which he is incapable of. One senior Trump administration official even placed blame on Trump for bringing the obstruction of justice inquiry upon himself. That senior aide said: The president did this to himself. Another White House official shared that no one in the administration is surprised when Trump goes off the rails on Twitter anymore. That official said that for  all the heartburn and misery , they should expect that dealing with Trump s insanity is just part of the job now: If you haven t made this a settled factor in your morning routine, why are you still here? Thanks to Trump s erratic behavior, GOP insiders are seriously worried that he s not mentally fit to continue on with the rest of his presidency. Republican strategist Evan Siegfried said: President Trump has started the clock on the Rosenstein firing watch. This is feeding the private discussions in the GOP about the president s state of mind. As Trump s erratic behavior gets worse, we can expect more White House and GOP leaks as Trump s team turns on him one by one.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
1112," Hillary’s Campaign Account Hasn’t Tweeted Since Nov. 7, And Now It’s BEAUTIFULLY Trolling Donald Trump","Trump and his minions and cronies twist reality so badly it s amazing they can even see straight enough to write anything pretty much anywhere. Yesterday, and into today, Trump has been going on about being investigated and screaming about why Hillary Clinton and the Democrats aren t. Today, one of Hillary s campaign accounts, @TheBriefing2016, decided to troll Trump a little over this. Their last tweet is dated Nov. 7, 2016.And it s absolutely glorious. It pokes Trump over the fact that he s under investigation for obstruction of justice, and possibly for other crimes that may include collusion with Russia. This is what they did:??? pic.twitter.com/uGXCchcW08  The Briefing (@TheBriefing2016) June 15, 2017They know the answer is yes, he s still here, unfortunately. He still has a White House full of possible Russian agents (possibly including himself), he s still trying to claim that he s completely innocent and all the facts point that way, and he s still generally making a fool of himself over both his  fake news  nonsense and his smear campaign against his  enemies. Two days ago, the Washington Post broke the story that Special Counsel Mueller is actively investigating Trump for obstruction of justice over his decision to fire James Comey just as the FBI s Russia investigation began escalating. Trump has called the Post  fake news  many times, and in his diatribe from yesterday and into today, he basically admitted that they re telling the truth about the investigation.Furthermore, one Democratic Congressman has drawn up an article of impeachment against Trump as well. The charge? Obstruction of justice.The funny thing is that the GOP keeps saying Trump had no intent of impeding the FBI s investigation when he s basically admitted otherwise. Paul Ryan also made sorry excuses about  he didn t know  when responding to Comey s testimony about his termination and his conversations with Trump during the time he served as FBI Director.We re pretty sure most of the rest of us would get convicted and thrown in jail if we said,  Sorry, I didn t know,  after breaking the law, because ignorance of the law generally isn t seen as a valid excuse. But Trump, because he s a Republican president and the Republicans are desperate right now, gets away with everything.Yes, he s still here. We re hoping that doesn t last too much longer.Featured image via Jason Kempin and Sean Gallup/Getty Images",0
1113, Ann Coulter Just Had A Total Meltdown Over ‘This Jackass’ In The White House,"At one time, Ann Coulter thought Donald Trump was the greatest thing to ever happen to America. But apparently, she doesn t feel that way anymore because she just freaked out all over Twitter screaming about Trump s  daily melodrama  and failure to follow through on any of his campaign promises.Yesterday, the Trump administration kept in place Obama s unconstitutional executive amnesty.  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) June 16, 2017This daily Trump melodrama is worth it ONLY if he s really going to build the wall, cut off Muslim refugees and deport illegals.  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) June 16, 2017Today s BORDER WALL CONSTRUCTION UPDATE: Miles completed yesterday Zero; Miles completed since Inauguration Zero. NEXT UPDATE TOMORROW.  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) June 16, 2017Anyone in a Southwestern state who strolls to the border & drops a brick will have done more to build the wall than @realDonaldTrump.  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) June 16, 2017If @VP Pence were smart, starting making noises about how he d LOVE to build a wall. He d be sworn in as president about 2 weeks.  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) June 16, 2017I thought w/ Trump we d finally have a president helping OUR country. So far: Syria, Saudi Arabia, Israel, Italy, China, N Kor. Today: Cuba!  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) June 16, 2017At least Cuba s in our hemisphere. How long can it be before Trump gets to America? https://t.co/vTf5osrr15  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) June 16, 2017Well gee, it seems like there is trouble in paradise. Mediaite reached out to Coulter for a comment and her response made it crystal clear where she stands with Trump at this particular moment. It was a whole series today! This jackass is really ticking me off. And today Cuba? F*cking Cuba? If he d run a campaign promising to do everything he s done in the last 6 months, he d never have been elected. Even Trump s most loyal supporters are fed up with his bullsh*t. His approval ratings are dwindling by the day and no one with any sense at all wants to be associated with him or his administration. And now, even Ann Coulter has had it with him. Things sure don t look good for Trump right now.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1114, Dem Senator ‘Increasingly Concerned’ Trump Will Fire Mueller And Rosenstein To Stop Russia Probe,"Donald Trump is desperate to stop the investigation into his dirty Russian escapades and even went as far as firing FBI Director James Comey, who just happened to be investigating him. Now, Sen. Dianne Feinstein says she is growing  increasingly concerned  that Trump might try to fire both Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who is overseeing the probe into Trump s possible collusion with Russia and his obstruction of justice, and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein.Feinstein, who is the top Democrat on the Judiciary Committee, laid out her concerns in a statement on Friday. The message the president is sending through his tweets is that he believes the rule of law doesn t apply to him and that anyone who thinks otherwise will be fired. That s undemocratic on its face and a blatant violation of the president s oath of office,  she wrote.Citing Trump s most recent tweets regarding the Russia investigation, which he has repeatedly called a  witch hunt,  Feinstein said Trump has  embarked on an effort to undermine anyone with the ability to bring any misdeeds to light. The Senate should not let that happen. We re a nation of laws that apply equally to everyone, a lesson the president would be wise to learn,  Feinstein said.Trump doesn t have the authority to fire Mueller. However, he can order Rosenstein to fire him. When Rosenstein testified before Congress, he said that he would only consider firing Mueller if there was  good cause.  But if Trump wanted to, he is able to fire Rosenstein and appoint someone who, after Senate confirmation, would follow his orders blindly.But Feinstein warned that this would be a huge mistake on Trump s part and would inevitably lead to a revolt of  even his staunchest supporters. If the president thinks he can fire Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein and replace him with someone who will shut down the investigation, he s in for a rude awakening. Even his staunchest supporters will balk at such a blatant effort to subvert the law,  she said.The similarities between Trump and Nixon just keep piling up. If he were to go the route Feinstein fears, it would be the Saturday Night Massacre all over again and would probably lead to the same outcome: impeachment.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1115, The Army Field Manual Proves That Trump Is Too Mentally Unstable To Be President (DETAILS),"As commander-in-chief, shouldn t the Army field manual apply to the president as well as the men and women he commands?Because one psychiatrist brilliantly used the Army field manual to demonstrate that Donald Trump is mentally unfit to be president.Dr. Prudence L. Gourguechon wrote an editorial for the Los Angeles Times detailing how Trump s behavior makes him an unfit leader and she proved it by consulting the field manual used by the United States Army.After pointing out that the 25th Amendment of the Constitution has been getting a lot of attention recently because of Trump s behavior, Dr. Gourguechon said that after searching through  thousands of articles and books written on leadership, primarily in the business arena, I have found only one source where the capacities necessary for strategic leadership are clearly and comprehensively laid out: the U.S. Army s  Field Manual 6-22 Leader Development. That is particularly interesting since Trump is the commander of America s armed forces.Specifically, the manual discusses the areas of trust, discipline and self-control, judgement and critical thinking, self-awareness, and empathy. And as Dr. Gourguechon notes, Trump fails in every category.On trust, the manual states that  Leaders shape the ethical climate of their organization while developing the trust and relationships that enable proper leadership. Gouguechon elaborated.A leader who is deficient in the capacity for trust makes little effort to support others, may be isolated and aloof, may be apathetic about discrimination, allows distrustful behaviors to persist among team members, makes unrealistic promises and focuses on self-promotion.As we know, Trump doesn t trust people and he sows an environment of distrust. And let s not pretend that Trump hasn t made unrealistic promises or promoted himself.On discipline and self-control, the manual mentions traits such as selflessness, respect, integrity, and courage. If you are laughing, it s because you know that Trump has none of these traits. In fact, he is the most undisciplined and selfish person on the planet. Or at the very least the most undisciplined and selfish person who has ever lived in the White House. Without discipline and self-control, a leader may not be able to resist temptation, to stay focused despite distractions, to avoid impulsive action or to think before jumping to a conclusion,  Dr. Gourguechon wrote.  The leader who fails to demonstrate discipline reacts  viscerally or angrily when receiving bad news or conflicting information,  and he  allows personal emotions to drive decisions or guide responses to emotionally charged situations. On judgement and critical thinking, the manual makes it clear that Trump has no business being the commander-in-chief.A leader with the capacity for critical thinking  seeks to obtain the most thorough and accurate understanding possible,  the manual says, and he anticipates  first, second and third consequences of multiple courses of action.  A leader deficient in judgment and strategic thinking demonstrates rigid and inflexible thinking.The manual also makes it clear that Trump lacks self-awareness. It describes him perfectly. Self-aware leaders know themselves, including their traits, feelings, and behaviors,  the manual says.  They employ self-understanding and recognize their effect on others.  When a leader lacks self-awareness, the manual notes, he  unfairly blames subordinates when failures are experienced  and  rejects or lacks interest in feedback. The same goes for empathy.A good leader  demonstrates an understanding of another person s point of view  and  identifies with others  feelings and emotions.  The manual s description of inadequacy in this area:  Shows a lack of concern for others  emotional distress  and  displays an inability to take another s perspective. So if we go by the military leadership standards outlined in the Army field manual, Trump should be removed from office as soon as possible. He definitely should not have been allowed to take office in the first place. Americans need to take Trump s behavior seriously. He literally controls the most powerful military in the world, and the military would never voluntarily make him their leader if they follow this manual. That speaks volumes.Featured Image: Ralph Freso/Getty Images",0
1116," Trump Just Went Back On Another Election Vow, Decides To Keep DACA","In a shocking turn of events, the Trump administration has done something good. I know that s hard to imagine while Trump has been working to crackdown on immigration.According to the Washington Post, the Trump administration is leaving in place the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA, a program protecting hundreds of thousands young immigrants from deportation. It s also the very same program Trump had pledged to eliminate as a presidential candidate.Crazy, right?Referred to as  dreamers,  these young immigrants arrived in the U.S. as small children and raised in the U.S. For them there is no recollection of their former home country. To protect these young immigrants from deportation to a land they do not know, the DACA program was launched in 2012 and has since protected about 787,000 young immigrants from deportation.Despite Trump s vow, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly quietly announced the decision to keep the program at the bottom of a fact sheet released late Thursday.Of course, there s a caveat to this program remaining in place. In the fact sheet, Kelly declared the end to Deferred Action for Parents of Americans, or DAPA, a similar, but never implemented program intended to shield immigrant parents of U.S. citizens and legal residents from deportation.No idea what made Trump and his administration change their mind on DACA but thankfully Obama s program will remain in place for young immigrants.Unfortunately, that s not the case for parents.DAPA was blocked by a federal judge in Texas after 26 states sued. The Washington Post goes on to say that  Republicans saw it as a  backdoor amnesty  and argued that Obama overstepped his authority by protecting a specific class of immigrants living in the United States illegally. Trump did mention in an Associated Press interview in April that his administration is  not after the dreamers, we are after the criminals  and  The Dreamers should rest easy. If that s the case, the question then becomes: why block it for parents? If they re not criminals, why shouldn t they get protection, too?Though we have a win, there s still much work to be done.Featured image via Diego G Diaz/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images",0
1117," Kellyanne Conway Launches Into Bizarre Rant Against Democrats, Imagines Her Own Death (VIDEO)","While America is still recovering from the shocking shooting that occurred at a Republican baseball game in which Rep. Steve Scalise and four others were injured, many conservatives are still using the shooting as a way to promote division within America.Many Republicans were quick to place blame on the Democratic party, and today Donald Trump s White House adviser Kellyanne Conway jumped at the opportunity to strengthen those accusations. In an appearance on Fox & Friends, Conway trashed the media and Democrats for criticizing Trump at the time of the shooting, arguing that it was Democrats who were creating division in the country by refusing to praise Trump for his poor performance as POTUS. Conway said: I went back and looked at exactly what was being discussed on all the TV shows, except yours, at 7:09 a.m. on Wednesday, when this happened, and it s a really curious exercise, because as Steve Scalise was fighting for his life and crawling into right field in a trail of blood, you should go back and see what people were saying about the president and Republicans at that very moment. Of course, they had to break in with the news of this tragedy, and since then there s been some introspection   some quieter, more muted voices toning down the rhetoric. Then, Conway s rant got even more strange. Still trying to pretend that her boss isn t the source of a good portion of the hate and division we are seeing in America today, she tried to give the bizarre example of her own death to make her point. She said: But look at Twitter. If I was shot and killed tomorrow, half of Twitter would explode in applause and excitement   this is the world we live in now. Well, according to Trump himself, he could technically shoot Conway on a busy street in New York and get away with it   as he once bragged about. So for Conway to be blaming Democrats for the tension that our current Republican POTUS has created is beyond unfair and misguided.While many Republicans were blaming the opposite party, Democrats were praying and sending supportive messages in solidarity with their GOP colleagues   disproving Conway s accusations entirely. You can watch Conway s ridiculous rant below.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1118, Trump Gets His A** Handed To Him After Whining About Russia Investigation Like A Frightened Schoolboy,"Donald Trump is definitely protesting too much.This would be a good time for Trump to keep his mouth shut, but as usual, he s not.When top law firms refused to work for him on this case, they did so for precisely this reason. Having a client who constantly sets fires with his mouth is not a client any lawyer wants to put up with. They would prefer Trump exercise his right to remain silent. After all, we have that right for a reason.But Trump has been obsessed with whining about the Russia investigation and the obstruction of justice investigation led by special investigator Robert Mueller. Trump was recently talked out of firing him by his aides. So he has resorted to attacks on social media.On Friday morning, Trump resumed complaining.After 7 months of investigations & committee hearings about my  collusion with the Russians,  nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 16, 2017The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media   over 100 million people! I can go around them  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 16, 2017Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America, the economic & jobs numbers are great. Regulations way down, jobs and enthusiasm way up!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 16, 2017I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 16, 2017Despite Trump s claims, there is plenty of evidence that Russia interfered with the 2016 Election and that his campaign colluded with them. Even Trump himself asked Russian hackers to go after Hillary Clinton s emails. Furthermore, the economic and jobs numbers are only great because Trump is still benefiting from the economic policies of President Obama. Once his policies fully kick in, those will take a nosedive.Trump should also be informed that a lot of his followers on Twitter are bots and people who loathe him. Pretending that everyone supports him is pretty damn pathetic.Of course, Twitter users swiftly handed Trump his ass.No proof? Really? There actually seems to be quite a lot  Keegan Stephan (@KeeganNYC) June 16, 2017Michael Flynn resigned over his ties to Russia and misleading the Pentagon about them. That s pretty good evidence. https://t.co/6ZS2qI2Pd1  Keegan Stephan (@KeeganNYC) June 16, 2017Jared Kushner tried to set up a secret line of direct communication with the Russians. That s pretty good evidence. https://t.co/8VI6UO3GZq  Keegan Stephan (@KeeganNYC) June 16, 2017Sessions not only met w Russians during the campaign, but lied about it under oath. That s pretty powerful evidence. https://t.co/UYUOR30xnr  Keegan Stephan (@KeeganNYC) June 16, 2017Manafort received payments from a pro-Russian party while he was your campaign chairman. That s pretty good evidence https://t.co/6wf4pClEvr  Keegan Stephan (@KeeganNYC) June 16, 2017And Russians themselves asking for immunity in exchange for their testimony is really, really powerful evidence: https://t.co/TPXgutpkZq  Keegan Stephan (@KeeganNYC) June 16, 2017If that is true, why would you say that s sad?https://t.co/n24XrbDDx6  Morten  verbye (@morten) June 16, 2017The uncontrollable fear in your tweets is delicious.  Mike P Williams ? (@Mike_P_Williams) June 16, 2017Actually, the MSM absolutely LOVES your tweets. You contradict yourself on a daily basis.  Rob Szczerba (@RJSzczerba) June 16, 2017Also, the Special Prosecutor absolutely LOVES your tweets. He gets incriminating evidence handed to him every day directly by you.  Rob Szczerba (@RJSzczerba) June 16, 2017The Circuit Courts love your Tweets. When they ban your policies, you literally help write their opinions for them. Keep up the good work!  Rob Szczerba (@RJSzczerba) June 16, 2017WH Communications Staff also loves your tweets   you give them constant excitement by undercutting them on a daily basis.  Rob Szczerba (@RJSzczerba) June 16, 2017You haven t even passed your budget yet  Ken Klippenstein (@kenklippenstein) June 16, 2017Any  enthusiasm  certainly isn t for you   you just hit your record high disapproval this week: https://t.co/IyfFbKVUKU pic.twitter.com/DIk6kw5akj  Ken Klippenstein (@kenklippenstein) June 16, 2017All the numbers you mentioned are what you call lagging indicators. They represent the economy 6 to 12 months ago. Give it a few months  Impeach Donald Trump (@Impeach_D_Trump) June 16, 2017Dude you literally copped to firing Comey because he was investigating you and Russia  Ken Klippenstein (@kenklippenstein) June 16, 2017Robert Mueller told you to fire James Comey? Donald, you re not making any sense. Take your meds.  david nuzzy nussbaum (@theNuzzy) June 16, 2017Lol. So you just confirmed you are under investigation. Unlike reality TV, firing people does sometimes carry consequence. Real life!  Curtis D de Aldri (@cebsilver) June 16, 2017Reminder: No matter who told you to fire Comey, you re the POTUS. You might have said,  No, that could be construed as  obstruction  David Blaustein (@blaustein) June 16, 2017Instead, you fired him then bragged about it to reps from a hostile government, in the Oval Office, the next day!  David Blaustein (@blaustein) June 16, 2017Seriously, Trump really should stay away from Twitter. He s only embarrassing himself and digging the hole deeper.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1119, Trump Hires Son’s Wedding Planner To Run New York Housing Department,"Here s something you might want to send to your nearest Trump supporting family member the next time you hear them say Trump is  draining the swamp : When it came time to hire the person who would control the multi-billion dollar New York/New Jersey housing department, he went with his son s wedding planner   a woman with zero experience in housing and who is currently mixed up in Eric Trump s charity fraud scandal.With the exception of Trump s golf caddie (who now runs his social media presence from the White House), it s safe to say that nobody has gained as much by Trump s rise as Lynne Patton. Prior to Trump winning* the election, Patton was an event planner responsible for organizing parties from rich people. She helped the Trumps host golf tournaments, organized upscale events, and planned Eric Trump s wedding.She has shown zero interest in public service, nor does she have any experience in housing or urban development. Her only qualification is that she is loyal to Trump. It appeared that was enough. Trump appointed her to  head up the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development s Region II, which includes New York and New Jersey, where she ll oversee distribution of billions of taxpayer dollars,  according to the New York Daily News.Overseers should probably keep a close eye on the billions she s about to get her hands on. Patton is involved in the  charity  golf tournaments that investigators say Eric Trump and his father used to skim $1.3 million from for their own personal gains. At the time, Eric bragged about hosting the event for charity at his father s golf course by saying it was great because the Trumps had donated the course for the day   in reality, according to a detailed investigation by Forbes, they were charging their donors major bucks for the  privilege  of using it for charity:In reviewing filings from the Eric Trump Foundation and other charities, it s clear that the course wasn t free that the Trump Organization received payments for its use, part of more than $1.2 million that has no documented recipients past the Trump Organization. Golf charity experts say the listed expenses defy any reasonable cost justification for a one-day golf tournament.Additionally, the Donald J. Trump Foundation, which has come under previous scrutiny for self-dealing and advancing the interests of its namesake rather than those of charity, apparently used the Eric Trump Foundation to funnel $100,000 in donations into revenue for the Trump Organization.Making matters worse, Patton appears to be a serial liar. In the course of vetting her, reporters discovered she had lied about at least two things on her resume. She falsely claimed she received a juris doctorate from Quinnipiac University School of Law. She also claimed she went to Yale, which, again, appears to be completely fabricated.Trump s obsession with stocking his administration with  loyalists  means he limits himself to only the yes-men (and women), hanger ons, and opportunists who attach themselves to Trump and properly inflate his ego. It leaves him with little choice but to pick from among the least qualified and most unethical people in the country to head jobs that would otherwise go to extremely serious and intelligent applicants. The result is this: incompetence mixed with dishonesty mixed with inexperience.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1120, Russia Claims They May Have Killed ISIS Leader Al-Baghdadi,"Russia s Defense Ministry is investigating whether they have killed possibly the world s most wanted man, ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, among 330 other fighters in an airstrike on May 28. Al-Baghdadi s death has yet to be verified and this also isn t the first time the claim of his demise has been made.The claim comes after the Ministry said that their airstrike targeted an IS military council meeting in the group s de-facto capital of Raqqa in northern Syria. The Russian state-funded Sputnik news agency first made the claim of the possibility of al-Baghdadi s death when they published a statement by Russia s defense ministry that said he may have been present when the airstrike took out 30 IS commanders and up to 300 soldiers at the Raqqa meeting. The leaders at the meeting were discussing their exit through the  Southern Corridor,  the location of the meeting being confirmed by drone footage according to the Ministry According to information that is checked through various channels, IS leader Ibrahim Abu-Bakr al-Baghdadi, who was killed as a result of the strike, was also present at the meeting,  the statement claims, however, al-Baghdadi s presence at the meeting is still being investigated.Al-Baghdadi has kept a low profile and his whereabouts have been unknown for quite some time, however, he was believed to have been in Mosul, Iraq, before a US-led coalition began an effort to reclaim the city in October 2016. Since then the general consensus is that he had been hiding out in the desert. His last major public appearance was back in 2014 when he gave a sermon at a mosque in Mosul after ISIS took control of the city. During the sermon, which was filmed and watched around the world, he declared himself  the leader of his envisages Islamic caliphate. If the Russians can confirm that they have killed al-Baghdadi, then that will make the whole investigation into Trump s Russian ties a little more interesting, as U.S. authorities had previously offered a $25 million reward for information that led to his capture.Featured image via screenshot",0
1121, Energy Department To Close Office Of International Climate And Technology,"In response to the U.S. withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement earlier this month, the Energy Department is shutting down the Office of International Climate and Technology, a department that works with other countries to develop clean energy technology.An agency spokesman tried to justify the Energy Department shutting down the office by stating that the DOE is  looking for ways to consolidate the many duplicative programs that currently exist within DOE,  thus the Office of International Climate and Technology is getting the chop.The 11-person office has been in operation since 2010, operating as a means for the U.S. to work with international partners on energy sector technology in an effort to reduce greenhouse gases. The employees of the Office of International Climate and Technology also play a large part in the Clean Energy Ministerial, a conference for high-polluting nations to focus on making the energy sector greener.DOE spokeswoman Shaylyn Hynes said there are numerous international offices within the Energy Department that could take on the work of the Office of International Climate and Technology, however, she failed to acknowledge whether one actually would. The Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy (EERE) has an International Affairs team, while the International Affairs Office has a renewables team,  Hynes said.  The Department is looking for ways to eliminate this kind of unnecessary duplication   just like any responsible American business would. The closing of this particular office is most likely a direct result of Trump s 2018 budget proposal, which slashes funding for both the DOE and the Environmental Protection Agency, particularly cuts for climate change initiatives and research efforts. Naturally, environmentalists are horrified by the news of the international office s closure. Willfully ignoring the climate crisis is recklessly and unnecessarily dangerous for families and communities across the country, and it s clear that Trump will stop at nothing to completely isolate the United States and irreparably damage our reputation with the rest of the world,  said John Coequyt, the global climate policy director at the Sierra Club. Ignorance is not diplomacy, and if Trump were acting like a leader, he would know that. Hynes responded by saying that the Trump administration is not bringing an end to its clean energy efforts, drawing particular attention to Energy Secretary Rick Perry s support for carbon capture storage and nuclear energy efforts at a recent Clean Energy Ministerial.Featured image via Kevin Frayer/Getty Images",0
1122, Bizarre Late Night Statement Proves Deputy AG Is Just Another Water Carrier For Trump,"Donald Trump s administration and White House is the leakiest in living memory. This is because even his own staff knows that he is incompetent, intemperate, childish, narcissistic, and completely unfit for the office he holds. Despite the fact that they all know this, the sycophants around him just keep on doing his bidding   and they keep leaking. These leaks seem to be worrying Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein   or rather, likely Trump s open rage with regards to them has forced Rosenstein s hand.Instead of defending the integrity of Special Counsel Robert Mueller as Trump and his minions have spent the last few days attacking this decorated public servant, Rosenstein instead decided to issue a bizarre statement late Thursday night that shows that he, too, is now shilling for Trump. The statement attacks the credibility of anonymous sources, saying:Americans should exercise caution before accepting as true any stories attributed to anonymous  officials,  particularly when they do not identify the country   let alone the branch of agency of government   with which the alleged sources supposedly are affiliated. Americans should be skeptical about anonymous allegations. The Department of Justice has a long established policy to neither confirm nor deny such allegations.Fired U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara pointed out that Rosenstein should be defending Special Counsel Mueller instead of shilling for Trump:Where is Rod Rosenstein's overdue statement responding to the President's repeated attacks on his appointment of Robert Mueller? pic.twitter.com/y7dwtWTQ4G  Preet Bharara (@PreetBharara) June 16, 2017This is beyond strange. The Department of Justice is not supposed to be politicized, but still the people therein serve at the pleasure of the president. More than likely, Trump ordered Rosenstein to do this, since so many damning stories about the Russia investigation are coming out on an almost hourly basis. Trump is reportedly completely obsessed with the Russia story, and still hasn t let go of the idea of somehow getting rid of Special Counsel Robert Mueller. In fact, the only reason Mueller is still there is because White House aides talked Trump off the ledge when he was about to order his firing.Conservative commentator Bill Kristol has an excellent theory as to what is going on with Rosenstein s behavior, and it s terrible for the nation:The Rosenstein statement suggests there must be a heck of a Trump story coming based on alleged information from anonymous foreign officials  Bill Kristol (@BillKristol) June 16, 2017In the Age of Trump, the independence of the Department of Justice is definitely shot, and this proves it. While it was clear that Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who was a part of Trump s campaign and one of his staunchest supporters was nothing but a Trump shill, we had all hoped that Sessions  recusal from the Russia investigation and Rosenstein s taking over would give the whole situation a bit more credibility, but no.All I can say is thank goodness for Robert Mueller. Hopefully, firing him would be a bridge too far   even for Congressional Republicans.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1123, Republican Satisfaction In ‘Trump’s America’ Takes 17 Point Dive In Just One Month,"According to a Gallup poll released on Thursday, Republican satisfaction with the direction in which the USA is heading took its biggest hit between the months of May and June in the time since Donald Trump took office, dropping a massive 17 points.While satisfaction among Democrats and independents also fell during the same time period, one and three points, respectively, the level of satisfaction among Republicans plummeted from 58% in May to only 41% in June. To add insult to injury, these latest numbers bring the overall satisfaction rating among Americans to a paltry 24%, the lowest since July, 2016, which came on the heels of a spree of killings of African-American men at the hands of police officers and then a spate of shootings of law enforcement officers, pushing the country to the brink. That s a pretty tough act to follow.The latest drop in Trump s satisfaction rating comes amid a slew of controversies in the last several weeks, especially his decision to abruptly fire FBI director James Comey, the man who just so happened to be responsible for handling the investigation into Russian interference in last year s presidential election. The fact that it was revealed that Trump may have also divulged highly classified information to the Russians only compounded the problem.What Comey had to say under oath at his Senate inquiry last week didn t help matters for the President much, either, such as the revelation that Trump had not only asked Comey in February to drop the FBI investigation into former national security advisor Michael Flynn, but also asked for Comey s  loyalty.  Fortunately for all of the United States of America, Comey instead promised his honesty.If President Trump can take any satisfaction from any of this, it is the fact that the previous six US Presidents also suffered dwindling satisfaction ratings of their time in office. Perhaps not to this extent within the first five months, but it did happen eventually.Featured image via Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
1124, WHOA: Ted Nugent Says He’s Changed His Tune On Violence After Virginia Shooting: “We Have Got To Be Civil”,"Rocker Ted Nugent says he s seen the light after the Virgina shooting and claims he will stop with the toxic rhetoric he is famous for using to attack Democrats.In an interview with 77WABC Radio on Thursday, Nugent claimed that he has turned over a new leaf and  reevaluated  his language. He swore he will from now on refrain from saying  anything that can be interpreted as condoning or referencing violence. At the tender age of 69, my wife has convinced me I just can t use those harsh terms. I cannot and will not and I encourage even my friends/enemies on the left, in the Democrat and liberal world, that we have got to be civil to each other. Ted is famous for attacking Democrats with violent suggestions that could be thought of as threats. He has been particularly harsh on Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama. He once suggested that the former president  suck on my machine gun  and referred to him as  a piece of shit.  He also disgustingly suggested that Obama should be lynched. He was very horrendous towards Hillary Clinton, especially when she was running for president. When making references to his guns he suggested she  ride one of these into the sunset, you worthless b*tch. Well, Ted, let s hope you are serious about changing your violent tune. Any public figure who has called out for violence against any politician now has blood on their hands.Photo by Rick Diamond/Getty Images for Webster Public Relations",0
1125, Mike Pence Indicates That He’ll Soon Be In The Russian Hot Seat,"There has been a lot of social media speculation over what will happen if and when Donald Trump is impeached or he is forced to resign. The Constitution, obviously, says that Mike Pence will be made President. Pence, it s assumed, will be a slightly better alternative. While he s anti-LGBT and anti-woman enough to be the inspiration for the Handmaid s Tale, he appears to be just bland enough to be called sane.Not so fast. He might be sane, but if his latest move is any indication, he could be going down with Trump and the rest of the people who are in bed with Russia. He has hired his own lawyer for the apparent inevitability of appearing under oath.The vice president s office said Thursday that Pence has retained Richard Cullen, a Richmond-based lawyer and chairman of McGuireWoods who previously served as a U.S. attorney in the Eastern District of Virginia.Pence s decision comes less than a month after Trump hired his own private attorney, Marc E. Kasowitz, to help navigate the investigations related to the Russia probe, and a day after The Washington Post reported that special counsel Robert S. Mueller III is widening his investigation to examine whether the president attempted to obstruct justice.Source: Washington PostOf course, the act of hiring a lawyer in no way means Pence is guilty. What we do know, though, is that Pence knew from at least March that Trump s fired National Security Advisor, General Michael Flynn, was lobbying for a Turkish firm. Yes, there is evidence that policy changed because of Flynn s Turkish ties. Flynn had supposedly left that out when Pence was heading Trump s transition team.The White House, though, sat on that information for 18 days before firing Flynn.Again, hiring a lawyer does not mean guilt, but only three Vice Presidents have done so. Richard Nixon s VP, Spiro Agnew, hired one when he was under investigation for extortion, tax fraud, bribery and conspiracy. He ended up resigning, even before Watergate.Al Gore also hired counsel over questions about illegal fundraising. Dick Cheney hired counsel several times.The significant thing to note, though, is that none of the VPs hired counsel because their bosses were in trouble. They hired counsel because they were under fire. We can t be positive, but it s safe to assume that Pence will soon be testifying, and not just for his opinions.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
1126, Kushner Is Now Under Fire By Special Counsel For Potential Dirty Financial Dealings,"The Trump White House is now officially in full-blown crisis mode. First, we learned yesterday that Donald Trump himself is now officially under criminal investigation for potential obstruction of justice by Department of Justice Special Counsel Robert Mueller. What s worse for Team Trump is that Mueller is a decorated Vietnam Veteran, a George W. Bush   appointed former FBI Director who is the only head of that agency to serve past his ten year term, as Barack Obama went to Congress and asked them to extend Mueller s tenure. This request received bipartisan support. So, the current efforts by Trump shills to discredit Mueller are futile. His integrity is unimpeachable. Hell, even Republicans are telling Trump to leave Mueller the hell alone.Now, it seems that the cloud over Trump scandal-ridden White House is darkening, as it now seems that Trump s own son-in-law and top adviser Jared Kushner is now in Special Counsel Mueller s crosshairs as well. The Washington Post is now reporting that Kushner is under investigation for possible illegal financial dealings. Kushner is certainly far from the only current or former Trump shill who is under investigation for similar crimes. Others in the same situation include disgraced National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and former Trump 2016 Campaign Chair Paul Manafort, who is known to have had deep ties to pro-Russia Ukrainian politicians.Of course, we all remember the reports that Kushner tried to set up a secret backchannel to the Kremlin to avoid the detection of United States intelligence agencies. Combine that with the fact that he omitted the fact that he met with the Russians during the transition from security clearance forms   a federal crime   and we have some pretty big and definitive reasons as to why Mueller should be looking at Kushner.It seems the White House is not unaware of how serious all of this is; even uber bigot and Christian golden boy Mike Pence has retained his own lawyer to handle any and all questions and inquiries related the the cloud of suspicion surrounding the Russia situation.All of these people are dirty as hell. Time to get these incompetent authoritarians, corrupt goons, and Russian stooges out of our White House.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1127, Trump Whines About Hillary In Response To Obstruction Investigation,"After the news broke that Trump is going to be investigated for possible obstruction of justice, Trump has taken to Twitter to whine.After his first couples of tweets claiming to be part of the single greatest witch hunt in American political history, he s now whining about Hillary isn t being investigated over dealing with the Russians.Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at, but my non-dealings are?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 15, 2017Trump tweeted:  Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at, but my non-dealings are?Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer, 'bleached' emails, & had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared- & they talk about obstruction?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 15, 2017He then followed up with:  Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer,  bleached  emails, & had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared- & they talk about obstruction? What are we, five? Only kids try to throw others under the bus. Clinton was investigated, remember? She was investigated where you personally insisted she was investigated   her private email server and anything and everything tied to it.Why are you pointing your finger at everyone else? What do you have to hide if it s untrue?This isn t about Hillary Clinton. This is about how the U.S. intelligence community concluded last year that Russia interfered in the presidential election to help Trump defeat Clinton.This is about investigating Russian election meddling, including possible ties between Trump s team and Russia.This is about possible obstruction of justice by firing former FBI Director James Comey.It has nothing to do with Hillary Clinton or anyone else for that matter. If anyone else needs to be investigated, it will happen. As of right now, the spotlight falls on you. You deny everything with the Russians and fired Comey who was going to look into it. What did you expect was going to happen?You are the President of the United States, Mr. Trump. You need to start acting like an adult and learn to face reality. Not whine and point fingers at everyone else.Featured image via MANDEL NGAN,BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images",0
1128, Alex Jones Threatens Wolf Blitzer With Gunfire Ahead Of Megyn Kelly Interview (VIDEO),"Former Fox News host Megyn Kelly s interview with Trump supporter, conspiracy theorist, fake news purveyor, and general asshole Alex Jones is set to air soon   but that doesn t mean that Jones intends to be his usual terrible self no matter how many advertisers run screaming from Kelly s show.On Wednesday Jones, who lost custody of his children over his insane rants and violent attitude, set his sights on CNN s Wolf Blitzer on Thursday:Wolf Blitzer has a guest on:  So, this man wasn t a monster, he was just tired of things.  Wolf Blitzer:  Ok, thanks for your view. Hmm, very interesting.  What happens, Wolf Blitzer, when somebody pumps rounds into your little pumpkin head and says,  It s just political ? Hah. You people. You guys better have some helicopter jump jets and be ready to get out of here real quick if the actual civil war kicks off,  Jones added before attempting to claim that he was somehow innocent in his call for violence against Blitzer: I mean, I m not the one that s calling for violence; you re going to get wrecked bad. There are a lot of people like Santa Claus been making a list, been checking it twice about who s been naughty and nice. And you kick off Civil War 2, baby, you ll think Lexington and Concord was a cake walk. Despite Jones  attempt to sic his disgusting fans on Blitzer, NBC still plans to allow his interview to air.Watch Jones  outburst below: Featured image via screengrab",0
1129, A Top Republican Really Just Blamed Obama For The GOP Baseball Shooting (VIDEO),"Rep. Steve King (R-IA) has been in the news constantly, and it hasn t been good. His most recent stunt will certainly raise eyebrows and even make people wonder if he wants to be re-elected at all, because it is absolutely ridiculous and pathetic.While many Republicans were quick to blame the Republican baseball shooting, in which Rep. Steve Scalise and four others were injured, on Democrats and Liberals, King decided to take it a step further. Reviving one of the most tired, played out traditions of the Republican Party, King blamed the shooting on former President Barack Obama.King made these comments in an interview with Simon Conway on WHO Iowa radio, where King actually had the nerve to accuse Obama of  dividing  the country during his presidency, therefore causing the shooting. King s comments are seriously disgusting, and reflect a GOP that is clearly out of touch with reality and ignoring the fact that it nominated the most divisive presidential candidate to lead the country   Donald Trump. King said: I do want to put some of this at the feet of Barack Obama. He contributed mightily to dividing us. He focused on our differences rather than our things that unify us. And this is some of the fruits of that labor. Unfortunately, Conway was more than happy to join in on the Obama-bashing. Conway said: Of course he also spent eight years telling us all how terrible we all are and what a garbage can America was and how unexceptional we all were. I agree. I absolutely agree with what you said. The GOP has been blaming everything on Obama for the past several years, and the fact that we ve had a new president for months now hasn t stopped them. King s comments are repulsive and incorrect, as he clearly cannot see the amount of division Trump has caused in just a few short months in the White House. You can listen to King s interview below:In contrast, at least Republican Congressman Mark Sanford (R-SC) had the brains to recognize that Trump has fueled a toxic political environment, and should carry part of the blame for the baseball shooting.Featured image via Pool / Getty Images",0
1130, Russian Lobbyist Blows Jeff Sessions’ Story Right Out Of The Water,"As Attorney General, Jeff Sessions is the top law enforcement person in this country. He s also under investigation for colluding with the Russians and for lying about it. Let that sink in for just a moment.There s a new report out on Thursday, which, whether or not it is to be believed, is more bad news for Sessions.According to an article in The Guardian, an American lobbyist for Russian banking and oil interests claims that he had dinner with Sessions. This is in direct conflict to what Sessions claimed in front of the Senate just this week.Sessions testified under oath on Tuesday that he did not believe he had any contacts with lobbyists working for Russian interests over the course of Trump s campaign. But Richard Burt, a former ambassador to Germany during the Reagan administration, who has represented Russian interests in Washington, told the Guardian that he could confirm previous media reports that stated he had contacts with Sessions at the time. I did attend two dinners with groups of former Republican foreign policy officials and Senator Sessions,  Burt said.Burt, who previously served on the advisory board of Alfa Capital Partners, a private equity fund where Russia s Alfa Bank was an investor and last year was lobbying on behalf of a pipeline company that is now controlled by Gazprom, Russia s state-controlled energy conglomerate, first told Politico in October that he had been invited to two dinners that were hosted by Sessions last summer, at the height of the presidential campaign.There are two ways this could play out for Sessions. Either Burt is telling the truth, which is a possible smoking gun for perjury and obstruction, or he s lying. While Republicans seem to be operating under the assumption that Putin is holding them tight in his warm shirtless embrace, the truth is that Putin doesn t give a crap about Jeff Sessions, Donald Trump or Paul Ryan.Russia s goal is to destabilize the United States using the best tools at their disposal, and right now, Republicans are their biggest tools. That will change the moment the idiots prove they re no longer useful. Burt s statement could, even if not true, prove that Session s usefulness is done. Russia could be ready to turn on the Trump administration.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images.",0
1131, WATCH: Hilarious Leaked Video Shows Australian PM Mocking Trump And It’s Now The Best Thing On The Internet,"During a private speech to journalists, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull let his inner comedian shine with a hilarious impersonation of Donald Trump. Not only does he nail the dialogue, he perfectly executes the portrayal down to Donald s awkward and childlike arrogance. The Donald and I, we are winning and winning in the polls,  he said Wednesday in a leaked video.  We are winning so much, we are winning, we are winning like we have never won before. The Journalists in attendance had agreed not to report or share the brilliant mockery they witnessed that night, but an editor from Nine Network couldn t help but share this gem with the world. I have this Russian guy.   Believe me, it s true, it is true,  added Turnbull, alluding to the Russian scandal playing out in the White House.In the wake of the backlash from the leaked video, Turnbull told Melbourne Talk Radio that his mockery was a light-hearted jest and a  good-humored roast.  He thinks people should  lighten up  about it.You can pretty much guarantee Trump won t be  lightening up  about this genius comedy act making fun of him in the best way possible. When respected world leaders are trying their hand at stand-up comedy to make fun of Trump, he s probably not going to take it lightly.Check out this amazing piece of comedy that is sure to go down in history as one of the great Trump portrayals:Featured image via screen capture",0
1132," Republican Goes Rogue, Blames Trump For Baseball Game Attack On GOP (VIDEO)","There have been many reactions to the horrific shooting at a Republican baseball game this week, but the one that was just given by Congressman Mark Sanford (R-SC) is one of the most shocking.While many Republicans have been quick to blame Democrats and Liberals for the shooter s actions, Sanford went on Morning Joe today to point the finger at America s president, Donald Trump. Sounding like a Republican who might actually have a tiny grip on reality, Sanford argued that Trump helped create a toxic political environment, which may have motivated yesterday s attack. Sanford said: I think we have to watch out as a society because, if we don t watch out, civility is indeed a part of civilized government and an open political system. If you let these forces play out, I think we end up at a very, very bad spot. I think what happened yesterday was symptomatic of it. Sanford then turned his focus on Trump, stating that he is part of the reason America has become so deeply divided, and his rhetoric has undoubtedly had an effect on the country. Sanford didn t mince his words when he said: I would argue that the president is at least in partially   not totally   but partially to blame for demons that have been unleashed. The fact that you have the top guy saying I wish I can hit you in the face. Why don t you and I ll pay your legal fees. That s bizarre. We ought to call it as such. What I ve said back home, some of these people have been frankly weird and different in a town hall meeting. I say what is going on. They ll say look, if the guy at the top can say anything to anybody at any time, why can t I? I think we all need to look for ways to learn from what happened yesterday and to say, wait a minute, this is a pause moment. What might I do a little differently in the way I reached out to other members. Finally, a Republican who has the guts to point out just how insane and inappropriate Trump s behavior is, and to acknowledge that there are consequences to having a POTUS who is this unhinged. You can watch the interview below:Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
1133, Ranting Trump Accidentally Confirms He Is Under Investigation After Staff Claimed It Was Fake News,"On Trump s birthday, the Washington Post published an explosive story alleging that the FBI under Mueller s direction was currently investigating Trump for obstruction of justice for his treatment of former FBI director James Comey.The special counsel overseeing the investigation into Russia s role in the 2016 election is interviewing senior intelligence officials as part of a widening probe that now includes an examination of whether President Trump attempted to obstruct justice, officials said.The move by special counsel Robert S. Mueller III to investigate Trump s conduct marks a major turning point in the nearly year-old FBI investigation, which until recently focused on Russian meddling during the presidential campaign and on whether there was any coordination between the Trump campaign and the Kremlin. Investigators have also been looking for any evidence of possible financial crimes among Trump associates, officials said.Trump has no one to blame for this new line of inquiry but himself. In testimony his staff hasn t even bothered denying, Comey noted that Trump once asked everyone to leave the room before directly asking the FBI director if he could find a way to drop the Russia investigation. Then Trump fired Comey when the investigation continued. Then he went into an interview with NBC s Lester Holt and explicitly admitted that he fired Comey because he wouldn t stop investigating his connections to Russia.Rather than make his problems go away, firing Comey and Trump s subsequent confession seem to have triggered a new investigation   this time in his attempts to obstruct justice by interrupting the investigative process.Despite the avalanche of evidence against him, Trump s team had a painfully predictable response: To accuse the Washington Post of lying. In the hours after publishing, Trump staff and friends repeatedly claimed there was no investigation into Trump. They screamed  fake news. The chairwoman of the RNC went further, claiming Mueller had smeared Trump with  unfounded accusations.  (Hint: Mueller hasn t even commented publicly yet. And an investigation isn t an  accusation. )Mueller's unfounded accusation against @POTUS changes nothing. There's still no proof of obstruction of justice. https://t.co/gY7pcfD4yj  Ronna RomneyMcDaniel (@GOPChairwoman) June 15, 2017Then Trump woke up and promptly confirmed it was real.They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 15, 2017The  they  here appears to be the investigators looking into Trump. The 71-year-old man throwing a temper tantrum on Twitter seemed to reinforce that when his follow-up tweet included an attack on the investigators themselves.You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history   led by some very bad and conflicted people! #MAGA  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 15, 2017Saying  conflicted  people was the tell. Trump s teams latest attack on Mueller   a pretext to firing him, some might say   is that he has a  conflict of interest  in the case. It s never clearly articulated what that conflict of interest is Trump has repeatedly implicated himself in wrongdoing despite his staff s best efforts. In hushed tones, White House aides are telling reporters that they are furious with the president who they say is completely to blame for this endless investigation. Trump may be really good at getting into trouble, but he is terrible at getting out of it.In his rage and panic, he s managed to step on every rake in the yard. How long before he finds a way to say he is totally guilty in 140 characters or less?Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1134," Trump Accuses Qatar Of Funding Terrorism, Sells Them $12 Billion Worth Of Weapons","It was only last week that Donald Trump was calling on Qatar to stop funding terrorism, even taking credit for Gulf nations blacklisting the country, despite U.S. Cabinet officials claiming the move was impeding their campaign against ISIS. Obviously, Trump s first move was to take to Twitter:So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 6, 2017 extremism, and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 6, 2017 The nation of Qatar has historically been a funder of terrorism at a very high level,  Trump later said in the Rose Garden.  I decided, along with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, our great generals, and military people, the time had come to call on Qatar to end its funding, they have to end that funding and its extremist ideology. But that was last week. People change, feelings change, and why would the master deal-maker let some silly little thing like the War on Terror or people s safety get in the way of making some serious cash? That s why Trump authorized Qatar to purchase over $21 billion worth of weapons from the US, with the first part of the deal, worth $12 billion, being signed when Qatar s Defense Minister met with U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis on Wednesday. We are pleased to announce today the signing of the letter of offer and acceptance for the purchase of the F-15QA fighter jets, with an initial cost of $12 billion dollars,  the Qatari Defense Minister wrote in a statement on Wednesday afternoon.  We believe that this agreement will propel Qatar s ability to provide for its own security while also reducing the burden placed upon the United States military in conducting operations against violent extremism. The State Department doesn t see a conflict in interests with the deal, rationalizing it by pointing out it will take several years to build the 36 American-made F15s in order to fill the sale We are confident that Qatar can address its remaining issues within this timeframe, prior to delivery,  a State Department official said.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1135, GOP Puts Together Secret Talking Points To Defend Trump; They Promptly Get Leaked (IMAGES),"The Trump White House is perhaps the leakiest in the history of the American presidency. This is because Trump s own staffers are sick of his erratic, lawless behavior, his intemperate late night rants on Twitter, and the general chaos of this White House. Now that the cloud of suspicion and scandal hanging over the White House due to the investigation into possible collusion between the 2016 Trump campaign and the Russian government to fix an election has darkened considerably over the last few weeks, the leaks just keep coming.The latest one is hilarious, because it was a set of talking points to deal with the news cycle regarding the revelation that Department of Justice Special Counsel Robert Mueller is now investigating Trump himself for obstruction of justice. What do the talking points focus on? Well, complaints about leaks, of course!A source close the Republican National Committee and the White House leaked the talking points to Washington Post reporter Philip Rucker, who promptly tweeted them out. They contain three headers:Here is an image of the talking points via Philip Rucker s Twitter: A source sent me RNC/Trump talking points for Repubs seeking to discredit tonight s WaPo scoop on Mueller investigating Trump obstruction  > pic.twitter.com/ctwy2si9A7  Philip Rucker (@PhilipRucker) June 15, 2017This is absolutely hilarious. These people can t even stop leaking when they are coming up with talking points that focus on complaining about leaks.Keep it up, leakers. Bury this buffoon, and take down Pence for good measure. Just make sure you guys get good lawyers to make sure you don t go down with Titanic Trump when he finally sinks.Featured image via Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
1136, Trump Still Isn’t Convinced Russia Interfered In Our Election Despite All The Evidence,"Despite all the evidence otherwise, Donald Trump is still claiming that he doesn t believe Russia actually hacked our election. A report in the Wall Street Journal reveals that even though 17 intelligence agencies agree that Russia was behind the hacking of the Democratic National Committee during the 2016 election, Trump still isn t convinced.According to the WSJ, sources say that there is a memo of conversations between Trump and NSA Director Adm. Rogers which detail Trump s refusal to acknowledge that Russia meddled in the presidential election. This memo reveals that the president questioned the veracity of the intelligence community s judgment that Russia had interfered with the election and also tried to persuade Adm. Rogers to say there was no evidence of collusion between the campaign and Russian officials. But On June 7, just one day before fired FBI Director James Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee all about how Trump tried to obstruct justice in every way he could, Adm. Rogers said he felt zero pressure from Trump  to push back against allegations of possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia. Trump refuses to say that Russia interfered with our election for obvious reasons. Admitting that Russia did all they could to rig the election in his favor is the very last thing he wants to do.There hasn t been any doubt that Russia meddled in the election for months now. Way back in January, the Office of the Director of National Intelligence released a report that  pins responsibility for the election attack directly on President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, ruling out the possibility that it was ordered by intelligence officials or simply carried out by Kremlin supporters.  A whopping 17 intelligence agencies agree on this matter. It isn t up for debate anymore. Russia. Hacked. Our. Election.However, Trump just can t bring himself to say that. I guess it s too close to a confession.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1137," After D.C. Shooting, President Obama Once Again Shows What Bipartisan Class Looks Like","For perhaps the first time since Donald Trump hit the political scene, he didn t make a bad situation worse by saying something self-serving and inappropriate in the response to the shooting of Republican Rep. Steve Scalise (Louisiana) during a practice of the GOP congressional baseball team.Trump said: We may have our differences, but we do well in times like these to remember that everyone who serves in our nation s capital is here because, above all, they love our country,  Trump said.  We can all agree that we are blessed to be Americans, that our children deserve to grow up in a nation of safety and peace and that we are strongest when we are unified and when we work together for the common good. Source: Chicago TribunePresident Obama, who still knows many of the members of Congress, also responded   with the class and deference we have come to expect. Obama reached out to Jeff Flake (R-Arizona), who was on the field during the shooting, and despite being on the opposite side of the political aisle, was a friend of the former President.Flake was among the Republicans gathered on an Alexandria, Va., baseball field when a shooter opened fire, wounding House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.) and several others. Obama maintained a good working relationship with Flake, who flew out to Arizona with the former president in 2011 after the shooting of then-Rep. Gabrielle Giffords (D-Ariz.). This is particularly raw for those of us in Arizona,  Flake told reporters of Tuesday s shooting, adding that Obama asked him to let Scalise know the former president is thinking about him.  He went through this a couple of times,  Flake added of Obama.Source: PoliticoOf course, many will question why Obama didn t call all the Congresspeople who were on the field that day and the answer is quite simple. He doesn t want to make it about himself. He simply wanted to send well wishes to a friend. That s class. Of course, it could also be that he is weary from addressing all the mass shootings during his administration.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
1138," Fox News FINALLY Tells Truth About Itself, Then Immediately Falls Back Into Old Pattern Of Lies","Fox News, purveyor of lies branded as  news,  has finally decided to drop the act and tell the world who they really are. In a fairly surprising move, they re dropping their  fair and balanced  slogan. The slogan was Roger Ailes  from the time the network was launched, but it s come under increasing fire for sexual harassment and assault allegations. The slogan is too closely tied to the worst harasser there was there Ailes himself so the network s management decided to drop it.And just when you thought they might actually be doing something right, they twisted reality again to fit their own warped view of themselves. The new slogan will be,  Most Watched. Most Trusted. Sure most trusted by people who don t know what facts are. When Roger Ailes came up with  fair and balanced,  it was because he felt doing right-wing news branded as such was a recipe for failure. That slogan had become the nearly-religious mantra behind their ongoing push of conservative ideology, no matter how outrageous (or, dare we say it, false) the stories were.Fox News has always seemed to be anti-fact because of that, and despite their  fair and balanced  slogan. But  most trusted?  In 2014, they weren t, at least, not among adults who had heard of them or in comparison to other networks, including CNN. However, earlier this year, Rasmussen found that more Fox News viewers trust Fox News than CNN viewers trust CNN.Maybe that s what they mean by  most trusted.  Of course, conservatives are allergic to factual reporting and so of course more of them would see Fox News as trustworthy.As for the  most watched  part? Their ratings have been slipping ever since it came out that there s a serious problem with sexual harassment there. At the end of May, Fox News had fallen to third place behind CNN and MSBNC for prime-time viewership. That was the first time in 17 years that had happened.So  Most Trusted?  Sure, if you re a right-wing nutjob who s allergic to facts, truth and history.  Most Watched?  That s a far more difficult claim to make. Maybe they believe they ll regain their top spot, and there s nothing wrong with believing that. But changing their slogan is probably only a tiny step towards convincing any sane person that they re capable of sticking to truth and facts, particularly with people like Tucker Carlson and Sean Hannity still on the air.Featured image via Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images",0
1139," After GOP Congressman Shot, Democrats Are Getting Calls Saying ‘You Guys Are Next’","Hours after a gunman opened fire on Republican Congressmen during their baseball practice session, the partisan rancor began. Although we don t know motive yet, the shooter was a Bernie voter. He was also a psychopathic killer.While the shooter, who s been identified as James T. Hodgkinson, 66, of Illinois, died shortly after, it s not just one party that s receiving the wrath of unhappy voters. Democrats have been receiving threats all day, even on their personal phones.Multiple Democratic representatives said during a members-only security briefing that they had received calls after the shooting saying,  You guys are next,  California Rep. Nanette Diaz Barrag n told BuzzFeed News.According to Barrag n, more than one of her Democratic colleagues said during the briefing that they had received a similar call and other threats on their personal phones following the shooting. Barrag n said she did not receive one herself, and would not name those who did, citing their safety.One of the calls went to  a member who was not on the [Democratic baseball] team,  she said,  and other Democratic members expressed concern that they were getting calls saying,  You Democrats, you Democrats. Overall, there has been an uptick in threats to Democrats recently. Even House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said she has received threats. Rep. Al Green (D-TX) said he s received threats over his plans to impeach Donald Trump.Buzzfeed s article quotes several people who have received threats.While voters on both sides are going to continue to point fingers, it s clear that we have a problem in this country and it s bigger than guns. Anger, whether it emanates from Donald Trump s partisan and often violent rhetoric, from popular culture, or from the fact that people are feeling left behind by our leaders, is real. While those in Congress might be feeling a bit more unified today following these tragic events, the country is not. Congress can help, though. Republicans and Democrats can start working toward the betterment of the country rather than toward destroying the other party.",0
1140, CONFIRMED: Special Counsel Mueller Is Actually Investigating Donald Trump,"Whether or not Trump obstructed justice in his interactions with James Comey has been the subject of hot debate ever since Comey was fired from his position as FBI director on May 9. Now, senior intelligence officials familiar with Special Counsel Mueller s investigation have confirmed that he s looking into whether or not Trump actually did obstruct justice.To conservatives who believe that obstruction of justice requires specific intent and a specific act, the whole idea that Trump obstructed justice simply by doing what he s done is preposterous. Nevertheless, obstruction of justice occurs when someone aware of a proceeding tries to interfere with it:[O]bstructions of justice aimed at judicial officers, grand and petit jurors, and witnesses. The law makes it a crime to threaten, intimidate, or retaliate against these participants in a criminal or civil proceeding. In addition, [it is] illegal to attempt the bribery of an official to alter the outcome of a judicial proceeding.Besides these specific prohibitions, the law contains the Omnibus Clause, which states that a person who  corruptly or by threats of force, or by threatening letter or communication, influences, obstructs, or impedes, or endeavors to influence, obstruct, or impede, the due administration of justice  is guilty of the crime of obstruction of justice. This clause offers broad protection to the  due administration of justice.  Federal courts have read this clause expansively to proscribe any conduct that interferes with the judicial process. The way that Trump communicated with Comey about the investigation into Michael Flynn and Russia, and then again in the way he so abruptly fired Comey and virtually admitted that he did so because of the Russia probe, could fall under this definition. All that s really needed is for the investigation to prove  that there was a pending federal judicial proceeding, the defendant knew of the proceeding, and the defendant had corrupt intent to interfere with or attempted to interfere with the proceeding. Prior to Comey s firing, the FBI had convened a grand jury in the Flynn investigation, which issued subpoenas for Michael Flynn s business records around the same time that Comey was fired. As CNN put it, the grand jury represented the first major escalation in the broader Russian probe.Mueller s office plans to interview various intelligence officials soon, which suggests that Mueller s views on the matter are more in line with the idea that he was actively trying to impede Comey s work, rather than just a disagreement between Comey and Trump about what was said.A spokesman for Trump s lawyer, of course, expressed outrage that this has made the news:The FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal. As we know, Trump and his supporters repeatedly claim that the real story is how all these leaks are happening and why nobody does anything about them. While leaks are a problem, they are not the main story. The Trump administration uses them as a deflection.It s not clear whether Mueller will actually pursue the charge of obstruction of justice. However, if he does, it will ultimately be Congress  decision as to what to do with it   not the DOJ s. And Congressional Republicans seem to be adamant that they won t impeach. However, if Mueller is able to lay out a convincing enough case, then Congress may find itself without any choice but to impeach.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1141, Donald Trump Jr. Blames Scalise Shooting On ‘Caesar’ Actors And Gets WRECKED (TWEETS),"If Republicans were even moderately literate, they would know that the message of Shakespeare s  Julius Caesar  is that assassinating leaders you don t like is just bad juju all around. Everyone ends up unhappy in the end. Enter Donald Trump Jr, stage far-Right.Shortly after the guy who shot GOP Rep. Steve Scalise and four other people at baseball practice was revealed to be a Green Party person who voted for Jill Stein, regularly bashed Hillary Clinton, and who happened to volunteer for Bernie Sanders  campaign, Donald Trump Jr. hopped on Twitter to blame a bunch of actors. Events like today are EXACTLY why we took issue with NY elites glorifying the assassination of our President,  the tweet reads. It is, of course, referencing the  Shakespeare in the Park  production of  Julius Caesar. Traditionally, the play has featured various world leaders, including Abraham Lincoln, in the role of  Caesar.  In 2013, for example, the very same play with the very same script featured a man who looked strikingly similar to Barack Obama. He was murdered, because the play s plot largely hinges on the historical fact that Julius Caesar was murdered. Here is a photo of the 2013 Caesar:Conservatives said nothing at the time because it was Barack Obama, but when Donald Trump   the current President*   was  Caesar,  all hell broke loose because Republicans, as a group, are f*cking morons.Fortunately, the fine folks on Twitter were kind enough to let him know that he s too stupid to know he s stupid:The point of the play is that political violence is wrong.That s like saying we shouldn t watch Saving Private Ryan or it ll lead to war.  Mikel Jollett (@Mikel_Jollett) June 14, 2017Sorry, I missed this controversy. Is Donald Trump Jr. complaining about New York elites?  Rod Johnson (@hauterodjohnson) June 14, 2017In fairness to Fox, it s probably safe to assume Shakespeare would have detested Trump.  Rod Johnson (@hauterodjohnson) June 14, 2017I m afraid they are too ignorant of the plays meaning to see the correlation to modern times. They only see the Trump/Cesar being stabbed  Ellen. (@Ellenmd53) June 14, 2017Remember When Sarah Palin  joked  about having Gabby Giffords in her crosshairs? Literally? Then she was shot.  GrifterIvanka (@notimeforthis24) June 14, 2017Remember When Sarah Palin  joked  about having Gabby Giffords in her crosshairs? Literally? Then she was shot.  GrifterIvanka (@notimeforthis24) June 14, 2017I didn t see anyone speaking up 5 years ago when the play was about assassinating Obama  Impeach Trump (@ForgetTrump2020) June 14, 2017The moral of the play is that violence is wrong. Did you never read Julius Caesar? why are you politicizing the shooting in VA? #Alexandria  Janice Fredericks (@JanFred1903) June 14, 2017you re both so fucking stupid. it s Shakespeare, you inbred cum stain. where were you when they  assassinated  Obama for 8 years?  cx (@cxcope) June 14, 2017Were these people shot by a piece of art or a gun, you fucking idiot?  Sean Hartofilis (@BeachPillows) June 14, 2017Hey Jr, Your father on LIVE TV actually rallied for his supporters to exercise their 2nd Amendment rights against HIlary Clinton. Hypocrite!  DarlaKay (@DarlaForestal) June 14, 2017pic.twitter.com/EFiwlk8Q15  Donald J. Trump (@AKADonaldTrump) June 14, 2017You can t be serious.  raspyvoicedchick (@tammietoren1) June 14, 2017No peep from you when they did the same to Obama?  CamiSheffield (@CamiAnnS) June 14, 2017 Basically, if you haven t noticed, the GOP is effectively fictional detective Frank Drebin lately:(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));This scene has never been funnier.Posted by John Prager on Monday, June 12, 2017While we could not reasonably expect anyone from the Trump family aside from Barron to present a reasonable response to anything   the kid was the only person who showed any sign of dismay when one of Trump s supporters shouted out that Obama should be killed at his father s inauguration, after all   it is still disappointing that Don Jr., like all Republicans, refuses to address the fact that nothing was done to prevent him from getting a gun.Featured image via Getty Images (Win McNamee)/screengrab",0
1142, Rand Paul Forgot To Delete Tweet Calling For People To Use 2nd Amendment To ‘Shoot At The Government’,"In the wake of a mass shooting that left a Republican member of congress and several others injured, many on both sides of the aisle are asking that the partisan rhetoric on both sides cool down a bit. It s an admirable goal and one worth reaching for. However, it s also worth noting that the very same Republicans now suggesting liberals are inciting violence don t seem to have the same concerns about their own side.The calls to  cool down partisan rhetoric,  ironic as it may be, seem to be entirely partisan. One side   and it rhymes with treepublicans   aren t pulling their weight. The story unfolds each time this happens like clockwork: Liberals join with conservatives in condemning hate on both sides. Conservatives fall silent when right-wing extremists go on violent rampages, repeatedly failing to police their own.A prime example of this disconnect is Sen. Rand Paul. He was at the baseball practice when shots began to ring out. He was unharmed, but experienced the horror. However, his understandable desire to condemn political violence is not reflected in his Twitter history. Just last year, while a Democrat was still president and during the deeply-heated election, he passed along a message of encouraging political violence. Quoting a Fox News guest, Paul wrote:.@Judgenap: Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!  Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) June 23, 2016Amazingly, he never bothered to delete the tweet. (We took screenshots in case he decides to now.)The political climate of June 2016 was, in some ways, even more heated than it is now. By that point in Obama s presidency, it had become clear that the right s boogieman was not going to be impeached and that his two terms in office had been overwhelming successful. Confronted with that reality, conservatives grew hysterical. Even in the months before he left office, Obama was being labeled by right-wing media as  tyrannical. Here s how The Federalist, a so-called  intellectual  right-wing outlet, was describing Obama just months before Rand s tweet:The year before, Sen. Ted Cruz and Texas Governor Greg Abbott were seriously suggesting that Obama might invade Texas and enact a martial law program named  Jade Helm  to confiscate Texans  guns. The allegations were patently absurd, but they riled up many conservatives who suddenly became terrified that the government was about to round them up and put them in detention camps. (Trump s friend Alex Jones helped promote the idea, going so far as claim to have identified several locations where the military was setting up internment areas.)Rand Paul isn t the only one to blame here. Fox News, which today is making blanket, factless statements about the  violence  of liberals, was responsible for the original comment by Judge Napolitano, a longtime contributor to the network and full-time nutjob. Nobody batted an eye when he encouraged people to lash out at the  tyrannical  government with guns. Fox was being viewed by millions of people a day, all being told relentlessly that Obama was acting like a dictator. They could connect the dots.In conclusion: Spare the indignation, conservatives. While we can all agree that violence has no place in the political discourse, that only works if both sides are operating in good faith. So far, Republicans have not shown an ability to condemn their own violent extremists the way they have asked liberals to do. Without that equal shouldering of the responsibility there can be no true change in the political climate.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1143," Kellyanne Conway, Trump Jr. Spread False Info About Capitol Shooter To Blame It On Liberals","It took Trump s family and friends under an hour after a mass shooting at a congressional Republican baseball practice to win the awards for  Worst Reaction to a Mass Shooting.  And sadly, many Trump voters appear to be eating it up.Both Kellyanne Conway and Donald Trump Jr. managed to promote unsubstantiated and largely debunked information coming out to push a narrative that the shooter had targeted Republicans and not Democrats. The reality is: Nobody knows why the shooter did it. Not yet.Don and Kellyanne both used a single source: Rep. Jeff Duncan, whose narrative began coming to pieces shortly after he had made the comment.The man Duncan and other Republicans described as having asked whether the people playing baseball were Republicans or Democrats looked nothing like the man who later shot at them, as numerous reporters began noting.The description of the guy who asked lawmakers if GOP or Dems was practicing and the actual shooter appear to be different people.  Kyle Feldscher (@Kyle_Feldscher) June 14, 2017.@RepDeSantis says the guy who asked him if it was GOP or Dems was in running clothes.@JeffFlake said shooter was wearing jeans.  Kyle Feldscher (@Kyle_Feldscher) June 14, 2017Especially since DeSantis said the guy wasn t carrying anything at the time. AR-15s not the easiest to hide.  Emily Crockett (@emilycrockett) June 14, 2017In fact, as Andrea Mitchell reported, the FBI is now saying it does not appear to, at first glance, have a political motivation.FBI takes over investigation discounts reports of political motive Alexandria police say 5 people transported to hospital community is safe https://t.co/ZifZ6pZa4V  Andrea Mitchell (@mitchellreports) June 14, 2017Despite that lack of confirmation, right-wing media ran with the unsubstantiated reports like they were official statements by investigators. Drudge, in one egregious example, even misquoted one of the Republicans at the scene to make it seem like the shooter said he wanted to kill as many Republicans as possible. Breitbart and InfoWars both quickly joined in. No such words were said.The White House released a statement saying the president had been  briefed  on the situation, but it s unclear what his briefing looked like. Trump gets much of his news from Drudge, Breitbart and Fox News. It s entirely possible that the President of the United States believes the lies being spread by right-wing media and his advisors.At this time no one knows the true motives of the shooter. Police have him in custody and, unlike Trump s son, are conducting a thorough investigation before blasting out unsubstantiated reports into the public. Rather than waiting, the right-wing media and Trump s own White House decided to exploit the tragedy in order to further their agenda of smearing liberals. It s beyond maddening to watch the group who once called President Obama  divisive  for expressing sorrow for Trayvon Martin now openly and gleefully delight in spreading vitriol and lies about their political opponents.UPDATE: FBI investigators identified the shooter as James Hodgkinson. There is evidence to suggest he supported Bernie Sanders during the Democratic primary. Police have again dismissed the idea that he had asked people at the baseball game what political affiliation they were.What still isn t known is why he decided to go on a shooting spree.BREAKING: Gov't official: Suspect in shooting of congressman in Virginia identified as Illinois man named James T. Hodgkinson.  The Associated Press (@AP) June 14, 2017UPDATE 2: Rep. Duncan says he still believes the man who approached him earlier in the morning was the shooter. Adds that it isn t uncommon for people to drop by and ask questions.Rep. Duncan says he had the conversation with person he believes was shooter, who asked if team practicing was GOP or Democrat  Caitlin Huey-Burns (@CHueyBurns) June 14, 2017Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
1144," Workers At Ivanka Trump’s Clothing Factory Claim Extremely Low Wages, Abuse","Workers at PT Buma, the Korean-owned garment factory in Subang, Indonesia, responsible for creating the pieces that make up Ivanka Trump s fashion label, told in personal interviews with The Guardian of the horrendous conditions they are forced to endure working for Donald Trump s daughter.PT Buma started in Indonesia in 1999 and is one of the suppliers to G-III Apparel Group, the wholesale manufacturer for Ivanka Trump s brand, among others. Earning 2.3 million rupiahs, the equivalent of around $173 a month, employees bring home one of the lowest minimum wages in Asia and workers reported regularly working unpaid overtime while trying to meet impossibly high production targets. The management is getting smarter: they tap out our ID cards at 4 p.m. so you can t prove anything,  said Wilden, a 25-year-old male employee.Another clever tactic used is avoiding paying bonuses for religious holidays by simply firing the employees just before them. Indonesia is a Muslim country and the factory s management has been accused of firing employees before the holy month of Ramadan, only to rehire them again at the month s end. When employees are working, however, they are often referred to by derogatory names such as  animals,   moron  and  monkey  by factory management and suffer through what has been described as  violations of women s rights .When Alia, one of the 2,759 workers at PT Buma, was explained the general idea of Ivanka Trump s new book on women in the workplace, she burst out laughing. Her idea of work-life balance, she said, would be if she could see her children more than once a month.To make matters worse, of those 2,759 workers, only around 200 are unionized, split between two different unions. Of the non-union workers, around three-quarters are women who, like Alia, spend almost all of their income on their children, children they can t even afford to see, let alone even live with.Another such worker is Sita, 23, who will soon be terminated after seven months work and will receive no severance. That s one of the company s ways to cope with extra expenses,  Sita said.  I can t stand it anymore. I work unpaid overtime every day and still earn just 2.3 million [rupiah] a month. I m planning to move from Subang, where the minimum wage is too low. But I don t know where to go yet. I haven t got any connections. Don t be fooled, though, PT Buma factory workers know exactly who they are working for and they don t like it. Ahmad, an observant Muslim who works at the factory with his wife, as well as many of his other family members, said  We don t like Donald Trump s policies,  in reference to the president s Muslim travel ban, which he had been following on TV. But we re not in a position to make employment decisions based on our principles,  Ahmad said.These latest complaints come just weeks after one activist was arrested and several others went missing in May while attempting to investigate a separate factory that makes Ivanka Trump-branded shoes in China.Featured image via Clemens Bilan   Pool /Getty Images",0
1145, Republican Senator Considers Obstruction Of Justice Investigation Against Trump (DETAILS),"Chuck Grassley, the Republican chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, hinted at the possibility of laying obstruction of justice charges down against Donald Trump in a conversation with CNN s Manu Raju yesterday.Raju relayed a message to Grassley from Ranking Member Dianne Feinstein, a Democrat out of California, in the Senate s hallways. According to Raju, Feinstein  says that she wants the Judiciary Committee to investigate potential obstruction of justice. Raju was referring to a letter Feinstein wrote to Grassley on Friday in which she begged the committee to  investigate all issues that raise a question of obstruction of justice. These issues should be developed by our legal staff, presented to us, and be subject to full Committee hearings.  Grassley s response was one that we all wanted to hear. Let me give you a process answer because this is where we are,  Grassley replied to Raju.  Sen. Feinstein wanted to talk to me by phone today. I sent word back that I d like to have her and I sit down face-to-face and we ll work out all of the subpoenas and all the stuff we have to do in the future and work out a whole program. Raju pressed for more details, asking,  Are you okay, though, looking into the potential of obstruction of justice? Is that something for your committee? We re going to leave that to a conversation with Feinstein,  was Grassley s answer.Dianne Feinstein s letter to Grassley mainly focussed on fired Acting Attorney General Sally Yates, who, on January 26 and 27, warned White House counsel that then-National Security Advisor Michael Flynn had lied about his contact with the Russian Ambassador, leading to Flynn s forced resignation. She also mentioned that, if necessary, the committee could subpoena Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats and National Security Agency Director Administrator Mike Rogers following their unforthcoming responses when questioned by the Senate Intelligence Committee.These could be the subpoenas that Chuck Grassley was referring to, but you can make up your own mind by reading Feinstein s letter and watching Raju and Grassley s exchange, here.GRASSLEY says he's meeting soon with Feinstein to discuss subpoeanas on Russia, FBI, Comey probes. https://t.co/wgNDVuy29D  Manu Raju (@mkraju) June 13, 2017Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1146," Trump Just Broke A New Record, Finally Has A ‘Win’ That Will Shock America (IMAGE)","Donald Trump doesn t have any legislative wins under his belt yet, but there s one thing he s been really good at   shattering records with his historically low approval rating.Thanks to a new Gallup poll, we now know that Trump s disapproval rating has a three-day rolling average of 60 percent, beating his own previous record. You can check out the stats below:According to Gallup: Trump s approval ratings are also near his administration s low point when looking at the three-day approval ratings Gallup reports daily. For June 10-12, Trump averaged 36% approval, one point above his low of 35% measured March 26-28. Trump s current three-day average of 60% disapproval is, by one point, the highest of his administration. Now that a vast majority of Americans   many of which are probably Republicans or Trump voters   are finally admitting that they want Trump out of the White House, we couldn t be happier. It s clear that Trump s insane Russia scandal is taking a toll on his standing with the country, and his many losses are undoubtedly helping him become more unpopular by the day.These numbers from Gallup come just as the Senate Republicans are trying to roll out another health care bill   which will probably only make Trump s ratings plummet even more, considering how badly the first stab at Trumpcare hurt Trump s ratings.Trump loves boasting about his wins and records, but it s unlikely that he s going to want to brag about the fact that no president in history has gotten so unpopular so quickly   and the chances are, Trump is going to keep going down because he sabotages himself almost every day with his erratic behavior and social media habits. It won t be long before even more of the country turns against him, especially as Trump s Russia investigation is currently heating up. He can t hide from the facts for long   America won t let him.Featured image via Pool / Getty Images",0
1147," BREAKING: Shooter Targets Congressional Republicans At Baseball Practice, Steve Scalise Shot","As the divisions in the nation bubble over, it seems that one person has snapped, and done the unthinkable: opened fire on a baseball practice full of Congressional Republicans in Alexandria, Virginia. Reports are steadily coming in, and it has been confirmed that House Majority Whip Steve Scalise has been shot. He is currently en route to a nearby hospital and is said to be in stable condition. There are also reports that Capitol Hill police officers and possibly Congressional aides have been injured as well. There is currently no reporting available on their condition. Reports suggest that the shooter was either taken down by Capitol Hill police or taken into custody.The really sad thing about this incident is that this practice was in preparation for a bipartisan baseball game that is supposed to promote unity between the two parties. Further, things would have been much worse if Rep. Scalise had not been there because Capitol Police would not have been present without a member of leadership in attendance.This is seriously the work of someone truly sick. No one should be killing anyone, for any reason, but certainly, this targeting of lawmakers at a baseball practice that was designed to help the nation take a break from ugly partisan politics is truly beyond the pale. Political violence is never acceptable, period.If this isn t proof that we really need to turn down the temperature when it comes to the rhetoric and divisions in this nation posthaste, I don t know what is.This is a developing story. Stay tuned to Addicting Info for continued updates.Here is the live feed monitoring this tragedy, via CNN:Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1148, NUTJOB Missouri State Rep Beheads Live Chicken On Facebook Video To Make Point About Abortion,"A Missouri state representative is making national headlines today after he shared a video on Facebook of him decapitating a living chicken to drive home his disgusting opinion about abortion.In the grotesque video, GOP state Rep. Mike Moon promotes his anti-abortion bill while he hangs a live chicken upside down from a tree branch.Mr. Moon then says, When the governor called for the second special session this year, I was right in the middle of my summer job. But like any good career politician, when I get the call, I m going back to work,  he happily exclaims as he starts to slice into the neck of the chicken, causing it to writhe around and flap its wings.He then proceeds to mutilate the chicken, pulling out its heart while lecturing about the need to protect human lives. God gave us man dominion over life. He allows us to raise animals properly and care for them and then process them for food so we can sustain life. And that s what I m doing here with this chicken. So we ve been called back to this special session for the primary purpose of supporting life, protecting the unborn specifically. I think we need to get to the heart of the matter here. So today, I m filing a bill that will lead to the stopping of abortion in the state of Missouri and I hope you ll support it. The Springfield News reports that Moon s bill emphasizes that Missouri protect the right to life of all humans, born and unborn   and to require due process of law before the life of any human, born or unborn, is ended prior to natural death. The National Abortion Rights Leauge didn t think the stunt was very funny and calls Moon out for playing  political games  with the healthcare of women. It was insulting watching Rep. Moon use the rights of women across Missouri as some kind of political prop,  the organization said.  His call to ban abortion is disturbing and dangerous, no matter what he does with that chicken. Hopefully, the backlash from this stunt will make Mr. Moon realize that women deserve access to healthcare, regardless of what he likes to do to chicken in the privacy of his own home.Feature image via Screen Capture",0
1149," REPORT: Trump Tried To Pull His Own Saturday Night Massacre, WH Aides Said Hell No","Donald Trump has to be the most corrupt  president  America has ever seen. After his infamous firing of FBI Director James Comey over the investigation into his campaign s ties to Russia, Trump was reportedly infuriated that his racist elf of an Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, recused himself from all things related to Russia. Then, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein saw fit to appoint former FBI Director Robert Mueller as a Special Counsel to get to the bottom of the Russia matter. Now, it seems that Mueller, who enjoys broad bipartisan support and has an impeccable reputation in Washington, is now in Trump s crosshairs. In fact, it is now being reported that Trump wanted to fire Mueller, and was only stopped by his own White House staff, because any thinking person knows that this would be a political   and potentially legal- disaster.The rumors of Trump s intention to fire Mueller were first fueled by an interview that Newsmax CEO and close Trump confidante Christopher Ruddy gave to PBS Newshour. In that interview, Ruddy said of what he knew of Trump s paranoid thinking on the matter: I think he s considering perhaps terminating the special counsel. I think he s weighing that option. Well, Trump had better get that option out of his head; after all, even the GOP sycophants in Congress are saying that this is a bridge too far, and that Trump needs to leave Special Counsel Mueller alone and let him do his investigation. Congressman Adam Schiff (D-CA), who is the Ranking Member on the House Intelligence Committee has already told Trump that going after Mueller would be a waste of time, because Congress would intervene.If President fired Bob Mueller, Congress would immediately re-establish independent counsel and appoint Bob Mueller. Don't waste our time.  Adam Schiff (@RepAdamSchiff) June 12, 2017Trump is acting like Richard Nixon did toward the end of Watergate. If he starts trying to treat Robert Mueller like Richard Nixon treated Archibald Cox, it will not end well for him.Let s see you fire Robert Mueller, you orange buffoon. You ll die in jail if the people who actually care about this nation have anything to say about it.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1150," Sessions Too Intimidated To Answer Harris’s Hot Questions At Hearing, So She SCORCHES Him On Twitter (Details)","The U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee hearing with Attorney General Jeff Sessions took place today in what turned out to be quite the drama show. An obviously nervous and intimidated Jeff Sessions skirted around a lot of tough questions asked by Senators about Trump and Russia. Kamala Harris (D-CA) was interrupted multiple times by Sessions and a Republican senator. Harris, a former hard-hitting prosecutor, tore into Sessions on Twitter for being so scared to answer her simple questions.It was a simple question. Can Sessions point to the policy, in writing, that allows him to not answer a whole host of our questions today.  Kamala Harris (@KamalaHarris) June 13, 2017It's unacceptable that Sessions   the top law enforcement official in the country   cannot name his legal basis for evading questions.  Kamala Harris (@SenKamalaHarris) June 13, 2017 I don t know.   I don t recall.   I don t remember.  Did you refresh your memory with any written documents? #SessionsHearing  Kamala Harris (@KamalaHarris) June 13, 2017Before becoming a Senator, Harris built a reputation as a fierce prosecutor in the courtroom while heading the Career Criminal Unit in the District Attorney s Office of San Francisco. She also became the Attorney General of California.Kamala doesn t hold back when it comes to getting the answers Americans need and deserve.Watch the show go do in a dramatic exchange with Senators Kamala Harris, John McCain, and Richard Burr at the hearing today.Featured image via screencapture",0
1151, Sen. Heinrich Just Wiped The Floor Jeff Sessions During Intel Hearing (VIDEO),"Attorney General Jeff Sessions appeared before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Tuesday afternoon and not surprisingly, there were a lot of things he really didn t want to talk about. When he refused to answer the questions of Sen. Martin Heinrich, the Democrat from New Mexico went the f*ck off.Sessions repeatedly said that he couldn t talk about this or that because it would be  inappropriate  to reveal his private conversations with Donald Trump. But Heinrich was not satisfied with any of this nonsense. Attorney General Sessions, has the president ever expressed his frustration to you regarding your decision to recuse yourself?  Heinrich asked.Sessions began to say that he was  not able to share  this information with the committee when Heinrich cut him off. You re invoking executive privilege?  the senator asked. I m not able to invoke executive privilege. That s the president s prerogative,  Sessions replied.At this point, Heinrich unleashed his wrath.My understanding is that you took an oath, you raised your right hand here today and you said that you would solemnly tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, and now you re not answering questions.You re impeding this investigation, so my understanding of the legal standard is that you either answer the question. That s the best outcome.You say this is classified, can t answer it here. I ll answer it in closed session. That s bucket number two. Bucket number three is to say I m invoking executive privilege. There is no appropriateness bucket. It is not a legal standard. Can you tell me why what are these long-standing DOJ rules that protect conversations made in the executive without invoking executive privilege?Sessions insisted that he was just  protecting the president s constitutional right by not giving it away before he has a chance to review it.  But Heinrich told him that  he couldn t have it both ways. The attorney general continued to argue that his silence was consistent with the policies of the Department of Justice. But when Heinrich asked to see those policies, Sessions ended up saying that it was his  judgment that it would be inappropriate  to share this information. There are also other privileges that could be invoked. One of the things deals with the investigation of the special counsel as other   Sessions began to say when Heinrich interrupted him again to remind him that there are multiple investigations going on.We re not asking questions about that investigation. If I wanted to ask questions about that investigation, I d ask those of rod Rosenstein. I m asking about your personal knowledge from this committee which has a constitutional obligation to get to the bottom of this.There are two investigations here. There is a special counsel investigation. There is also a congressional investigation, and you are obstructing that congressional delegation   investigation by not answering these questions, and I think your silence, like the silence of Director Coats, like the silence of Admiral Rogers speaks volumes.Sessions never did provide a satisfactory to Heinrich s question, but Heinrich just became one of my favorite senators today. You can watch Sen. Heinrich wipe the floor with Jeff Sessions below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
1152, NBA Champions Give Trump The Finger With SPECTACULAR “Unanimous Team Decision”,"The Golden State Warriors just clenched the 2017 NBA Champions against the Cleveland Cavaliers. They fought hard in the 4-1 series, winning the title Monday night in their home city of Oakland. The following morning they decided to do something almost as amazing.Golden State decided in a unanimous decision not to go to the White House and meet with Donald Trump, which is customary for the winning team to do each year.This is the second NBA championship for Golden State in the past three years, as well as the third consecutive finals series against Cleveland.When the Warriors beat the Cavaliers in the finals back in 2015, they attended the customary celebration ceremony at the White House and were honored by former President Barack Obama. Last year, the Cavaliers took part in a similar visit.This isn t the first time American sports champions have refused to attend the customary White House visit under Trump. Many players on the New England Patriots did not visit Trump after their Super Bowl win due to political reasons.The Golden State Warriors have yet to make any statements about why they made this decision, but it s pretty obvious. What better way to use your fame and influence than to let Trump know how dissatisfied the people are. America is choosing to celebrate its biggest victories without him. Go Warriors!Photo by Thearon W. Henderson/Getty Images",0
1153, Snowflake Trump Demands An Apology From The Media And The Internet Laughs At Him,"Donald Trump went on a whining rant about the media on Tuesday morning and got totally humiliated.As he usually does, Trump woke up and immediately took to Twitter to attack Democrats, the courts, and the media.He accused Democrats of being obstructionists and once again declared that the Affordable Care Act is in a  death spiral,  a spiral he himself caused by attacking the law through executive orders.Trump also bitched about the 9th Circuit Court blocking his Muslim ban.But he saved most of his vitriol for the media.The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty. Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. Sad!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 13, 2017Fake News is at an all time high. Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories???  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 13, 2017< /script></p> <blockquote class=""twitter-tweet"" data-lang=""en""> <p lang=""en"" dir=""ltr"">Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting.</p> <p>&mdash; Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) <a href=""https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/874619861019840512"">June 13, 2017</a></p> </blockquote> <p>Yep, Trump literally demanded an apology from the media for doing their jobs, which drew a belly laugh from Twitter users, who proceeded to mock Trump for being a snowflake.Like the time where they said Ms Universe had a sex tape and everyone should watch it even though it didn t exist?  Evan Dashevsky (@haldash) June 13, 2017Or the time the Fake News said your birth certificate was a fraud they STILL haven t apologized to you for that one! What gives?  Evan Dashevsky (@haldash) June 13, 2017Also, remember when the Fake News said your dad assassinated JFK. Still waiting for them to apologize on that one.  Evan Dashevsky (@haldash) June 13, 2017Where is your apology for trying to ban muslims, taking billions away from healthcare, destroying the environment, and betraying the USA?  Jules Suzdaltsev (@jules_su) June 13, 2017Translation:  Why won t the media worship me properly?  kim (@kim) June 13, 2017Where is your apology to the voters for claiming you won the popular vote?  Morten  verbye (@morten) June 13, 2017Where is your apology to Muslims in New Jersey for claiming they celebrated on 9 11?  Morten  verbye (@morten) June 13, 2017Where is your apology to John McCain for saying he is not a war hero?  Morten  verbye (@morten) June 13, 2017We ve officially stepped through the looking glass   Man who has never apologized for anything in his life is Whining about wanting apology.  Dana Smith (@Brady5thOrBust) June 13, 2017#Trump claimed Obama was born in Kenya and he complains about fake news.  Jeffrey Guterman (@JeffreyGuterman) June 13, 2017And that Obama put a  tapp  on his lines at trump tower.  Angela Jackson (@butterbeangabs) June 13, 2017Don t forget Microwave Spying!  Jamie (@xochewie) June 13, 2017And the  proof  of 3-5 million illegal votes!  Dana Smith (@Brady5thOrBust) June 13, 2017And the largest Inauguration crowd since Obama  D backl (@DanBackl) June 13, 2017It sounds like Donald Trump is the one who better start apologizing. He can do it all at once by resigning and turning himself in to federal authorities.Featured Image: Mario Tama/Getty Images",0
1154, Trump Keeps Shooting Himself In The Foot With Tweets Because He Doesn’t Know When To Shut Up,"Some people believe that Trump is  journaling  his thoughts by posting on Twitter. He s being transparent, they say.What these people fail to realize is, maybe sharing his thoughts to the entire world isn t the best idea.Or, maybe it is a good idea. We get to really see what kind of man Trump is while he shoots himself in the foot.According to Fortune, Donald Trump s tweets about his  travel ban  helped convince an appeals court to block the controversial plan once again. It s the second time his own comments have helped the courts knock down the executive order.The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals came to a decision on Monday, ruling that Trump s attempt to block immigration from six predominantly Muslim countries  exceeded the scope of the authority delegated to him by Congress. In their ruling, the judges cited a tweet from the President that was posted after the recent terrorist attack in London. In this tweet, Trump stated that the U.S. needed a travel ban  for certain dangerous countries. President Trump s tweets continue to be cited in court decisions. This from the 9th circuit just now: pic.twitter.com/4qN3thefAq  Matt Viser (@mviser) June 12, 2017Gee. I wonder which countries he means.Trump didn t stop at one tweet about the ban, either. Trump also tweeted that he supported his original order, not the  watered down, politically correct version  that his own advisers had convinced him to sign.The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to S.C.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017No matter what way they try to spin it, we all know that Trump means a disgusting Muslim ban. He even outright admitted it by saying he does not support the  politically correct version . And even that  politically correct version  was a bunch of crap, too.Luckily, the courts recognize this. The Order seeks to ban people from specific countries, but it does not provide any link between an individual s nationality and their propensity to commit terrorism or their inherent dangerousness,  the judges said.  In short, the Order does not provide a rationale explaining why permitting entry of nationals from the six designated countries  would be detrimental. Source: FortuneKicking yourself now for stating that Trump s tweets are official White House statements, aren t you, Spicer?Like I said   there s obvious good from Trump s Twittering. Trump helped stopped his travel ban executive order once again.Featured Image by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1155, Gender Equality Justice For Unwed American Mothers And Fathers Abroad,"The U.S. Supreme Court has struck down a backward, gender discriminating federal law based on shocking stereotypes   one being that most men hardly care about their children born out of wedlock.Under this law, a child born abroad to an unwed American mother automatically becomes a U.S. citizen if the mother previously lived in the U.S. for a minimum of one year.Under the very same law, a child of an unwed father can t become a U.S. citizen unless the father has lived in the U.S. for a continuous period of five years, two of them when he was over the age of 14.How could this law have such requirements? Who would think this? How did that even pass originally? It s sad and disgusting.Thankfully, the U.S. Supreme Court agrees. They have ruled that these horrid gender lines drawn by Congress violate the Constitution s guarantee to equal protection of the law.The problems with this law were brought forward for scrutiny by Luis Ram n Morales-Santana who born in the Dominican Republic to unwed parents. His mother was from the Dominican Republic while his father was a U.S. citizen.At the time of Morales-Santana s birth, his father was in the Dominican Republic working on a construction project.Morales-Santana came to the U.S. with his parents as a permanent resident. In 2000, after he was convicted of several felonies, the government wanted to deport him.With the law in place, Morales-Santana s father fell short of the requirements for Morales-Santana to qualify for automatic U.S. citizenship. This meant deportation looked plausible.According to NPR, the rule in a typical case would be to extend the favorable treatment of one sex   in this case, women   to men. But with this case, Ginsburg observed, favorable treatment for mothers was the exception to the general rule in the statute.Though the U.S. Supreme Court saw the law s requirements as unconstitutional gender discrimination, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said the court was not free to make the exception into the general rule. Instead, she said, it is up to Congress to set the same rule for everyone.Yep. Now it s a matter of convincing Congress to fix their mess of a law. And it gets even worse. According to Ginsburg, the law would have to be equalized by making unwed mothers abide by the tougher citizenship rules that apply to unwed fathers.So there you have it   equality between unwed mothers and unwed fathers for their children s U.S. citizenship. Not what we were all expecting, but it is indeed equal.Featured image via Robert Nickelsberg/Getty Images",0
1156, Trump BLOCKS Stephen King After Writer Delivers This Particularly Brutal Mockery On Twitter,"Acclaimed horror writer Stephen King is no fan of Donald Trump and has been calling him and his administration out on Twitter every step of the way. The scathing callouts have a tendency to go viral as people relish the no-nonsense way King approaches condemning Trump.Finally Trump seems to have had enough of the mockery. He just blocked Stephen King on Twitter. King relayed the news to his fans with typical humor.Trump has blocked me from reading his tweets. I may have to kill myself.  Stephen King (@StephenKing) June 13, 2017King has been outspoken about Trump and his Republican enablers for years. He recently described Trump s presidency as  worse than any horror story I ever wrote.  What drove Trump to finally block Stephen King? It appears to be this tweet, published shortly before King was blocked.Trump's cabinet offers a postgraduate-level course in ass-kissing.  Stephen King (@StephenKing) June 13, 2017King was referring to a brutally awkward photo op Trump held at the White House yesterday in which he forced his cabinet members to publicly praise him. The moment stunned journalists accustomed to living in a democracy where this sort of cult-like worship of a Dear Leader isn t common.This interminable cabinet spray, where everybody pays tribute to Trump, is one of the most exquisitely awkward public events I've ever seen.  Glenn Thrush (@GlennThrush) June 12, 2017The cabinet members, many of whom would be called upon to declare Trump mentally incompetent under the 25th Amendment, one-by-one groveled before Trump as he smiled and nodded. Reince Priebus, who is reportedly on the verge of being fired, laid it on thick by adding that it was a  blessing  to be working for Trump.Trump also may have seen this previous tweet, published the day before, where King knocked Ivanka Trump for disingenuously claiming her father is the victim of bullies in Washington.If Ivanka Trump had grown up in farm country, like some of us, she'd know her father is reaping exactly what he sowed.  Stephen King (@StephenKing) June 12, 2017Whatever the reason, it is not a major surprise to see that Stephen King had finally been blocked. As his poll numbers continue to crater and whispers of impeachment grow louder, Trump has gone on a blocking rampage. It s his way of silencing his critics   and there are a lot of them. On the same day King learned he had been blocked, Trump also blocked a veteran s organization, apparently for advocating for gay rights.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1157, WHOA: Russians Hacked Voting Systems In 39 States,"The Russian attacks on our election were far more widespread than previously thought. Recently, a woman by the name of Reality Winner was arrested for leaking classified information related to Kremlin hacking of multiple states  election systems. But the information Winner released is mild in comparison to new information.A new report reveals that Putin s cyberthugs breached voting systems in 39 states  and contrary to the Republican narrative, they did attempt to change or delete voter data in attacks that so concerned the Obama administration that they complained directly to Russia about it.According to Bloomberg, the Obama administration was concerned that the Russian hackers were preparing to delete voter registration information or otherwise disrupt the vote. In fact, they did attempt to alter and delete voter data in Illinois. That idea would obsess the Obama White House throughout the summer and fall of 2016, outweighing worries over the DNC hack and private Democratic campaign emails given to Wikileaks and other outlets, according to one of the people familiar with those conversations,  Bloomberg reports. The Homeland Security Department dispatched special teams to help states strengthen their cyber defenses, and some states hired private security companies to augment those efforts. Bloomberg notes that in many cases, it is difficult to tell how far Russia infiltrated, as some states have offered  limited cooperation  with investigations.How much did Donald Trump s team know about the Russian hacking of our election? It s difficult to tell at this point   but the fervor with which The Donald s friends are defending the Kremlin and denying that the attacks happened sends a clear message that they knew a lot.Featured image via Getty Images/Chip Somodevilla",0
1158, Sandy Hook Mom SHREDS Megyn Kelly For Interviewing Conspiracy Nut Alex Jones (TWEETS),"Megyn Kelly may have departed Fox News for more legitimate pastures at NBC, but she s no less of a right-wing hack. If anything, she s openly doing Donald Trump s bidding from her new anchor chair. Case in point   Kelly decided to bring fringe conspiracy nut Alex Jones in for an interview. This is the same guy who says the mass shooting of more than 20 innocent small children and teachers at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown Connecticut is a government hoax that used child actors to fool the world in order to promote gun control.Well, the mother of one of the victims of that very same shooting took Kelly to the woodshed for legitimizing Jones. Nelba Marquez-Greene took to Twitter and ripped Kelly apart:Hey @megynkelly , let me know if you want to give his victims equal air time. Promoting this fool is bad news. Do not encourage his abuse. https://t.co/WTJjFuSSuG  Nelba M rquez-Greene (@Nelba_MG) June 12, 2017To give a man like this such a platform normalizes behavior that isn't normal. How do I explain this to my son? https://t.co/lEVlBR8LI6  Nelba M rquez-Greene (@Nelba_MG) June 12, 2017Here you go @megynkelly   her name is Ana Grace M rquez-Greene. Say her name- stare at this & tell me it's worth it. @nbc #SandyHook pic.twitter.com/mKrU63KWmA  Nelba M rquez-Greene (@Nelba_MG) June 12, 2017In @megynkelly 's America, cruelty gets u on national TV on Father's Day. #SandyHook grieving dads will go to the cemetery. #thisisnotnormal  Nelba M rquez-Greene (@Nelba_MG) June 12, 2017Chelsea Clinton then chimed in to comfort the grieving mother:I am so sorry Nelba you continually confront disbelief and derision. It should be obvious how very, very wrong that is.  Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) June 12, 2017There is no justification for amplifying lies (or a liar), particularly about unimaginable tragedy. I hope no parent, no person watches this https://t.co/nSt1MGGM2U  Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) June 12, 2017After that, Shannon Watts, who founded Moms for Gun Sense in America, took her turn to school Kelly:This is the mother of a child murdered at Sandy Hook   a tragedy Alex Jones says never happened. How could you @megynkelly? #shameonNBC https://t.co/gHaHEhxGCU  Shannon Watts (@shannonrwatts) June 12, 2017Why isn't @megynkelly interviewing Sandy Hook families instead of lying, cruel man who has caused them added suffering? #shameonNBC @nbc https://t.co/yBo6NljTkP  Shannon Watts (@shannonrwatts) June 12, 2017Shame on @MegynKelly and #shameonNBC for allowing this cruel and overexposed liar question whether Sandy Hook happened. @nbc https://t.co/yBo6NlBucn  Shannon Watts (@shannonrwatts) June 12, 2017This is repulsive and immoral. How dare you highlight this ""person"" who accused Aurora and Sandy Hook parents of faking children's deaths?  Shannon Watts (@shannonrwatts) June 12, 2017Once Kelly saw the firestorm coming her way, she insisted that what she is doing is good journalism, since the orange goon in the Oval Office pretending to be president likes Alex Jones and appeared on his show:POTUS's been on & praises @RealAlexJones' show. He's giving Infowars a WH press credential. Many don't know him; our job is 2 shine a light. https://t.co/5e88BJyqnz  Megyn Kelly (@megynkelly) June 12, 2017No, Ms. Kelly. This is not shining a light. Just because the moron in the White House traffics in conspiracies and gets his  news  from lunatics doesn t mean that legitimate journalists need to give this kind of thing a platform. That s the whole point   THIS. IS. NOT. NORMAL.You are giving this bigoted fringe conspiracy theorist a huge platform from a legitimate news network, all the while causing more pain to the families of those murdered children. You should be ashamed of yourself. You and NBC owe these families an apology.As for NBC   if they want to retain their status as one of the main legitimate news networks, they ll fire this hack immediately and refuse to air her garbage.Featured image via Jemal Countess/Getty Images",0
1159, Short Film Envisions Effect Global Warming Will Have On New York With Terrifying Accuracy (VIDEO),"The world was stunned when Donald Trump pulled the USA out of the Paris Climate Accord, claiming that the deal was  very unfair to the United States.  For those that have been living in a bubble, which might be all of us in the near future, the Paris Climate Accord is a deal to keep the global temperature rise only two degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels for this century.Before Trump decided to hastily back out of the deal, there were 195 countries involved in the agreement, the only two not included being Syria, mainly because they have enough on their plate at the moment, and Nicaragua, who thought the plan wasn t stringent enough!Donald Trump has always called New York City home so two film artists who go by both  Claire&Max and Menilmonde have decided to put together a short visual representation to explain what impact an increase of 2 C will have on New York, mainly because we know the president doesn t really read anything. Simply titled Two C, the four-minute film shows the frightening effect of climate change on New York City landmarks if the whole world follows in Trump s footsteps and throws caution to the wind on the issue of climate change.The French pair spoke to indy100 to discuss the two steps involved in completing the project, one that took several months to finish. We needed to delete all the people in the streets and the human life, then we added the water. It s the result of 3D simulation,  they told the online publication.  The place of man in our society is one of the main themes of our work, with the theme of emptiness and abandonment, convinced of the atrophic impact on the environment. We traveled a lot and [were] convinced, too, that our planet is very fragile, but people forget too fast or do not pay attention, still today. Worse, some do not believe in climate warming. They also mentioned that they received a lot of comments telling them that they should ve also included a flooded Trump Tower to really hammer the point home, however, they just hope that Trump s withdrawal will raise more awareness of the Paris climate deal. We thought that Macron had a good reaction with his  Make the planet great again . Communication on climate change must go on and on. Featured image via Menilmonde",0
1160, Trump Boasts About Opening Of First New Coal Mine Of His Presidency (TWEET),"After watching Fox News, Donald Trump took to Twitter, as he is prone to do, to congratulate and pat himself on the back about a story that wasn t really covered, at least in a positive light, by what he likes to refer to as  the fake mainstream media :Congratulations!'First New Coal Mine of Trump Era Opens in Pennsylvania' https://t.co/aIRllxNLQA  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 12, 2017In a move similar to opening more Blockbuster Video stores in an effort to try and boost the retail sector, Trump kept his campaign promise and brought back obsolete jobs by opening a new coal mine in Somerset County, just out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.Although Trump complained throughout his presidential campaign that foreigners were taking American jobs, foreigners aren t responsible for the lack of jobs in the coal mining industry   natural gas took their jobs in the same way that streaming services and downloading tragically made all the video store clerks redundant. Coal mining is a dying, if not almost dead, industry in the USA, but that wasn t going to stop this president.According to the Fox News Insider article posted by Trump, thanks to the president easing the regulations on the mining industry, this new mine can be viewed as somewhat of a milestone, the first new coal mine opened in the U.S.  in recent memory.  It will be operated by Corsa Coal Company and Corsa CEO George Dethlefsen couldn t be happier, especially with the positive effect it will have on the struggling local Pittsburgh economy. Dethlefsen even went as far as to claim that 400 people applied for the 70 new jobs available in the mine.In typical Fox News fashion, Hillary Clinton needed to be dragged into the conversation, with anchorman Leland Vittert feeling the need to mention that this story contrasts with Clinton s aim to  put a lot of coal miners out of work  and added that Democratic Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf, who endorsed Clinton throughout the presidential campaign, even joined the mining company in watching a video message from Trump to commemorate the opening.If there is a positive in this story, the mine will produce bituminous coal, the type used mainly for making steel.Featured image via Ron Sachs-Pool/Getty Images",0
1161," Christian FB Page Threatens To Ban People Who Use Rainbow Emoji, Instantly Backfires","June is LGBTQ Pride month. That means that there are pride flags celebrating LGBTQ peoples across the planet popping up everywhere. This year, they have sprung up all over Facebook in the form of pride flag reaction buttons. Between reactions and flag emojis Facebook is very colorful and very proud this year.Unfortunately, one Facebook page that belongs to a church (presumably real as they post an address on their page) called the  Warriors for Christ  decided to try and ruin everyone else s fun when they published a post promising to ban anyone who uses the rainbow flag emoji on their page.The original post has been taken down. Thankfully, screenshots were taken of the post by the Friendly Atheist, writing for Patheos.Screenshot found via PatheosThe post has unleashed a mass of LGBT supporters, who are now bombarding the page with pride flag reactions and pro-LGBTQ sentiments. The page admin(s) responded exactly as you might expect, with venom. The admins stupidity reached critical mass when they alluded that Satan himself had summoned LGBTQ supporters to plague them. I couldn t be more, well, proud of the internet s response to such a bigoted sentiment. Living in a post-marriage-equality world, many people may think that we are also living in a post-homophobic world as well. Nothing could be further from the truth. In fact, 2016 was the deadliest year on record for LGBTQ individuals. Analysts have concluded that the current political climate has influenced this uptick in violence.Now, more than ever, LGBTQ people and their allies need to stand together proudly and visibly to denounce bigotry and homophobia. As the LGBTQ rights activist, Harvey Milk once said,  If a bullet should enter my brain, let that bullet also destroy every closet door in the country.  Milk s tactic of encouraging LGBT people to come out of the closet proved to be a very effective tactic in combating prejudices. It s good to see the tactic has been carried over into the digital world, with millions of people showing everyone publicly that they stand with LGBTQ people.Featured image via Warriors for Christ Facebook page logo with rainbow filter and screenshot added",0
1162, How The GOP Became The Party Of White Supremacists Under Donald Trump,"The Republican Party has always had a problem with racism. That s no accident; after all it was their racist  Southern Strategy  that got them the votes of racist white southerners once the Civil Rights Act was signed. Modern day Republicans like to point out that it was the Democrats who were the party of the Ku Klux Klan and other racists, but the parties switched sides once the Civil Rights Act was signed by President Lyndon B. Johnson, because Southern Democrats couldn t abide the idea of de-segregating the south and starting down the path of trying to kill racism as a matter of policy and practice as they knew it. That s how the racists wound up in the GOP, and the Democrats lost the South for a generation. It s also why, to this day, the GOP has such a hard time with minority voters. However, something amazing has happened to the Republican Party in this area with Donald Trump as its titular head. They have literally become the party of white supremacists   and they aren t even trying to hide it anymore.Just a few years ago, no one would have thought this possible   not even elected Republicans themselves. For instance, when notoriously racist Rep. Steve King ( R- Iowa) made his infamous comment about Mexican immigrants having  calves the size of cantaloupes because they re hauling 75 pounds of marijuana across the desert,  then- House Speaker John Boehner said, from a podium to the press that the comments were  hateful,  and  offensive.  There were also reports that Boehner said privately that King is an  asshole  for saying what he said.That was just three years ago in 2014. To compare, here in 2017, when King made a much worse remark   the infamous and openly white nationalist  we can t restore our civilization with somebody else s babies  tweet   current House Speaker Paul Ryan was tepid in his response, only saying that he is sure that Rep. King  misspoke. To top it all off, King tweeted that in support of far-right Dutch candidate for high office Geert Wilders, who literally wants to outlaw the religion of Islam. Something tells me that if given the chance, Steve King would outlaw Islam in America.Wilders understands that culture and demographics are our destiny. We can't restore our civilization with somebody else's babies. https://t.co/4nxLipafWO  Steve King (@SteveKingIA) March 12, 2017When King doubled down on the remarks, Speaker Ryan said nothing. Further, only a few GOP elected officials had the nerve to rebuke King   almost all of them minorities. This is because these people know who their base is, who Donald Trump s base is, and they know they need the racists and white supremacists that helped propel Trump to the White House to get reelected.This is all perfectly in line with Trump s infamous call to ban Muslims from entering the nation, and of course, there was former New York Mayor and close Trump confidante Rudy Giuliani s admission that Trump asked him to put together a way for him to ban Muslims that would pass Constitutional muster:Then, we get to the Donald Trump campaign itself. Let s not forget   Trump entered the political arena by trying to delegitimize the first Black president by spreading the racist lie that President Barack Obama was not born here, and forcing him to show his birth certificate in a  show me your papers, boy, type of way. Even when Trump let his birtherism go, he still lied and said Hillary Clinton started it.Also, we all remember how long it took Trump to disavow David Duke and the Ku Klux Klan when Jake Tapper asked him about it. Only then did House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell rebuke him. However, that was before Trump had secured the nomination, too. There was radio silence from GOP leadership on the open racism and anti-Semitism and misogyny of the Trump campaign unless they were cornered, as when #NeverTrump conservative radio host Charlie Sykes forced House Speaker Paul Ryan to answer for Trump s repeated retweets of anti-Semitic images.As for the Trump Administration itself   there are no words for the level of bigotry allowed therein. First, we have Trump campaign CEO turned White House Chief Strategist Stephen K. Bannon, who ran the openly racist and anti-Semitic website Breitbart.com prior to joining Trump s campaign. Bannon is a literal white supremacist. He has said that one book that shapes his world view is a French novel called  Camp of Saints,  which fantasizes that immigrants   conveniently of the black and brown variety   are coming to destroy the white race. Every educated analysis of the novel reveals that it is virulently racist  (this is a book that also happens to be a favorite of Steve King). Then, we have head speechwriter and immigration policy maker Stephen Miller, who shares this ideology and has for a long time; after all, this is a guy who spent his high school years harassing Latino students. Then, there is adviser Sebastian Gorka, who wore a medal from a Hungarian Nazi group to Trump s inauguration. The group said they were proud to see Gorka wearing the medal.Through all of these clearly white supremacist appointments, prominent GOP leaders have been silent. Nothing from House Speaker Paul Ryan, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, or any of the others. In fact, when asked about Bannon, Speaker Ryan only said he hadn t met him. Well, I haven t met David Duke either, but I let his past work inform my opinion of him. When McConnell was asked about Bannon, he was silent, then told the reporters in his office,  It s great to be with you guys today.  Then, aides rushed the reporters out before anyone could press further.What did Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell have to say today about Steve Bannon s appointment? Not much. pic.twitter.com/bPZ2UtRkxW  The Last Word (@TheLastWord) November 16, 2016And let s not forget Attorney General Jeff Sessions, the guy who they all say isn t a racist but was deemed too racist to be confirmed to a federal judgeship by a GOP-controlled Senate in Ronald Reagan s administration in 1986. There s also White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer s saying that Nazi leader Adolf Hitler never used chemical weapons   all while referring to Nazi death camps as  Holocaust Centers.  And there is the White House s engaging in Holocaust denial by omitting any mention of Jewish people from their Holocaust Remembrance Day statement. It turns out that this was deliberate, which is definite Holocaust denial because while other minorities died in the Holocaust as well, Hitler s  Final Solution  was to eradicate the Jewish people from the planet. In short, the Holocaust was specifically about Jews, and the White House is deliberately denying this. Here is video of their statements regarding their omission of the original purpose of the Holocaust, and why they deliberately omitted the mention of Jews:I could go on, but you get the picture. The GOP, in the past, had no issue rebuking open white nationalism. They do now because that is literally who they are. There are white supremacists working in the White House, and all throughout Trump s government. And the mainstream leadership of the Republican Party has absolutely no problem with that at all   because the people with those same repugnant ideas are their base. This is who the GOP is.So, I implore you to look at all the evidence provided here and think   if you are a Republican, but you abhor racism, anti-Semitism, and white supremacy, why are you still a member of the GOP?Featured image via BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images",0
1163," Sean Spicer Bombs Press Briefing, Fails To Defend Trump Over Comey Tapes (VIDEO)","Donald Trump continues to be the biggest pain in the a** for White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer, who seems to visibly hate his job more and more each day.Earlier today, Spicer crashed and burned during his press briefing when reporters cornered him and asked him why Trump refused to release the alleged  tapes  and recordings of the private conversations between himself and former FBI Director James Comey. This was a hot topic, considering that Trump had just accused Comey of lying under oath last week, when Comey said Trump demanded that he drop the investigation on Michael Flynn, Trump s former National Security Adviser.When a reporter questioned Spicer about why Trump wouldn t give up the recordings if they could prove Comey had lied during his hearing, it was clear that Spicer wanted to hide behind the bushes again. Spicer stumbled over his words and said: I think the president made it clear on Friday that he would get back as soon as possible on this. Things got even more humiliating as the reporter pressed Spicer further, So what s he waiting for, what s the delay? It looked like Spicer had completely given up defending Trump or trying to come up with a more clever response. Instead, Spicer said: He s waiting for  he s not waiting for anything. When he s ready to further discuss it, he will, but he laid out his position very clearly, very concisely on Friday. You can watch this very awkward press briefing below:Trump has gotten himself in such a mess with this whole Russia thing that not even his own team knows how to defend him anymore. As Spicer continues to fail Trump, the rumors of his termination have only been strengthened. After Trump sees this, Spicer s days in the White House may be numbered.Featured image via Win McNamee and Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
1164, This Historic Lawsuit May Finally Expose Trump’s Tax Returns,"A first-of-its-kind lawsuit was announced on Monday. The lawsuit will be filed jointly by Maryland s Attorney General, Brian Frosh and the District of Columbia s Attorney General, Karl Racine. The lawsuit claims that Trump is in violation of the emolument clause in the Constitution. The emolument clause prevents the POTUS from receiving gifts from foreign governments. It s essentially a charge of corruption. Because of Trump s refusal to disown his company, the Attorney General s believe that they have the grounds to file an injunction against Trump for violating the Constitution. The president is bound by oath to  faithfully execute  his office and  preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States,  the lawsuit says. The lawsuit also alleges that Trump is, deeply enmeshed with a legion of foreign and domestic government actors. In order for the lawsuit to be successful, the accuser must prove that Trump s business has done harm to Maryland and D.C. A hurdle that the attorney s lawyer will be easy to accomplish.Those who are anxious to take a look at Trump s personal tax returns should follow this case as it develops. Racine and Frosh have stated that the first step in their legal challenge will be to examine Trump s tax returns in order to understand the full extent of his financial holdings. However, the court may impose privacy protections that prevent Trump s tax documents from being released to the public, at least legally. Never in the history of this country have we had a president with these kinds of extensive business entanglements or a president who refused to adequately distance themselves from their holdings,  Racine during said during a press conference in Washington D.C. Racine also said that  We re getting in here to be the check and balance that it appears Congress is unwilling to be. We re bringing [this] suit because the president has not taken adequate steps to separate himself from his business interests. It is unprecedented that the American people must question day after day whether decisions are made and actions are taken to benefit the United States or to benefit Donald Trump,  Frosh said during the press conference.White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer dismissed the lawsuit as nothing more than a political attack aimed at Trump. It s not hard to conclude that partisan politics may be one of the motivations,  behind the legal case, Spicer said in response to the lawsuit.  The suit was filed by two Democratic attorney generals. The lawyers driving the suit are an advocacy group with partisan ties. It actually started with a press conference as opposed to filing it, which is interesting. It should be pointed out that the fact that the suit was announced at a press conference isn t actually very interesting at all. Spicer was blatantly trying to delegitimize the lawsuit by saying that. As per his track record, Spicer actually only continued to be a national embarrassment.What truly is interesting about the case, is that it is being filed by two government officials. Trump s crony corporate administration would absolutely love for the public not recognize that this may prove to be one of the most important lawsuits in this nation s history, given that it will provide likely provide a more concrete legal definition as to what is considered an emolument. Never before has a president been charged successfully as being in violation of the emolument clause. The case could potentially lead to a whole new set of legal restrictions on the president s office.Featured Image: Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1165, Dem. Senator Mocks Trump’s Ridiculous Cabinet Meeting With Hilarious Video,"Donald Trump s presidency is falling apart. Between the Russia investigations, his falling approval numbers and the fact that he s alienating nearly every ally we have, poor little Donny is in desperate need of some good news. So what does every dictator worth his salt do? Forces his staff to compliment him.On Tuesday, Trump let cameras into this very weird cabinet meeting, where after praising himself by saying that few presidents have passed more legislation than him, which is flat-out not true, he went around the table where, surprise, cabinet members also praised him.Here s a sample:This is hilarious & a reminder how bad the  Dear Leader  bubble has gotten.ICYMI, what Schumer is mocking? pic.twitter.com/JuPSprEUkM  Rogue CPI (@RogueCPI) June 12, 2017It didn t take long for Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer to mock Trump. He put out a video with his staff praising his performance on the Sunday news shows. One staffer even complimented his hair. The last staffer was more general, saying that he loved working for Schumer and for his agenda. That s when Schumer lost it. He cracked up and stopped the tape before the last person at the table was able to speak.Here s the video:GREAT meeting today with the best staff in the history of the world!!! pic.twitter.com/ocE1xhEAac  Chuck Schumer (@SenSchumer) June 12, 2017Twitter loved it:Thank you, @SenSchumer for being the best tweeter in the United States government and giving us the opportunity to read them.  AltHomelandSecurity (@AltHomelandSec) June 12, 2017trollololol  Kno (@Kno) June 12, 2017King of trolling!  Chris Rollins (@chrisrollins_) June 12, 2017Awesome!!! Who needs SNL when we ve got Schumer. I hope other Dems do the same thing  MarnieB (@carbon_based_XY) June 12, 2017The problem is cons don t undetstand sarcasm, they don t do irony.  JohnR (@AnglerArcher) June 12, 2017Thats why Im proud to say you re my Senator and you were my Rep before that Brooklyn Snark=?? The Snark is strong in you#GeeksResist gift ? pic.twitter.com/j9QFGrXquN  Obi-Wan Kenobi ?? (@gbmnyc) June 12, 2017It is priceless and let me say Sen your hair is prefect  Ellen Reeher Morris (@EllenMorris1222) June 12, 2017I could not   you more Sen Schumer! And your staff, BRAVO ??? pic.twitter.com/PfRtq6ARhm  Polly Sigh (@dcpoll) June 12, 2017This, my friends, is the difference between Trump and a true leader. Trump demands loyalty while Schumer seems to believe he needs to earn it. Schumer has a sense of humor about his job while Trump has none, about anything. Nothing says you re insecure in your abilities than forcing underlings to give you praise.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1166, WATCH: Trump Declares Himself One Of The Best Presidents In History With Historic Low Approval Rating,"Seriously, this actually just happened.Prior to a round table ass-kissing contest, Donald Trump told a room full of reporters and his Cabinet members that he has passed more legislation than any other president except Franklin D. Roosevelt. I will say that never has there been a president   with few exceptions, in the case of FDR he had a major Depression to handle   who s passed more legislation, who s done more things than what we ve done,  Trump bragged.  We ve achieved tremendous success. I think we ve been about as active as you can possibly be at a just about record-setting pace. Here s the video via POLITICO:Unfortunately for Trump, most of what he has signed is insignificant stuff that Republicans have been easily able to get passed to make it seem like Trump is getting things done. In reality, he s not.As POLITICO points out,Many of the bills Trump has signed, such as designating buildings and appointing board members to the Smithsonian, do not have a major, direct impact on Americans, and Trump s ambitious legislative agenda on tax reform and infrastructure is largely stalled.NBC News further points out that one bill Trump signed was a war memorial, and another encouraged Americans to display the flag on a certain day.None of these pieces of legislation actually do anything to help Americans or improve our country. In short, it s not worth bragging about. The only reason Trump is bragging about it is because he has nothing else to brag about and he wants to convince Americans that he is succeeding. Of course, Trump won t mention that all of bills he has signed are insignificant.Trump s major legislative agenda has been a complete failure while past presidents have major legislative accomplishments on their records through the first 100 days.Trump also whined about Democrats and accused them of being  obstructionists. Here s the video via NBC:The problem with this charge is that it s hypocritical and pathetic.Republicans control both the Senate and the House. So blaming Democrats for his own party s inability to get things passed in Congress is nothing more than an excuse, and a bad one at that.It s also hypocritical because Republicans obstructed President Obama for eight years. To expect Democrats to all of a sudden play ball, especially when such a destructive and incompetent person is in charge of the White House, is ridiculous.Trump claimed that Democrats would not even vote for the greatest healthcare bill in the world. He should put his money where his mouth is. Just introduce a universal healthcare bill in Congress and watch how fast Democrats vote in favor of it. The problem is that Trump s current healthcare bill is nowhere near the greatest. It strips healthcare from millions of people while giving massive tax breaks to wealthy people such as himself. It also raises the cost of healthcare and gives insurance companies the power to drop customers for a variety of reasons, including if a woman was raped.This Cabinet meeting was nothing more than blatant propaganda designed to stroke Trump s ego and fool the American people into thinking he s great. It s disgraceful and the American people should be outraged.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
1167, Even The Secret Service Is Saying Trump Is Full Of Sh*t; There Are No Tapes,"Donald Trump is acting like a caged animal. Since around the time he fired FBI Director James Comey, he s been on the defensive. Three days after the firing, Trump, concerned that Comey would leak to the media, tweeted that he hoped there were no  tapes  of the conversations between the two.James Comey better hope that there are no  tapes  of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017Comey responded in front of the Senate by saying,  Oh Lordy, I hope there are tapes.  Well, Comey might be disappointed to learn that, at least according to the Secret Service, there aren t. Trump was bluffing. No surprise there.The Wall Street Journal issued a freedom of information request to the Secret Service, who said this: In response to your request, the Secret Service has conducted a reasonable search for responsive records,  the agency wrote.  It appears, from a review of Secret Service s main indices, that there are no records pertaining to your request that are referenced in these indices. That doesn t necessarily mean there are no tapes, but it makes it far less likely. The Secret Service is generally the department that handles Oval Office tapes. They did it for Richard Nixon and for John F. Kennedy. Trump, though, has his own personal bodyguard in the Oval Office, as well as government Secret Service.Still, it s very unlikely there is a tape. While Trump has been teasing it like it s a reality show, his staff has been evading the question.At a press conference Friday, Trump said he would reveal whether he had taped his conversations with Comey  in the very near future  and  over a fairly short period of time.  Bloomberg s Toluse Olorunnipa recently noted that Trump has often made and missed deadlines as a way of delaying or avoiding answering tough questions. Why leave open this question of whether there are tapes?  Reuters  Ayesha Rascoe asked Spicer at his press briefing Monday.  Don t the American people   Do they deserve to know whether Comey was lying to the Senate? Why leave this question open? I think the President made it clear what his intention is on Friday,  Spicer said.Source: Talking Points MemoThis wouldn t even be a question if Trump hadn t proven himself to be a serial liar. Americans overwhelmingly trust Comey, a fired civil servant, over Trump.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
1168, Trump’s Own Tweets F*ck Him As 9th Circuit Court Shuts Down His New Muslim Ban,"Once again, Donald Trump s Muslim ban was smacked down by the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals on Monday, upholding an injunction preventing Trump s executive order aimed at keeping Muslims from entering the country from going into effect. Further, the Order runs afoul of other provisions of the INA that prohibit nationality-based discrimination and require the President to follow a specific process when setting the annual cap on the admission of refugees,  the decision reads.  On these statutory bases, we affirm in large part the district court s order preliminarily enjoying Sections 2 and 6 of the Executive Order. As predicted, Trump s own tweets about what Trump calls both a  travel ban  and  not a ban  were a major reason the Justice Department had no chance of successfully fighting for his bigoted order: Indeed, the President recently confirmed his assessment that it is the  countries  that are inherently dangerous, rather than the 180 million individual nationals of those countries who are barred from entry under the President s  travel ban. This is the tweet the three-judge panel is referencing:That's right, we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries, not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 6, 2017The judges even made White House Propaganda Minister Sean Spicer regret saying out loud that Trump s tweets are considered official statements by the President of the United States  by citing his statement to that effect.The fight against the President* s attempt to keep Jews Muslims from entering the country is not over. We re winning   but the matter will now head to the Supreme Court, on which Trump recently installed someone on whom he can count to do the wrong thing   always.Featured image via Getty Images",0
1169," AZ Republican Calls Cops On Constituents Delivering Cookies, Claims They Set Cars On Fire","If anything more than a grunt passes between the lips of a Republican, one can typically be assured he or she is lying   and that was the case when a group of constituents delivered cookies to Arizona Rep. David Schweikert.A group of citizens  members of a group called AZ Indivisible   showed up outside Schweikert s office earlier this year hoping to bribe him into hearing their concerns. Instead, the Congressman had his staff call the police.While we can t be sure if he told the cops the same story he is telling his supporters, a letter his office sent out says that the cookie-delivering citizens  incite violence  and  light cars on fire  as they  clash with police  because they will  stop at no turn. The left is determined to disrupt and disorganize. They are organizing new groups every single day and investing big resources neighborhood-to-neighborhood across Maricopa County,  the letter begins   then it becomes (more) insane:Despite the Congressman s allegations, Scottsdale police officer Kevin Watts says that There have been no reports of violence, clashes with our officers or incidents of criminal damage associated with Representative Schweikert s office to date. In other words Schweikert, like seemingly all Republicans, is a liar. The people belonging to the groups referenced are mostly women, mostly have more than a few years on them   The most dangerous physical weapons we have are knitting needles. But make no mistake   We vote   We are actively encouraging others to vote, and lots of us are educating ourselves on how politics works and running for office,  a member of Indivisible told The Republic.  Does this sound like people plotting violence? We are working within the system. Sadly, this sort of behavior is typical of Republicans: you ask them questions, you expect them to be held accountable, you try to get a little face time to discuss actual issues   and they respond by lying about you.Featured image via screengrab",0
1170, Trump Holds ‘Exquisitely Awkward’ Event Forcing Cabinet Members To Grovel One-By-One (VIDEO),"People are scratching their heads at an event Trump just held that has no precedent in United States history but wouldn t look out of place in North Korea. For reasons that nobody can discern, Trump held a public  cabinet meeting  and invited reporters to cover it. When the reporters dutifully showed up, he forced his assembled cabinet to listen to him drone on about how great he is while they nodded or occasionally chimed in with praise. It was really, really awkward.I've never seen a Cabinet meeting like this one before.  Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) June 12, 2017This interminable cabinet spray, where everybody pays tribute to Trump, is one of the most exquisitely awkward public events I've ever seen.  Glenn Thrush (@GlennThrush) June 12, 2017The entire affair was humiliating for those assembled. Trump s Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had it particularly bad. He was sitting next to Trump the entire time with cameras capturing his soul slowly dying.At one point he had to sit quietly as the President of the United States claimed no president in history had accomplished more than he had so far in his presidency (although he made an exception for FDR). The lie was so incredibly easy to debunk that it s hard to imagine the White House will even try to defend it. Tillerson, for his part, wore the grim expression of man who was awaiting a guard to escort him to the gallows.Trump: ""Never has there been a president"" besides FDR ""who's passed more legislation, who's done more things than what we've done."" pic.twitter.com/o5KWp9xHB2  Tommy Christopher (@tommyxtopher) June 12, 2017In the background, hovering over the cabinet members, Trump s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, and Steve Bannon were also in attendance. In the corner, making his best attempt to pull a James Comey and physically disappear into the curtains is National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster.Trump had each cabinet member take a turn praising him while he smiled.Later, Trump s Chief of Staff Reince Priebus openly groveled, praising Trump for  blessing  him with the opportunity to work in his administration.Priebus just thanked Trump for the ""blessing"" of being able to work for him.  Glenn Thrush (@GlennThrush) June 12, 2017Priebus s groveling may been necessary to keep his job. Sources recently told reporters that Trump has grown tired of Preibus and suggested he may fire him by next month. Public demonstrations of praise towards Trump may well save his job.Trump s attempt at propaganda was scheduled to coincide with a DC attorney s press conference in which he says his office has determined that Trump is violating the Constitution s anti-corruption provisions by blatantly flaunting his hotel and other properties as ways to gain access to his inner circle.DC Attorney General: ""President Trump's businesses and his dealings violate the Constitution's anti-corruption provisions."" (via @MSNBC) pic.twitter.com/3fc4WaHIVI  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) June 12, 2017Coincidence?Featured image via Twitter",0
1171, Trump Tweets About His Impeachment Chances In Latest (And Perhaps Greatest) Self-Own,"Nothing betrays your official narrative that your administration is functionally well and you are not a crook like tweeting assurances from Fox News that your chances of being impeached are only slim. One might argue that frantically insisting that you are probably not going to get impeached only makes the notion that you probably are all the more reasonable. No sane president would get caught doing something so desperate.But Trump woke up and did just that.In another humdinger to add to a series of self-owns, Trump retweeted a video of Fox News host Geraldo Rivera insisting that Trump s chances of being impeached went from  3 percent  (a number he pulled out of thin air) to  0 percent  (another number he pulled out of thin air). In doing so, Trump inadvertently acknowledged that his chances of being impeached weren t zero before and are only zero now if you listen to the network that operates as state media for his administration.Trump s self-incrimination is a nice reminder of how troubled his administration is. In an effort to spin the testimony of the former FBI director he recently inappropriately fired, he is reduced to leaning on Fox News to make the case that the hearing didn t prove he was trying to obstruct justice (as most neutral observers noted) but actually it  vindicates  him   somehow. It s a line of spin so patently absurd that even conservative pundits are having a hard time trumpeting it with a straight face.Enter Rivera. The longtime shockjock is, of course, among the least reputable men in journalism. His legendary fails include botching the opening of Al Capone s vault on live television, getting kicked out of Iraq after revealing U.S. troop positions to the enemy on live television, and saying Travyon Martin brought his murder on himself for wearing a hoodie   on live television. Put Rivera in front of a camera, broadcast it live, and chances are he will do something to humiliate himself. He has become one of Trump s biggest defenders.It says something about Trump s chances of making it through his first term without being thrown out of office that he s just a few months in and already he s been reduced to using disreputable Fox hosts like Rivera to defend him. The fact that nobody else will risk destroying their reputation to stand up for him speaks volumes. Luckily, Trump is just dimwitted enough to keep reminding us of his precarious situation because he is fundamentally incapable of not tweeting incredibly stupid things each day.Featured image via Michael Reynolds-Pool/Getty Images",0
1172," Trump’s Own Staff Thinks He’s A Joke, Laughs Off His July 4th Ultimatum","As the Russian investigation is getting uncomfortably close to home for Donald Trump and as his insistence on profiting from the office of the presidency could come crashing down on his head, the White House is panicking. This time, though, the staff doesn t seem to care. After Trump delivered a July 4th ultimatum to his Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, he laughed it off.Politico reports that Trump set July 4th as a deadline for a staff shakeup. This is at least the third such ultimatum Trump has given his chief of staff and none of them (so far) have come to fruition. He threatened Priebus on the 100-day mark of his presidency and then again as Memorial Day approached. The shakeups never happened and Priebus still has his job. It s become comical that every holiday becomes a referendum on Reince,  said one adviser to the president.Sensing his impending doom even before he was criticized for fallout related to the firing of FBI director James Comey, Reince had joked,  I ve got one foot on a banana peel and another out the door,  according to a person with knowledge of the conversation.Source: PoliticoThis time, though, Trump means it for realz. He even floated some names as replacements. Oh, wait, he s actually done that before:Trump has openly floated the idea of other potential chiefs of staff, including former campaign aide David Urban and Wayne Berman, a Blackstone executive and advisor to Blackstone CEO Steve Schwarzman. Shortly after national security adviser Michael Flynn was fired in February, Trump invited New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie to the White House to help brainstorm about a new chief of staff, according to a White House official and outside adviser with knowledge of the situation.What Trump doesn t seem to realize (or perhaps he does) is that firing Priebus isn t going to help him with his legal problems. An entirely new staff isn t going to help him. Trump is in over his head and he refuses to learn or even to listen to advice.While he might be sincere this time, the more likely story is that Trump simply wants to change the headlines for the day. Rumors of a staff shakeup take the focus off the Russian investigation, sort of.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1173, Parents Unhappy With New Jersey High School Over Removal Of Trump References From Yearbook,"Wall Township High School in Wall, New Jersey, has recently come under fire from the parents of three students for erasing references to Donald Trump in the school s most recent yearbook.Whether it was cropping or photoshopping items of clothing with Trump s campaign slogan in student photos or refusing to print statements by the president submitted by another student as her yearbook quote, the parents of those affected are claiming their children s first amendment rights have been violated, although they are acting more like it was they themselves who have been silenced. The school has not only been accused of censorship, but the parents of three students want the yearbooks to be reprinted with an apology or, at the very least, an explanation.One such student is Grant Berardo, a junior at Wall High, who wore a  TRUMP: Make America Great Again  t-shirt for his school photo, only for the slogan to be digitally removed from his yearbook picture. He was disappointed. This was the first election he has been interested in,  said Grant s father, Joseph Berardo.  I want the yearbooks to be reissued and I want a letter from the administration explaining why they are reissuing the yearbook Grant Berardo was probably only interested in an election for the first time simply due to his age and it also sounds like his father is trying to push his own political agenda, but Grant wasn t the only student affected. Another junior, Wyatt Dobrovich-Fago, had his photo cropped so the Trump logo on his vest was cut out and his sister, Montana, had a Trump quote removed from her photo as freshman class president. Montana Dobrovich-Fago wanted to have printed under her picture the Donald Trump quote,  I like thinking big. If you are going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big,  but when she opened the yearbook, the space below the photo was blank. I want to know who thought it was okay to do this,  said Janet Dobrovich-Fago, mother of the two teenagers and another parent who appears to be living vicariously through her kids.  I want the school to seek disciplinary action and to be held accountable. Parents received a letter from Wall Township Public Schools Superintendent Cheryl Dyer on June 9, stating that she was looking into the matter because, although the school s dress code does prohibit references to illegal activities such as drugs, alcohol, and weapons, there is nothing stating that students can t show political affiliation.Featured image via Wall High School/Joseph Berardo",0
1174, Trump Firing Special Counsel Investigating Russian Connections A Possibility According To Attorney,"Robert Mueller, the man selected in May by the Justice Department to head the investigation into Russia s interference in the 2016 presidential election, probably thought the job was relatively secure when he initially accepted the position, but now Donald Trump s attorneys most likely have Mueller second-guessing his decision.In an interview on Sunday, Jay Sekulow, one of Trump s attorneys, alluded to the fact that he wouldn t completely rule out the possibility that the president may fire Mueller from leading the investigation into Trump s campaign. Why would he fire Mueller? Simply because he can.ABC s George Stephanopoulos was interviewing Sekulow on the program This Week on Sunday and the topic of the investigation came up. Stephanopoulos asked Sekulow if the president would give any assurance that he would not interfere in the investigation into Russian ties or order U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions, a man that many believe has already committed perjury on more than one occasion since he was sworn in for the position in early February, to fire Mueller. Sekulow s response wasn t particularly convincing. Look, the President of the United States, as we all know, is a unitary executive,  Sekulow said during the interview.  But the president is going to seek the advice of his counsel and inside the government as well as outside. And I m not going to speculate on what he will, or will not, do. So, not only did Sekulow not give any assurance that Trump would pledge not to meddle in the investigation or have Mueller fired, he completely avoided acknowledging both points. In fact, Sekulow went on to add that he  can t imagine  the issue of firing the head of the investigation would arise, but  that, again, is an issue that the president with his advisers would discuss if there was a basis. Nobody said getting to the bottom of the Russia scandal was going to be easy.Featured image via Andrew Burton/Getty Images",0
1175, Fox News Confuses Julius Caesar Depiction For Trump And Gets PISSED about Shakespeare,"Fox News loves to point the finger at  Snowflakes  and anybody they think should buck-up and not complain about the way of the world. Ironically, they also are the first to freak-out over any type of artistic expression that they think puts the President in an unflattering light. A disgusting New York City play depicting the president brutally assassinated,  is how Fox and Friends began a news segment about an NYC Shakespeare in the Park play they found to be offensive. Fox apparently succeeded at stoking conservative outrage because even Donald Trump Jr. seems to have his panties in a bunch over the play.I wonder how much of this ""art"" is funded by taxpayers? Serious question, when does ""art"" become political speech & does that change things? https://t.co/JfOmLLBJCn  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) June 11, 2017So what is this outrageous performance? A play called The Tragedy of Julius Caesar, which was written by William Shakespeare all the way back in 1599   way before The Donald got his greasy paws on the White House.Most people are familiar with Julius Caesar from high school English class. The plot highlights the agony of Brutus, Caesar s pal who ends up conspiring to murder him. This particular version seems to be confusing Fox and Friends because of its anachronistic interpretation   the players are dressed in the clothes of today.According to Fox, they are sure this is a depiction of a Trump assassination because the actor looks very similar to the tall, blond businessman elected president in 2016. It s definitely a unique interpretation of the play, but modern updates of Shakespearean plays are very common   think 90 s Romeo and Juliet.On top of that, the play doesn t depict Caesar s assassination as a positive event nor the assassins as heroes.It s pretty snowflakey for Fox to be this pissed about a Shakespeare play. Grow up.Feature Image via ScreenCapture of Fox and Friends news segment",0
1176, Smirnoff Is BRILLIANTLY Trolling Donald Trump Over Russia – Prepare To Laugh,"Donald Trump has claimed, rather loudly, that he s perfectly willing to testify under oath about Russia and about James Comey. He also keeps shouting that he s working hard to bring jobs back to the U.S., and to that end, he has put forth a  Buy American, Hire American,  initiative when he and his daughter both have products for their businesses manufactured in China and Mexico.And Smirnoff, maker of one of the most common brands of vodka in the U.S., has decided they re going to poke Trump on both fronts.Witness their new, gorgeous ad campaign:Smirnoff s new ad campaign pic.twitter.com/IPEwbLJFlq  Robbie Gramer (@RobbieGramer) June 11, 2017Yes, they went there. They went there hard. Smirnoff itself was originally Russian, and they discuss that history openly on their website. They re now owned and produced by a British company called Diageo, and Smirnoff s U.S. products are actually made in Plainfield, Illinois. So we have a brand of vodka, with Russian roots that they aren t ashamed of, producing its U.S. drinks in the U.S., busily creating and sustaining American jobs.Trump s offer to testify under oath comes off more as bravado on the part of a man who can t believe the head of the FBI didn t bow and scrape before him than it does a genuine offer to correct the record and offer clarity into the ongoing investigations. Trump and his backers all claimed Comey vindicated him (when Comey did anything but), while at the same time calling him a liar and saying that there s nothing to the Russia scandal at all.Smirnoff just blew Trump out of the water with this ad campaign. It s absolutely hilarious.Featured image via Twitter",0
1177, John McCain Shockingly Admits Obama Was A Better President Than Trump And The World Didn’t Fly Off Its Axis,"Over the last nine years or so, there has been one cardinal rule in Republican politics: Never, ever say anything good about President Barack Obama. In a sign that things may be changing, that things might soon start looking a little less partisan, one major Republican   one whose career ambitions were thwarted by Obama in 2008   has made a stunning admission. Sen. Jon McCain said America was better off under Obama than it is under Trump. No, you aren t dreaming.McCain, once blamed the shooting at the Pulse Nightclub in Orlando on Obama Barack Obama is directly responsible for it, because when he pulled everybody out of Iraq, Al Qaeda went to Syria, became ISIS, and ISIS is what it is today thanks to Barack Obama s failures, utter failures, by pulling everybody out of Iraq. So the responsibility for it lies with President Barack Obama and his failed policies. Source: LA TimesThe Orlando shooter was American born and raised, but why let an inconvenient fact get in the way?McCain seems to have had a change of heart about Obama s foreign policies, though, at least after five months under Donald Trump. In an interview with the Guardian, McCain was asked about Trump s foreign policy, specifically in relation to the United Kingdom. As you recall, after a deadly terrorist attack in London, Trump, rather than offering condolences and assistance to one of our greatest allies, took to Twitter to pick a fight with the city s mayor, who happens to be Muslim.After Mayor Sadiq Khan said after the attack that Londoners need not be alarmed by the increased police presence, Trump took the words out of context to make it sound as if he wasn t taking the attack seriously.At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is  no reason to be alarmed!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 4, 2017Then when Khan responded, Trump said this:Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his  no reason to be alarmed  statement. MSM is working hard to sell it!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017While Trump hasn t exactly been disinvited from his scheduled state visit, he disinvited himself over concerns that there might be protests. In other words, Trump seems to be choosing to ignore whatever parts of the world aren t nice to him. So far, we have Saudi Arabia and Russia.When the Guardian asked McCain about Trump and Great Britain, he said this:Senator John McCain, a prominent Republican voice on foreign policy, was visibly irked when asked by the Guardian what message Trump had sent to the United Kingdom, one of America s most enduring allies. What do you think the message is? The message is that America doesn t want to lead,  McCain said, while adding of the rest of the world:  They are not sure of American leadership, whether it be in Siberia or whether it be in Antarctica. Asked if America s standing on the global stage was better under Barack Obama, McCain, a fervent critic of the previous administration s foreign policy, responded:  As far as American leadership is concerned, yes. While McCain isn t always in lock-step with his party, he has become increasingly partisan in recent years. He endorsed Donald Trump during the election and in last week s Senate hearing for fired FBI Director James Comey, McCain focused only on Hillary Clinton s emails, completely ignoring possible Trump/Russia connections. Still, this could be the sign of a changing tide. It only takes a handful of Republicans to realize that Trump is sending the nation on a dangerous course and it needs to stop.",0
1178, Meet The Billionaire Behind Trump’s Twitter Bot Army Responsible For Pushing Conservative Lies,"One of the GOP s biggest donors who used to be associated with IBM is the man responsible for millions of Twitter bots that follow President Trump and are likely designed to spread false or misleading news to voters on social media.Robert Mercer, the man the whole scheme relies on for guidance, is a very reclusive Republican mega-doner and huge Tump supporter, reports the New York Daily News.Mercer and his daughter Rebekah orchestrated an off-the-radar money raising plot during the whole campaign, and also connected to Trump to some critical figures like Bannon.This computer scientist turned billionaire built technologies at IBM used to power its Watson super-computer. Mercer also assisted Apple with the development of the Siri platform.Experts told the Daily News that of Trump s 30 million Twitter followers, 15 million are actually automated bots designed to be  weaponized.  These bots can spread false news stories and mislead voters to distract them from scandals faced by the White House.The scary part is their ability can escalate rapidly with the introduction of more advanced technology. Fooling humans into doing things in the electronic realm turned out to be really easy,  explained chief technology officer at Bromium, Simon Crosby, in reference to campaigns that influenced the 2016 election and Brexit referendum. With a few extra steps that seem available in the right circles, it could get even easier. You have arbitrary and ridiculous information spread very quickly, and now to the targeted user is more susceptible to believing it and spreading it, and we now know that it influences people. We saw it in the election, with Brexit,  he said. Ultimately, the problem is that anybody can talk to anybody, especially if  anybody  is a bot on Twitter or Facebook who knows a lot about you. It makes sense for a man with knowledge of the inner workings of Watson to use his skills to help facilitate a bot-operation for political gain. Even though any computer scientist who is motivated could help Tump do it   almost all AI technology is open source, it s the proximity of Mercer to Trump, in particular, that causes concern and raises questions.Before Mercer made billions at his current hedge fund, he worked at IBM where he developed several patents and published studies on  Brown clustering,  which IMB used to create Watson Artificial Intelligence.Mercer, a big player in getting Breitbart News funded and where it is today, invested millions into a firm called Cambridge Analytica, to mine online data and influence voters. The New Yorker magazine reported that this tech company uses secret psychological methods to pinpoint which messages are the most persuasive to individual online viewers. This type of technology has been employed in previous candidate campaigns that Mercer supported and will be used in the future to target voters on social media, Crosby explained. We re in deep trouble in the sense that it s extraordinarily easy to automate a generation of arbitrarily absurd and ridiculous stuff. Photo by Oliver Contreras/For The Washington Post via Images Getty ",0
1179," Former GOP Congressman TRASHES Paul Ryan: If Trump Were A Dem, You’d Impeach Him","Now that fired FBI Director James Comey has offered explosive testimony to the Intelligence Committee of the United States Senate, Republicans are scrambling to defend Trump and try to make excuses for what could very well be obstruction of justice. Very few of them are willing to break ranks and criticize Trump, when they know damn well that if this were Hillary Clinton or Barack Obama, they d be howling for impeachment posthaste. Well, there is one Republican who is willing to call them out on it: Former Congressman Bob Inglis.Rep. Inglis took to Twitter after a story was posted about House Speaker Paul Ryan claiming that he wouldn t impeach a Democrat if that person were to do the same things that Trump has engaged in. In a series of tweets, Inglis trashed Ryan for lying:.@SpeakerRyan you know this isn't true. You know that you would be inquiring into impeachment if this were a D. https://t.co/mBFn4aCGi4  Bob Inglis (@bobinglis) June 9, 2017.@SpeakerRyan, no, it isn't time to draft Articles of Impeachment. But it is time to pursue the Russia investigation with vigor.  Bob Inglis (@bobinglis) June 9, 2017.@SpeakerRyan and if the investigation leads to the Pres., his family or his campaign, so be it. Don't obstruct justice. Put country first.  Bob Inglis (@bobinglis) June 9, 2017Inglis is correct, of course. Elected Republicans are being craven, cowardly weasels right now. They are putting their party and their political futures ahead of their country while the nation and the world burn under Trump s criminal behavior, rank ignorance, and stunning incompetence. Further, if this were Hillary Clinton, they know they d be trying to find something   anything   to remove her from office. Hell, they d do that even if she didn t do anything wrong. In fact, House Oversight Chair Jason Chaffetz said that he had years of investigations lined up and waiting for Hillary when it seemed sure that she would win. They d be calling for her removal the second she took her hand off the Bible whether she did anything wrong or not. They ve admitted as much.In short, more elected Republicans need to grow a spine and admit the mistake they have made for the nation and the world, and do something about Donald Trump while we still have a nation left to save.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
1180, WATCH: Elizabeth Warren Sets The Internet On FIRE By Dancing Through The Streets At Boston Pride,"Donald Trump has chosen to ignore Pride month, but the same can not be said of all politicians. Sen. Elizabeth Warren set the internet on fire this weekend when she was caught on video literally dancing through the streets at the Boston Pride parade.The Massachusetts Democrat celebrated LGBT Pride along with tens of thousands of others at the 47th annual Boston Pride parade and the scene could not have been any more perfect. And this is a prime example of exactly why she has become a liberal icon. I love pride,  Warren says in the short video she posted.  It may be my single most favorite day of the year   because it s the day that we all come together and celebrate. Go pride. It is worth noting that not only has Trump chosen to ignore Pride month, but he has decided it isn t even worth a passing mention after the Supreme Court ruled in favor of marriage equality and after the deadly massacre at Pulse. That pretty much says it all right there, doesn t it?He claims to be an inclusive leader and has said that he stands by the LGBT community, but clearly, that is not the case. Actions speak louder than words, and so far, he has offered neither this month.Warren, on the other hand, is the polar opposite of Trump and that couldn t make us any happier. Her joy at this weekend s event was absolutely infectious and the internet just can t get enough of her. (Or her rainbow feather boa!) This is exactly why we liberals love her so much!You can see the video of Sen. Warren dancing along the route of the parade, here:I LOVE the Boston Pride Parade. It shows our Commonwealth and our country at its best. pic.twitter.com/0ea0moLb5g  Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) June 11, 2017Featured image via video screen capture",0
1181, The Very Scary Reason Trump’s Evangelicals Don’t Care About Cuts To Programs For Those In Need,"As our current administration continues to prove that it has no actual concern for the working class, it s hard to image why Trump is supported by anyone other than the rich. The White House s current budget proposals put support for the poor, sick, and elderly on the chopping block in favor of tax breaks for the wealthy. Besides being economically unjust, wouldn t these slashes in services be against the Christian obligation to charity? Why do evangelicals stand strong in their support for Trump?The fact that Trump is a seemingly odd choice for political leadership among evangelicals has been debated since he first announced his bid to run. The prevailing explanation for their support is that evangelicals merely tolerate Trump because they care about fighting abortion/LGBTQ and therefore the preservation of their religious freedom.But why the support for tax cuts over the assistance for those in need? According to an article by Religion Dispatches, it s about more than just toleration. The huge budget cuts are part of the religious right keeping up their understanding of a  biblical worldview  and are an important part of its agenda.According to  sphere sovereignty    a theory of how the Bible rules every aspect of life   God has given authority to men in government, but this authority has very limited roles. This view holds that man s role in civil government only allows for property protection and criminal punishment. According to this view, it is the families job to help the poor, with some secondary help from the church. If tax money is used to help the poor it is seen as  tyrannically exceeding  the biblical authority of the government and is considered stealing.This arcane position is held and popularized in some mainstream evangelical circles and articulated by radio host David Barton. It s also taught in Christian school curricula and promoted in books and conferences.This view is the basis for many new administration policies, and the reason many of Trump s appointees are trying to shut down the agencies they are in charge of. Even the Department of Education is being led by a person who strongly believes that it s the families responsibility to educate children and that civil government should stay out of it.Trump himself probably doesn t hold these theoretical views, but Mike Pence sure does, and he s already making sure the  biblical worldview  is the basis for Trump s policies.Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1182, Senior GOP Senator Says Trump Is Too Stupid To Collude With Russians,"Amid allegations of Russian interference with our elections, Republicans are scrambling, trying to defend the leader of their party. The latest defense, which comes from Lindsey Graham and sort of from Paul Ryan, is that Trump is too stupid to collude with the Russians.After former FBI Director James Comey testified in front of Congress, that yes, Trump did ask him to drop the investigation into former national security advisor Michael Flynn. The best defense House Speaker Paul Ryan could come up with was that Trump is new at this. He simply didn t know it wasn t cool to pressure the head of the FBI. The President s new at this. He s new to government. So, he probably wasn t steeped in the long-running protocols that establish the relationships between DOJ, FBI and White Houses. He s just new to this. Pushed further by CNN, Ryan said,  I m not saying it s an acceptable excuse. It s just my observation. He s new at government, and so therefore I think that he   he is learning as he goes,  Ryan said.Source: CNNTeenagers, try that argument next time you get pulled over while driving. On second thought, don t.Now, Sen. Lindsey Graham has taken that argument a step further and said that Trump is too incompetent to have colluded with the Russians. He doesn t believe he did anything wrong with the Russians and I tend to believe him,  Graham said on CBS  Face the Nation.  He can t collude with his own government. Why do you think he is colluding with the Russians? Source: Think ProgressWhat Graham is ignoring is that the fact that Trump is incompetent is likely what made him the most desirable for Russians. Russian journalist Mikhail Fishman says this about Russian president Vladimir Putin s opinion on Trump:They re quite obviously playing Trump. They consider him a stupid, unstrategic politician. Putin is confident that he can manipulate Trump to his advantage, and he should be.In other words, Trump s a useful idiot to them?Exactly. The Kremlin is limited in their knowledge about what s going on in Washington, but they see the chaos and the confusion in Trump s administration. They see the clumsiness, the inexperience. Naturally, they re working to exploit that.Of course, Graham and Ryan know this and that s what s most dangerous of all. While Trump might be too stupid to know that he is a stooge, the Republican Party s cavalier attitude about the fact that Russia might have installed our incompetent Commander-in-Chief is perhaps the most treasonous part of all of this.",0
1183, Trump Biographer: The Donald Has A Long History Of Lying About Taping People To Intimidate Them,"Donald Trump has made quite the fuss about tapes of conversations between himself and former FBI Director James Comey. Problem is, no one is even convinced that these tapes exist. According to biographer Tim O Brien, this wouldn t be the first time Trump has lied about taping people when he didn t as a method of intimidation.O Brien authored the book, TrumpNation: The Art of Being the Donald. But Trump subsequently lost his sh*t and filed a lawsuit in 2005 because O Brien s book said he was only worth a measly $250 million. Suing ended up being a big mistake, as Trump ended up busted for making at least 30 false statements during a deposition. His loose association with the truth becomes problematic when he s confronted with documents,  O Brien told CNN host Brian Stelter during an interview on Sunday morning.  We ve had decades now of Trump frequently lying or exaggerating about a wide range of things. The author also let it be known that Trump has a long history of lying to people about tapes of conversations just so he can try to intimidate them into doing what he wants. He s said this over the years to reporters when they go into the Trump organization,  I just want to let you know that I m taping you right now,  O Brien said.  And he said it multiple times during my interviews with him. He said that into my own tape recorder when I recorded our interviews. But when he sat down for the deposition, my attorney said,  Mr. Trump, do you have a taping system?  he added.  And he said no. And [my attorney] said,  Why did you say this to Mr. O Brien.  And he essentially said,  I wanted to intimidate him. O Brien s comments make it even more doubtful that Trump actually as any tapes of Comey at all. Which is actually quite disappointing since they would almost certainly show that Comey was telling the truth when he testified under oath that Trump had tried to get him to drop the Russia investigation and pledge loyalty, which is clearly obstruction of justice. What a pity. If there really were tapes we would be that much closer towards getting this moron out of the White House.You can watch O Brian s interview here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
1184, WATCH: Fox Host Chris Wallace Scolds Fox & Friends For Saying Russia Investigation Is Over,"Donald Trump s favorite morning propaganda program on Fox News just got their asses handed to them for counting their chickens before they ve hatched.Ever since former FBI Director James Comey confirmed that Trump is not personally under investigation for collusion with Russia, Fox News has been proclaiming victory and declaring that Trump has been vindicated.Specifically, they have been calling the Russia investigation a  nothingburger. On the Sunday morning edition of Fox & Friends, hosts Clayton Morris and Pete Hegseth celebrated because they think the investigation is over now, only to have their bubble burst by veteran journalist and Fox News Sunday host Chris Wallace, who brutally reminded them that the investigation is nowhere near over because of a guy named Michael Flynn and another guy named Jeff Sessions.Morris claimed that the Russia story  imploded.  Wallace responded by pointing out that Attorney General Jeff Sessions is testifying to the Senate Intelligence Committee and may detail Trump s obstruction of justice. You know, because demanding the FBI Director drop an investigation and then firing him for refusing to do so is interference and is the definition of obstruction.That s when Pete Hegseth jumped in to try once again to assure viewers that the investigation against Trump is done while also insulting Comey and trying to turn the investigation on him instead. Little evidence has been shown that there s collusion with Russia,  Hegseth said  Now we know that Comey was a leaker, potentially multiple times. Can the investigation move in those directions instead of the Russia investigation, which is proven to be pretty much a nothingburger? Wallace quickly disappointed Hegseth with reality. I certainly wouldn t say it s a nothingburger,  Wallace said.  We have to see where it goes. Among other things, we still haven t heard from Michael Flynn. And he s one of the key figures in all of this. He was the one who had the most contacts Russia. He s the one who got paid by Russia. Here s the video via YouTube.Once again, Chris Wallace smacks down Fox & Friends for being Trump s personal propaganda machine. Wallace previously criticized the Fox & Friends crew in the aftermath of Trump firing Comey because they would not take the story seriously.Featured image via screenshot",0
1185, Trump Plays Golf Again In Wake Of Damning Comey Testimony,"Rather than stick around in Washington following former FBI Director James Comey s Senate testimony, Donald Trump decided to go golfing again instead as his scandals grow.At this point in his presidency, President Obama had only played golf ONE time. Trump, on the other hand, has played golf well over a dozen times since taking office. This is despite promising during the campaign that he would refrain from playing golf so much, and despite his repeated attacks on President Obama whenever he played golf.Unlike Obama, Trump is embroiled in scandal and America faces a difficult future as Trump continues distancing our country away from the international community and his policies continue hurting the homeland.During his testimony this week, Comey detailed how Trump demanded his loyalty and fired him for refusing to drop the Russia investigation. Interference in a federal investigation is known as obstruction of justice, an impeachable offense. By firing Comey in an effort to kill it, Trump committed a very serious crime.But that didn t stop Trump from declaring vindication on Friday and accusing Comey of perjury while calling him a  leaker. Trump didn t even bother staying in Washington to face more questions. Instead, he ran away to his golf course in Bedminster, New Jersey to avoid reporters, who have been busily analyzing Trump s claims and accusations. CNN even caught Trump lying and committing hypocrisy when he claimed that he has never asked anyone to pledge allegiance to him.Scandals are plaguing his administration and the world is in crisis, yet as usual, Trump is abandoning any and all responsibilities of the presidency to play more golf.Every American should be outraged. Conservatives repeatedly called President Obama  lazy  and  irresponsible  for playing golf. Yet Trump is on pace to play even MORE golf in a single year than President Obama played in eight. If anyone is lazy and irresponsible, it s Donald Trump. He should be in Washington facing questions. But like a coward who has something to hide, he made outrageous accusations, declared victory, and then cut and ran as far away from the press as possible.It s time for Congress to act. Trump and his entire administration should be impeached. America needs a full-time president who actually knows what the hell he is doing and doesn t mind working hard for the American people. Trump is neither of those.Featured image via Ian MacNicol/Getty Images",0
1186," Sessions PANICS, Cancels Public Testimony Because He Doesn’t Want To Answer Questions About Russia","The walls are closing in on Donald Trump s Attorney General.In the aftermath of James Comey s damning Senate testimony, Jeff Sessions quickly canceled his upcoming public testimony in front of House and Senate committees this week after previously agreeing to do so.The main reason Sessions does not want to testify publicly is because he fears that he will be asked about  issues related to the investigation into Russian interference with the 2016 election. Indeed, Sessions would be asked such questions and he should be.Former FBI Director James Comey testified on Thursday that he felt he could not discuss with Sessions his concerns about Trump trying to kill the Russia investigation. You see, Sessions was about to be exposed for his own trysts with Russian officials, which made Sessions untrustworthy. Our judgment, as I recall, is that he was very close to and inevitably going to recuse himself for a variety of reasons,  Comey recalled.  We also were aware of facts that I can t discuss in an opening setting that would make his continued engagement in a Russia-related investigation problematic. So now what would have been a public hearing for all to see will now apparently take place in the shadows as Sessions is preparing to speak privately with the Senate Intelligence Committee instead.Clearly, Sessions is panicking in the wake of Comey s testimony. He got caught committing perjury during his confirmation hearing earlier this year when he failed to disclose several meetings he had with Russian officials during the 2016 campaign, including a meeting with Sergey Kislyak, the same Russian official whom disgraced former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn repeatedly met with and spoke to during the transition, an act he lied about and for which he was fired.Sessions might as well resign in disgrace now while he has a chance. If he can t man up and face questions about Russian interference in the 2016 Election then it is obvious that he has something to hide and he doesn t want to lie about it in public for all to see.Featured image via Shawn Thew-Pool/Getty Images",0
1187, Department Of Justice Says Donald Trump Can Accept Foreign Money,"The Department of Justice is now arguing that the president can take money from foreign governments. Why? The DOJ is arguing for Trump because the Citizens for Responsibilities and Ethics in Washington filed a lawsuit against Trump stating he is violating the Constitution by accepting foreign money.According to reports, Trump is taking money from foreign governments for hotel room fees and golf club fees when traveling to different countries for affairs having to do with our country. However, CREW (Citizens for Responsibilities and Ethics in Washington) still says Trump is violating the Constitution by accepting money from different countries when traveling and they say that he should have stopped doing this before he took office.Although CREW filed a lawsuit against the Trump administration, the Trump administration thinks that CREW lacks legal standing even to be able to file the lawsuit in the first place.It doesn t matter if the Trump team thinks they don t have enough legal standing for this because CREW already filed the lawsuit against Trump and his team during his first week in office as our president.In fact, CREW had this to say about the lawsuit that they filed against the Trump administration: We did not want to get to this point. It was our hope that President Trump would take the necessary steps to avoid violating the Constitution before he took office. However, he did not. His constitutional violations are immediate and serious, so we were forced to take legal action. Since the lawsuit by CREW was filed during his first week in office, there have been several more plaintiff s that have come onboard against Trump. Some of these new plaintiffs added to the lawsuit against the Trump administration include some restaurant associates, restaurant workers, and even a woman who books banquet halls for hotels in Washington D.C.Featured Image by Pool/Getty Images",0
1188, Everyone Is Wondering Just What James Comey Will Do Next,"After former FBI Director, James Comey was fired from his position as the leader of the FBI by Donald Trump, the thing that is on everyone s mind now is what will Comey do next for work? Will he go back to practicing law?According to this article, Comey testified under oath in front of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence last Thursday. He accused the President of the United States, who fired him from the FBI, of lying, challenged the president, and even says he has proof of material he supplied that could build a case against the president.However, aside from that, what is next for the former FBI Director? What are his career opportunities? Maybe he will go back to law where he lived comfortably in Connecticut as a lawyer.According to Comey, he stated to the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence when he testified last Thursday that he is currently  between opportunities. Everyone knows James Comey now and what he stands for, whether they are for or against him. Now that everyone knows Comey and who he is, will this hurt his chances of getting a career soon?He was in the middle of the email investigation of Hilary Clinton but now is seen as a critical cog in the Trump and Russian investigation. Because of this, he may be called upon to answer some questions about that. He may be called on to provide more information about Trump since he documented his and Trump s conversations in memos. However, will he provide that information that may be critical in finding out who is telling the truth between him and Trump? Guess we will have to stay tuned to find out!What do you think about Comey and his future career opportunities?Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
1189, Trump Gets Laughed Off Twitter After Saying Comey’s ‘Illegal Leaks’ Will Be ‘Prevalent’ (TWEETS),"On Sunday, Donald Trump once again embarrassed himself and his country (the United States, not Russia) with yet another tweet attacking fired FBI director James Comey. I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very  cowardly!'  Orange Mussolini tweeted.I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very 'cowardly!'  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 11, 2017We ll give you a moment to consider the actual definition of  prevalent  and laugh at him.Now that you ve gotten that all out of your system Comey s  leak  was nothing more than his sharing his private, unclassified thoughts on his meeting with Trump. It was not illegal. The conversation was not privileged as Trump claimed while threatening his latest enemy.Comey did nothing wrong   but that isn t stopping Trump from amping up his attacks in the wake of the former FBI director s rather damning testimony.Naturally, America once again joined together to mock the jerk who spends time in the Oval Office when he s not busy golfing:'far more prevalent'? Far more widespread? Far more popular? Trump has the best words, he just doesn't know how to use them coherently. https://t.co/MehpABcH5z  A anda (@GrnEyedMandy) June 11, 2017You believe? 90% of what comes out your mouth or Twitter is a lie or falsity. No one cares what you believe.  Mike P Williams ? (@Mike_P_Williams) June 11, 2017Awwww! Aren t you adorable??? Back to your hole now. Mr. trump will summon you again in a bit. He can t help himself.  Michelle Wilkinson (@BlkDragonsGirl) June 11, 2017This is the part where he tries to pretend he fired him for leaking, and hopes you don t notice the chronology.  Alt. Sean Spicer (@AltUSPressSec) June 11, 2017You make these tremendous claims but then never back them up with proof of any kind. It s an upsettingly effective tactic.  Hank Green (@hankgreen) June 11, 2017The ONLY reason #Comey released his personal memos was to counters your fucking claim of  tapes . Put this matter to an end and produce them  ??Aunt Crabby ?? (@DearAuntCrabby) June 11, 2017One of you is going to jail. Bet it s not going to be Comey.  PropagandaDepartment (@HoustonsNewNews) June 11, 2017You are handing Comey the easiest defamation suit in history.In case you didn t notice, your days of bullying anyone but the GOP are over  The Hoarse Whisperer (@HoarseWisperer) June 11, 2017He is a private citizen that leaked non classified info. Not illegal. I m shocked you don t know shit about law since you re always in court  Derrick Arthur (@DerrickArthur) June 11, 2017You re kidding, right? It isn t illegal as it was not classified. Cowardly is sacking him when he s out of town & then attacking him on TV  FashionShark (@WTF_EEK) June 11, 2017  that s not how the word  prevalent  is used  Mike Puterbaugh (@cvmikep) June 11, 2017Admit you lied or give up the tapes.. if they exist and say what you said everyone around the world would have heard them by now.  Julia Kay (@Juliekay3S) June 11, 2017 Prevalent ? LOL. Think you mean  relevant . And yes, they will be. Just not in the way you think.  James Cowan (@jamesjcowan) June 11, 2017Agree totally  Marie Cinolauro (@CinolauroMarie) June 11, 2017We talked about this the other day. You need to use the google before typing words otherwise we re all omg this guy s cray.  Amanda Guinzburg (@Guinz) June 11, 2017Trump is going down. On Saturday, Donald Trump Jr. confirmed Mr. Comey s version of events   all while The Donald continues to lie.It s time for Republicans to step up, put their country before their party, and get him out of office.Featured image via Getty Images/screengrab",0
1190, WATCH: Don Trump Jr. ADMITS On TV That His Father Lied About His Conversations With Comey,"Following James Comey s testimony in front of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Trump claimed that he d never asked Comey for a loyalty pledge, claimed that he barely knew Comey, and claimed he never told Comey that he hoped the Flynn investigation would be dropped. Comey, for his part, testified that not only did Trump say he hoped he d drop the Flynn investigation, but also said he took it as a directive. Now Trump s son has confirmed Comey s version of events, making his own father out to be the liar we all know he is.That may well have been inadvertent, but it s what he did. It s amusing, really   the junior Trump first said,  We were vindicated!  and then launched into Comey: I think it s clear that everything that went on in the Comey testimony was basically ridiculous. They re saying,  Hey, he never asked me to stop a Russia investigation. Then he goes on to blasting Comey s report that Trump said:  I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go. He is a good guy. I hope you can let this go.  Junior Trump uses that to paint Comey as both weak and insubordinate as loudly as possible. Watch him do it below (you can watch the whole video here):Oops. @realDonaldTrump said he never told Comey he  hoped  he d drop Flynn. @DonaldJTrumpJr just said Daddy did too! pic.twitter.com/kWzx1wKDmz  Keith Olbermann (@KeithOlbermann) June 11, 2017Now, remember what Trump said in response to Comey s statements about the Flynn investigation and their conversations? Well, I didn t say that. I mean, I will tell you I didn t say that. And there d be nothing wrong if I did say it, according to everybody that I ve read today, but I did not say that. Sorry Donald. Your son, Donnie Jr., just threw you under the bus.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
1191, WATCH: Pelosi Knows The Russians Have Something HUGE on Trump and He’ll Do Anything To Keep It Quiet,"So many questions have come up in the wake of James Comey s Senate testimony. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi is again asking the harsh but necessary question,  What do the Russians have on Donald Trump? Pretty much everyone is in agreement that Thursday s testimony by James Comey was totally devastating for Trump. Even Trump s buddies over at Fox News are admitting it was  very damaging for the president. By far the most incriminating statement made by Comey was that he couldn t  remember any conversations with the president about the Russia election. The fact the Russia attempted to control the outcome of the U.S. presidential election is indisputable at this point. What s curious is that Trump had no interest in the fact that our democracy was attacked and how we remain susceptible to attacks in the future.This total lack of concern for foreign election hijack prompted Pelsoi in a press conference on Friday to ask some critical questions. So again I ask the question, What do the Russians have on Donald Trump   politically, personally, or financially   that he just won t go to that place and instead enshrines them, sings and dances to their tune. And Republicans in Congress have been resistant to finding it   have resisted finding out the truth. So I think there are other remedies that we can exhaust. I respect the opinion of those who think he should come. But I think we   if the Republicans in Congress would be more, shall we say, open to facts and the truth, we can learn a lot without the president coming here. Comey warned us on Thursday,  They re coming after America.  Why does that not concern or pique any interest from the president? See what Pelosi has to say about it:Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
1192, Newt Gingrich’s New Tell-All Book Reveals Trump’s Grossest Habits While On Campaign,"The eating habits of President Trump have been scrutinized by the press many times during his campaign and presidency. Once again, the President s diet will be under the microscope of the media because of former Speaker New Gingrich providing an advanced copy of his new tell-all book,  Understanding Trump,  to the Washington Examiner. Anytime a meal was served when I flew with candidate Trump aboard his nicely outfitted 757, it was invariably McDonald s, Wendy s, or a similar fast food,  wrote Mr. Gingrich in his new book. Gingrich doesn t hold his tongue in his new tell-all that accounts the time he spent as a Trump advisor during his campaign and as acting President.Ironically, Gingrich is not the first House Speaker to comment on Trump s nasty health habits.  I think his family should be concerned about his health,  Rep. Nancy Pelosi said on MSNBC Thursday.  I m concerned about his fitness for office. Time reported that his staff are forced to cater to his big ego AND bad diet choices As he settles down, they bring him a Diet Coke, while the rest of us are served water, with the Vice President sitting at one end of the table. With the salad course, Trump is served what appears to be Thousand Island dressing instead of the creamy vinaigrette for his guests. When the chicken arrives, he is the only one given an extra dish of sauce. At the dessert course, he gets two scoops of vanilla ice cream with his chocolate cream pie, instead of the single scoop for everyone else. On top of his food choices, he s also been criticized for the bizarre way he eats. Pizza with a knife and fork? Weird.Apparently, once you start chowing down on fast food with a knife and fork, you don t go back. Or maybe the cutlery just makes him feel better about his KFC habit?Great afternoon in Ohio & a great evening in Pennsylvania   departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia! pic.twitter.com/jQTQYBFpdb  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 2, 2016It will be interesting to see what comes out of Gingrich s book about the lifestyle of our President. Base on his current track record of bizarre habits, it should be pretty entertaining and probably gross.",0
1193," Kellyanne Conway Just Earned ‘Leaker’ Label, And She May Have Thrown Trump To The Wolves (TWEETS)","The entire Trump White House is all about cracking down on leaks that make them look bad, but perhaps Kellyanne Conway didn t get that memo. At a party on Friday night, Politico reports that she was overheard making a series of less-than-savory comments about a few things to reporters, including something Trump told her about James Comey and whether tapes of his conversations in the White House exist. Someone at the party overheard and created a Twitter account to document the exchanges.The account is called @KellyanneLeaks, and the conversations took place at the British Embassy during their election night party. One of the things she said, according to @KellyanneLeaks, was this:She said Trump told her to say  Jim Comey will have to wait and see about the tapes ; she added  I chose to convert that to  no comment'  3/  Kellyanne Leaks (@KellyanneLeaks) June 9, 2017It sounds like Trump was trying to get her to intimidate Comey on his behalf, because apparently he hasn t already tried that enough already.  I chose to convert that to  no comment,  refers to her actual statement that she could not comment on the tapes, and that Trump wouldn t comment any further, either.The White House was not exactly pleased about what Comey said to the Senate on Thursday, and Trump himself wasted little time in calling Comey a liar while also saying his testimony was vindicating. His lawyer has sent a complaint to the Department of Justice over Comey s  leaked  memo, which just makes their whole position worse. And here s Kellyanne Conway, admittedly speaking to reporters off the record, but still discussing with members of the press something Trump told her that she ultimately refused to say. She and her big mouth may still have gotten Trump in more trouble than he s already in.She also took aim at White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, making fun of the way he talks and what he chooses to be upset about:She had a good/cruel riff mocking @Reince45 in WH staff meetings.  No leaks guuuys  she said, mimicking him in a dopey voice.  Seriously  5/  Kellyanne Leaks (@KellyanneLeaks) June 9, 2017 He should just be honest:  I m upset because there s someone working on a story who pronounces it RAYNSE instead of REINCE.'  6/  Kellyanne Leaks (@KellyanneLeaks) June 9, 2017The funny thing is, @KellyanneLeaks points out something quite obvious. If Trump & Co. are serious about cracking down on leaks, they should look a little closer to home than James Comey:Trump/Pence people are a bit sloppy and fratricidal; what else is new. But if 45 wonders who the leakers are  https://t.co/TkUmw3EzTR  Kellyanne Leaks (@KellyanneLeaks) June 9, 2017Of course, after this came out, Sean Spicer came to Conway s defense and says she denied everything. She wasn t making fun of Reince Priebus, for instance, she was making fun of reporters and the news media about how wrong they tend to get things. Yet, according to Politico, two other sources confirmed @KellyanneLeaks  version of events.So she may well have just thrown her boss under the wheels of a bus.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1194, WATCH: Dan Rather Explains How Close We Actually Are To A Republican Defection From Trump,"It s all over the news that President Trump s popularity is sliding down a slippery slope, even among his Republican cronies. Former CBS News anchor Dan Rather sat down with CNN and disclosed that he is predicting some Republicans could completely defect from President Trump if his poll numbers slip below 30 percent. They re afraid that he may have indeed committed some impeachable offense, and also they re hearing from home that a lot of their constituents have increasing concerns about the Trump presidency,  Rather told CNN s Don LemonPhoto by Kirk Irwin/Getty Images for SiriusXM",0
1195," “Just Drink A Bottle Of Gin And Waterboard Yourself,” Twitter Ex-CEO SLAMS Trump Meeting and Commentators GO WILD!","The former CEO of the President s favorite outlet just slammed him with a hard to ignore insult about what it s like to be in the same room with POTUS.Mega mogul Dick Costolo was invited to a meeting with leaders of Silicon Valley and some of the country s business bigwigs this week.  He wasn t shy in his attempt to let the world know they can rest assured that they did not miss out on anything by not being at the meeting.If you don't get invited to this meeting and want to know what it was like, just drink a bottle of gin and then waterboard yourself. https://t.co/secLdw2Xjp  dick costolo (@dickc) June 10, 2017Yowza!This definitely won t sit well with Twitter-happy, image-obsessed President Trump. The man spends hours a day obsessing over Costello s former company, even if its founders despise him.Trump won t address this major dis   he never does when people he respects openly bash him. He just sulks, whines about bullshit, and then goes golfing. What a phony.Even though Trump himself won t respond to this super funny slam, the world of Twitter will keep us entertained with some AMAZING comments. Check out these gems:Photo by Michael Reynolds-Pool/Getty Images",0
1196, Trump HUMILIATED At The Beach This Weekend With HILARIOUS Flying Banner,"There s some funny business happening this weekend at the Jersey Shore, and it s not the usual shenanigans you have in mind. A Democratic group is flying a HUGE banner today over the very busy beaches of the Jersey Shore with a hilarious anti-Trump message.The banner that reads  TRUMP IS ON VACATION WITH YOUR $$  is being flown by the outspoken Bridge Project. They are flying it from Beach Haven all the way up north to Sea Bright.The group cleverly chose this location and weekend because the President is spending a leisurely weekend golfing at his NJ beach resort. Flying this banner is the perfect way to highlight the fact that Trump is spending every weekend golfing at the beach   rather than doing his job   and to embarrass him about it, bigly.The irony of Trump spending all his weekends golfing is that he used to slam President Obama on Twitter for playing golf while in the office. Now, even Trump s fellow Republicans are recognizing that he is majorly out-golfing Obama. Senator Joni Ernst from Iowa said in an April town hall speech that Trump needs to spend way less time at Mar-a-Lago in Florida if he wants to be an effective president. I do wish he would spend more time in Washington, D.C. That s what we have the White House for. By April Trump had spent as much time traveling during his presidency than Obama did during the entire two terms in the White House. Besides not being in D.C. doing his job, just one of Trump s weekend getaways cost taxpayers $3.6 million.Maybe this banner will help Trump to see the error of his ways? OK, probably not, but at least it will embarrass the shit out of him.Photo by Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images",0
1197, The Internet Can’t Stop Laughing At Sarah Huckabee Sanders’ Dumbass Tweet (SCREENSHOTS),"White House deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders made more sense on Saturday than she has in her numerous defenses of Donald Trump. Anchor, traffic light, traffic light, traffic light, traffic light, anchor, traffic light, traffic light, traffic light, traffic light, traffic light, traffic light, traffic light, map, map, map, map, map, map, castle, map, map, castle, castle, castle, traffic light,  :/9//&, statue, airplane, shrine, house, #, traffic light, lolaklkk, traffic light, traffic light, fountain, monorail, traffic light, train, boat, train,  she wrote   perhaps the most coherent statement the Trump administration has ever released.What did she mean by this? Who the hell knows   but Twitter loves it:This is the most coherent statement to come from the Trump administration.  David Blaustein (@blaustein) June 10, 2017IMO it means  we are planning to sell the infrastructure of the United States to Russia and China for our personal enrichment  Dave (@SandleDavid) June 10, 2017Somewhere in there she said,  Trump is a liar.  Schumi777 (@schumii777) June 10, 2017Having trouble translating this into its native Russian  Stephen Grant (@stephencgrant) June 10, 2017Is  lolaklkk  the next  covfefe ?  Lotus Prince (@LotusPrince) June 10, 2017pic.twitter.com/UDs6wOIkQo  LucyFur the Cat (@LucyFurTweets) June 10, 2017Sarah Huckabee Sanders just leaked John McCain s Comey testimony prep notes.  Produkt (@ProduKtJRG) June 10, 2017I just love how professional this administration is, bless their hearts!  Gerriann C Jackson (@gerriannj) June 10, 2017This will not fit on a t-shirt.  Susan Oliver (@SeekingSusie) June 10, 2017It s refreshing to see this kind of honesty out of you.  Tina O Shea (@stickymama) June 10, 2017I think she s trying to tell us something pic.twitter.com/SbqMQodmPR  t (@taylqrgang) June 10, 2017Meanwhile: ???????????? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?????????? ?? ????? ????? ??? ?????  Lena Arice Lucas (@LenaAriceLucas) June 10, 2017And then this ???????????????????????????????????????? just saying ?  Martin Gilmour (@Sports_care1st) June 10, 2017This happens when I drunk tweet too  California Girl (@FightingMad1) June 10, 2017pic.twitter.com/mrnJEuKiEb  America (@Natali52475190) June 10, 2017Will we ever know the meaning of this tweet? Possibly not   it appears be be written in an ancient tongue spoken only by the people of the lost city of Covefefe. But we can safely assume that she was trying to tell us the pee pee tapes are real.Featured image via screengrab",0
1198, WATCH: Watergate Reporter Carl Bernstein HAMMERS Trump For Being A Real Leaker,"Legendary investigative reporter Carl Bernstein sees right through Donald Trump s bullshit.In response to former FBI Director James Comey s testimony that outed Trump as a liar who fired him just because he wouldn t drop a federal investigation, Trump accused Comey of perjury and has labeled him a  leaker  because he released his memos to the press. The memos, however, were not classified information and are protected by law and Supreme Court rulings.But Trump is still throwing a temper tantrum anyway and that hypocritical as Watergate reporter Carl Bernstein sees it.During an appearance on CNN, Bernstein took Trump to the woodshed for being the top leaker in his own administration. He s trying to discredit Comey, he s trying to rouse his base as he did at the Faith Initiative Conference yesterday,  Bernstein said.  He s somebody that s worried about what s down the road later rather than now. So he s gone to the question,  Comey is a leaker,  thinking that is going to discredit him, particularly with his own base, when in fact Donald Trump is a leaker. He s been a leaker for all of his professional life, he s even leaked by falsely impersonating himself under another name. So this is a big game in which the president and the people around him know that he has been damaged, that these investigations are closing in on him and right now he wants to the weight of his followers behind him and he wants to keep them in place so Republicans on the Hill don t abandon him. Right now what is clear to those of us who have studied this White House is that Donald Trump is engaged in a scorched-earth battle against James Comey and he s playing to his base for all its worth. Here s the video via YouTube.Indeed, the most damning evidence of Trump being the real leaker is when he leaked highly classified intelligence with Russian officials during an Oval Office meeting last month.The information was so sensitive that it had not even been shared with our top allies yet.The Washington Post reported:The partner had not given the United States permission to share the material with Russia, and officials said Trump s decision to do so endangers cooperation from an ally that has access to the inner workings of the Islamic State. After Trump s meeting, senior White House officials took steps to contain the damage, placing calls to the CIA and the National Security Agency. This is code-word information,  said a U.S. official familiar with the matter, using terminology that refers to one of the highest classification levels used by American spy agencies. Trump  revealed more information to the Russian ambassador than we have shared with our own allies. Trump even gave the Russians a good idea of who gathered the intelligence for us by naming the city it came from.Trump willfully endangered our national security and harmed the trust of an ally by leaking this sensitive information to the Russians. That makes him a true leaker. And he should be impeached and put in prison for it.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
1199, WATCH: CNN NAILS Trump For Lie That He Would Never Demand Loyalty,"Donald Trump just got caught lying again and there is video to prove it.When former FBI Director James Comey testified under oath in the Senate on Thursday, he recalled that Trump demanded loyalty from him before he was asked to drop the investigation of Michael Flynn and Trump s ties to Russia. The President said,  I need loyalty, I expect loyalty,  Comey testified.But when asked by ABC reporter Jon Karl if he had demanded Comey s loyalty, Trump denied the whole thing and pretended that he has never demanded loyalty from anyone in his entire life. So he said those things under oath,  Karl began.  Would you be willing to speak under oath to give your version of those events? One hundred percent,  Trump replied.  I didn t say under oath   I hardly know the man. I m not going to say, I want you to pledge allegiance. Who would do that? Who would ask a man to pledge allegiance under oath? I mean, think of it. I hardly know the man. It doesn t make sense. No, I didn t say that, and I didn t say the other. If Trump were to say this under oath he would he would be committing perjury. And CNN proved it by playing video of Trump on the campaign trail in Florida asking people in the crowd to raise their hands and pledge their loyalty to him. Keep in mind that Trump had never met anyone in that audience. But he had several discussions and meetings with Comey. In other words, Comey was not a complete stranger to him. If he was willing to ask a crowd of random people to pledge their allegiance to him, he would certainly be willing to demand loyalty from Comey.Here s the damning video via YouTube.This is yet more proof that Trump is a liar who has zero credibility. He will say anything to save his own ass.Featured image via Olivier Douliery   Pool/Getty Images",0
1200, Trump Just Offered To Testify Under Oath And It’s Gonna Be HILARIOUS (VIDEO),"After James Comey called him a liar five times on Thursday, Donald Trump has been obsessing over the former FBI Director s damning testimony. It s driving him insane   so insane that he has deigned it appropriate to cave to pressure to testify. Under oath. Where lies become crimes. It s like f*cking Christmas.In the aftermath of Comey s testimony, The Donald attempted to demonize the former director, complaining that he is a  LEAKER  because he passed on his not the least bit classified thoughts on his meeting with Trump.Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication and WOW, Comey is a leaker!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 9, 2017Many have been challenging Trump to testify lately   and now the orange occupant of the Oval Office says he s going to do just that. The Hill reports: One hundred percent,  Trump said when asked if he would give a sworn statement to Robert Mueller, the special counsel leading the investigation into Russia s election interference. I would be glad to tell him exactly what I told you,  the president said during a press conference in the White House Rose Garden. Yesterday showed no collusion, no obstruction,  Trump said, ignoring that Comey said nothing to dispute collusion or obstruction. He refused to comment in an open setting.  But we were very, very happy and, frankly, James Comey confirmed a lot of what I said. And some of the things that he said just weren t true. Yes, according to The Donald, Comey   a liar    confirmed  many of the things he has said, even though he s a lying liar whose pants are on fire.Though he originally threatened to release tapes of his conversations with Comey, The Donald now says they may not exist, telling reporters that you will be very disappointed when you hear the answer.  But, of course, the threat lives on:James Comey better hope that there are no ""tapes"" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017Comey s response during his testimony was  Lordy, I hope there are tapes,  so we can safely assume Trump s new statement means that he destroyed any recordings he made.Watch below:Pres. Trump would  100%  be willing to say under oath that he didn t ask Comey to let Flynn investigation ""go""; didn't say  I need loyalty."" pic.twitter.com/TayObtkChX  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) June 9, 2017Featured image via Getty Images",0
1201, It’s Mueller Time!: Russia Probe Just Got Worse For Trump And It’s Going To Hurt,"Justice Department deputy solicitor general Michael Dreeben will assist Robert Mueller and he s no slacker. He has argued more than 100 cases before the U.S. Supreme Court so his resume is worthy of joining the investigation into possible coordination between Trump s associates and Russian officials. Donald Trump had better stock up on aspirin because team Mueller is going to be all up in his business. The move signals that Mueller may be seeking advice on complex areas of criminal law, including what constitutes obstruction of justice and that has been an issue of debate for a while now. Most recently, when former FBI Director James Comey testified Thursday.Dreeben is the department s go-to lawyer on criminal justice cases and is highly respected by Democrats and Republicans alike due to his encyclopedic knowledge of criminal law, according to the Washington Post.Dreeben has been pulled into the investigation to work part time for Mueller while he continues to oversee the department s criminal appellate cases, according to Justice officials.According to former and current Justice Department officials, Mueller s recruitment of Dreeben into the probe shows how serious he is about the investigation and signals complexities in the investigation.Dreeben is thought of as brilliant in his area of expertise:Michael is the most brilliant and most knowledgeable federal criminal lawyer in America   period,  said Walter Dellinger, a law professor at Duke University School of Law and acting solicitor general for the 1996-1997 term of the Supreme Court. I learned early on in my time as acting [solicitor general] that there was no point of ever thinking of second-guessing Michael on a matter of federal criminal law because he just knew more than I did or could ever know,  Dellinger said.  He s a straight shooter, and is held in the greatest esteem by the FBI and lawyers in U.S. attorneys offices all over the country. It s not just Dreeben:Mueller s team includes Jeannie Rhee, a former deputy assistant attorney general and a partner in the investigations practice at WilmerHale, and Andrew Weissmann, the chief of the Justice Department s fraud section who oversaw corruption investigations including the probe into cheating by Volkswagen on diesel emissions tests over.Aaaand, Trump s lawyer can t even spell  President  so that s kind of sad, don t you think? Marc Kasowitz, Trump s life-long personal attorney, issued a statement to refute Comey s testimony. The only problem is that it was riddled with errors, including the spelling of  President.  Spelling is HARD.Trump better lawyer up but hire someone more effective because it s Mueller Time!Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
1202," Karma Comes For Trump, Congressional Committees Want To See Comey ‘Tapes’ (TWEETS)","Donald Trump s lies and empty threats are finally catching up to him. Just a day after the hearing of former FBI Director James Comey, Committees in Congress are announcing that they not only want to see Comey s memos of his conversations with Trump, but they also want to see the supposed White House  tapes  that Trump says exist.The Senate Judiciary Committee released a letter to Daniel Richman, a friend of Comey who had leaked Comey s memo to the press after receiving instruction from the former FBI Director to do so. This letter requests that Richman provide copies of every memo Comey gave him:The Senate Judiciary Committee has asked Comey s good friend at @ColumbiaLaw for copies of the memos Comey provided him. pic.twitter.com/kgOip24e7m  Kenneth P. Vogel (@kenvogel) June 9, 2017Trump is currently freaking out over this, and his own personal lawyer Marc Kasowitz will be filing a complaint about the leak in response.In another move that will leave Trump tweeting in anger, the House Intelligence Committee put out a separate statement requesting the memo and  tapes , which Trump had threatened to release to get back at Comey:The letter demands that the tapes,  to the extent they exist now,  must be given to the committee by June 23rd.Already, Trump is sh*tting his pants. Earlier today, Trump accused Comey of perjury, and also wouldn t directly back up his previous statements about the tapes, which allegedly contain his conversations with Comey.Trump may be having a meltdown over this, but Comey is likely tickled pink that the committees want to see the tapes. When Trump threatened to release the likely nonexistent tapes, Comey said: Lordy, I hope there are tapes. It s almost certain that Trump has been lying all along, and he s about to be exposed in a truly humiliating way.Featured image via Pool / Getty Images",0
1203, Trump Declares That America ‘Worships God’ And Gets POUNDED On Twitter With The Constitution,"Donald Trump shredded the First Amendment during his remarks at the Faith and Freedom Coalition on Thursday and made a total ass of himself on Twitter.During his speech, Trump said that America will only succeed if we have  faith in our God  and declared that Americans must be  devoted to its creator  to make our country great. Unlike the Founding Fathers, who actually are responsible for creating the country we live in today, Trump pandered to conservative Christians by claiming that God created America. On Twitter, Trump thanked the organization and declared that  we worship God. An honor to join the @FaithandFreedom Coalition yesterday. In America, we don t worship government. We worship God. #FaithandFreedom pic.twitter.com/kijEWhmRcq  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 9, 2017This is a clear endorsement of Christianity by the executive branch of the United States Government, which is a violation of the Constitution and the separation of church and state.The Constitution does not endorse any religion of deity. It gives all Americans the right to worship whomever they chose and practice whatever religion they want or none at all.And Twitter users were quick to smack Trump down using the First Amendment as a club.In America, we have the right to worship or NOT worship. ANY god. Or NO god. US isn t a Christian nation. It is a free one.  Adam Best (@adamcbest) June 9, 2017This coming from the President is concerning to citizens who don t share his religious views. Will we be unconstitutionally persecuted?  Adam Best (@adamcbest) June 9, 2017The common fabric shared by all Americans is no single religion, nor many religions collectively. It s a devotion to our Constitution.  Tom Bonier (@tbonier) June 9, 2017No! We worship whatever we want! We re Americans!#NiceTryTrump  val broeksmit (@BikiniRobotArmy) June 9, 2017Has this man ever read the Bible OR the Constitution?  Neil Makhija (@NeilMakhija) June 9, 2017Except for you. You worship the dollar.PS   We don t all worship god, genius.  StevenBoyer (@SteveBoyer5000) June 9, 2017Actually we worship (or don t worship) whomever and however we please. You should read the Constitution  it is why we are great.  Benjamin Byron Davis (@Tooda) June 9, 2017Please double-check your copy of the U.S. Constitution, Mr. President.  Matt Small (@newsmatt) June 9, 2017Amazing how people who claim to be Christians listen to a pathological liar who doesn t have a Christian bone in his body. #hypocrites  TheDroningPool (@TheDroningPool) June 9, 2017Featured Image: Ralph Freso/Getty Images",0
1204, Republican Senator BLASTS Trump’s Administration For ‘Unconstitutional’ Attempt To Hide Information From Congress,"President Trump is pissing off a lot of his fellow Republicans with his inability to cooperate with normal, law abiding governmental business, and some are giving the president a piece of their minds.The President s legal team has been trying to limit the ability of Congress to obtain crucial information from the Executive Branch, and Sen. Chuck Grassley openly blasted them for it.The Senator lets loose in a 7-page letter on June 7th.  This is nonsense,  said Grassley, slamming them for their violations of the separation of powers and trying to get around the checks and balances that are crucial for U.S. government to run.The June 7th letter is a heated statement from a pissed off lawmaker about White House s Office Counsel opinion that the President and his staff should be able to flat out deny information requests from anyone other than the chairmen of Congressional committees.Senator Grassley s view is that it s total bullshit, and basically a way for the Whitehouse to cover up whatever it wants. It erroneously rejects any notion that individual members of Congress who may not chair a relevant committee need to obtain information from the Executive Branch in order to carry out their Constitutional duties. It falsely asserts that only requests from committees or their chairs are  constitutionally authorized,  and relegates requests from non-Chairmen to the position of  non-oversight  inquiries   whatever that means. For OLC to so fundamentally misunderstand and misstate such a simple fact exposes its shocking lack of professionalism and objectivity. Indeed, OLC appears to have utterly failed to live up to its own standards. You are being ill-served and ill advised. The whole process of checks and balances relies on the ability of any member of the U.S. Senate or House of Representatives to be able to request and obtain any needed information from the executive branch. The powers vested in the Congress   both explicitly and inherently by the Constitution   impose significant and far-reaching responsibilities on the people s elected representatives,  he said.  They include the authorization and appropriation of federal funds, the organization of federal departments, the enactment of laws executing the enumerated powers, the confirmation of nominees, the impeachment and removal of officers, and the investigation of the execution of the laws and of waste, fraud, and abuse in federal programs. These responsibilities are all forms of oversight, all mechanisms that support the legislative check and balance of the executive power. All members participate in deciding whether, when, and how Congress will exercise these authorities. Grassley goes on to explain that by selectively deciding who it will respond to, the Executive branch is spitting in the face of transparency, discouraging bipartisanship, and getting in the way of the ability of our representatives to effectively do their jobs. Information requests are not hostile threats, they are how Congress makes decisions and does it s job.Senator Grassley concluded the letter by asking that the OLC take back the request altogether. It harms not just the Members who happen to be in the minority party at the moment, but also, Members in the majority party who are not currently Chairmen. It obstructs what ought to be the natural flow of information between agencies and the committees, which frustrates the Constitutional function of legislating. Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1205, Donald Trump Just Totally Melted Down On Live Television (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has been having a rough time lately and things came to a head on Thursday when James Comey testified before Congress regarding the  president s  attempts to obstruct justice. Judging by Friday s press conference, it seems that things are really starting to get to Trump.During a press conference with Romanian President Klaus Iohannis, Trump completely melted down on live television. He debated out loud whether to call on  one of the killer networks  who are so mean to him with their  fake news  and finally called on the Washington Times  Dave Boyer and warned him to be nice.Boyer asked Trump about Comey s testimony, wondering if there really are tapes that could settle the whole obstruction of justice matter. Trump responded just as you would expect him to.No collusion, no obstruction. He s a leaker,  Trump said.He then implied that Comey had committed perjury, lying to Congress about him while under oath. Frankly, James Comey confirmed a lot of what I said, and some of the things that he said just weren t true,  he said, seemingly wanting it both ways. Trump denied Comey s accusation that he had pressured the FBI director to drop the investigation into Mike Flynn s Russian ties and asked him to pledge loyalty. But he added that it would have been okay to do even if he had, which he hadn t. (Insert eye roll here.)Boyer then asked the  president  if he would testify under oath to tell his side of the story and Trump said that he would be  100 percent  willing to do so. But the rest of Trump s answer was enough to make the entire country do a collective facepalm.I hardly know the man. I m not going to say I want you to pledge allegiance. Who would do that? Who would ask a man to pledge allegiance under oath? I mean think of it? I hardy know the man. It doesn t make sense. No, I didn t say that and I didn t say the other.For the record, it was at this point that everyone sitting in the room watching the press conference with me screamed,  YOU  at the television. Trump also promised that we would be hearing more about the alleged tapes in a  short period of time. Trump is losing it. His temper tantrums on live tv just prove that his tenuous grasp on reality is slipping under the pressure.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1206, CNN Fires Reza Aslan For Describing Trump As A ‘Piece Of Sh*t’; Cable News Continues Death Spiral,"CNN announced it would be severing its ties to religious scholar and popular writer Reza Aslan. The long-time CNN contributor was working on a nonfiction show called  Believer  on the cable network. His crime? Responding to Trump s pathetic smears on London after it suffered a terror attack by calling him a  piece of shit. If CNN was interested in relaying the truth, they should have had no problem with the apt description of Trump in the London aftermath. Many, many Americans and many, many people around the world watched in stunned horror as the President of the United States had a complete meltdown in the hours and days after the attack.All of these behaviors, if done by anyone, would make them a  piece of shit.  The fact that it was the President of the United States doing so only reinforced how inappropriate it all was.Aslan s response was not particularly groundbreaking or controversial. Given the way the president has described women ( moved on her like a bitch,   blood coming out of her whatever ), POWs ( I like people who weren t captured ), and well  that awful mockery of the disabled, the use of the word  shit  is hardly an unforgivable sin in this media environment. And yet CNN has decided to not move forward with production on the acquired series  Believer with Reza Aslan,  the network said in a statement.  We wish Reza and his production team all the best.  How brave.Aslan, meanwhile, has taken the opportunity to take the high road while also giving a middle finger to censorship. In a post, he says he believes speaking out against Trump is more important than ever and that if CNN can t handle that then it was probably a good thing the two parted ways.My statement about the cancellation of #Believer pic.twitter.com/ITtXAyQwd5  Reza Aslan (@rezaaslan) June 9, 2017CNN, meanwhile, continues to employ Trump surrogates like Jeffrey Lord who have given audiences such nonsense insights such as  birtherism isn t racist  and the Congressional Black Caucus is just like the KKK. CNN also infamously hired Trump s former campaign manager after he was dismissed from Trump s campaign for, among other things, assaulting a female reporter. They paid him a reported $500,000. They later let him go after it was revealed he was still being paid an additional $500,000 by Trump s campaign.Featured image via CNN",0
1207, Here’s A Look At The Obama Administration Scandal From This Point In His Administration,"Eight years ago, the right-wing media was obsessed over a White House controversy. It seemed that the newly elected President Barack Obama was unfit for office because he *gasp* used Dijon mustard as a condiment.In news from eight years ago that appears to be from some alternate reality, Obama left the White House and went out for a local bite to eat with vice president and BFF Joe Biden in May. The two politicians ordered hamburgers, MSNBC journalist Andrea Mitchell reported at the time, with the sitting president requesting mustard on his red meat.Source: NewsweekHere s Sean Hannity covering the travesty.To be fair, Donald Trump suffered his own condiment scandal when during his first D.C. dinner as President, he ordered a well done steak with ketchup, and the outrage to that was a bit over the top as well:Trump putting ketchup on his steak is really the only thing you need to know to fully comprehend how terrible of a person he is.  eat the rude (@MrNotWell) May 25, 2017It s well documented that trump likes his steak well done with ketchup..ya know like a child. Chef @FlowGo37 how do u feel about this?  Greg Gurenlian (@GregBeast32) May 24, 2017Of all the horrible news to learn this week: Trump eats his steak with ketchup! #impeach45  Sydney Back (@SkidneyBack) May 24, 2017Just found out Trump eats his steak with ketchup. That honestly tells me everything I need to know about the man.  Steven Ormsbee (@thelastormsbee) May 23, 2017Just when I think Trump can t sink any lower, he does just that. THE MAN PUTS KETCHUP ON STEAK THE SICK FUCK.  Justplainandy (@justplainandy) May 21, 2017By far the worst thing Trump has done is eat a well done steak with ketchup. How is this man not in jail?  Stephen A Davis (@SDIllustration) May 20, 2017The difference, of course, is that eight years ago, this was the best they had to disparage our President. Today, we only wish his choice in condiments was the worst we could say about Trump. As for Fox, they were so desperate to tear down a scandal-free administration, and they are equally desperate to turn the most scandal-ridden administration in history into something palatable.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1208, OOPS: Conservatives Lose BIGLY In UK Election After Trump Attacks London Mayor,"Donald Trump s bigoted attack against London s mayor just backfired spectacularly.The day after London was attacked by a terrorists, Trump launched an attack on the city s mayor by taking his words out of context and making it sound like he s a terrorist sympathizer just because of his name.At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is  no reason to be alarmed!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 4, 2017Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his  no reason to be alarmed  statement. MSM is working hard to sell it!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017Trump took a lot of criticism for his unsavory attacks on the mayor in the wake of the terrorist attack. And now conservatives in London just experienced the consequences.In a snap parliamentary election held on Thursday, UK voters booted conservatives and the extreme right-wing out of power, making it impossible for Prime Minister Theresa May to create a majority government. Trump s remarks reportedly were partly to blame for the stunning defeat.Hearing from a Labour friend that Donald s nasty attacks on the Mayor of London hurt the Tories in the closing days.  Simon Rosenberg (@SimonWDC) June 9, 2017Brexit was also a major reason why conservatives lost the vote as young Brits flocked to ballot box to correct an error made last year when voters approved of withdrawing the United Kingdom from the European Union based on bigotry and fear of Muslims. Not only did progressive Labour leader Jeromy Corbyn win the youth vote by a landslide, more people voted in this election than they did during the Brexit vote.In May 2015, just 43% of Britons 18-24 voted In Nov. 2016, just 50% of Americans 18-24 votedOn Thursday  > https://t.co/Qke3NQvtIC  Jeff Stein (@JStein_Vox) June 9, 2017In 2015, Miliband won the youth vote by 15 points. In 2016, Clinton won it by 18 points.Tonight s exit poll: Corbyn won it by 44 points  Jeff Stein (@JStein_Vox) June 9, 2017In May 2015, just 43% of Britons 18-24 voted In Nov. 2016, just 50% of Americans 18-24 votedOn Thursday  > https://t.co/Qke3NQvtIC  Jeff Stein (@JStein_Vox) June 9, 2017This is a major victory that should scare the hell out of Republicans here in America. If the same percentage of Americans, especially American youths, vote in the 2018 Election, they are in serious trouble of losing the majority they currently have in Congress. And that spells doom for Trump as well. He will definitely be impeached if Democrats control Congress, and if he somehow survived until the 2020 Election, the trend away from right-wing extremism could make him a one-term loser.Let s hope what happened in the UK on Thursday crosses the pond and bites Trump and the Republican party on the ass.Featured Image: Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
1209, Trump Celebrates Pride Month By Being Saying We’re ‘Under Siege’ From Gay People,"It s becoming increasingly apparent, over these last months, that Donald Trump s one priority is to be a d*ck and he s proving it on this LGBTQ Pride month by addressing a group of people who hate gay people.On the day former FBI Director James Comey testified in front of the Senate, Trump spoke to the annual meeting of the right-wing evangelical Faith and Freedom Conference, where he told the group that they were  under siege,  from people wanting to buy cakes, apparently. We will always support our evangelical community and defend your right and the right of all Americans to follow and to live by the teachings of their faith,  the president told more than 1,000 activists meeting at a hotel across town from Capitol Hill, the scene of Comey s nationally televised testimony. And as you know, we re under siege, you understand that. But we will come out bigger and better and stronger than ever. You watch,  Trump said.  You fought hard for me and now I m fighting hard for all of you. Trump, who two years ago couldn t name his favorite bible verse, is now pretending to be a friend to the evangelical community, and they are lapping it right up, mostly because he s learned to pander to them. His Supreme Court Justice, Neil Gorsuch, was a gift to anti-gay, anti-choice bigots. Trump also wants to let churches get political, without losing their tax-exempt status.The conference, called the Road to Majority, is a hodgepodge of white maleness with a handful of white women thrown in just to spice things up. Speakers include Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, Vice President Mike Pence, Iowa Senator Joni Earnst, and both the Reps from Tennessee, Marsha Blackburn and Diane Black. Pat Boone will also be there for one of his infamous anti-gay rants.There was a time during the election, when some of us felt that LGBTQ people might get away unscathed from a Trump presidency. At least until he chose Mike Pence as his VP. Trump s transformation, though, is complete. He might not be religious, but he will gladly accept all the worst traits of religious people, as long as they re still willing to fawn all over him.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1210, Trump Just Committed Obstruction Of Justice By Whining About Comey ‘Leak’ On Twitter,"Donald Trump broke his Twitter silence over James Comey s Senate testimony on Friday morning by committing an act of obstruction. NOT SMART!During the former FBI Director s testimony on Thursday, Trump watched as Comey slammed him for being a liar who did fire him because he refused to drop the Russia investigation.Comey also admitted that he leaked his memos that covered conversations he had with Trump. He gave the memos to friends and instructed them to give them to the New York Times.And Trump decided to whine about it on Twitter while also declaring that he has been vindicated.Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication and WOW, Comey is a leaker!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 9, 2017Except that Trump has not been vindicated at all. He interfered in a federal investigation in order to save his own ass. That s not something innocent people do.But it turns out that Trump may have committed obstruction of justice by attacking Comey on Twitter. And alo because Trump s White House is demanding that the Justice Department investigate Comey for the leaks.According to whistleblower protection attorney Stephen Kohn, Initiating an investigation because you don t like somebody s testimony could be considered obstruction and in the whistleblower context, it s both evidence of retaliation and, under some laws, could be an adverse retaliatory act itself. Indeed, even attacking Comey on Twitter is considered obstruction because,  This is a chilling effect on people not to talk about conversations they had with the president that are not classified as a matter of law,  Kohn said.  That is illegal   that is unconstitutional. In short, Trump is intimidating people to remain silent about him and what he says and does, and that s against the law. Not everything the president says or does is classified information. Comey s memos certainly are not classified. Plus, Comey is now a private citizen so the Justice Department has no authority over him. In short, Trump shot himself in the foot when he fired Comey.If Trump forces the Justice Department to go after Comey, it would be a gross abuse of power designed for the sole purpose of retaliating against someone he considers an enemy. Doing such a thing would also scare other people in the government from speaking out. That s obstruction. And Trump should be impeached for it.Twitter even mocked Trump for being such a sore loser.Comey asked the AG that he never be left alone with you, because you would pressure him and then lie. That s obstruction of justice. Sad!  Dave Hogg ? (@Stareagle) June 9, 2017Please stop lying. Comey is known for his honesty. You are known, world wide, for being a pathological liar. https://t.co/VQNevWYPmR  Jack Schofield (@jackschofield) June 9, 2017It s not leaking if what he was sharing wasn t classified. Comey shared his recollection of conversations Trump had discussed on national TV pic.twitter.com/OqRRS5SEg7  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) June 9, 2017Guess who else leaked secrets of private Prez meeting? pic.twitter.com/xwwnN4hrVS  Melissa Jo Peltier (@MelissaJPeltier) June 9, 2017I believe you re confused, @realDonaldTrump. Maybe this helps. vin di ca tion: the action of clearing someone of blame or suspicion.  VoteVets (@votevets) June 9, 2017awww @realDonaldTrump   did u get ur phone back? is twitter time out over? a guy that pees on prostitutes should not use  leaker  as a taunt  ROSIE (@Rosie) June 9, 2017Featured Image: Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1211, Anything Can Provoke Trump To Block You On Twitter – Even Ice Cream!,"I guess Trump missed the sticks and stones lesson in life as more and more of his critics are getting blocked on Twitter over the tiniest things.Take, for example, Rob Szczerba s covfefe ice cream joke. According to CNN, Szczerba tweeted Trump:  @realDonaldTrump I heard #covfefe is a new flavor from Ben & Jerry s. But it s mostly just nuts! I heard #covfefe is a new flavor from Ben & Jerry's. But it's mostly just nuts! #ParisAgreement #ParisAccord  Rob Szczerba (@RJSzczerba) June 2, 2017When Szczerba went to tweet Trump again not long after, he found himself blocked by Trump.How sad is that? Blocked because of a joke. Rather than laugh off his own typo, Trump would rather pout and block people.Lauren Wolfe believes that blocking critics poses dangerous implications. When Trump shuts out his critics, he withdraws further into the bubble of sycophancy he already enjoys,  Wolfe wrote in an opinion piece for CNN.Wolfe raises a valid point. As the old saying goes: if you can t handle the heat, get out of the kitchen. So, what is Trump doing in the kitchen?Since Trump shows no signs of stopping as the number of people he blocks on Twitter grows, questions and concerns are on the rise. While some wear their blocked status proudly and couldn t care less, it raises first amendment concerns.If tweets by Trump, no matter how ridiculous they are, should they be inaccessible to certain people? After all, his tweets are meant to be treated as official White House statements.The Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University says a lawsuit is not out of the question if Trump doesn t unblock Twitter users. Your Twitter account is a designated public forum for essentially the same reasons that open city council meetings and school board meetings are,  the lawyers wrote in the letter.A fair point. Nobody deserves or should be exempt from what the president has to say on social media. Trump is no longer a private citizen and his Twitter account is also no longer personal to hide from others.While hilariously sad that Trump s blocking people, it just reinforces that everything is Trump s way or the highway.Featured image via Pete Marovich/Bloomberg via Getty Images",0
1212, Paul Ryan Claims GOP Wouldn’t Try To Have Democrat Facing Similar Charges To Trump Impeached,"Sometimes you get the feeling that Paul Ryan has forgotten exactly who he works for. Despite the fact that while campaigning, Donald Trump had his supporters chant  Lock her up!  in reference to Hillary Clinton using a private email server, Ryan believes that Republicans wouldn t call for the impeachment of a Democratic president accused of actions similar President Trump s.While James Comey confirmed in his hearing before a senate committee that he has no doubt that Russia interfered in the 2016 presidential election and that Trump tried to influence a criminal investigation, in response to a question from a reporter at his weekly Capitol press conference as to whether Republicans would be in favor of impeachment at this point, Ryan s answer was one of simple denial. No. I don t think we would, actually. I don t think that s at all the case,  Ryan said, despite belonging to a party that impeached a president over oral sex.Ryan admitted on MSNBC the previous night that it was  obviously  inappropriate to ask for the then-FBI director s loyalty, but claimed during the Capitol press conference that he felt sympathy toward Trump when it came to the topic of James Comey telling the president that he personally wasn t under investigation. What I got out of that testimony is, we now know why he was so frustrated when the FBI director told him three times there s no investigation of him, yet that speculation was allowed to continue,  said Ryan.Maybe if the president wasn t so self-centered and perhaps a little smarter he would ve reworded his question, because Comey made the point clear during his testimony   The FBI has no individual file on Donald Trump, thus Trump himself wasn t personally under investigation. His campaign, on the other hand, is and that consists of more people than just Donald Trump. And if Trump became a person of interest and was directly under investigation, it would create a duty to publicly correct the record.But since when has Donald Trump ever really thought about anybody besides Donald Trump?Featured image via Olivier Douliery   Pool/Getty Images",0
1213, Blumenthal: It ‘Could Be Perjury’ If Sessions Hid A Third Meeting With The Russians (VIDEO),"Sen. Richard Blumenthal was deeply disturbed by James Comey s testimony that Attorney General Jeff Sessions was hiding a third meeting with the Russians. During an interview with CNN s Erin Burnett on Thursday, Blumenthal said that if what Comey revealed is true, it  could be perjury. I can t confirm what may have been provided in a classified setting, but with a third meeting, even without it, what we have is a pattern of contacts with the Russians by (Michael) Flynn, by Sessions, by (Jared) Kushner   secret and then concealed,  Blumenthal said.It  could be perjury,  he added.Following the open hearing, Comey testified behind closed doors where he was able to discuss classified information. In this closed door hearing, Comey revealed that Sessions had met with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak a third time during the campaign and concealed it.Blumenthal said that Sessions is emerging more and more as a key figure  in the investigation into Russia s interference in our presidential election. Not only because of his problematic contact with Russians,  he said,  but also because he failed to safeguard and protect the FBI as part of the Department of Justice when he learned about the meeting in which the President of the United States in effect had inappropriate conversations with Director Comey. No wonder Comey didn t feel comfortable going to the Department of Justice with his concerns that Trump was trying to stop him from continuing the Russia investigation. Sessions  hands are turning out to be just as dirty as Trump s  and Mike Flynn s  and Paul Manafort s  and Carter Page s  and Jared Kushner s. Blumenthal sees the pattern here. I clearly see it. Even my grade schooler can see it. How the f*ck are Republicans still managing to stay so willfully ignorant?You can watch Blumenthal s interview here, via CNN: What we have is a pattern of contacts w the Russian secret and then conceleaed could be perjury  @SenBlumenthal https://t.co/iucCXvcXGz  OutFrontCNN (@OutFrontCNN) June 8, 2017Featured image via video screen capture",0
1214, A HUGE Percentage Of Americans Think Trump Fired James Comey Only To Protect Himself,"While team Trump is making light of the damage done by former FBI Director James Comey s highly anticipated testimony on Thursday, the public knows that the amateur president s decision to fire the very man leading an investigation into possible collusion and ties between his administration and Russian officials was only to protect himself. Comey isn t the first official the former reality show star has fired who was leading an investigation into his administration s growing scandal.In fact, a bigly amount of people aren t buying what Trump is selling. The firing of James Comey shocked the nation because of the timing of it all.According to a new poll, more than 60 percent of Americans think that Trump fired Comey in order to protect himself rather than to help the country.Time Magazine reports:Seven in 10 (72%) Americans don t trust Trump s word on Russia, but 55% also don t buy Comey s   likely a reflection of his own past controversies such as Hillary Clinton s email scandal and an overall distrust of the federal government, according to results from an ABC News and Washington Post survey.Only 27% felt that Trump dismissed Comey for the good of country. A majority of respondents (56%) believe the President is trying to interfere with the Russia probe Comey was supervising prior to his firing.It s not just Democrats, but conservatives, too, who doubt that Trump fired Comey for selfless reasons in order to Make America Great Again. Even conservatives know that it s about Russia. In fact, a whopping 60 percent had low trust in regards to what Trump claims about Russia   just 33 percent said that they had substantial trust. That means that Trump is losing his own base.The polls are certainly going to get worse for Trump after voters are polled following the testimony today in which Comey suggested that his termination from the FBI was for nefarious reasons. Comey has a go-in-alone strategy and he took notes of their meetings after feeling uncomfortable because of Trump s actions. Comey said he was not made to feel that way by former Presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush. But he did feel that way with Trump.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1215, GOP Columnist Bill Kristol Has The Goods On How Republicans REALLY Feel About Comey’s Testimony,"The entire nation has been glued to the coverage of fired FBI Director James Comey s testimony all day. When it was finally over, pundits continued to pick it apart. Meanwhile, the Republican National Committee claimed victory for Donald Trump in the government s investigation into potential collusion between Team Trump and the Russians. Trump s own lawyer all but called James Comey a liar in a statement whose clear purpose was to discredit the testimony altogether. And perhaps most pathetically of all, House Speaker Paul Ryan tried to excuse Trump s inappropriate  loyalty  requests of Comey as sheer ignorance of how Washington works. All in all, the GOP message is one of  nothing to see here, folks. Despite these bizarre public statements on the part of top Republicans, there is one prominent conservative who is willing to tell the truth about how the GOP is really feeling about the situation regarding Trump and the Russians. In short, they are shitting their pants. Conservative columnist and editor of the Weekly Standard Bill Kristol tweeted: I happen to have seen various GOP Senators this afternoon. Trust me: Basically, they re not just concerned. They re pretty terrified. I happen to have seen various GOP Senators this afternoon. Trust me: Basically, they're not just concerned. They're pretty terrified. https://t.co/WopZ2LiseR  Bill Kristol (@BillKristol) June 8, 2017This tweet comes as a result of an article in Politico that referred to the Republican leadership s interest in what James Comey would be saying on Capitol Hill as a  collective yawn.  Since this wouldn t be the first time the GOP has sold their souls and lied through their teeth to cover for Trump, I am more inclined to believe Bill Kristol. Further, they know they cannot publicly criticize Trump or show any sort of wavering in their confidence in his innocence in this whole Russia mess without having Trump light them up on Twitter and having his fans come for them.So, in other words, this Russia stuff is getting so hot that even Republicans cannot privately deny it any longer. But, they ll never say a word in public against Trump, because they care more about saving their proverbial political asses than they do about this country.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
1216," While We Were Watching Comey’s Testimony, The House Quietly Sucker-Punched Our Economy","The news of the day is the testimony that former FBI Director James Comey gave to the Senate Intelligence Committee this morning, along with Trump s lawyer s response in which there were all kinds of false allegations leveled at Comey. And while we were all swept up in that, the House was busy sucker-punching us. They held an important vote today on what to do with the Dodd-Frank financial reform bill that was passed in the wake of the financial crisis of 2008.They re ridiculously calling their new bill the CHOICE Act. It basically allows the banks to decide for themselves whether they continue to abide by Dodd-Frank or not. Because self-regulation, particularly of the financial sector, has always worked so well in the past.The CHOICE Act has a capital requirement that many banks say is still too high, but in light of what else this bill does, that s a minor complaint. The bill guts the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which was created specifically as an oversight body to help rein in risky behavior on the part of the big banks.Paul Ryan calls it  a jobs bill for Main Street.  Oh, please, Mr. Speaker, you know we can see right through your baloney. Especially on this.While Ryan and many of his cohorts are cheering the CHOICE Act s passage, some of the more sane Republicans and most Democrats are slamming it for  paving the way back to economic damage of the same scale [as the financial crisis] or worse,  as Maxine Waters put it.Furthermore, a story on Fortune s website says that this bill would prohibit the CFPB from publishing the data it collects on complaints about banks and other financial services, such as credit reporting. That, in turn, makes it more difficult for consumers to make informed choices, and it also could potentially remove an avenue for filing complaints and actually getting results: Individuals can also file complaints to try to right a wrong, such as when a credit bureau refuses to fix an error on a credit score. Credit reporting bureaus are notorious for mistakes, with as many as one in five consumers potentially having an error in their credit file.Yet the three main credit bureaus (Equifax, Experian, and Trans Union) lack proper incentives to fix these errors, which is why it should come as no surprise that they are the three most complained about companies in the CFPB database. [Full disclosure: I once filed a complaint about an error in my credit file, which I had been unable to fix in direct contact with the company, but after I filed a report with CFPB it was quickly fixed.] We know that the GOP doesn t care one whit about creating jobs, helping people in general or protecting the economy. They just proved it, again, with this after proving it with their insipid Obamacare replacement. Fortunately, like the AHCA, this has little chance of even making it to the Senate floor for a vote.Featured image via Ty Wright/Getty Images",0
1217, Even Republicans Didn’t Want Trump to Tweet During Comey Hearing,"It really says something when Republican leaders tell Trump not to tweet during an important event.When Former FBI Director James Comey s hearing was hours away, Republicans were rightfully anxious.Sean Spicer may have told the world that Trump s tweets are official statements, but we all know it s a circus and Spicer s trying to be the ringmaster. The Republicans are finally beginning to realize that. Oh, I wish he d do something else. It s not going to change the testimony,  said Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr, a Republican from North Carolina, who chaired the Comey hearing. (Source)It was no secret that Comey would speak unfavorably about Trump thanks to Comey s opening statement released on Wednesday.Naturally, this meant there was a high chance of Trump tweeting and saying how sad and wrong Comey is if Trump s track record is anything to go by.It s clear Trump needs someone to hold his hand through his time in office but whether he ll take the hand is up in the air. What I would do is go do my job, let them have their hearing and not give the impression that you re trying to influence it,  said Sen. Jim Inhofe, R-Oklahoma before the Comey hearing.Republican lawmakers are hoping that, if Trump can continue to lay low, the commotion of Trump s circus will die down a little. Then they will be able to focus on Trump s agenda again.To everyone s surprise, Trump didn t tweet during the hearing. Or at least, not the Trump we were all expecting. Instead, we got Trump Jr. throwing a tantrum on Twitter.I guess next time, Republicans should be specific on which Trump should not tweet during important events since they can t figure it out for themselves. Honestly it would be in everyone s best interest if Trump and his family didn t tweet at all.Featured image via Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images",0
1218, This Lawyer Just Obliterated The GOP’s Interpretation Of Comey’s Remarks (TWEETS),"Lawyers, especially on Twitter, like giving their own legal opinions on things to their followers. Some of them will try and explain legal matters happening in the nation s capital, and they don t always agree, but they always have insight for us laypeople. Seth Abramson, one such lawyer, has been tweeting threads explaining some of what s happening, and he just posted one that s pretty damning for the GOP.The GOP is calling Comey s testimony a win for Trump. The fact that they would be so obviously false is just amazing, and not in an  I didn t expect this,  way. Abramson calls them out on that by rehashing Comey s testimony in a series of 21 tweets. Two particular tweets allude to the GOP s, and Trump s, insistence that Comey proved Trump was not under investigation today:(3) The President of the United States IS under criminal investigation for felony Obstruction of Justice by Special Counsel Bill Mueller.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) June 8, 2017(4) Comey told Trump he WASN T under *counter-intelligence* investigation but KNEW that that assessment could well change and STILL might.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) June 8, 2017Comey testified that he wouldn t tell the world that he told Trump he was not personally under investigation because he didn t want to create  a duty to correct  the record later. If he publicly stated that Trump wasn t under investigation, and that changed, he d have to correct the record. He went down that road with Hillary Clinton s email investigation. He knew where it led. He didn t want to further damage the FBI s credibility by going down that road again.None of that changes the fact that Special Prosecutor Mueller is investigating Trump for obstruction of justice   a probe that includes Comey s contemporaneous memos.Then there s this, which the GOP hasn t yet addressed and seems to have completely forgotten:(5) President Trump never ONCE talked with Comey about ways to STOP Russian cyberattacks nor expressed ANY concern on that score to the FBI.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) June 8, 2017(18) Of the THOUSANDS of open FBI investigations, the ONLY one Trump ever asked his FBI Director about was an investigation of HIS campaign.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) June 8, 2017As far as Comey s testimony goes, Trump was only concerned about himself. As Comey put it,  [W]e re talking about a foreign government using technical intrusion and lots of other methods tried to shape the way we think, we vote, we act  And people need to recognize that  They re coming after America. Someone needs to ask why Trump doesn t find that concerning.Abramson brings up a major, solid point about Comey s behavior during his testimony. While he answered some questions with  I don t know,  and,  I m not sure,  he also had a very strong recollection of the meeting in the Oval Office that prompted him to ask Jeff Sessions to not leave him alone with Trump again:(12) Comey s recollection of these events is SO IRONCLAD he knew who sat where, which doors he used SO MUCH DETAIL he CANNOT be impeached.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) June 8, 2017Abramson s final take on Comey s testimony today is that we got far more damaging information today than we did yesterday, despite more fireworks being launched during yesterday s hearing. You can read the entire thread here.Featured image via Doug Mills -Pool/Getty Images",0
1219," Republicans Dine With Trump, Then Try To Railroad Comey Into Clearing Him (VIDEO)","Republicans are once again putting their party before their country. Just before the highly anticipated testimony from fired FBI Director James Comey, GOP Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Tom Cotton (R-AL) went scurrying down to the White House like good little Republican sycophants to have dinner with Donald Trump.Nevermind the optics of this, nevermind the fact that it is at best highly inappropriate to put themselves into a situation where Trump might try to lean on them to go in a certain direction with their questioning of Comey   none of that mattered to these two sniveling weasels. All they cared about was currying favor with their so-called  president,  and trying to cast him in as decent a light as possible.These slimy tactics showed in their lines of questioning of Comey on Thursday as well. Instead of focusing on Comey s conversations with Trump, and on Trump s inappropriate, unethical, and possibly illegal behavior, Rubio decided to focus instead on leaks, saying to Comey: You know, this investigation is full of leaks, left and right. Do you ever wonder why of all the things in this investigation the only thing that s never been leaked is the fact that the president was not personally under investigation, despite the fact that both Democrats and Republicans in the leadership of Congress knew that and have known that for weeks? Comey, unfazed by Rubio s clear attempt to force him to make Trump look good, simply said,  I don t know. Here is video of that exchange:Cotton s tactics were even slimier. He went after Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) regarding statements she had made regarding the Russia matter during television appearances months ago. He reminded Comey and America that at the time, Senator Feinstein had said on national television that she saw no evidence of Team Trump having worked with the Russians. Cotton then asked Comey how he felt about those statements. Again, Comey didn t take the bait, and said: I don t doubt that Sen. Feinstein was saying what she understood. Here is video of that exchange:Considering what we know about Trump s penchant for pressuring people, it is entirely possible that at that dinner, Rubio and Cotton made some kind of loyalty pledge. It was clear from the questioning that these two Senators had one goal and one goal only: to clear Trump of any wrongdoing   be it legally or for political benefit in the minds of the American public.So, there you have it, folks. The GOP cares more about their party than they do their country. They don t care if there are Russian stooges in the White House   just since those stooges are members of their party.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1220, Comey Might Have Just Made Sure We Don’t End Up With President Pence When Trump Is Impeached,"Many of us have been ready to impeach Donald Trump since election night. However, the downside to this scenario was the prospect of Vice President Mike Pence taking his place. Well, thanks to the testimony of former FBI Director James Comey, we may not have to worry about ending up with President Pence when we finally manage to get rid of Trump.On Thursday, Comey testified about how Trump had pressured him to drop his investigation into Mike Flynn s shady Russian ties and tried to back him into a loyalty pledge. Buried in his testimony, which contained one bombshell after another, was this little tidbit: Pence, who was the head of Trump s transition team, knew damn well that Flynn was compromised by not one but two foreign governments   and he allowed him to be named National Security Adviser anyway. In a moment that went largely unnoticed, Sen. Ron Wyden (D-OR) asked Comey if Pence was aware of Flynn s connections to Russia. The former head of the FBI said that yes, Pence knew. He apparently just didn t care. My understanding is that he was,  Comey replied, adding that he got this information from then acting Attorney General Sally Yates, who also ended up fired after angering Trump.This statement may become very important in coming months as we move closer and closer towards impeaching Trump. If Pence was in on all of this then he is just as dirty as Trump and the rest of his crooked cronies. If there was anybody who still thought that maybe Pence is just too oblivious to what s going on around him to notice all the shady sh*t, Comey just cleared that up with his testimony. Pence knew. He knew and still allowed Flynn to have access to our country s most sensitive information. And now, the American people know too.Watch Comey shoot down Pence s hopes of ever becoming president here: Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
1221, Hawaii Is The First State To Defy Trump’s Paris Agreement Withdrawl,"Despite the pleading from large companies and citizens, Trump pulled out of the Paris agreement last week.But, not all hope is lost. There is a light in the muck of it all that goes by the name of Hawaii.On Tuesday, June 6, Gov. David Ige signed SB 599 and HB 1578 that  support the commitments and goals  of the Paris agreement.SB 599  expands strategies and mechanisms to reduce greenhouse gas emissions statewide in alignment with the principles and goals adopted in the Paris agreement , according to Hawaii s press release.HB 1578  establishes the Carbon Farming Task Force within the Office of Planning to identify agricultural and aquacultural practices to improve soil health and promote carbon sequestration   the capture and long-term storage of atmospheric carbon dioxide to mitigate climate change.  (Source)According to American Herald Tribune, Ige stated that the islands are seeing the impacts of climate change first-hand. Ige says tides are getting higher, biodiversity is shrinking, coral is bleaching and coastlines are eroding.What a shocking reality for Hawaii. Do you see that, Trump? The world is suffering and something must be done about it.Oh wait, you don t care. Somehow the Paris agreement will cut jobs. Sounds more like you care more about investments in harmful practices to the planet than anything else. I don t understand why people are afraid to move forward with protecting the Earth.Thankfully, Hawaii is the first state out of the U.S. Climate Alliance to sign laws aligning with the Paris agreement. Other members of this group committed to upholding the Paris agreement despite Trump s withdrawal from it are:Now we just need to get the other states on board. It would be amazing if, in spite of Trump, all 50 states joined the U.S. Climate Alliance. Because come on people, we need to take care of our planet and be held accountable!Featured image via Darryl Oumi/Getty Images",0
1222, Trump’s Lawyer’s Response Was Riddled With Errors; He Even Misspelled ‘President’,"Donald Trump hired himself a personal lawyer to represent him in the Russia investigation. Marc Kasowitz, though, isn t a criminal attorney or a constitutional attorney. He s a corporate and real estate attorney, and if his response to former FBI head James Comey s testimony on Thursday is any indication, he s not good with details. The response is riddled with errors   he (or his staff) even misspelled the word  President. While the statement is a pretty standard attempt to paint a rosy picture on Comey s testimony (it was released before the testimony), but it s difficult to take seriously.The letter begins,  I am Marc Kasowitz, Predisent Trump s personal lawyer.  Clearly Kasowitz isn t familiar with spellcheck, because mine really fought that misspelling.The letter also misspells the name of National Intelligence Director Dan Coats. It was spelled  Coates.  Some sentences had extra periods.Here s the full letter:Twitter had a field day with the errors:TRUMP S LAWYER: If I say the *preDISent* did nothing wrong I m technically not lying. pic.twitter.com/vP7ZFzZvS2  Jesse McLaren (@McJesse) June 8, 2017Aha, the loophole. He doesn t represent President Trump, he represents Predisent Trump. https://t.co/MAdEbOEZlJ  Josh Barro (@jbarro) June 8, 2017How can people believe #JamesComey over Predisent Trump? Need I remind you that the Bowling Green Massacre happened under Comey s watch  Marie Connor (@thistallawkgirl) June 8, 2017 predisent Trump    I admire the commitment of all Trump people to typos. https://t.co/S53AVLnWtu  Jeet Heer (@HeerJeet) June 8, 2017 Predisent is the latin conjugate for President david trust me i am both a doctor and a lawyer  pic.twitter.com/kiOeJAIcro  darth:  (@darth) June 8, 2017Or maybe he did use spellcheck.Even spell check thinks Donald Trump isn t fit to serve as President. #Predisent pic.twitter.com/tbRLHbVn14  Marie Connor (@thistallawkgirl) June 8, 2017Even 538 s Nate Silver mocked him:This is the moment Donald Trump became predisent.  Nate Silver (@NateSilver538) June 8, 2017In the big picture, do a few typos matter? Not really, but this is emblematic of an administration that s careless and sloppy. This is anything but presidential, but maybe it s Predisential.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
1223, Ted Cruz Gets Cut Off Mid-Speech At Conservative Conference And Even CSPAN Is Mocking Him (VIDEO),"This last week has been an seemingly unending stream of terrifying, disturbing news about Trump and his administration. Adding to the mental instability and emotional immaturity of Trump, Republicans have renewed their push to strip 24 million Americans of healthcare. So it is with great relief that we can take a breather from all the terror to enjoy a moment of national unity  in laughing at Ted Cruz.The Texas senator and one-time Republican presidential candidate was attending the conservative  Faith and Freedom Coalition Conference.  He was not the headliner, that distinction went to the man who once called his wife ugly and suggested he had dirt on her that he would leak to the press. The headliner was also the guy who once accused Ted s dad of helping assassinate John F. Kennedy. The headliner was the guy Ted Cruz called a  pathological liar  and a  sniveling coward    and the same guy who Cruz eventually endorsed for president.Cruz had to play second fiddle to Trump.But Cruz s humiliation at the Faith and Freedom event was only getting started. During what was meant to be a fiery speech, Cruz was starting to hit his stride when suddenly  the announcer broke in, applause broke out, and a new speaker walked on to the stage. Cruz, looking confused and slightly hurt, was literally played off stage to music.CSPAN, the government-provided channel not known for its humor, even caught the moment and blasted it out to Twitter, signalboosting Cruz s embarrassment.Sen. @TedCruz is cut off in the middle of his remarks at the @FaithandFreedom Coalition Conference. Full video here: https://t.co/567TOaf01u pic.twitter.com/J0BK9J9nhe  CSPAN (@cspan) June 8, 2017The result was nothing short of incredible, giving humanity the precious gift of this incredible moment:As Cruz wandered slowly off stage, the next speaker just moved on without even addressing the awkwardness. Cruz, robbed of yet another moment to shine, had to watch in the wings for the next hour or so until the headliner came out onto stage.Featured image via C-SPAN",0
1224," Paul Ryan Responds To Trump’s ‘Loyalty’ Request To Comey, This Is Beyond Pathetic (DETAILS)","Donald Trump has brought more corruption into the White House than anyone during his short time as President of the United States, and the sad thing about it is that the Republican Party is more than happy to defend him or look the other way whenever he f*cks up.Earlier today, as the testimony of former FBI Director James Comey threatened to derail Trump, Speaker of the House Paul Ryan defended one of Trump s most inappropriate incidents. According to Ryan, Trump s disastrous request for Comey to be  loyal  to him should be totally excusable because Trump is  just new to this. Proving that Ryan is just as spineless as we all thought he was, this comment greatly differed from what he said yesterday about Trump s request, when the House Speaker called the request for loyalty inappropriate. Ryan had said: Yeah, no. I mean, obviously, I don t think that is. But today, Ryan was more than happy to make excuses for Trump, who hasn t learned a damn thing since he s been in office. Ryan is fine with passing off all of Trump s incompetencies as a simple  the president s new at this , which was his response to the private conversations between Trump and Comey. Ryan said: He s new to government, and so he probably wasn t steeped in the long-running protocols that establish the relationships between DOJ, FBI and White Houses. He s just new to this. That defense is honestly revolting, and the entire GOP should be ashamed of itself. They helped elect an idiot who has no idea how the government works, and hasn t even bothered to learn since becoming president. New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, another Republican and Trump defender, also blamed Trump s actions on innocent naivety. He said:Trump  is now very publicly learning about the way people react to what he considers to be normal New York City conversation. The Republican Party finds a new way to damage its reputation every single day.Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",0
1225," James Comey Just Called Trump A Liar, And The White House’s Response Is Nuts (TWEETS)","As former FBI Director James Comey gave his testimony today, several gems were revealed in the process. One of the most notable moments was when Comey trashed Trump s credibility, as he stated that the reason he had documented his meetings with Trump and not former presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama was because he felt Trump in particular was untrustworthy.Comey called Trump a liar when he was testifying before the Senate, while he was describing the reasons why Trump had fired him several weeks ago. As soon as Comey said this, the White House collectively lost his mind and went right into doing damage control. In response, White House Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders held an off-camera briefing in which she, too, lied her ass off. Sanders stated: I can definitively say the President is not a liar. You can only imagine how America has responded to this. In fact, the entire country is pretty much either laughing or face palming right now.    Trump has proven the be the most dishonest president the country has ever had. According to PolitiFact, only 17 percent of Trump s statements are true. Trump scored far lower than any of the other 2016 presidential candidates when they were rated on honesty, which should have been a major red flag to Trump s supporters, if they had only been a little smarter.It is truly a sad day when Americans cannot trust their president or the administration behind them. The White House s defense of Trump is unforgivable, and proves that America has lost all credibility and respect with the world. Trump and his minions are a joke, and they are embarrassing what was once the most respected country. To say that Trump isn t a liar is just about the worst thing you can do   because EVERYONE knows the truth.Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",0
1226, WATCH: John McCain Becomes A Confused Babbling Mess While Questioning ‘President’ Comey (VIDEO),"On Thursday, thanks to strange Senate rules, John McCain found himself with the opportunity to question fired FBI director James Comey   and he sure didn t waste the opportunity. OK, we lied: yes he did.Like his GOP colleagues, McCain tried his hardest to swing the Russia hearings back to being about Hillary Clinton. In fact, McCain demanded that President  (yes, he called him President) Comey explain why he has decided that Hillary Clinton is innocent of colluding with Russia to sabotage her own campaign but the FBI insists on investigating Trump   a  double standard  as McCain sees it.McCain, who is apparently unable to wrap his head around the fact that an investigation into Hillary Clinton about something entirely separate had concluded while the investigation into Trump s collusion with the Kremlin is ongoing, appeared to become confused during his questioning   then things got crazy (crazier?). I think it s hard to reconcile one case you reached a complete conclusion and the other side you have not. In fact, obviously, there s a lot more there as we know,  he said.  She s one of the candidates but in her case you say there will be no charges but in the case of President Trump the investigation continues. Both President Trump and former candidate Clinton are involved in the investigation yet one of them you said there s gonna be no charges and the other the investigation continues,  McCain added.  I think there s a double standard. Obviously, there s no double standard here   but McCain s words: You reached the conclusion that there was no reason to bring charges against Secretary Clinton so you reached the conclusion. In the case of Mr. Comey, President Comey, the case of President Trump you ve got one candidate you re done with and another where you have a long way to go. Watch the crazy below:Featured image via screengrab ",0
1227, Trump Jr. Throws Temper Tantrum While Comey Testifies That His Dad Obstructed Justice,"Donald Trump has been asked by Republicans to not tweet during former FBI Director James Comey s testimony to Congress, so that task has apparently been given to his demon spawn instead.In his opening statement released on Wednesday, Comey shed light on a dinner he had with Trump in which Trump demanded Comey s loyalty. I need loyalty, I expect loyalty,  Trump said in January according to Comey.Comey then gave details of a meeting he had with Trump in February after the firing of Mike Flynn for having discussions with Russian officials.The President then returned to the topic of Mike Flynn, saying,  He is a good guy and has been through a lot.  He repeated that Flynn hadn t done anything wrong on his calls with the Russians, but had misled the Vice President. He then said,  I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go. He is a good guy. I hope you can let this go. It certainly sounds like Trump is guilty of trying to obstruct justice and that he fired Comey in order to sabotage the Russia investigation.As Comey testified in the Senate on Thursday, Donald Trump Jr. went on a tirade over it.1/3 Flynn stuff is BS in context 2 guys talking about a guy they both know well. I hear  I hope nothing happens but you have to do your job  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) June 8, 20172/3 very far from any kind of coercion or influence and certainly not obstruction!  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) June 8, 20173/3 Knowing my father for 39 years when he  orders or tells  you to do something there is no ambiguity, you will know exactly what he means  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) June 8, 2017Hoping and telling are two very different things, you would think that a guy like Comey would know that. #givemeabreak  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) June 8, 2017Twitter users were quick to eat him alive.So that s how it works. Donald Trump s son hears different words to the ones actually coming out of his mouth. https://t.co/uLIiUNnCeG  Ciaran Jenkins (@C4Ciaran) June 8, 2017Your dad has conditioned you to hear what you want to hear.  Crenshaw (@okie210) June 8, 2017Uday chimes in  David J. Maloney (@David_J_Maloney) June 8, 2017Your dad was just called a liar by the head of the FBI, multiple times.  AugieBunker (@AugieBunker) June 8, 2017This would hold up if you ignore the fact that your father then fired Comey for doing his job. Maybe time to let the adults talk, Donnie  Paul L. (@Lummis83) June 8, 2017So why did your pops fire Comey if all Trump was doing was  hoping  Comey would drop the Flynn investigation?  Adam (@ChiProg) June 8, 2017Grow up boy, he is not a CEO but the President, different standards.  Lee P. (@leeshutterbug) June 8, 2017Are you kidding me! You need to educate yourself. It IS obstruction!  AvaHarlow (@AvaHarlow) June 8, 2017.@realDonaldTrump   so you think the POTUS should be  suggesting  that someone obstruct justice. #beginningoftheend #fakepresident  gaeagirltalks (@gaeagirltalks) June 8, 2017Yes, when he says,  Eric, use your charity to take money from cancer patients and put it in MY pocket,  he means it!  Chris Floyd (@empireburlesque) June 8, 2017Donald Trump obstructed justice. He should be impeached and prosecuted along with every single of of his minions, including his complicit little brats. Trump demanded that Comey be loyal and then fired him because he refused to drop the investigation against Flynn. He should be in prison, not the White House.Featured image via screenshot",0
1228, Starbucks Customer In Chicago Goes On INSANE Racist Rant; You’ve Never Heard Anything Like This (VIDEO),"A young white man in Chicago became an internet sensation and a probable future ex-con after on Tuesday, he made a bunch of violent and humiliating slave references to Starbucks customers who happened to be African-American. The exchange quickly escalated to violence and now, the racist man has been charged with a misdemeanor after one of his victims ended up in a hospital.21-year-old William Boucher was offended after someone spilled coffee on his light suit. The exchange spilled out into the West Loop street where a TV cameraman and several bystanders were able to capture it on their cell phones. In the beginning of the video, you can hear 23-year-old William Boucher yelling  Shut up slave! Do not talk to me! Your children are disposable vermin!  Boucher yells at one man, who is also videotaping him, and spits on the 30-year-old man and a 34-year-old woman.The man shoves Boucher, who continues ranting at black bystanders. Get on all fours right now!  he yells.  Get on all fours! Do not walk off on two legs! You don t deserve to walk on two legs, vermin. Source: Raw StoryThings got violent whenHe punched on man and spit on two other people. Just as things appeared to be over, Boucher, for no apparent reason, punched a homeless man, sending him to the ground. That s when bystanders tackled Boucher.Here s the video: Calling people racist slurs. When I was coming to work, I was not expecting to see that,  said Juan Torres, who works at the Starbucks where the incident happened. I was shocked because I thought it was going to end right there. Security was going to come. The cops were going to show up,  Torres said.The 57-year-old punching victim was admitted to the hospital to be treated for an eye injury. Boucher has been charged with a misdemeanor.Boucher s Facebook page lists him as a  drop out,  an  entrepreneur,  a  socialist  and a  world evangelist. Featured image via Billy Boucher Facebook page",0
1229, Read Former FBI Director James Comey’s Full Prepared Testimony Ahead Of Today’s Hearing,"Former FBI Director James Comey will testify before Congress at 10 a.m. EST on Thursday, June 8, but you can read his full prepared testimony in advance, right here.Comey will go into great detail about the awkward moments he shared with Donald Trump, as outlined in the document that was posted on the website of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, headed by North Carolina Republican Sen. Richard Burr, on Wednesday. Key moments Comey will bring up include the time that Trump asked him to pledge his loyalty and to drop the investigation into National Security Advisor Michael Flynn. The President said,  I need loyalty, I expect loyalty,'  Comey has written in his prepared testimony.  I didn t move, speak, or change my facial expression in any way during the awkward silence that followed. Comey had nine one-to-one conversations with Trump, three personal and six by phone, within a span of four months and he kept detailed notes on each of them, a practice he never felt necessary while working under Barack Obama. All of the personal interactions and two of the phone conversations are included in the prepared testimony. Obviously, Republicans are going into panic mode due to some of the explosive claims in the document, with Senator John Cornyn, a Republican from Texas, telling a reporter from the One America News Network he wants to see the memos that Comey kept.Senator Cornyn tells me re: Comey, ""If he wrote memos I think we are entitled to see those memos.""  Trey Yingst (@TreyYingst) June 7, 2017Also included are three instances where Comey told the Trump that he himself wasn t under investigation. Trump s outside counsel, Marc Kasowitz, claims that the president is pleased to hear Comey finally acknowledge what he had been claiming all along. The president is pleased that Mr. Comey has finally publicly confirmed his private reports that the President was not under investigation in any Russia probe,  the attorney wrote in a statement.  The president feels completely and totally vindicated. Despite this acknowledgment and Trump simply wishing James Comey luck, his administration has been preparing a statement of their own behind the scenes, hoping to rebut and discredit the former FBI Director.In the meantime, you can read James Comey s full prepared statement right here in preparation for Thursday morning s events.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1230, Watergate Prosecutor Has TERRIBLE News For Trump Regarding Comey’s Testimony,"Former FBI Director James Comey is testifying before the Senate Intelligence Committee today, but he asked the committee to release a copy of his opening statement yesterday, which lit the Internet on fire. The big question everyone s asking is, did Trump try to obstruct justice with his improper demands of Comey? Comey will not level that accusation himself   he ll very likely leave it up to the Senate to decide whether his testimony is sufficient for such a charge.But Philip Allen Lacovara, who served as counsel to Watergate s special prosecutors, Archibald Cox and Leon Jaworski, says that Comey s prepared statement alone is enough for an obstruction of justice case.If there s anybody who recognizes the scenario that s unfolding, it s the people who were heavily involved with, or in covering, Watergate. In a story published in the Washington Post, Lacovara writes:Comey proved what Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats and National Security Agency Director Michael S. Rogers carefully avoided admitting in their testimony on Wednesday  that the president had specifically attempted to shut off at least a major piece of what Trump calls the  Russia thing,  the investigation into the misleading statements by fired national security adviser Michael Flynn concerning his role in dealings with the Russians.Then he says:This kind of presidential intervention in a pending criminal investigation has not been seen, to my knowedge, since the days of Richard Nixon and Watergate.The details that Comey provides are  red meat for a prosecutor,  according to Lacovara. They also demonstrate that there was an element of threat involved in Trump s behavior. Trump contacted Comey about the investigation multiple times, each time either suggesting Comey wasn t sufficiently loyal and issuing veiled threats to his job or expressing displeasure that he hadn t dropped the investigation yet. More than once, Trump whined about the  cloud  that the Russia scandal, and how it was interfering with his ability to get anything done. Shortly after the last time this happened, Comey was fired.That s not quite the bombshell, though. Toward the end of Lacovara s piece in WaPo is where the bomb is:Comey s statement lays out a case against the president that consists of a tidy pattern, beginning with the demand for loyalty, the threat to terminate Comey s job, the repeated requests to turn off the investigation into Flynn and the final infliction of career punishment for failing to succumb to the president s requests, all followed by the president s own concession about his motive. Any experienced prosecutor would see these facts as establishing a prima facie case of obstruction of justice. [emphasis mine]At this point, if the Senate does its job, it will determine that Trump s repeated demands of Comey constitute obstruction of justice. The worry here is that Republicans are so partisan that they ll try and find wiggle room, a loophole, a pseudo-plausible way to deny it, or anything else that will allow them to dismiss Comey s testimony out of hand.Featured image via Susan Walsh-Pool/Getty Images and Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1231," Obama And Justin Trudeau Had Dinner Tuesday; For A Moment, The World Felt Sane Again","As the nation is embroiled in one scandal after another with Donald Trump, as the world now has first-hand knowledge of the buffoon who was chosen by the Electoral College, there was a tiny sliver of a break. On Tuesday night, Barack Obama and Justin Trudeau had a candlelit dinner in Montreal and all was right with the world, even if it was very short-lived.The couple   of world leaders, that is   discussed how to get the next generation involved in their communities, between heartfelt confessions of how much they missed each other (probably).The most talked-about international date night of the modern diplomatic era had every romantic element the Trudeau-Obama fandom could ever dream of: an intimate restaurant booth, an abundance of gazes into each other s eyes, presumably some Secret Service right outside the door.Source: CNNSocial media went completely nuts:Obama and Trudeau on a dinner date tonight in Montreal. pic.twitter.com/qVm3LcM08C  Yashar Ali (@yashar) June 7, 2017Obama:  What do you recommend? Trudeau:  I hear the covfefe is pretty good  pic.twitter.com/aGUgmZdBns  Philip Lewis (@Phil_Lewis_) June 7, 2017Trudeau is with Obama tonight while Harper is with Bush. Cue the rom-com sad montage of Trump home alone with his iphone pic.twitter.com/NUUuPBt6KY  Melissa Royle (@melissaroyle) June 7, 2017Add Macron to the table and we d have the most perfect picture of this year!  Rhea Mukerjee (@Rhea_mjee) June 7, 2017Two admirable men with strength, ,intelligence, and integrity, meanwhile, we get stuck with a crazy old Russian mobster  .????  Gods Beloved (@shonnarobinson) June 7, 2017 You re perfect .  No, you re perfect .  No you are so perfect, way more perfect than me .  You silly goose, you re the most perfect .  Kenneth Jimenez (@MrKennyJimenez) June 7, 2017pic.twitter.com/dwsBSX53ed  Neoliberal Chill (@NYNURSE10550) June 7, 2017Omg! Love them!! The best Bromance ever!! I want them back! ? it hit me just in the feels! ?  Juli (@julilopezco) June 7, 2017The night ended in a hug, because these are two men who are not afraid to show their platonic love:Barack Obama and Justin Trudeau shared a brief hug after meeting up for dinner in Montreal https://t.co/Kmp4b8v7B0 pic.twitter.com/jaoQa1f1kp  CNN (@CNN) June 7, 2017  RT @Thunda_munk: Find someone who gets lost in a hug with you the way that #Trudeau does when he hugs #Obama https://t.co/3qChJyvxdM  Luke Beadle (@LukeHBeadle) June 8, 2017Featured image via Obama Foundation",0
1232, Maxine Waters Just Threw An EPIC Twitter Bomb At Trump,"Rep. Maxine Waters is taking a page right out of Donald Trump s playbook and turning it into a piece of political art. Since Trump took office, Waters has been among Trump s biggest critics. Most, though, have tempered their rhetoric about the Putin Puppet in Chief, but not Waters. Like Trump, she refuses to be politically correct. Only unlike Trump, she s really good at it.On Wednesday, Waters took to Twitter after it was revealed that former FBI Director James Comey didn t want to be alone with Donald Trump. Waters understood. She tweeted:So Comey told Jeff Sessions he didn t want to be alone with Trump. Women across the country can relate.So Comey told Jeff Sessions he didn t want to be alone with Trump. Women across the country can relate.  Maxine Waters (@MaxineWaters) June 7, 2017Twitter went nuts:. pic.twitter.com/kQq0pPDFqc  Ilhan Omar (@IlhanMN) June 7, 2017I only met the man once, but let me tell you, I couldn t wait to get away from him. pic.twitter.com/jlb9Yk6HIJ  Maxine P. Waters (@MaxineVVaters) June 7, 2017 I want all my daughters to grow up like Maxine Waters.  Zach de la Rocha  AgentHades (@AgentHades) June 7, 2017Come feels exactly like Trump ex wives feel. Violated and stalked pic.twitter.com/kXzWdIIsFU  The Sports Whisperer (@monte1223) June 7, 2017The real Maxine handling the Twitter . Maxine Waters is throwing SHADE! pic.twitter.com/FQDtWJMi56  George M Johnson (@IamGMJohnson) June 7, 2017My dog would just pee on him, but apparently, he likes that.  jefferson davis (@MtnTrout) June 7, 2017Lol!! pic.twitter.com/NHm36y9ATn  LaShunda J (@MJDrew88) June 8, 2017pic.twitter.com/rUMCRL9HDE  RespectMyGame (@battletested5) June 7, 2017pic.twitter.com/Ua4zqEr3sf  IseeDumbPpl (@FreeBlackMan215) June 7, 2017I don t even want to b alone with his tweets.  mary kay andrews (@mkayandrews) June 7, 2017Auntie Maxine bringing the afternoon tea! pic.twitter.com/ZDYLfvrEfJ  Portia McGonagal (@PortiaMcGonagal) June 7, 2017It doesn t even seem as though Trump s own wife wants to be alone with him.As for Waters, well, if this country was a tad less racist and misogynist, she d be our next president and she d do a damned fine job.Featured image via Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty Images",0
1233," Trump’s DOJ Said Executive Branch Can Withhold Info From Dems, Senators From BOTH Parties LIVID","At the very beginning of May, Trump s Department of Justice issued an opinion that opened the door for all government agencies to withhold information from Congressional Democrats, even if those Democrats are the ranking members of their respective committees. The opinion was written in such a way that Trump and the DOJ can say,  This will apply to regardless of parties,  but that will just be an excuse.It says, in part: Individual members of Congress, including ranking minority members, do not have the authority to conduct oversight in the absence of a specific delegation by a full house, committee, or subcommittee. They don t? According to acting Assistant Attorney General Curtis Gannon, they don t. His opinion on the matter went on to say: They may request information from the Executive Branch, which may respond at its discretion, but such requests do not trigger any obligation to accommodate congressional needs and are not legally enforceable through a subpoena or contempt proceedings. Wow. They can t even subpoena certain information unless their committee chair does? This is unprecedented. And it s disgusting.The problem is that the committees are all chaired by Republicans right now. So agencies are required to give info to Republicans, but not to Democrats. The ranking Democrats on Congressional committees will have to get their chairpersons to request information.Because of that, both Republicans and Democrats believe this will prevent Congress from carrying out its duties under the Constitution.Rob Portman (R-Ohio) said that, when he headed the Office of Management and Budget under W., he felt it was his responsibility to provide information to whichever member of Congress asked him for it. However, some of Trump s nominees are refusing to do so even though they re being pressed on that in their confirmation hearings. Claire McCaskill (D-Missouri) got angry at Trump s nominee for the OMB, who refused to answer that question.Elijah Cummings (D-Maryland) said,  This is not what democracy looks like. Trump can t stand opposition. That s part of what makes him so dangerous to this country. He can t stand opposition and he can t stand criticism. He can t stand people doing their jobs correctly when those jobs involve doing things he doesn t like. If Democrats are able to get information just by asking for it, then Trump has less control over what happens to it.Congress is already under sustained fire for how little they work and how much time they spend outside of Washington. And Trump s DOJ just made that even worse. One has to wonder if this is his first step in gaining absolute control over the legislative branch.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1234, John McCain BLASTS Intel Chiefs For Their ‘Orwellian’ Silence During Hearing (VIDEO),"Senators from both parties were frustrated with the intel chiefs who refused to answer their most important questions during Wednesday s Senate Intelligence Committee hearing. Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz), like many of his colleagues, was clearly fed up with their silence.McCain asked Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats about a recent article published in the Washington Post that said he told his associates that Donald Trump had asked him to intervene in the Russia probe on his behalf. Coats insisted that he couldn t talk about what had already been published by the Post, and everywhere else at this point, in a public hearing. Obviously irritated, McCain couldn t help but notice the  Orwellian  nature of the world we are living in today. You know, it just shows what kind of an Orwellian existence that we live in,  McCain exclaimed.  I mean, it s detailed as you know from reading the story as to when you met, what you discussed, et cetera, et cetera. And yet, here in a public hearing before the American people, we can t talk about what was described in detail in this morning s Washington Post. Coats again argued that he couldn t talk about private conversations publicly, but this didn t take away McCain s aggravation at the current state of affairs. I m certainly not blaming you but it certainly is an interesting town in which we exist,  McCain said.He then added that whether the information published by the Post was classified or not, it really makes no difference now as it has already been made public. So, it s kind of a moot point.You can watch John McCain marvel at the  Orwellian existence that we live in,  here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
1235," Mike Pence Abruptly Bails On PBS Interview, Crumbles Under Russia Pressure (TWEETS)","If Donald Trump and his team are trying to pretend that everything is fine and nothing s wrong, they re not doing a very good job.Earlier today, Trump kicked off the morning by indulging in his habitual Twitter habit whenever he s nervous about something. Providing a distraction from former FBI Director James Comey s testimony, Trump decided to announce his pick for a new FBI Director   signaling that Trump is nervous as hell and desperate to take the heat off the Russia scandal. It turns out, his Vice President is also freaking out.Apparently, Mike Pence reacted to the release of Comey s opening statement by abruptly cancelling a scheduled interview   literally right before it was supposed to happen! Now, Pence is cowering and has gone into hiding. Here s what went down, according to PBS:Pence bailed with no warning whatsoever!Comey s released opening statement has clearly taken the White House by surprise, and everyone s in panic mode now. The White House has been on media lockdown since the release of the statement, and Pence s response surely raised suspicions.Pence, without a doubt, cancelled that interview so he wouldn t have to answer questions about Comey   because he could not only further incriminate Trump, but himself as well. Despite the fact that most of the focus has been on Trump, Pence is also in big trouble because of the Russia scandal. Trump s entire administration is in danger if he goes down.What happens tomorrow during Comey s testimony will likely change the entire direction of the Russia scandal, and it already looks as if it is going to mean bad news for Trump. All of the warning signs and red flags are present, and everyone close to Trump is now running for the hills. For Pence to cancel this interview certainly means something fishy is happening, and most of us can t wait to find out.Featured image via Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
1236, Trump Stops Infrastructure Speech To Go Off The Rails About Democrats (VIDEO),"Donald Trump once again decided to waste precious speech time to bore Americans with how hard his life is   and what he said is absolutely ridiculous.On Wednesday, Trump gave a speech on infrastructure in Cincinnati, Ohio. Like many of his previous speeches, Trump proved that he is unable to stay focused for more than a few minutes, and he displayed his short attention span by getting completely off topic and complaining about how Democrats have supposedly obstructed him.Trump began by ignoring the fact that he s about to get rocked by his Russia scandal, as he pretended that a new era of American prosperity is about to begin, and you see it, it s already beginning.  Then, as with any Trump speech, several minutes were spent bashing former President Barack Obama. Trump said: To achieve our full economic strength, we must repeal and replace Obamacare. Now it is time for the Senate, Mitch McConnell working very hard to act and save Americans from this catastrophic event, because Obamacare is dead. Obamacare was one of the biggest broken promises in the history of politics. Clearly, Trump is choosing not to recognize the fact that Trumpcare, more formally known as the American Health Care Act, failed miserably while Americans still overwhelmingly prefer Obamacare. In fact, it was Trump s own disastrous health care plan that helped more Americans than ever voice their appreciation for Obamacare!Trump then completely derailed to blast Democrats for not supporting him and being  obstructionists  as he turned his infrastructure speech into a pity party of one: That s why I am calling on all the Democrats, who honestly have really been obstructionists. Boy, have they tried. Every single thing. On healthcare, I won t get one vote on health care, Obamacare is crashing, it s dead, it is in a death spiral as the head of one of the biggest insurance companies said, it is in a death spiral. We are coming out to do good, not to do bad, to do good. We won t get one Democrat vote. They are just obstructionists, every single thing is obstruction. Trump is literally acting like the Republican Party didn t obstruct Obama for the entire 8 years of his presidency. It s absolutely pathetic. You can watch Trump feel sorry for himself below:Featured image via Pool / Getty Images",0
1237, GOP Candidate Completely Screws Up And Admits What Republicans Are Really About (VIDEO),"It s hardly a well-kept secret. Forty years of Republican policies have proven that they don t give a crap about the people who voted them in. Progressives know that, but there are still millions of people who are buying the GOP lie. Now, a GOP candidate for Congress is under fire for being honest. She told a debate crowd on Tuesday that the difference between Democrats and Republicans is that Republicans don t care whether people are able to make a living, even if they work full-time.In a televised debate just two weeks ahead of the high-profile special election that will fill the vacant House seat in Georgia s Sixth Congressional District, Republican Karen Handel delivered her opponent what one commentator called a  gift-wrapped present  Tuesday night by declaring her opposition to a livable wage. I do not support a livable wage,  she said, adding that this is  an example of the fundamental difference between a liberal and a conservative. No, that was not out of context. She doesn t think the people who serve our food or the people who sell you your necessities or the people who care for your children are worthy of having a living wage, and it s not just her. It s the entire Republican Party.Here she is saying it:.@karenhandel doesn t want workers to make enough money to livepic.twitter.com/9Gxiahq8Zb  jordan ? (@JordanUhl) June 7, 2017Did you catch her contradicting herself? She wants fewer regulations and lower taxes so small businesses can create well-paying jobs, but to her, apparently, well-paying doesn t need to be enough to live on. Also, there s the fact that wages and regulations do not correlate.If Twitter is any indication, she might have just put the final nail in her own electoral coffin. If there s anything Republicans hate, it s honesty.someone explain, with a serious face, how paying people less creates better paying jobs for people who don t make enough to live on.  John (@johnwjohnsoniii) June 7, 2017It is class war out in the open. And it isn t Dems waging it.  Steve Douglas (@Duramadera) June 7, 2017That SHOULD be enough to hand the election to Ossoff.  Northernsmasher (@jaharrison763) June 7, 2017Who needs a  livable wage ? Who needs clean air or water? So proud to be a conservative Karen Handel?  Adam Bernstein (@Iamthebassman) June 7, 2017Are u fuckng kidding me? U don t support a LIVABLE WAGE? Why should workers not be able to live to support business so they can thrive?  Linda Di (@lpassionflower) June 7, 2017OK? so creating more non-livable wage jobs is her goal for small business?  American Monkey (@SAmericanMonkey) June 7, 2017If they are living in the gutter outside the workplace they have no excuse for being late.  Glenn Holmes (@Koalaburger) June 7, 2017Then again, Republicans are heartless and the people who will be voting for her don t give a sh*t about anyone. Republicans don t believe hard-working Americans deserve a home, food, childcare or healthcare. Corporations, and the wealthy, though, need their tax cuts   and an extra subsidy on top of that. The truth is that if a business won t pay living wages, taxpayers end up making up the difference through public benefits like food stamps.This particular election has become a symbolic referendum on Donald Trump and in Republicans in general. That district is generally considered a Republican stronghold, but with ineffective and corrupt leadership in D.C., the Democratic candidate, Jon Ossoff has a decent chance of winning. While it s too early to get polls from last night s debate, Ossoff s odds are looking much better.Featured image via WSBTV video screen capture",0
1238, James Comey Will Testify Thursday: What Will He Say?,"Everyone is in anticipation for Thursday because of Former FBI Director, James Comey will be testifying. There is so much anticipation of what he might say or might not say that TV networks are showing countdown clocks to count down when his testimony starts tomorrow. Not only this, but people are on Twitter tweeting about where are the best places to watch and if they will be offering special morning cocktail drinks for those coming in to watch Comey s testimony. If you think this is not enough, it isn t because the Senate says the House seating is in full demand. More so than it has been for more than a decade!More people anticipating what Comey will say during his testimony since being fired from the FBI by Donald Trump is President Trump himself and his aides. They aren t anticipating in a good way, however. They are worried about what he will say and if what he says ends up inflicting not just legal wounds, but political wounds as well.Apparently, according to Comey s co-workers and friends, he was shocked to have been fired when he was. He was in shock that he found out about being fired from being the director of the FBI by the television screen. In fact, his associates say that he had no idea he was getting ready to lose his job and was in total shock when he found out. He especially didn t know since he was in the middle of helping with the investigation that was going on about Russia s possible interference in the presidential election. Comey was almost into a 10-year-term as the FBI director.Although Comey had no idea that he was about to lose his job as the FBI Director, he did have some uneasy feelings about the new president, according to his associates. He was primarily concerned about Trump since he did want to back off from the investigation going on for Michael Flynn, the former National Security Advisor.Although it may be true that Comey may testify about the assumed Russian hacking of the presidential election, he may avoid testifying about certain things including the ongoing Russian investigation. In fact, legal experts say Comey avoiding the current Russian investigation makes perfect sense, especially since Comey is a former prosecutor and understands full well not to take any steps to complicate the criminal probe.Featured Image by Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1239," Fox News Host CALLS OUT Trump: You’re The Problem, Not ‘Fake News’ (VIDEO)","Donald Trump probably did not enjoy watching Fox News this time around.Because when Neil Cavuto went on the air on Tuesday he addressed Trump s angry rant against the media and will likely be labeled  fake news  in retaliation for the way he did it.Earlier in the day, Trump attacked the media instead of honoring the 29,000 American soldiers who died on D-Day 73 years ago.The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 6, 2017Sorry folks, but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, washpost or nytimes, I would have had ZERO chance winning WH  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 6, 2017Of course, Fox News was not included on that list.But Cavuto decided to sort of speak out against Trump s rant anyway, and he not only informed Trump that he is the problem, he accused Trump of scapegoating. Mr. President, it s not the fake news media that s your problem,  Cavuto said.  It s you. It s not just your tweeting, it s your scapegoating. It s your refusal to see that sometimes you re the one who s feeding your own beast and acting beastly with your own guys. Cavuto pointed out that Trump focuses too much on settling  endless scores  and that the people around him want him to stop shooting himself in the foot all the time.By lashing out on social media and going on these ridiculous rants, Trump is only embarrassing himself. If Trump really wants the media to stop reporting on his tweets, he should stop tweeting stupid things like attacks on the media and insulting London s mayor in the wake of a terrorist attack. Look at the critiques you re now hearing from usually friendly and supportive allies as sort of like an intervention,  Cavuto concluded.  Because firing off these angry missives and tweets risks your political destruction. Here s the video via YouTube.Donald Trump just got called out by Fox News. Will he listen or will he put them on his enemies list, too?Featured Image: Screenshot",0
1240, Trump Gets CHEWED OUT After Insulting Obamacare Patients By Calling Them ‘Victims’,"People who owe their lives to the Affordable Care Act ripped Donald Trump a new one on Wednesday for referring to them as victims of the healthcare program.Only one day after sticking his foot in his mouth by bragging about himself and attacking one of our allies instead of honoring those who died on D-Day 73 years ago, Trump decided to do it again while announcing a visit to Ohio.Trump declared that he would be meeting with  Obamacare victims,  which immediately pissed off all the people who rely on the Affordable Care Act.Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati, in the GREAT STATE of OHIO, to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare & also Infrastructure!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 7, 2017Obamacare and the Affordable Care Act are the same program and even conservatives rely on it. The program has saved lives and given tens of millions of Americans access to health insurance that they previously could not afford.Trump has repeatedly tried to strip healthcare away from millions of Americans by pushing for repeal of the law and his administration has been chipping away at the Affordable Care Act to make it weaker so that Trump can sit on his ass and tweet about how the program is  failing. Those who have insurance thanks to Obamacare were quick to jump down Trump s throat and reminded him that s he s the one who is victimizing people.Obamacare victims? That s rich coming from someone who is pushing hard to yank 23M citizens off of healthcare.  Adam Best (@adamcbest) June 7, 2017You are sabotaging Obamacare and don t care about the collateral damage. You, Donald Trump, are creating those victims.  Adam Best (@adamcbest) June 7, 2017You are so wrong. Obamacare saved my mother s life. She had breast cancer, was discriminated against most of her life by insurance co s.  Adam Best (@adamcbest) June 7, 2017Ohio just lost Anthem thanks to Trumpcare. These are Trumpcare victims. Even our GOP Gov opposes Trumpcare. Obamacare helped 100,000s here  David Pepper (@DavidPepper) June 7, 2017How about you talk about how your charity and that of your son Eric cheated donors out of helping cancer patients?  Jeremy Greenfield (@jdgreenfield) June 7, 2017The insurance companies are explicitly blaming Trump for market troubles:https://t.co/3zQx6c5Pvd  Windhorse (@Windhorse_1) June 7, 2017Mr. President I have Crohn s Disease.  ObamaCare  for me is great insurance coverage on par with anything I ve had in group, not a  victim  Don Kramer (@DonKramerATL) June 7, 2017Too bad you don t care about the people that will lose their insurance under RyanCare. You just want the tax cut. Sad.  Dave Hogg ? (@Stareagle) June 7, 2017You are a liar and are going to kill more people than help. RESIGN.  Robin (@puppymnkey) June 7, 2017Victims? Like my mom who had cancer and only got covered because of Obamacare?  Alexandra Jamieson (@deliciousalex) June 7, 2017Actually, they are soon-to-be victims of wealthcare pushed by you and your heartless and vampiric oligarchs.  Geesubay (@geesubay) June 7, 2017Hey as*hole, I m an Obama care victim. U know what it did for me? Saved my life which is more than I can say about your proposed death panel  Karen Hunter (@Kalamity_K) June 7, 2017If Donald Trump gets his way, Obamacare will be repealed and millions of Americans, including many conservatives, will lose their healthcare. At that moment, millions of Americans really will be victims. But they won t be victims of Obamacare, they ll be victims of Trumpcare.Featured Image: Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1241, Fmr. DNI James Clapper: Trump’s Russia Scandal Is Worse Than Watergate (VIDEO),"James Clapper was the Director of National Intelligence during the Obama Administration. He has been interviewed many times over the Trump Administration s troubles with Russia and his latest statement is sure to make the Trump White House furious   that s to say nothing of how Donald Trump himself will react when he gets wind of these comments.During remarks he was making at Australia s National Press Club, Clapper said of Trump s scandal-ridden White House: I lived through Watergate. It was a scary time, I have to say though that I think, you know, compare the two, that Watergate pales in my view compared to what we re confronting now. Apparently, Clapper continued to go all in on Trump, as Australian reporter Paul Karp tweeted out the contents of what Clapper was saying:Clapper is absolutely shirtfronting Trump at #NPC #auspol pic.twitter.com/avN2VxKlOR  Paul Karp (@Paul_Karp) June 7, 2017This is not the first time Clapper has openly spoken of Trump with contempt; in fact, he recently suggested to Jake Tapper, host of the CNN news shows The Lead and State of the Union, that Trump is a threat to the very fabric of the republic, saying: I think in many ways our institutions are under assault both externally and that s the big news here is the Russian interference in our election system and I think as well our institutions are under assault internally. When Tapper pressed Clapper about what he meant about the institutional danger from the inside, Clapper said he meant Trump.Of course, Clapper is correct. Donald Trump makes Richard Nixon look like a boy scout. There has never been such an assault on our Republic from within the very top levels of government, and certainly we ve never had a president who was in the pocket of the Russians the way Trump is. No, this is far, far worse than Watergate, and that is why we must find a way to remove the entire Trump Administration from office as soon as possible.Watch Clapper s remarks below:Featured image via Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
1242," Several Bars Will Be Opening Early Thursday For Comey’s Hearing, Serving Cheap Russian Vodka","If you are looking for somewhere to drink while you watch former-FBI Director James Comey s testimony on Thursday morning, then it seems like your prayers have been answered. At least three bars in Washington DC will be opening early for the event.Shaw s Tavern at 520 Florida Ave NW will be hosting  The Comey Hearing Covfefe.  Opening at 9:30 am, Shaw s will have five screens showing Comey s testimony and will be serving $5 Stolichnaya Vodka flavors, as well as some house specials for the day, including the  FBI  sandwich, consisting of Fried chicken breast, Bacon and Iceberg lettuce on a toasted bun with fries for $10. If you d prefer breakfast, then there is another  FBI  available  French toast, Bacon and Ice cream, also for $10.Duffy s Irish Pub, situated at 2106 Vermont Ave NW, will have their  James Comey Show  featuring the  Covfefe Cocktail.  Although few details are known about the event or the contents of the Covfefe Cocktail, Duffy s is decked out with 15 screens and serves what have been voted  The Best Wings in DC,  hopefully all left ones.Another option is The Partisan, located at 709 D St NW, and their  Comey Viewing Party. The Partisan will be opening at 10 am for all of the Comey action, but suggest grabbing breakfast at Red Apron Butcher s D Street location first. After that, you can pull up a seat in The Partisan and watch it all go down while enjoying either a Last Word  or  Drop The Bomb  cocktail at $6 each.Unfortunately, not everyone wanting to watch the show with an early morning drink will be in Washington, however, those in Houston, TX, will be in luck with Axelrad at 1517 Alabama St playing host to the  Comey Testimony Viewing   the SUPER BOWL of Washington. Axelrad will open at 8:45 am and will be offering $1 off their political drinks including  impeachmint  and  bad hombre.  Muffins, granola, and coffee will also be available.Who said you had to stay home to enjoy all of the Comey testimony fun on Thursday morning?Featured image via Eric Thayer/Getty Images",0
1243," Trump’s Sons Plug Father’s Presidency, Hotel Chain On Morning TV And It’s Perfectly Legal","When then-President Elect Donald Trump held a press conference on January 11 to separate himself from his business ventures, he said,  These papers are just some of the many documents I ve signed turning over complete and total control to my sons,  while standing next to a table stacked with manila folders. Sure, the papers all looked blank and the media wasn t allowed to examine them, but his intentions were clear. They are not going to discuss [the business] with me,  Trump said of his sons.  Again, I don t have to do this. They re not going to discuss it with me.  Of course, few believed a word of it for even a second. Why should they? A shrewd, dishonest businessman who puts wealth, status and power over everything was weeks away from being sworn in as the 45th President of the United States of America.Once again, the doubters have been proven right. Quite a few of them were republicans who truly didn t care or see a conflict of interests as they wanted a businessman in the White House anyway, but the thin veneer separating Trump s presidency and his business interests is rapidly starting to crumble.President Trump s two oldest sons, Donald Jr. and Eric, took to the morning show circuit this week to promote the latest budget accommodation in the Trump Hotels line, but that didn t stop them from weighing in on issues surrounding their father s presidency. While appearing on Good Morning America on Tuesday morning, Eric Trump described the Russian probe as the greatest hoax of all time,  while his brother, Donald Jr., had some strong words for London Mayor Sadiq Khan, saying that,  Maybe he should do something to fix the problem rather than just sit there and pretend there isn t one.  Just like their father, the pair also found time to bash the media.The unsettling news is that, although the pair aren t technically breaking any laws, they are setting a new, unchartered precedent for future American leaders. It s hard to describe what they re doing in polite words,  said Mark Foster, a lawyer who specializes in ethics at the firm Zuckerman Spaeder LLP.  If he   and this is a loaded term   if he gets away with it, then obviously he sets a new standard for future presidents:  It s OK to do this,  which I think would be extremely regrettable because it s never been the standard and it ought not to be the standard,  Foster continued.  But if he does it and gets away with it, then, you know, what president down the road is gonna feel constrained not to set his own standards? There are no standards. In an interview with Forbes magazine, Eric Trump claimed that he doesn t talk politics with his father.  There is kind of a clear separation of church and state that we maintain, and I am deadly serious about that exercise,  he said.  I do not talk about the government with him, and he does not talk about the business with us. That s kind of a steadfast pact we made, and it s something that we honor. However, just like his father, it didn t take long for Eric to contradict himself, when he admitted just minutes later that he gives the president business updates.  Yeah, on the bottom line, profitability reports and stuff like that, but you know, that s about it,  he said, adding when asked how often,  Yeah, probably quarterly. Funny, only one quarter has passed since Trump was sworn in as president and what reason do we have to believe a son who is this close to his father?  My father and I are very close,  Eric Trump says.  I talk to him a lot. We re pretty inseparable. This latest disclosure from Trump s son that he s talking about these things is confirmation that the attestations that the president made back in January regarding there being complete separation are a sham,  said Alex Howard, deputy director of the Sunlight Foundation, a government accountability and transparency nonprofit.  Look, I don t care what you say: Money influences the way you think,  he said.  You know, I tend to think favorably of my clients because they pay me a lot of money. That s not a bad thing. It s just human nature   except if I were president of the United States, you wouldn t want people influencing my thinking by giving me money either directly or indirectly. You d rather I was thinking about the national interest. A spokesperson for the Trump Organization declined to comment, however, hopefully next time voters reconsider putting a businessman in the White House.Featured image via Jeff Vinnick/Getty Images",0
1244," WATCH: Colbert GOES THERE, Calls For A New Election In Hilarious Must-See Monologue","Late Show host Stephen Colbert has been having a high old time ripping Donald Trump and his crazy, scandal-ridden administration to shreds on a nightly basis. However, no matter his open loathing of Trump, the comedian never crossed the line of questioning the integrity of the election result   until now.On Tuesday night in a real humdinger of a monologue, Colbert started in on the story about how NSA contractor Reality Winner leaked secret documents that revealed that the election hack was much broader than the American public had previously been aware of. Indeed, it seems the Russians hacked into the electoral system right up until election day. Colbert said of this development: Days before? Come on, Guccifer, that s poor planning. You can t leave your hacking to last minute. Put some thought into it. No one wants an election you just picked up at Walgreens. That s when Colbert hit his home run: Who really knows who won November 8th now? I mean, other than Vladimir Putin. Now, I m a little rusty on my Constitution, but I guess that means new election? Of course, the crowd cheered heartily at this, and Colbert lapped it up and continued: Let s just get the band back together. Somebody find Jeb and wake him up. I don t know where he is. Check the mild salsa aisle, or a store that sells only mayonnaise.Now, all along, Donald Trump has said the entire Russia story is fake news. And there s no way to know whether this document that was released was real   other than the fact that the leaker was immediately arrested.  All in all, there s just so much goodness in this monologue that you just have to watch it for yourself. In all seriousness though, Colbert is right   the American public now has very good and valid reasons to question the integrity of the outcome of the presidential election in 2016. We do need a new election. We have to have faith in our electoral process, and we don t have it now.It s time to find some constitutional mechanism to make this happen.Watch Colbert s brilliance below: Featured image via video screen capture",0
1245, Eric Trump Claims That Democrats Are “Not Even People” To Him In Fox News Interview (VIDEO),"The apple truly doesn t fall far from the tree and Eric Trump proved that in a recent interview on Fox News. In his very first sentence during an interview on Fox s Hannity program, the third-born child and second son of Donald Trump made it clear how he really felt   that he doesn t even think ofDemocratss as human beings.When Trump appeared on the program on Tuesday night, host Sean Hannity opened with a simple question,  Don t you wish you went to Washington so you could deal with this every second of every day?  The light-hearted query was in reference to the ongoing investigation into Russia s possible ties to the 2016 presidential election and Eric decided to take a page out of his father s book, answering off the cuff without really even thinking, rather just letting his true feelings known. I ve never seen hatred like this,  he said.  To me, they re not even people. It s so, so sad. Morality s just gone, morals have flown out the window and we deserve so much better than this as a country.  Trump tried to justify his statement by adding, You see the Democratic Party, they re imploding. They re imploding. They became obstructionists because they have no message of their own. But Eric Trump s diatribe against the Democratic party didn t stop there. Although he didn t stoop to naming Democratic National Committee chairman Tom Perez directly, Trump made it abundantly clear who he was referring to. You see the head of the DNC, who is a total whack job,  he told host Sean Hannity.  There s no leadership there,  however, Trump couldn t end his criticism there without making a reference to his old man s deal making abilities. They lost the [2016 presidential] election that they should have won because they spent seven times the amount of money that my father spent. Watch the bitterness unfold in the full interview, here:Featured image via Kevin Winter/Getty Images",0
1246, New Info Reveals The TRUE Lengths Trump Went To In Order To Stop FBI’s Russia Probe,"It s well known by now that Trump unsuccessfully pressured Comey to end the FBI s investigation into Michael Flynn and Russia. Many might think that his attempts to pressure authorities to end that investigation ended with Comey, or maybe Attorney General Jeff Sessions. They didn t. A new report from the Washington Post details how Trump went after his newly confirmed Director of National Intelligence, Daniel Coats, on this same subject. [Trump] then started complaining about the FBI investigation and Comey s handling of it, said officials familiar with the account Coats gave to associates. Two days earlier, Comey had confirmed in a congressional hearing that the bureau was probing whether Trump s campaign coordinated with Russia during the 2016 race  The interaction with Coats indicates that Trump aimed to enlist top officials to have Comey curtail the bureau s probe. After that, Trump spoke to Coats again and asked him to publicly deny the existence of any evidence of collusion between his campaign and Russia. He made a similar request of Mike Rogers, the director of the National Intelligence Agency. Both of them refused to do what Trump wanted them to do.Trump is likely upset that he can t control every part of the executive branch like he no doubt thought he would. Nominating and confirming people who have a modicum of integrity, as well as knowledge of how the intelligence community and White House should behave with respect to each other, has only served to push Trump into a very uncomfortable corner.While Trump and his allies continue to deny that anything ever happened, up to and including lying through their teeth, we have to ask one question: If Trump knows he s innocent, why try to interfere in the investigations this way? Why behave like there s a cover-up? Once again, none of this is the behavior of an innocent man. It s the behavior of someone with something to hide.Featured image via Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
1247, Comey Drops BOMBSHELL On Sessions: I Don’t Want To Be Alone With Trump (VIDEO),"The entire nation is now waiting with bated breath for fired FBI Director James Comey to testify in open session Congress in what might be the biggest political event since election night. That will not take place until Thursday, and in the meantime, bombshells keep dropping from the White House   especially on the subject of just how troubled Comey was by Trump s behavior. In fact, it seems that Comey was so uneasy that he actually told Attorney General Jeff Sessions not to leave him alone with Trump.The New York Times is reporting that Trump s inappropriate requests for Comey and the FBI to drop certain elements of the Russian hacking investigations made him uncomfortable enough that he went to Sessions and told him that he and his agency needed him to be a firewall of protection from investigation meddling from the West Wing of the White House. Comey, however, never told Sessions specific details of just what had him so worried when it came to Trump; after all, Sessions and Trump are notoriously close, and it is not a certainty that Sessions is completely trustworthy in these matters, either.When asked about these conversations with the now-former FBI Director, the Department of Justice only said: The attorney general doesn t believe it s appropriate to respond to media inquiries on matters that may be related to ongoing investigations. So, in other words, there s no denial here that these conversations took place. This is quite a development, considering that the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation was so deeply concerned about the behavior of the nation s chief executive that he simply could not bring himself to be alone in a room with him.Trump s problematic behavior causes Obama Justice Department Official Matthew S. Axelrod to weigh in. He said: You have the president of the United States talking to the director of the F.B.I., not just about any criminal investigation, but one involving his presidential campaign. That is such a sharp departure from all the past traditions and rules of the road. Indeed, if this behavior is not illegal, it is, at the very least, wildly inappropriate and unethical. Thursday should be a goldmine of new revelations from Comey. Hopefully, said revelations get us at least a step or two closer to being rid of this Trumpster fire of an  administration. Here is video reporting of these revelations, via the New York Times:Featured image via screen capture from the New York Times ",0
1248, Trump ROYALLY Blindsided His Own National Security Team With Last Second Change In NATO Speech,"One of the major things with Donald Trump s speech at the NATO summit that shocked everyone was his refusal to commit to Article 5, which basically states that an attack on one member is an attack on all. But his speech wasn t supposed to be that way. 27 words were removed from that speech, and that threw his national security team for a loop. They had no idea those words had been deleted.Trump was supposed to say: We face many threats, but I stand here before you with a clear message: the U.S. commitment to the NATO alliance and to Article 5 is unwavering. But he didn t. And his national security team (and really, the rest of his administration) was left to clean up the shitstorm that resulted from that removal. Everyone, from Mike Pence to National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster to Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, has been on  cleanup duty,  going out of their way to try and convince the world that we do, in fact, remain committed to Article 5.But apparently, the White House doesn t think it matters (here s a hint to them: It does). Spicer told reporters that he thought the whole mess was  a silly discussion,  and that Trump s presence at the summit should have been enough to show our allies that we remain committed to all 13 Articles of the NATO alliance.Spicer made it sound like Trump deigned to attend an event which was beneath him and thus, not worthy of his time.Because of his ridiculous behavior and terrible understanding of everything, foreign policy advisers are now frantically trying to convince our allies that they still matter to us, and that Trump is still their partner.Trump put our allies badly on edge when he refused to commit to Article 5, and with other things he said at both the NATO summit and the G7 summit. In doing so, he s forced Germany and France to try and isolate us in order to maintain the strength of their own alliances, because Trump just proved that we are no longer a steadfast and true partner. He may as well have come out and said,  Don t trust us anymore. Don t rely on us anymore. Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
1249, Trump Signals He May Be Done With Kushner – For The Most Trump Reason Ever,"Donald Trump may be realizing that there s something to the sage advice of not working with family. On Tuesday, Trump joked that his son-in-law Jared Kushner is becoming more famous than him. For Kushner, who is becoming an albatross around the neck of the administration, that  joke  could be the kiss of political death.Trump has made a similar joke before. Then it was directed toward FBI Director James Comey. Months later, Comey was gone. Jared has actually become much more famous than me   I m a little upset at that,  Trump said, prompting the room to erupt in laughter.House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.) turned to Kushner and said,  That s a badge of honor.  Kushner smiled but did not respond, according to a reporter in the room.Source: The HillThe joke came after Kushner made the cover of Time Magazine. It doesn t matter that the portrayal wasn t completely flattering or that Kushner s implications in the Russian election scandal are front and center in the article. What matters to Trump is that Kushner, who s perhaps best known as a man of few words, is beginning to eclipse Trump in the media. Except that he s not. Most news stories are still about Trump and not Kushner.Trump doesn t see that, though. When a member of his administration, any member of his administration, becomes a focus of the media, that means at least a little attention is being taken off of him. Trump can t deal with that.Two days after his inauguration, Trump joked that James Comey had  become more famous than me.  Then as now, Trump still dominated most headlines, but for Trump, it wasn t enough. Comey was soon gone.Trump s White House advisors are a hodgepodge of people whose only qualifications are their ability to boost Trump s ego. Once they ve outlived that purpose, they ve outlived their usefulness to Trump, even if they are family.Featured image via Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
1250, Canada’s Foreign Minister: We Must Now Fill The Global Leadership Role U.S. Has Abandoned,"Donald Trump has done so much damage that other countries are now scrambling to figure out their new role in the world. The U.S. is quickly losing its status as a superpower with Trump at the helm and now leaders from around the globe are figuring out just who will fill the void. On Tuesday, Canada s foreign minister said that his country must step up to help fill the global leadership role that the U.S. has abandoned under Trump.During a speech, Minister Chrystia Freeland said that while the  United States has truly been the indispensable nation  in years past and  has helped foster peace and prosperity  for both Canada and the U.S., things seem to be changing.Yet it would be na ve or hypocritical to claim before this House that all Americans today agree. Indeed, many of the voters in last year s presidential election cast their ballots, animated in part by a desire to show that the burden of world leadership. To say this is not controversial: it is simply that. Canada is grateful, and will always be grateful,  to the U.S., Freeland continued. She added that Canada  will continue to seek to persuade our friend that their continued international leadership is very much in their national interest   as well as that of the rest of the free world. Yet we also recognize that the ultimately not our decision to make. It is a choice Americans must make for themselves.The fact that our friend and ally has come to question the very worth of its mantle of global leadership, puts into sharper focus the need for the rest of us to set our and we are in sovereign course. For Canada, that course must be the renewal, indeed the strengthening, of the postwar multilateral order.We will follow this path, with open hand and open heart extended to our American friend, seeking to make common cause had so often in the past.This is absolutely shameful. In less than six months Trump cost the U.S. not only its reputation but its role as a global leader as well. How much longer are we going to allow him to continue destroying our country?Stunning speech by Canada s foreign minister: America is giving up mantle of global leadership, and we must step in https://t.co/prTaNTv927 pic.twitter.com/1LxdRXjtC5  Mark Murray (@mmurraypolitics) June 6, 2017Featured image via Fiona Goodall/Getty Images",0
1251, Trump Willing To Discuss Solar Powered Border Wall If Everyone Agrees It Was His Idea,"Trump took some time today during a White House meeting with Republican congressional leaders to brag about his new ideas for the border wall. According to three meeting attendees, Trump proposed that the wall could be covered with solar panels, and pay for the cost of the wall with the electricity it generated.Trump was happy about his idea of a wall that was up to 50 feet high and solar panel covered. He bragged that they would be  beautiful structures,  because most walls are only 14 or 15 feet high, and these ones would be taller and better.Trump did have one caveat going forward with solar panel border wall discussion   he insisted that lawmakers could talk about it as long as they told everyone it was his idea! The truth is, obviously, it wasn t. But remember, we have a toddler for a President.A solar panel covered wall was actually proposed in a bid submitted during a U.S. requests for wall designs at the beginning of the year, according to a report by the AP. The companies who get the contracts will likely be announced later this month.This begs the question   can we use the President s toddler tendencies for the good of the planet? Maybe all we need to do to get Trump to support renewable energy is to give him credit for coming up with it and give him extra praise like a three-year-old who ate his vegetables. You did it, Trumpy!Photo by Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
1252, Trump Steals $100K from Children’s Cancer Charity To Line His Own Pockets,"In another despicable headline focused on the actions of President Trump, Forbes reported on Tuesday that Trump has funneled over $100,000 in St. Jude Children s Hospital donations into Trump Organization revenue.Trump s son Eric hosts an annual golf tournament to raise millions for the St. Jude children s Research Hospital. The Eric Trump Foundation reportedly funneled $100,000 of the donations right back to Trump s golf courses   to take care of  incurred expenses    instead of going to the charity where the donors had been promised they would go.To top this off, over the past 10 years $500,000 of donated money was conveniently  re-donated  to different charities, including ones connected to family members of Trump. Most of these organizations were using the Trump golf courses for the fund raising tournaments, meaning Trump could have been making additional hundreds-of-thousands off of charities over the yers.The order to bill the Eric Trump charitable foundation for obscene amounts of donated money came directly from Trump himself, says the report. This means that not only did Trump swindle charity money, he also broke federal and New York state laws on misleading donors and self-dealing.The President had announced that he would dissolve his charitable foundation to avoid what people might consider conflicts of interest, but he has yet to act on that promise. New York state s attorney general isn t going to allow him to do anything of the sort while a criminal probe of the charity is on-going. The Trump Foundation is still under investigation by this office and cannot legally dissolve until that investigation is complete,  said Attorney General spokesperson Amy Spitalnick, in December.Really? Hundreds-of-thousands from kids with cancer? Speechless.Photo by Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
1253, WATCH: Sean Spicer Fails SPECTACULARLY When Asked About Trump’s Ridiculous Twitter Habit,"White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer has the hardest job in Washington. He has to, on an almost daily basis, face a firing squad of reporters and try to explain his boss s crazy behavior. This is especially true when it comes to Donald Trump s infamous Twitter habit.There have been several explanations from White House officials about how reporters and the American public should treat Trump s tweets. Now that Trump has had a spectacularly nutty weekend on Twitter even by normal Trumpian standards, Spicer had to answer on Monday, point blank, if every crazy tweet is an official statement from the White House. Spicer said of the tweets: The president is the president of the United States so they are considered official statements by the president of the United States. To that end, that means that Trump s repeated attacks on London Mayor Sadiq Khan at a time when we should be supporting our closest ally through a crisis are official White House statements. That means that the infamous  covfefe  tweet is an official White House statement. That means that every lie, every personal attack, every crazy or vulgar or downright bizarre thing Trump has tweeted since taking office on January 20th is an official White House statement. Think about that, and weep for this nation, folks.After that clearly not well thought out response, Spicer went on to say that Trump is in no way worried that he will hurt his Muslim ban case with the Supreme Court with his tweets in that direction, either. Spicer didn t really address the tweets themselves, only sticking to the White House party line and saying: The court should follow the law. There s no question that we should prevail. Of course, if Trump continues to undermine his own case, they won t prevail, and that is sure to result in more attacks on the judiciary via   you guessed it   Twitter.What a crazy time to be living in. But what did we expect? Elect a clown, expect a circus.Watch the video of Spicer s bizarre remarks below:Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1254," Trump Is Searching For A Lawyer, But Law Firms Are Turning Him Down COLD","Damn! Donald Trump is in need of a private lawyer to help him with the Russian avalanche that s about to come tumbling down upon him and his administration, but at least four top law firms have told Donald Trump, in no uncertain terms, to f*ck off.The law firms are on to Trump. He is too stubborn to listen to their advice (as his out of control Twitter account proves) and he s a deadbeat, which 50 years of Trump in the business world has proven.Trump is currently represented by an attorney. Marc E. Kasowitz has been representing Trump in real estate matters for years, and not surprisingly, he s considered quite ruthless. But he doesn t know his way around Washington, D.C. or around the D.C. press. Trump had to settle upon Kasowitz after at least four major firms said no to the petulant and out of control BLOTUS.Among them, sources said, were some of the most high-profile names in the legal profession, including Brendan Sullivan of Williams & Connolly; Ted Olson of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher; Paul Clement and Mark Filip of Kirkland & Ellis; and Robert Giuffra of Sullivan & Cromwell.Source: Yahoo.comSome in the firms said there were conflicts with other clients, or that they simply didn t have the time, but, according to Yahoo:A consistent theme, the sources said, was the concern about whether the president would accept the advice of his lawyers and refrain from public statements and tweets that have consistently undercut his position. The concerns were,  The guy won t pay and he won t listen,  said one lawyer close to the White House who is familiar with some of the discussions between the firms and the administration, as well as deliberations within the firms themselves.The other problem is that Trump is so polarizing, the firms are afraid they would lose business by defending him.Another lawyer briefed on some of the discussions agreed that the firms were worried about the reputational risk of representing the president. One issue that arose, this lawyer said, was  Do I want to be associated with this president and his policies?  In addition, the lawyer said, there were concerns that if they took on the case,  Who s in charge?  and  Would he listen? This doesn t bode well for Trump. James Comey is set to begin testifying about what he knows about Trump and his Russian connections on Thursday. Trump is without qualified legal counsel. His lawyer is drafting a defense strategy, but as with his client, he s unprepared for the job.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images ",0
1255," Trump Marks D-Day Anniversary By Bragging About Himself, Attacking The Media, And Insulting An Ally","The first thing Donald Trump should have thought about on Tuesday morning is all the American soldiers who sacrificed their lives 73 years ago.On the beaches of Normandy in France, American troops faced the heaviest fire in what is still the largest amphibious operation ever conducted. Many never even made it off the boats that carried them to shore. As depicted in the film Saving Private Ryan, June 6, 1943 was a bloody and terrifying day.But instead of thinking about those brave men today on the anniversary of D-Day, Trump chose to only think about himself.In yet another early morning rant on Twitter, Trump attacked the media and listed basically every channel except Fox News as fake news and once again bragged about winning the election.The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 6, 2017Sorry folks, but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, washpost or nytimes, I would have had ZERO chance winning WH  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 6, 2017Trump then bragged that he is going to end the threat of terrorism just because he visited Saudi Arabia and then he attacked one of our strategic allies in the Middle East.During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar   look!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 6, 2017It should be noted that Qatar has been our ally since 1973. But Trump wasn t done attacking them.So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 6, 2017 extremism, and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 6, 2017Seriously, Trump literally just accused one of our longtime allies of funding terrorism because Saudi Arabia told him to. Qatar officials deny the allegations.But Trump s attack on Qatar is also hypocritical considering Saudi Arabia has also been repeatedly accused of funding terrorism. The Saudis are also significantly tied to the 9/11 attacks, but you don t see Trump attacking them.The tension between Qatar and other Middle Eastern nations has been building for quite some time now. Trump s pathetic speech during his embarrassing trip overseas had nothing to do with what s happening at the moment. But Trump is trying to take credit anyway.As Trump continues to cause worldwide chaos and insults our European allies, the anniversary of D-Day should be even more important than ever before.29,000 Americans lost their lives that day on the blood-soaked sand and water. To put that figure in perspective, that s more killed in one day than the entire eight-year war in Iraq in which 4,424 American troops were killed.And if we continue to let Trump and his administration remain in power, we could end up fighting another world war that will be even costlier.Featured Image: Sean Gallup/Getty Images",0
1256, Four Top Law Firms REFUSE To Represent Deadbeat Trump In Russia Probe,"Donald Trump may want to hire the best and the brightest to represent him in his growing Russia scandal, but that s certainly not what he is going to get. Apparently, had as big a problem in finding competent legal representation as he is in filling the government with worthwhile people.Yahoo News reports that the White House sought help from Brendan Sullivan of Williams & Connolly, Ted Olson of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher, Paul Clement and Mark Filip of Kirkland & Ellis, and Robert Giuffra of Sullivan & Cromwell, in dealing with the Russia investigation.All of them told him to f*ck the f*ck off.While he ultimately settled   key word being  settled    on his chief lawyer, Marc E. Kasowitz, he was turned down by some of the biggest names in the legal profession because Trump wouldn t listen to their advice, and even if he did listen he would continue his long tradition of not paying people he hires:The lawyers and their firms cited a variety of factors in choosing not to take on the president as a client. Some, like Brendan Sullivan, said they had upcoming trials or existing commitments that would make it impossible for them to devote the necessary time and resources to Trump s defense.Others mentioned potential conflicts with clients of their firms, such as financial institutions that have already received subpoenas relating to potential money-laundering issues that are part of the investigation.But a consistent theme, the sources said, was the concern about whether the president would accept the advice of his lawyers and refrain from public statements and tweets that have consistently undercut his position. The concerns were,  The guy won t pay and he won t listen,  said one lawyer close to the White House who is familiar with some of the discussions between the firms and the administration, as well as deliberations within the firms themselves.In addition, there are fears that association with The Donald would  kill recruitment  because of the shame involved in serving Trump willingly. Do I want to be associated with this president and his policies?  the lawyer said.Trump has representation, but it really says something that the top legal minds in the nation consider him and the Russia scandal a lost cause.Featured image via Getty Images/Win McNamee",0
1257, Trump: I Won’t Stop Tweeting Even Though The ‘FAKE MSM’ Is Trying To Stop Me,"White House counselor Kellyanne Conway has previously said to take alleged president Donald Trump s tweets seriously but now, she thinks the media should stop reporting about his crazy-time messages on the social media site. Aides agree with her. Pay no attention to his mean-girl tweets. But, the former reality show star wants his tweets to be taken seriously. Trump wrote Tuesday morning,  The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out. The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 6, 2017That s something we can agree with Trump on. Keep tweeting, Amateur. Former FBI Director James Comey is testifying in two days and Trump s Twitter timeline is a goldmine for investigators looking into his possible collusion with Russia to interfere in the 2016 election. In addition, every time White House officials are interviewed to defend their boss, Trump inevitably tweets out messages which debunk their defense.Twitter users responded because Trump is cray, that s why.""Honest"" like yesterday when Trump blamed Ds for obstructing confirmation of ambassadors he hasn't even nominated https://t.co/lrsAJg2ugf  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) June 6, 2017When the Mayor of London told his city to not be alarmed by the police presence following the terror attack, Trump took his words out of context on Twitter to attack our ally.Or the other moments of ""honesty"" when Trump insinuated that the mayor had said not to be alarmed about a terrorist attack pic.twitter.com/vLxVrDxhfz  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) June 6, 2017Trump claims to use Twitter so his honest message can be relayed to the public. You know, like his inaugural crowd size and covfefe.Unfiltered like Covfefe. Honest like 3-5 million illegal voters.  Ram Prasad (@ramprasad_c) June 6, 2017Keep it up, Sport.Mate, no one wants you to stop, this is more entertaining than a pug in a squirrel suit  Chris York (@ChrisDYork) June 6, 2017In the following tweet, Trump wrote,  Sorry folks, but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, washpost or nytimes, I would have had ZERO chance winning WH. Sorry folks, but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, washpost or nytimes, I would have had ZERO chance winning WH  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 6, 2017But Trump had a little help  winning  the election.All you needed was Russia  Mike Denison (@mikd33) June 6, 2017This is all a distraction.Keep in mind that any tweet Trump does this week is intended for one purpose only: Distraction.  Richard Blair (@allspinzone) June 6, 2017In all seriousness, though, we do appreciate the apology. If you had just ended it at ""Sorry folks"" it would have been your best tweet ever!  Ben Hooper (@BenHooperWrites) June 6, 2017Do you still believe Mexico will pay for the wall?  Morten  verbye (@morten) June 6, 2017Whoops!In other things that were more helpful to your campaign than the media and Twitter: pic.twitter.com/17JO9VkPNK  Ben Hooper (@BenHooperWrites) June 6, 2017It s D-Day Remembrance Day and our idiotic fake president is tweeting about his election win.It s D-Day Remembrance Day and all you re whining on about is winning the election. You re pathetic.  Emma Kennedy (@EmmaKennedy) June 6, 2017Honestly just shut the fuck up please  Brittany Van Horne (@_brittanyv) June 6, 2017He thinks D-Day stands for Donald.  Buddy Winston (@BuddyWinston) June 6, 2017More gaslighting.more gas lighting, Donald, which seems to be the only thing you re good at.  Joel L. Watts (@eJoelWatts) June 6, 2017The world is laughing at us.The WH also has ZERO chance of winning for America as long as you are in the Oval Office. pic.twitter.com/sh3KqmG6wm  Adam Best (@adamcbest) June 6, 2017Because you placate to a base that has the collective intelligence of a gravel driveway. #Trumprussia #trump #RESISTANCE pic.twitter.com/9K46ekIPKN  T. Rafael Cimino (@TRafaelCimino) June 6, 2017On Monday, Trump held a signing event which was totally fake because he had no bills to sign.Don't forget yesterday's fake signing of air-traffic ""legislation."" Reality show realtor = terrible president.  Mike Mestas (@EmmJayyMest) June 6, 2017Trump s tweets are quoted verbatim by the media and that angers him. If you want to see what fake news looks like, take a peek at his Twitter timeline every day. He s a petulant 70-year-old baby with no impulse control. Trump is plagued with scandals and he s only been on the job for 137 days.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1258, More People Now Support Trump’s Impeachment Than Trump As President,"The latest results are in and things are looking pretty bleak for President Trump   As of Monday, practically every single poll had Donald Trump plummeting in the ratings, however, the support of his impeachment was steadily rising and has now actually overtaken the president s approval rating.Yes, even when the margin of error is factored in, more U.S. voters are in support of Trump s impeachment compared to those that simply support him as the president and it doesn t really come as much of a surprise when one considers the events of the past week. First, Trump pulled the U.S. out of the Paris climate accord, then there was the way he responded to the London terror attacks, undermining London mayor Sadiq Khan with a Twitter tirade that continually took one of Khan s comments completely out of context. Add to these the ongoing probe into Russia possibly having a hand in helping him win the U.S. presidential election and Trump is not a particularly popular man at the moment.According to a Gallup poll published on Monday, Trump s approval rating dropped from almost 42% prior to the weekend down to 36%, inching ever so closer back to his all-time low of 35% back in March. On the other hand, a Politico/Morning Consult poll published the same day found that almost 43% of American voters are in favor of beginning the official procedure to have Trump impeached.Despite there being no exact concrete number for where the president s approval rating stands, every poll reflected the exact same pattern over the course of the weekend following Trump s decision on the Paris agreement. That includes polling sites such as Rasmussen Reports, ones that lean more than just a little to the right, still showing that 54% disapprove of the President s tenure.While Trump might have achieved a personal-high approval rating of 42% after his first official overseas trip as president, he is now rapidly approaching the territory of the lowest approval rating in the history of modern American politics.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1259, NSA Contractor Arrested For Leaking Classified Documents On Russian Hacking To The Media,"Reality Leigh Winner, 25, a federal contractor at the NSA, was arrested for leaking a classified report containing what has been described as  Top Secret Level  information on Russia s attempt to interfere with the 2016 U.S. Presidential election. Winner appeared in federal court on June 5, facing one charge of removing classified material from a government facility and mailing it to a news outlet.Winner was employed by Pluribus International Corporation and had been assigned to a U.S. government facility in Georgia since February, working in a position that granted her a top-level security clearance. She had also previously held a similar clearance with the U.S. Air Force. Her arrest was announced about an hour after The Intercept published a story based on an NSA document detailing Russian attempts to hack American voting systems in 2016. Although the Justice Department hasn t stated whether Winner was arrested in connection with The Intercept s story, the site noted that the National Security Agency (NSA) report cited in its story was dated May 5, a date shared by an affidavit supporting her arrest.According to The Intercept s report, Russian military intelligence, specifically the Russian General Staff Main Intelligence Directorate, or GRU, conducted the cyber attacks described in the document: Russian General Staff Main Intelligence Directorate actors   executed cyber espionage operations against a named U.S. company in August 2016, evidently to obtain information on elections-related software and hardware solutions.   The actors likely used data obtained from that operation to   launch a voter registration-themed spear-phishing campaign targeting U.S. local government organizations. An affidavit sworn by FBI Agent Justin Garrick claimed that the government was notified of the leaked report by the news outlet that received it and the agency that housed the report determined only six employees had made physical copies, one of whom was Winner. The affidavit also stated that Garrick interviewed Winner at her home and she admitted intentionally identifying and printing the classified intelligence reporting at issue  and mailing it to the news outlet. The U.S. Government Agency examined the document shared by the News Outlet and determined the pages of the intelligence reporting appeared to be folded and/or creased, suggesting they had been printed and hand-carried out of a secured space,  the affidavit continued.Titus Thomas Nichols, Winner s attorney, declined to confirm whether his client had been accused of leaking the document. My client has no [criminal] history, so it s not as if she has a pattern of having done anything like this before,  Nichols said in a phone interview on Monday to the Associated Press.  She is a very good person. All this craziness has happened all of a sudden,  adding that she hadn t stated or shown any form of confession.Winner remains in federal custody pending a hearing scheduled for June 8.Featured image via Facebook",0
1260, London Mayor Demands UK Cancel Trump’s State Visit After His Deranged Post-Attack Meltdown,"Trump picked a petty, embarrassing fight with the Mayor of London after a terror attack rocked the British capital   now Mayor Sadiq Khan just finished it.In an unprecedented demand, Mayor Khan asked the British government to cancel Trump s planned state visit in response to the way he treated the United Kingdom in the aftermath of a terror attack. Trump had made headlines the world over when he quickly jumped on the tragedy in London to push for his Muslim ban, scare people, and repeatedly smear the Mayor of London (who, it s no coincidence, happens to be Muslim).At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is ""no reason to be alarmed!""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 4, 2017Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his ""no reason to be alarmed"" statement. MSM is working hard to sell it!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017The attacks were complete lies. (Trump may very well be the first president to ever be sued for libel.) The London Mayor has been praised both in England and across the globe for his measured and competent response to the attacks on his city.On Monday, Trump s chief flack Sarah Huckabee claimed Trump had not taken Khan s remarks out of context despite that being exactly what had happened. No apology was issued.Due to this and Trump s other unhinged ranting about London, Mayor Khan said it was time for the British government to stand up to this behavior.Appearing on Channel 4 News on Monday evening, Khan said Trump was wrong about  many things  and that his state visit should not go ahead. I don t think we should roll out the red carpet to the president of the USA in the circumstances where his policies go against everything we stand for,  he said. When you have a special relationship it is no different from when you have got a close mate. You stand with them in times of adversity but you call them out when they are wrong. There are many things about which Donald Trump is wrong. One of the ways Trump is  wrong  is in his use of a terror attack in London to promote his Muslim ban. Foreign policy experts have repeatedly warned that barring Muslims from immigrating or visiting the United States is not only unethical and unconstitutional, but it actually hurts the military s ability to combat terrorism at home and abroad.Conservative British Prime Minister Theresa May seemed to suggest Trump was out of line in attacking London s mayor. (She stopped short of naming Trump personally, which has infuriated many in the country.) You just praised the work that Sadiq Khan has been doing as mayor,  another reporter asked.  Donald Trump responded to the attack by mocking Sadiq Khan. Would a period of silence on his part now be welcome? As I ve said, I m very clear that   I m very clear that Sadiq is doing a good job as mayor of London,  she said before moving on.England by-and-large hates Trump. In one recent poll, just 18 percent of the British public said they approved of Trump. In parliament, in yet another first, the country s top politicians held a debate to argue whether Trump should be barred entry into the UK entirely due to his well-documented bigoted views. The vote eventually went in favor of letting him come, but even many conservative politicians admitted it was mostly because banning the sitting president of the United States would be a bad diplomatic move.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1261, Trump Taking Another Major Step Toward U.S. No Longer Being A Superpower,"After Donald Trump pulled the United States out of the Paris Climate Accord, many noted that it was the end of the United States as a superpower.Now, there s another nail in that coffin. It s increasingly looking like we are also going to pull out of the United Nations Human Rights Council, which would mean we would have no influence whatsoever on human rights abusers.On Tuesday, Nikki Haley, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, will appear for the first time at the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva. The United States is one of 47 members of the council   a hard-fought privilege   but the Trump administration is contemplating pulling out. Haley is unlikely to shut the door on the council during her brief visit, but an assessment process underway could lead to that outcome.Source: Foreign Policy.comThe reason is that the Human Rights Council is supposedly too mean to Israel and it s not mean enough to Iran. Israel does have a pretty atrocious record on human rights abuses and Iran has improved since Hassan Rouhani won the presidency in 2013.Still, those two countries are simply cover for Trump and his isolationist administration. Trump seems to have no issues whatsoever with Saudi Arabia s human rights abuses. That s because they can help make him richer. We all know Trump s allegiance to Russia, who according to Human Rights Watch:The government in 2016 further tightened control over the already-shrinking space for free expression, association, and assembly and intensified persecution of independent critics. Parliament adopted laws expanding the power of law enforcement and security agencies, including to control online speech. The parliamentary vote in September resulted in the ruling party, United Russia, gaining a constitutional majority in the State Duma, the parliament s lower chamber. Russia continued to support rebels who commit abuses in eastern Ukraine. Russia s actions in occupied Crimea created a human rights crisis.Trump and Republicans have never been fans of the United Nations. Neither has Putin. Last year (coincidentally right before our presidential election), Russia lost its seat on the Human Rights Council, mostly because of its support of Syrian strongman Bashar al-Assad and his brutal use of chemical weapons on his own people.The Human Rights Council is far from perfect, but without being in it, the United States loses its voice and its position as a moral authority (as if Trump isn t doing that already). This move would limit our power in the world and it does make one wonder what Trump has in mind for our own country s human rights.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1262, BREAKING: It Looks Like Russia Hacked Our Voting Machines,"Since Donald Trump won the Electoral College vote (and even months before that), Democrats have been focused on the fact that 17 intelligence agencies are all in agreement that Russia interfered with our election through propaganda and through hacking of the Democratic National Committee server. That can t be true,  say Republicans.  There s no evidence that Russia tampered with the voting machines (as if that s the only form of election manipulation),  say Republicans. Now there is evidence of exactly that. While we don t yet know that any votes were flipped during the election, the evidence now says that they were hacking voting machines a few months before the election.According to an NSA document acquired by The Intercept, Russian military intelligence cyber-attacked a U.S. voting software supplier, using information gained in that attack to  launch a voter registration-themed spear-phishing campaign targeting U.S. local government organizations. Russian General Staff Main Intelligence Directorate actors   executed cyber espionage operations against a named U.S. company in August 2016, evidently to obtain information on elections-related software and hardware solutions,  the document states. The operation gave the hackers  persistent access  to the targeted computers, allowing them to  survey the victims for items of interest. Source: NewsweekThis happened in August, so at this time, the NSA says they don t know if Russians actually interfered at the ballot boxes, but, according to a watchdog group called Verified Voting, Russians very well could have prevented some people from voting. If someone has access to a state voter database, they can take malicious action by modifying or removing information,  Pamela Smith, president of Verified Voting, told The Intercept.  This could affect whether someone has the ability to cast a regular ballot or be required to cast a  provisional  ballot   which would mean it has to be checked for their eligibility before it is included in the vote, and it may mean the voter has to jump through certain hoops such as proving their information to the election official before their eligibility is affirmed. Not only are things not looking good for Trump as subpoenas and possible criminal indictments are looming over an increasing number of people close to him, but this brings the legitimacy of the election back into focus. Right now, it s unclear what will happen if it s proven that Hillary Clinton would have won the election, but it s becoming increasingly clear that Trump does not belong there.Featured image via Adam Berry/Getty Images",0
1263, CNN Found The Perfect Way To Troll Trump’s Live Announcement Today (IMAGE),"Donald Trump may have been guilty in intentionally scheduled his first overseas trip to temporarily escape his Russia scandal just as things started really heating up. Unfortunately for Trump, now that he is back in the States, the investigation is once again catching up to him.One thing Trump will regret during this whole Russia investigation is his volatile, tense relationship with the press. Thanks to his own abrasive personality, Trump has made many enemies with major networks, one of the main ones being CNN. Earlier today, CNN sent a pretty direct message to Trump, one that should scare him for the remainder of the investigation.While CNN was covering Trump s live White House event, where the POTUS was speaking about the  Air Traffic Control Reform Initiative , CNN found the perfect opportunity to troll Trump. Using an on-air chyron, CNN promoted the explosive testimony of former FBI Director James Comey, which is only three days away. This graphic appeared throughout Trump s announcement, as a reminder that Trump s troubles are just beginning. You can see the chyron below:CNN likely had a ball thinking of ways the network could troll Trump before settling on this. The Comey investigation was a perfect choice, though   without a doubt, Trump is practically sh*tting his pants over this, judging by the pattern of erratic tweets that have recently been sent out, as they always are whenever poor Donnie is stressed out about something.It won t be long before Trump finds out what CNN did during his event and lashes out in response. But no matter how much he attacks CNN and the media as a whole, it won t help him in the Russia investigation, or make Comey s testimony go away. Trump will finally have to face the music, and most of us cannot wait.Featured image via Mark Wilson / Getty Images",0
1264," Fired Racist Breitbart Writer Says She Needs You To Pay Her Medical Bills, Smallest Violin Plays","While Londoners were coming together in a show of courage and compassion for the victims of a terror attack, an intrepid Breitbart writer decided it would be a good time to exploit the tragedy to promote her racist, white nationalist ideology.In the immediate aftermath of the attack, Katie McHugh tweeted:There would be no deadly terror attacks in the U.K. if Muslims didn t live there. #LondonBridge  Katie McHugh?? (@k_mcq) June 3, 2017Later, when a user pointed out that she was an idiot, she responded by dismissing him because he was  Indian.  (He was right, she was wrong. He is an Iranian-American actor. She really is an idiot.)What followed was even more ranting about Muslims, a seemingly endless stream of hate directed at an entire religion which Katie loathes. Even by Breitbart s standards, it was openly racist. CNN contacted several anonymous employees of the right-wing website and they expressed disgust in their coworker. I find it appalling,  one Breitbart employee told CNN. It s a terrible comment,  another Breitbart employee told CNN, saying it was wrong to make a blanket statement about an entire religious group.  I would never write what she said. (Note: These employees shouldn t get too much credit. How sad is it that they wanted their names to be hidden before they said something so straightforward as  racism is bad ?)Things only got worse for McHugh as people went digging into her history of racism. She has been proudly boasting of her Islamophobia for years, including disgusting attacks like this one   also while she was employed at Breitbart:One day later and Breitbart finally caved to the pressure and fired Katie for the bigoted remarks. (Like at Fox News, 2017 has been a bit of a bloodbath for Breitbart. Before this scandal, they were forced to fire their star personality, Milo Yiannopoulos for endorsing child rape.)But in an added twist of hypocrisy, Katie has now launched a crowdfunding page (hosted by a white nationalist-run website  wesearchr ) in which she begs for handouts to make ends meet while she s unemployed. The Breitbarter wants your welfare please!Donate here so I can pay my medical bills and get employed again. And keep telling the truth. https://t.co/IRAUOj6pIL #LondonBridge  Katie McHugh?? (@k_mcq) June 5, 2017The fact that she needs money to pay her medical bills is particularly rich coming from a Breitbart employee. The website ran relentless attack ads disguised as  news  to stop universal healthcare from happening. To this day, the site supports a repeal of Obamacare   the same insurance pool that would allow McHugh to have health insurance even if she can t find a website to hire her after her racism went viral.And naturally, McHugh is spinning her dismissal from Breitbart as a conspiracy to silence her conservative views.McHugh wanted a raise for tweeting  there would be no deadly terror attacks  if Muslims didn t live there. To quote an Iranian-American actor:You're a real moron  Pej Vahdat (@pejvahdat) June 3, 2017Featured image via Twitter",0
1265," Trump Held A Signing. The Only Problem Is, He Had Nothing To Sign","Back in February, Donald Trump described his administration as  running like a fine-tuned machine  and that mind-numbingly stupid remark will come back to haunt him as much as his  We re going to win so much. You re going to get tired of winning  promise to his supporters. Case in point: The alleged president held a signing today but had nothing to sign.On Monday, Trump announced his goal to privatize the nation s Air Traffic Control System, but that proposal was actually based on legislation introduced by Rep. Bill Shuster (R-PA), the Chairman of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. That bill never came to fruition on the House floor for a vote as it faced bipartisan opposition in the Senate.But anyway, Trump sat down at a desk and signed two documents.Time reports:There was only one problem: He wasn t actually signing something that would have any tangible impact on what he had just proposed.A White House aide told reporters Trump had signed  a decision memo and letter transmitting legislative principles to Congress,  surrounding the privatization of the Air Traffic Control system, which he had just spent the last few minutes advocating for. But in order for his goal to come to fruition, Congress would need to pass legislation implementing it. Before Trump gave remarks Monday, White House officials had told reporters that the President is only dictating his legislative goals of separating air traffic controls from the FAA. Congress is not required to follow through on these goals.Still yet, while Trump fake-signed a bill which doesn t exist (yet, if ever), his team was behind him applauding the signing.This isn t the first time Trump did something like this but previously it was even worse. During a press conference, he said in mid-January,  These papers are just some of the many documents I ve signed turning over complete and total control to my sons  They are not going to discuss [the business] with me. Again, I don t have to do this. They re not going to discuss it with me. The pages appear to be blank.The pages are blank. pic.twitter.com/agLqnBTjrg  Mikey Neumann (@mikeyface) January 12, 2017Trump s signing event was as fake as his presidency.Photo by Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
1266, White Supremacist GOPer’s Democratic Opponent Receives So Many Death Threats That She Quits,"Until recently, Iowa Democrat Kim Weaver was running a promising campaign against noted white supremacist, GOP Rep. Steve King.Weaver raised $100,000 in four days following King s racist claim that we  can t restore our civilization with somebody else s babies    just one of his many, many bigoted outpourings.This, of course, made him very popular with the  alt-Right  (the modern term for Nazis).The 15 Words:[C]ulture and demographics are our destiny. We can't restore our civilization with somebody else's babies.  Richard ? Spencer (@RichardBSpencer) March 12, 2017Steve King -> 2024 (finish the job)? ? ?????? https://t.co/7nZsetoYvY  David Duke (@DrDavidDuke) March 12, 2017Since he gained popularity with the worst our society has to offer, it s unsurprising what happened next.Weaver received so many death threats from King s Nazi followers that she feels she can not continue to run against him:(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Over the last several weeks, I have been evaluating personal circumstances along with the political climate regarding Posted by Kim Weaver on Saturday, June 3, 2017 One consideration has been raised again by recent events at my home. Beginning during my 2016 campaign, I have received very alarming acts of intimidation, including death threats,  Weaver explains on Facebook.  While some may say enduring threats are just a part of running for office, my personal safety has increasingly become a concern. King, almost following a script that seems to be read every single time the Right threatens someone into submission, claimed that the death threats   likely didn t happen but a fabrication. I wanted #KimWeaver IN the race-not out. Democrats drove her out of the race-not R's. Death threats likely didn't happen but a fabrication.  Steve King (@SteveKingIA) June 4, 2017This is how fascism works: those who resist are threatened into submission or worse.Featured image via screeengrab",0
1267, Kellyanne Conway’s Husband Blasts Trump’s Travel Ban Tweets After Turning Down Job Offer,"Kellyanne Conway may still be loyal to Donald Trump, but her husband seems far less impressed with our Tweeter-in-Chief. On Monday morning, George Conway took to Twitter, Trump s favorite medium, to blast the president for his early morning tweets about his Muslim ban.On Saturday evening, Trump exploited the terrorist attacks in London to push for his Muslim ban. Because who cares that this won t keep us safe and only adds fuel to the fire.We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 3, 2017Then on Monday, Trump really lost his sh*t over his  travel ban  that totally isn t a  ban. People, the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want, but I am calling it what we need and what it is, a TRAVEL BAN!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to S.C.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court   & seek much tougher version!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017 These tweets may make some ppl feel better, but they certainly won t help [Trump s travel ban executive order] get 5 votes in SCOTUS, which is what actually matters,  Conway wrote.  Sad. These tweets may make some ppl feel better, but they certainly won t help OSG get 5 votes in SCOTUS, which is what actually matters. Sad. https://t.co/zVhcyfm8Hr  George Conway (@gtconway3d) June 5, 2017Conway was at the top of the short list for a job at the Justice Department, but last week he withdrew his name from consideration. It is worth noting that this tweet slamming Trump is the first one Conway has posted since 2015.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1268, Hillary Responds To Trump’s London Failure And It’s Absolutely Perfect (TWEET),"Donald Trump s reaction to the London terrorist attack could not have been more disgraceful. Not only did he use the incident to promote his extremely unconstitutional Muslim ban, but he trashed the London mayor and completely failed to send a message of solidarity or hope.Thank goodness we still have Hillary Clinton, the overqualified Democratic presidential candidate who won the popular vote by millions. Despite losing the election to an undeserving orange man baby, Clinton has not abandoned Americans or the world, and continues to act far more presidential than the current moron we have in the White House.Clinton also responded to the London attack, and it was a sharp reminder that we elected the wrong candidate. In her response on Twitter, Clinton showed everyone just how an American president should act, and just how much Trump falls short. She tweeted: After acts of unspeakable cruelty and cowardice, the people of London and the UK choose resolve over fear. Your friends in the US stand with you. Trump s message was divisive, while Clinton sent out a call for unity and peace. At a time when Trump currently has a historically low 36% approval rating, it appears that America is admitting that the wrong person is in the White House.This amazing message from Clinton is hardly surprising. During Trump s abrasive presidential campaign, in which he attacked her nonstop for months, Clinton always remained classy, dignified, and focused on the job ahead. She was always there for the American people, and truly believed in the values this country was built on.This tweet should be burned into the minds of every American when it comes time to vote in 2018 and 2020. America cannot afford to keep Trump in office, or to have another imbecile like him leading the country.Featured image is a screenshot ",0
1269, Kellyanne Conway’s Husband Just Publicly Bashed Trump’s Travel Ban While She Was Defending It On TV,"So the Conway marriage just took a turn   and Kellyanne, still doing the tv circuit to promote Trump s latest lies, may not even know it yet.While Kellyanne was busy going on cable to say Trump s incoherent, dangerous tweets should be ignored and people should focus on his incoherent, dangerous actions instead, her husband had apparently reached a breaking point with the stupidity. On Twitter, he quoted the same idiotic tweets his wife was on TV defending and called them what they were: complete garbage.George Conway s Twitter account is not verified but reporters double-checked and it s him.Wow. Kellyanne Conway's husband on Trump's travel ban tweets: https://t.co/5pJLIhFFJz  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) June 5, 2017George Conway is a high-profile lawyer. He knows the law. And he took one look at Trump s tweets calling for a Muslim ban (Trump is back to calling it a  travel ban ) and said they probably just cost him the Supreme Court. Trump, in his rage-spiral, all but proved his ban was meant to exclude Muslims from certain Middle Eastern countries in the tweets. This, of course, is patently unconstitutional and discriminatory. The Supreme Court will likely use Trump s tweets in deciding against his case. Nice going, Trump!George Conway also recently took himself out of the running to be Trump s latest nepotistic hire. He was originally considered to lead the Justice Department s Civil Division. It seems apparent that he isn t exactly Trump s biggest fan.George Conway, who recently took himself out of the running to lead Justice Dept. Civil Division, on president's travel ban Tweets. https://t.co/OQCSdzDD2t  Matt Zapotosky (@mattzap) June 5, 2017Meanwhile, Kellyanne has been trying her best to defend her indefensible boss. Her husband isn t helping matters. By telling the truth, George is hurting the one thing Kellyanne Conway can resort to: A fictional narrative where up is down and Trump is smart. And she was trying so hard to spin things this morning!WATCH:  This obsession with covering everything he says on Twitter and very little what he does as president   @KellyannePolls pic.twitter.com/iyS3WnHoxh  TODAY (@TODAYshow) June 5, 2017Dinner at the Conways tonight is going to be super awkward.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1270, WATCH: Kellyanne Conway Gets OWNED By NBC Host For Whining About How Media Covers Trump,"It s so much fun watching Kellyanne Conway get humiliated on live television.On Monday morning, the wicked witch of the White House appeared on the Today Show to whine about how the media covers Donald Trump.Specifically, she bitched about the media covering what Trump says on Twitter. This obsession with covering everything he says on Twitter and very little what he does as president,  Conway started before NBC host Craig Melvin pointed out that Twitter is Trump s  preferred method of communication with the American people. Conway replied by accusing Melvin of lying. Melvin fired back and instantly owned Conway with a simple fact. Well, he hasn t given an interview in three weeks. So lately it has been his preferred method. Here s the video via Twitter.WATCH:  This obsession with covering everything he says on Twitter and very little what he does as president   @KellyannePolls pic.twitter.com/iyS3WnHoxh  TODAY (@TODAYshow) June 5, 2017Indeed, Trump has especially used Twitter heavily ever since the London terrorist attack on Saturday.He attacked London s mayor and tried to use the tragedy to scare people into supporting his Muslim ban.Trump even threw a temper tantrum on Monday morning because the courts have blocked his unconstitutional ban.But Trump has used Twitter repeatedly like a drunken sailor since taking office and everything he says should be covered and scrutinized by the media. If Kellyanne Conway thinks the media shouldn t cover Trump s tweets she should take his phone away from him and make him quit social media entirely.Until then, Trump s Twitter feed is fair game.Also, why are networks still letting Conway spew her bullshit on the air?For quite some time, she had been kept off the air because of the amount of lying she does every time she makes an appearance. Now she is all of sudden back on television. If the media should be criticized for anything, it s the way they keep giving Trump s minions a platform to lie to the American people.But at least Craig Melvin called Conway out.Featured image via screenshot",0
1271, Trump Live Tweets About ‘Fox And Friends’ While Mass Shooting In Orlando Unfolds,"Trump spent his second day having a mental breakdown on Twitter with no signs of stopping. Situations around the world are at a particularly dire moment   the Middle East on the brink of war, the terror attack in London, a major infrastructure bill being drawn up   but Trump woke up and immediately turned on the Fox News morning entertainment show, Fox and Friends. Instead of getting his morning intelligence briefing, he live-tweeted incoherently about whatever subjects the Fox hosts brought up.First Trump s Muslim ban Then how Democrats are  obstructing  his ambassadorship picks. (Fact check: They aren t. Trump has nominated almost no one and most spots remain vacant due to his inaction.).@foxandfriends Dems are taking forever to approve my people, including Ambassadors. They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS! Want approvals.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017Finally, he once again viciously lashed out at the Mayor of London Sadiq Khan, taking his original lie and adding even more lies on top to smear the British politician.Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his ""no reason to be alarmed"" statement. MSM is working hard to sell it!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017The mayor s  no reason to be alarmed  quote comes from a larger message where he told British citizens that they would be seeing an increased police presence and that the number of cops was  no reason to be alarmed.  Trump stripped the context and pretended the mayor was saying that terror attacks were no reason to be alarmed. Trump said that because on Fox and Friends yesterday a guest made a similar claim. He either hasn t been corrected about the false information he learned on Fox News or doesn t care.Trump did all of this while a mass shooting in Orlando unfolded. Unlike the terror attack in London, this one was a workplace dispute and done with a gun. Five people died.Five people were killed in a shooting at Fiamma, a business on North Forsyth Road near Hanging Moss Road near Orlando, the Orange County Sheriff s Office reported this morning, calling it a  tragic incident. The shooter   a former  disgruntled employee  who was fired in April   then killed himself, shooter, Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said. The shooter had previously been accused of battering a fellow employee.Trump, who needs reasons to justify his Muslim ban, doesn t seem to care much about mass shootings that don t fit the narrative that only scary Islamic terrorists are capable of violence. His silence on the shooting speaks volumes. It was also in stark contrast to his earlier response to London.When a tragedy hit London, he quickly retweeted an unsubstantiated claim made by right-wing conspiracy site, the Drudge Report. He then spent the night and next morning going on a rant about Muslims. He urged people in England to be scared, doing the work of the terrorists for them.In contrast, when a nearly equal number of Americans die in a way that is painfully normal for the country with a major gun violence problem, Trump can t be bothered to even offer condolences. But then, Fox and Friends, which also hates to acknowledge gun violence, probably didn t mention the shooting so how would our president ever know about it?Featured image via Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
1272, Twitter Smacks Trump HARD After His Latest Ridiculous Attack On London’s Mayor (TWEETS),"On Monday, Donald Trump once again attacked London s Mayor, Sadiq Khan, for what he thinks Khan said about the London terror attacks. Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his  no reason to be alarmed  statement,  Trump tweeted.  MSM is working hard to sell it! Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his ""no reason to be alarmed"" statement. MSM is working hard to sell it!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017Of course, Khan didn t have to  think fast  about anything and the MSM didn t have to work hard at all to  sell  his remarks.The statement was, again, taken out of context. What Khan actually said was that there would be an increased police presence in the wake of the attack and that citizens have  no reason to be alarmed. Naturally, people showed up to once again let Trump know he s a douchebag:Well at least he didn't follow that statement up by playing his 23rd round of golf this year, you lazy cretin.  Jonathan Wier (@JonKMBZ) June 5, 2017You just vomit words with no thought  PRESIDENT Lil Trump (@USAneedsTRUMP) June 5, 2017Pathetic excuse by American President who never thinks fast and is working hard to sell his bullshit presidency  Jamie Lambert (@JamieCollabro) June 5, 2017You are, unfortunately, POTUS. How dare you speak this way about the Mayor of London, a far more noble statesman than you'll ever be?  Bumble Ward (@BumbleWard) June 5, 2017Full quote: ""Londoners will see an increased police presence today & over the course of the next few days. There's no reason to be alarmed.""  Liam Dryden (@LiamDrydenEtc) June 5, 2017He also knows his base will just take his word for it and not fact check anything he says  Annafyock (@afyock2) June 5, 2017What the fuck is wrong with you?  Jay Baruchel (@BaruchelNDG) June 5, 2017HE MEANT THEY SHOULDN'T BE ALARMED ABOUT INCREASED POLICE PRESENCE YOU FUCKING MASSIVE MORON  Stefanie Iris Weiss (@EcoSexuality) June 5, 2017Your explanation for misquoting him is that he retroactively changed the quote you were misquoting?  Morten  verbye (@morten) June 5, 2017You actual mother fucker. Who the fuck do you think you are, twisting his words like that? You are literally disgusting.  Ethan Lawrence (@EthanDLawrence) June 5, 2017This is the second time The Donald has attempted to completely misrepresent the London mayor s words. On Sunday, Trump tweeted that Khan says there is  no reason to be alarmed?  about the at least seven dead and forty-eight wounded.At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is ""no reason to be alarmed!""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 4, 2017Through a spokesman, Khan made it clear that he  has more important things to do than respond to Donald Trump s ill-informed tweet. Featured image via Getty Images/screengrab",0
1273, Trump Awakes With Unhinged Rant Over What To Call His Failing Muslim Ban (TWEETS),"As of this writing, it is not even 7:00 AM on the East Coast and Donald Trump is already awake and tweeting. What s got him so agitated at such an early hour this time? Why, his Muslim ban of course, which he disgracefully promoted after the London terror attacks  or rather, as he is now calling it, a  travel ban. Inexplicably, Trump is upset with regards to how this ill-fated executive order has been referred to in the papers and the courts, and he just had to assert that it is HE who will decide what to call it, and no one else. Trump tweeted:People, the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want, but I am calling it what we need and what it is, a TRAVEL BAN!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017Then, he went on to rant that the Department of Justice was wrong to defy his original Muslim ban but instead went for the  watered down, politically correct version    also commonly known as Muslim ban 2.0.The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to S.C.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017Of course, we all remember that the first Muslim ban explicitly placed a religious test on people coming from the countries on Trump s list of banned nations   which, of course, is unconstitutional. Further, it simply takes Trump back to his campaign promise of a Muslim ban. Those of us who have spent so much as two seconds listening to this buffoon already knew this was what it was anyway.Then, of course, Trump continued to tweet, this time attacking the courts as he always does over rulings that he doesn t like:The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court   & seek much tougher version!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017Yes, the court system can be slow, you big baby, but that s because they d rather get their rulings right than push them through to satisfy impatient morons like you. Further, if you had any sense, you d know that these tweets are now a matter of public record, and they will be used against you in a court of law.This unconstitutional and bigoted ban will be struck down in the Supreme Court, just as it has been in all of the lower courts. You might not have had checks and balances atop your golden tower, but you certainly do while you sit in the Oval Office.Welcome to governing, you big orange idiot. You can t just do what you want anymore. Should have thought of that before you took the job. As for the rest of us? We ll just keep watching you make a fool of yourself on Twitter.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1274, MSNBC Anchor Repeatedly Asks Guests If Trump Is ‘Trying To Provoke A Domestic Terrorist Attack’,"The way Donald Trump responded on Twitter to Saturday s terrorist attack in central London that left seven dead and injured at least 48 others has ruffled more than a few feathers, especially those of the British, including London Mayor Sadiq Khan and Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling, who had this epic response to Trump:It's called 'leadership', Donald. The terrorists were dead 8 minutes after police got the call. If we need an alarmist blowhard, we'll call. https://t.co/NUiy9j4fBt  J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) June 4, 2017But on Sunday afternoon, an MSNBC anchor raised an interesting question. Is it possible that Trump might be a little jealous that nobody is trying to attack the USA at the moment? Because, despite how horrible yet another atrocity like that on US soil would be, it would also most definitely be of a tremendous benefit to the Trump and his questionable agenda if somebody were.Trump had tweeted after the attack that the time for political correctness was over and MSNBC anchor Thomas Roberts used the same approach while interviewing Democratic Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed. Let s not be PC about this,  Roberts prefixed his question the first time round.  Is the president trying to provoke a domestic terrorist attack with this Twitter rant because   only to prove himself right? Reed didn t directly acknowledge the question, but rather responded,  not being politically correct doesn t mean being misinformed or leaking intelligence that harms one of our most important allies,  going on to add,  The way to handle a matter of this kind is not through the form of tweet, it s form of leader to leader direct conversations often handled in a confidential manner. Fortunately for Roberts, Reed wasn t his only guest that day so he figured he might be able to get a more direct response out of his second visitor, former Vermont governor and Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean, but again, Roberts  efforts were in vain. I asked this of Mayor Reed, but it seems like the president is trying to provoke something that he can politicize more for his own gain in America. Do you feel that way?  Roberts asked.Dean also avoided the question but didn t hold back on giving his candid opinion of the American President or his ability to do his job. Well, I think he s totally incompetent,  said Dean, soon changing the topic to Trump pulling out of the Paris accord. I m tired of this crap. Let him do what he wants. He s not the president of what the American dream stands for. He s not the president of the greatest nation on the face of the Earth,  later adding,  He can be his own president and get whatever he wants out of that. We ll speak for America. He can speak for whoever he wants. Thomas Roberts has come up with an interesting question, one which makes sense and worth considering, but definitely a dangerous one for a Democrat to give a direct and honest response to.Featured image via  Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1275, Trump Won This Typically Republican Demographic By Double Digits – Now They’re Turning On Him,"Trump s popularity continues to slip and slide downhill, including with his base. Every segment of his base, even those that are traditionally Republican. One demographic hasn t voted for a Democrat since 2000, but that could change in 2020 as they find themselves increasingly dissatisfied. A new Gallup poll shows that the military community, which Trump won by 17 points last year, now disapproves of him 52 percent to 43 percent. That s a 9-point difference there.In other words, according to Gallup who conducted the poll that s a 16-point swing away from how they saw him during his first 100 days. Prior to April 29, Trump still had a 7-point advantage with the military. May could be an outlier, or it could be the harbinger of a trend that should scare the hell out of Republicans.Military members and their families tend to lean conservative (even though it s primarily the Republicans who toss them aside when they come back from war, saying,  We don t have enough money for the VA. Too bad, so sad ). They re less diverse than the general population, and are less educated than the general public. They also tend to be more religious and more culturally conservative than civilians, so in short, their makeup looks very Republican.That makes this poll surprising and possibly damaging for the GOP, particularly with a contentious midterm coming up next year and a standard-bearer that can t crawl out of the hole of record disapproval in which he finds himself. He s certainly not winning anyone over with his proposal to close more military bases, which military communities tend to depend on for their own livelihood. The Russia scandal and his missteps, like firing James Comey and antagonizing our intelligence services, probably aren t helping either.This falling approval among the military community can present an opportunity for Democrats to slide in if they find solid ways to reach them. The truth is that they still have a significant disadvantage there, but disapproval for a president can translate to disapproval for his party. That, in turn, can lead to some conservatives deciding to vote Democratic.If this trend continues among the military community, then the GOP will probably find itself in some trouble. They rely on this part of their base. Now that part of their base is weakening.Featured image by Win McNamee via Getty Images",0
1276, Texas Super-Dolt Louie Gohmert SAVAGED For Licking Trump’s Boots Over London Response (TWEETS),"Trump is lighting the Internet on fire with his response to the London attack, and not in a good way. But, true to form, some Republicans are busy washing Trump s boots with their tongues over what he said about London, and people aren t liking that, either. Texas  dumbest lawmaker, Louie Gohmert, appeared on Fox News to fawn over Trump s response to London, and later tweeted how happy he is that Trump understands the seriousness of the problem and isn t distracted by people trying to be politically correct.Gohmert displayed his own sorry ignorance of the issues when he blasted liberals over our calls for better and more sensible gun regulations following mass shootings, saying that we re hypocrites because we won t call for bans on white vans and knives after the London attack. He also blasted the judges who have blocked Trump s Muslim ban due to the fact that it s obviously racist and will do nothing to stop terrorism here. He sides with Trump on the idea that we need the Muslim ban and that the courts have no right to block it (because Trump, as president, can do whatever he wants).But he had to top his bootlicking off with this bit of blind devotion:Thank God @POTUS understands seriousness of this issue & isn t distracted by ppl screaming abt political correctness https://t.co/KDPoI4fdLy  Louie Gohmert (@replouiegohmert) June 4, 2017He wasn t going to get away with that. As Twitter is wont to do, they piled on him and his ignorance of Trump s complete lack of understanding of anything, as well as for refusing to censure the biggest exporter of Islamic terrorism there is.Our embarrassing buffoon of a @POTUS literally is the one screaming about  political correctness,  you quarter-wit!  Betty Cracker (@bettycrackerfl) June 4, 2017As a Texan and American, wondering how one can credibly stand *against* terrorism while holding hands *with* Saudi Arabia?  SMD (@seanmfdineen) June 4, 2017Yes. We liberals were just laughing the attack off, you simpleton dolt.  Crutnacker (@Crutnacker) June 4, 2017Quite the contrary, dt has NO CLUE on how to respond approximately. The fake and clueless prez. Sad  Ren Ram (@MarcProust) June 4, 2017Political correctness doesn t cause terror. Interventionist policies + radical Wahhabism from Saudis and rest of Gulf do.  FVR (@fightingvoice) June 4, 2017And also why all the golf?  SMD (@seanmfdineen) June 4, 2017He had a 30-day plan to defeat ISIS. When is the parade, you inbred plastic shoehorn?  Witchfinder General (@Pedro_Loves_U) June 4, 2017Oh we understand Louie, @GOP wins by fear mongering and you are major Texass.  Tom Richards (@4politics2) June 4, 2017 Our Potus is only distracted by his own vices. You ought to be thrown out of office What has happened to Texans that they would elect you.  JACarver (@YancyCt) June 4, 2017Crawl back under your rock Louie.  Paul Henry (@paulndor) June 4, 2017You are an idiot  jlockett (@JLickett) June 4, 2017You are a human fart.  TH (@THVotes) June 4, 2017Glad he takes this serious enough to take in 2 full days of golfing. Meanwhile no head of FEMA or FBI director to replace one he fired  jimmi phoenix (@Phillies_chants) June 4, 2017Yep. How Gohmert got elected at all is a mystery. Having his head so far up Trump s ass is just the latest in his long, sad string of completely moronic moves. But what can we expect from someone who can t see the forest for the trees and refuses to even try?Featured image by Mark Wilson via Getty Images",0
1277, Gabby Giffords Drops Mic On Trump After He Exploits London Attacks To Push Pro-Gun Agenda,"Former Rep. Gabby Giffords was not about to let Donald Trump get away with exploiting the recent terror attacks in London to push his pro-gun agenda. The Arizona Democrat dropped the mic on Trump with just one tweet.  Every day is a gun debate,  she informed him. Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That s because they used knives and a truck!  Trump tweeted in regards to the attacks that took place in London over the weekend. Although seven people lost their lives and 50 more were wounded, Trump was more concerned with using the tragedy to push his pro-gun agenda.Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That s because they used knives and a truck!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 4, 2017Giffords, who was herself a victim of gun violence, was not in the mood for Trump s bullsh*t. Mr. President, every day we are having a gun debate because every day 90 people in our country die from gun violence. Many of them are kids,  Giffords tweeted back to Trump.Mr. President, every day we are having a gun debate because every day 90 people in our country die from gun violence. Many of them are kids. https://t.co/Pv6z2ILKl1  Gabrielle Giffords (@GabbyGiffords) June 4, 2017Giffords became an advocate for the prevention of gun violence after she was shot and severely injured in a supermarket parking lot while meeting with constituents. Six others were fatally shot that day. She and her husband, astronaut Mark Kelly, founded Americans for Responsible Solutions, a nonprofit that seeks to prevent gun violence.Trump is not only a Republican, but he is also easily bought. He bows to the highest bidder and when it comes to guns, that would be the National Rifle Association. So it isn t surprising that he is pro-gun. But to exploit a terror attack just one day afterward, while the grief is still raw and the city of London is still reeling, is low even for Trump and the NRA.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
1278," John Cleese NAILS Stupidity Of Trump’s London Tweets, Trump Fan Responds And Humiliates Himself","Monty Python s John Cleese owned two idiots on Sunday. One of them was Donald Trump. The other was a Trump supporter. And it was hilarious.On Saturday, terrorists struck in London and killed seven people. So, of course, Trump responded by posting divisive and fear mongering messages on Twitter in order to push for his pro-gun agenda and his travel ban.We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 3, 2017We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don t get smart it will only get worse  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 4, 2017At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is  no reason to be alarmed!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 4, 2017Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That s because they used knives and a truck!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 4, 2017That s right. Trump actually used this tragedy to push his own agenda and then had the gall to attack London s mayor as the city continues to deal with the aftermath.Well, legendary actor and comedian John Cleese responded to Trump this afternoon by calling out Trump s stupidity.Seeing Trump s recent London tweet reminds me of the 9th Beatitude : Blessed are the stupid, for their confidence makes them so easy to spot  John Cleese (@JohnCleese) June 4, 2017And shortly after Cleese posted, a confident Trump fan made his point for him for the whole world to see.You re wrong. He s right.  Adrian Wachowiak (@nurniflowenola) June 4, 2017It didn t take long for Cleese to proceed with the public humiliation.Thank you for explaining it so wellSorry for my mistake !!Seriously Re-read what I said. It s about you https://t.co/k07KpFqtbz  John Cleese (@JohnCleese) June 4, 2017Once again, John Cleese runs circles around Trump and his pathetically ignorant supporters.Featured image via Molly Riley-Pool/Getty Images",0
1279," Nancy Pelosi Reacts To London Attack, Shows Trump How It’s Supposed To Be Done (DETAILS)","Donald Trump has been in office for several months now, and he still hasn t figured out the proper way to respond to a terrorist attack. Trump demonstrated his idiocy to the world earlier this week when he responded to the terrorist attack in London by using the tragedy as an opportunity to promote his Muslim travel ban.Trump got blasted on social media for his disgusting, insensitive response   but top Democrat Nancy Pelosi found the perfect way to slam Trump   by actually showing him how he SHOULD HAVE responded. Unlike Trump, Pelosi didn t blame London s Mayor or use it to promote any agenda. Her response was completely presidential and serves as a perfect example of how Trump should behave while completely humiliating him at the same time.In a beautiful statement of solidarity, Pelosi said: Today, the American people stand in solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom, and share in the shock and outrage of this brutal attack. We send our thoughts and prayers to the fallen, the injured and those still waiting for news of their loved ones. Terrorists will not succeed in dimming the strength and spirit of the people of the United Kingdom. Last night s vile attack   the third act of terror to target the United Kingdom in three months   was met with courage and resilience from first responders and from civilian heroes who refused to be intimidated by violence and hatred. And unlike Trump, Pelosi reached out to our allies to send a message of unity instead of divisiveness: The United States will continue to proudly work side-by-side with the U.K. to defeat terrorist threats and defend the security of all peace-loving people. May the people of the United Kingdom find solace in knowing that the American people stand with them during this difficult time. Hopefully, Trump will see Pelosi s response and a light bulb will go off in his head, but we all know he s incapable of learning from his mistakes so that s not going to happen.Pelosi s response is the kind of reaction that we d come to expect from our leaders, especially after having eight amazing years under former President Barack Obama. Unfortunately, we ve gone in quite the opposite direction under Trump. Every time there is an incident, Trump further humiliates America and insults the world with his response.Featured image via Alex Wong and Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1280, ‘Just Stop’: Megyn Kelly Gets Dragged Around The Internet For Saying Putin Is A Swell Guy,"Considering the field that Megyn Kelly is in, one would think she would be critical of Russian President Vladimir Putin. On the other hand, his critics are often murdered, especially journalists. Conservatives don t seem to have a problem with the Russian leader, often times during former President Barack Obama s time in office, they praised Putin while slamming Trump s predecessor. Donald Trump has repeatedly praised Putin, even to the point of defending the Russian President for murdering journalists. Trump did that at least twice.Kelly, the former Fox News host who is not besties with Trump, said that Putin was  very personable  when the cameras were off during her exclusive interview on NBC News with the Russian leader..@megynkelly: Vladimir Putin was  very personable  when the cameras were off https://t.co/1iV3WKNgLC pic.twitter.com/TbNhjDzDDd  TODAY (@TODAYshow) June 4, 2017Twitter users questioned Kelly s praise of the murderous thug. I m glad an autocratic murdering despot was nice to you, @megynkelly  cool beans ,  one Twitter user said.I m glad an autocratic murderering despot was nice to you, @megynkelly  cool beans  Por Sum Zingis On Me (@edrhew) June 4, 2017 Thugs can be personable. Focus, Blondie,  another Twitter user wrote.Thugs can be personable. Focus, Blondie. ???  Trina (@RedVinoPlease) June 4, 2017 So is Satan. So is Satan  Donovan Burnett (@DBurnettShow) June 4, 2017 Stop normalizing him. Putin is a murderer ! His personality is fake . This is one of the most ridiculous tweets I've read in a long time . Stop normalizing him !  P. Jeanne DiJoseph (@PJeannie) June 4, 2017 Just stop. Megyn, just stop. You're ridiculous. pic.twitter.com/KpiVYj98xY  banegirl (@TheRealBaneGirl) June 4, 2017 What a gullible headline. I'm sure, he's running the largest, most sophisticated propaganda machine on Earth. What a gullible headline.  Emily Timm (@timm_emily) June 4, 2017 So was Ted Bundy. So was Ted Bundy.  Trenta Poppins  (@MaPoStormborn) June 4, 2017 Embarrassing. This is just embarrassing.  Dawn McCallan (@DawnMacc) June 4, 2017How personable?How personable? Like locker room Trump personable? Or like Lucifer, Dark Lord of the Netherworld personable? ???  Jr A. (@Skitzo72) June 4, 2017Such a  charming fellow  that Putin is.Malaysia airliner shot down Ukraine.Yeah Megyn, Putin is a charming fellow. pic.twitter.com/wTCRUirb1D  Stephen James (@JSCveritas) June 4, 2017 a disgrace. It's a disgrace that you act like this murderous enemy of civil society is just some nice guy you had to tea.  Salome Strangelove (@salstrange) June 4, 2017 Murderers and criminals. So are a lot of murderers and criminals  ChristineP  (@christine13160) June 4, 2017 Nice job buddying up to a tyrant. Putin instilled his puppet as POTUS and frequently has his opponents murdered but what a charmer! Nice job buddying up to a tyrant, @NBC.  Eric Lane (@ericlane) June 4, 2017The added bonus is that he didn t murder anyone.Added bonus he didn't poison anyone.  RickChance (@Chancedefiant) June 4, 2017 A murderous dictator. Unm wow, so now we Are personalizing a murderous dictator? So much for journalistic integrity.  Dawn McCallan (@DawnMacc) June 4, 2017 So was Hitler. Yeah. So was Hitler  Reality (@foamie75) June 4, 2017Putin has a high body count.Says a former Fox mouthpiece about the leader of a hostile foreign country whose opposition leaders and journalists KEEP ENDING UP DEAD. ?  DisceAutDiscede (@disceautdisced1) June 4, 2017So personable. Unless you are a journalist or a govt dissenter. Then you need to avoid eating anything and balconies.  #CovertCovfefe (@johnnymags) June 4, 2017Putin tried to defend his earlier remarks to Kelly in which he claimed that  patriotic  hackers could have interfered in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.Putin insisted that the hackers could have come from  anywhere  and then they could have shifted the blame to make it look like Russia was behind the hacking.Trump, Russia s pick for president, openly called for Russians to hack Hillary Clinton s email account.  I will tell you this, Russia: If you re listening, I hope you re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing,  Trump said at a news conference in Florida at the time.  I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press. We re sure it s all just a coinky dink, though.Featured image via screen capture",0
1281, CNN’s Reza Aslan Just Tore Into Trump’s Bigotry Big League; It’s GLORIOUS (TWEETS),"CNN s Reza Aslan is a world renowned author and religious scholar. Therefore, he really is way above Donald Trump on the scale of intellect. That makes what he had to say about the orange fool currently occupying the White House even more awesome.On Saturday night, after the news of the terror attacks in London broke, Trump, of course, used it as a reason to call for the courts to let him implement his Muslim ban. Aslan, who is of Middle Eastern descent and practices the Islamic faith, of course had to weigh in. He did it via Trump s favorite platform, Twitter, and it was nothing short of beautiful.This piece of shit is not just an embarrassment to America and a stain on the presidency. He's an embarrassment to humankind. https://t.co/Dl5tMQMhMO  Reza Aslan (@rezaaslan) June 3, 2017Aslan also went on to mock Trump when the official NBC Nightly News account refused to replay Trump s tweets on the London attacks:Translation: the president is a man baby that must be ignored in times of crisis. https://t.co/Kv1hIC7hEG  Reza Aslan (@rezaaslan) June 3, 2017Aslan is correct, of course. Donald Trump is an embarrassment. Not just to us. But to the entire species. We cannot pretend that his behavior is normal. We cannot pretend that banning people based upon religion and nationality is normal. We cannot pretend that having THREE white supremacists   Stephen K. Bannon, Stephen Miller, and Sebastian Gorka   working in the White House is normal.No, NONE of this is normal, and none of it is okay. The very fundamentals of this entire administration are completely un-American, and every time this bigoted, incompetent, man-baby  president  does something outrageous, we need to call it out.After all, the best weapon this White House has is the normalization of Donald Trump as president. If we do not allow that to happen, then we just might make it through this with out democracy in tact.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images.",0
1282, London Mayor Just Told Trump To F*ck Off In The Most Spectacular Way,"After the Paris Accord, the United States under Donald Trump is generally seen as the baby in a high chair that s been pulled up to the table at which the adults are sitting   and leaders are more and more willing to openly express that sentiment because at this point any hope that Trump would prove naysayers wrong is out the window at this point.On Sunday, The Donald continued his attempts to harness the London Bridge attack to promote his agenda. While at one point this would have led to condemnation of his words, London s Mayor showed the world that it s time to just stop taking him seriously at all. At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is  no reason to be alarmed!  Trump tweeted, attacking the mayor entirely out of context.At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is ""no reason to be alarmed!""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 4, 2017Trump didn t mention this, but he was referencing a BBC interview in which Khan explained that he has expanded police presence in the wake of the attack and that citizens should not be alarmed if they see more people in uniforms than normal. Londoners will see an increased police presence today and over the course of the next few days,  Khan told the interviewer.  There s no reason to be alarmed. One of the things the police and all of us need to do is ensure that we re as safe as we possibly can be. He added that London  will never let the terrorists win. While only Donald Trump would have an issue with the Mayor letting citizens know not to be alarmed by increased police presence, at this point people just don t give a f*ck what he has to say.In a statement related to the attack, the Mayor (through a spokesman) hit Trump hard by telling him he s just not that important:Spokesperson for London Mayor Sadiq Khan: ""He has more important things to do than respond to Donald Trump's ill-informed tweet"" pic.twitter.com/Vqpi3gOaTH  NBC News (@NBCNews) June 4, 2017 The Mayor is busy working with the police, emergency services, and the government to coordinate the response to this horrific and cowardly terrorist attack and provide leadership and reassurance to Londoners and visitors to our city,  the statement reads.  He has more important things to do than respond to Donald Trump s ill-informed tweet that deliberately takes out of context his remarks urging Londoners not to be alarmed when they saw more police   including armed officers   on the streets. This is the second time in a 24 hour period that Trump was not taken seriously. After he tweeted a Drudge Report article, NBC refused to relay Trump s ill-informed and reactionist bullsh*t:Pres. Trump has used Twitter to share news report on London incident.We aren't relaying president's retweet, as the info is unconfirmed.  NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) June 3, 2017If you thought that in your lifetime there would never be a time when the President of the United States is considered such a joke that he is to be ignored, you were wrong.Featured image via screengrab",0
1283," ‘F**ck Them All’: Alec Baldwin Breaks Ranks, Goes To Bat For Kathy Griffin","This week, comedian Kathy Griffin s world got turned upside down over a photo in which she held up a bloody beheaded likeness of Donald Trump. Since then, Griffin has lost her longtime gig hosting CNN s New Year s Eve Special with her friend Anderson Cooper, been uninvited from an event with Senator Al Franken, and lost jobs in at least five venues. All over one miscalculation.She has faced criticism from both the left and the right, and people who have long considered themselves her friends and allies are distancing themselves from her so as not to get the stench of the public s rage all over them   likely at the urging of publicists who are wringing their hands behind the scenes. However, there is one person who is standing by Kathy Griffin: fellow actor and comedian Alec Baldwin. On Saturday, Baldwin went on an absolutely epic tweetstorm defending Griffin:Now, I am in no way condoning the depiction of a sitting president in such a way   even one who I loathe as much as Trump. Hell, I don t feel like Trump is any sort of president at all, and say so openly on a regular basis. The thing is, though, there s a double standard here. President Obama was regularly depicted with nooses and all sorts of vile, violent images during his eight years in office. Some of the people who participated in that are famous, too, such as Ted Nugent. To that end, why the backlash and career-ending furor for Kathy Griffin, but not for for Ted Nugent?And he is just one example. There have even been elected GOP representatives to participate in violent rhetoric regarding President Obama and former Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. Considering the job that they have, shouldn t they be held to a higher standard?In short, was what Griffin did way over the line? You bet. But should it end her career   especially when so many others have gotten away with way worse? Absolutely not. Alec Baldwin is right. Kathy Griffin made a mistake, she apologized for it, it s time to move on, folks.As for the cowardly employers and friends turning their backs on her   Baldwin is right. Fuck  em all. It s in one s time of need when one knows who her real friends are.Featured image via D Dipasupil/Getty Images",0
1284, Trump Immediately Politicizes London Tragedy On Twitter In A New Low Even For Him,"Here s a new low for America: During the unfolding tragedy in England, NBC announced that it would not be displaying the messages of Donald Trump, the President of the United States, because his tweets were spreading potential lies.Pres. Trump has used Twitter to share news report on London incident.We aren't relaying president's retweet, as the info is unconfirmed.  NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) June 3, 2017Trump decided the minutes after a possible terror incident in London would be a good time to retweet fear-mongering speculation from the right-wing conspiracy site Drudge Report. His action may have done one of two equally disgusting things: He either amplified the terror being spread by a terror attack (thereby doing the work of the terrorist) or he spread misinformation and rumors thereby needlessly scaring people because of his eagerness to exploit a tragedy.Either way, people were appalled.But Trump wasn t done.Rather than wait for the facts to come in, Trump immediately seized on the moment to renew his push for a Muslim ban in the United States. British officials hadn t even confirmed the number of dead and wounded, and Trump was busy using the tragedy to promote his own bigoted policies an ocean away. It would take him three tweets before he got around to expressing concern for the victims.Trump has been increasingly relying on unreliable right-wing conspiracy sites to get his information. As president, he regularly receives extremely detailed information about world events from experts in the intelligence community, but his animosity towards the officials in the FBI and CIA, and his general dislike of reading makes him often ignore the valuable intel. Instead, he chooses to get his information from Drudge, Fox News, and InfoWars. The right-wing media sites are notoriously unscrupulous. InfoWars, for example, endorsed the theory that the Sandy Hook school shooting was staged by Obama as a pretext to taking people s guns. Drudge routinely gets facts wrong in its rush to promote fear and intolerance in its extremely right-wing audience.Two hours later, Trump finally deleted the Drudge Report tweet   which puts him in an awkward position because it technically violates federal law to do so. His advisers might want to tell him that the best way to avoid that is by not spreading Drudge Report tweets in the first place.Briefed by top National Security officials in the nation.Retweets Drudge.UnRetweets it.Unpresidented. pic.twitter.com/LhKqmD0zn2  Karen DaltonBeninato (@kbeninato) June 3, 2017Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1285, Mexico Makes Toilet Paper Great Again As Americans Can Now Wipe Their A**es With Trump,"Donald Trump is going to throw the mother of all temper tantrums when he learns about this.If you are sick and tired of Trump and you need a way to take out your frustrations, you ll be happy to know that Mexico has just the thing for you, and it s not only useful, you ll be helping people by purchasing it.Antonio Battaglia originally meant the idea to be just a joke but now it s catching on as a full-fledged product that is gaining in supply and demand.Battaglia is a corporate attorney and while he isn t giving up his day job, he will be involved in making sure the people of the world get his Trump toilet paper.That s right. You can now order toilet paper with Trump s name on it, and all while knowing that your purchase will help the people Trump hates the most: Immigrants. I felt the need and obligation of raising my hand against such dangerous nonsense that was putting at risk my country and people,  Battaglia told Newsweek.When Trump first announced his candidacy in 2015, he began by branding Mexico as a haven for murderers and rapists and promised to build a useless expensive wall to keep them out of the United States.Trump effort to build his wall has stalled out, but his assault on immigrants continues on as his deportation squads roam the nation looking for innocent immigrants to bully and persecute.Battaglia decided that his joke product could be put to better use as way to help immigrants in need. Once he won, we had to stop the fun approach and focus seriously on developing a product not based on a mockery but based on a response to an insult, based on helping migrants,  he said.Indeed, every time someone buys the Trump toilet paper 30 percent of the profits will go to non-profit organizations that help immigrants.So this is a good way for anti-Trump Americans to fight back against Trump s policies while also telling him what they think about him.The packaging even features a roll of toilet paper that looks like Trump and even mocks Trump s wall.And in another jab at Trump, Battaglia trademarked the word  trump  just for his products.Battaglia went on to say how much he appreciates the American people and how much he loves the United States.After all, he was brought to our country as a child and is a lawyer today because he was able to get an education here and return to Mexico to use his skills there. I am very grateful to U.S. people and feel strongly bounded to them,  Battaglia said. He hopes Americans will purchase the toilet paper to help them  overcome this daylight nightmare called Donald Trump. The operation is in the beginning stages but the toilet paper will soon be coming to a store near you. Be sure to get in line early, because Trump s popularity is so low that demand is sure to outpace supply.Featured Image: Facebook",0
1286," Trump Just Bailed On His Own Pittsburgh Not Paris Rally, The Reason Why Is Infuriating","This week, Donald Trump disappointed the entire world by pulling out of the Paris climate deal. It was a decision that was condemned by several world leaders, and marked yet another way that Trump had ruined America s standing as a global leader. To celebrate his horrible decision, Trump organized a  Pittsburgh not Paris  rally to celebrate America s exit from the deal. There was just one major problem   Trump blew it off.The Trump campaign had hyped up this event so much, and even organized it to be located right across the street from the White House   put Donnie wasn t there. He bailed, and decided to play golf instead. So much for being a dedicated POTUS and showing his dwindling number of supporters that he appreciates them, as his approval ratings continue to plummet to historic lows.The White House Press Pool told PoliticusUSA: After an uneventful ride along highways and byways toward Sterling, Virginia, motorcade pulled up to the Trump National Golf Club at 10:42 a.m.Motorcade split off and pool is now holding in a spectacular clubhouse overlooking indoor tennis courts. If any of Trump s supporters still think Trump cared about and appreciated them, this is a pretty rude awakening. When Trump s campaign announced the rally, it certainly sounded like Trump would actually be present. However, the event invitation was a little more cryptic. It said: As you know, the President has been under siege from the mainstream media and the Democrats, especially now that he put American jobs first by withdrawing from the Paris Accord. Therefore, we are organizing a group to demonstrate our support for President Trump and his fearless leadership. Either way, these Trump supporters expected Trump to be there, and he wasn t because he was playing golf   his main hobby when he wants to avoid doing his job. Trump must know that his presidency is doomed, because blowing off a rally full of supporters when his popularity is suffering is a bold move. To make matters worse, this rally couldn t have been more convenient   it was just across the street! And yet, Trump couldn t be bothered.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
1287," Look At All The Trump Supporters At The Rally Today, There Must Be Tens Of ‘Em! (IMAGES/VIDEO)","The Trump administration was going to show Democrats a thing or two by touting a  Pittsburgh, not Paris  rally which is taking place at a park across from the White House. Meanwhile, at cities across the U.S., thousands rallied in the  March for Truth . The exact numbers aren t in yet, by the way. Instead of attending the rally the Trump administration hyped, the former reality show star went to the Trump National Golf Club in Sterling, Virginia on Saturday morning, according to Business Insider.While Trump is at his golf club, the  Pittsburgh, not Paris  rally has kicked off with  dozens  of Trump supporters who gathered to express their support for Trump s decision to pull out of the landmark Paris Agreement.If the US completes the withdrawal process from the climate deal, it will join Nicaragua and Syria   the only other countries who have not signed the agreement.The Trump-Pence campaign announced a  Pittsburgh Not Paris Event for President Trump  on Saturday morning which was organized by the Fairfax County Republican Committee and the Republican Party of Virginia. The group asked those who planned to attend to  dress in your most patriotic, red, white, and blue outfit. Look at  em all. There must be tens of them.Looks likes today's pro Trump ""Pittsburgh not Paris"" Rally in Lafayette Park DC getting a bit spare attendance  pic.twitter.com/TaKhVX4C5R  Jeffrey Evan Gold (@jeffgoldesq) June 3, 2017Watch:This is the pro-Trump, anti-#ParisAgreement ""Pittsburgh not Paris"" rally outside the White House  pic.twitter.com/Gx7lfbgKfx  Alejandro Alvarez (@aletweetsnews) June 3, 2017Trump supporters are holding a ""Pittsburgh not Paris"" rally in Lafayette Park. The irony is thick as brie, and lost on them I fear.  George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) June 3, 2017Tonight Pittsburgh's City County Building joins 174 US cities & the rest of the world supporting the Paris Agreement pic.twitter.com/omEyICLrQk  bill peduto (@billpeduto) June 3, 2017Here s a side-by-side view of the events.March for Truth anti-#Trump rally in NYC via @MarchForTruth17 (left) and Pittsburgh, not Paris #Trump rally in DC via @edroso (far right). pic.twitter.com/pjXrhkeTTW  Jeffrey Guterman (@JeffreyGuterman) June 3, 2017Pro-Trump ""rally"" vs #MarchForTruth pic.twitter.com/v9rAFRDPO1  jordan ? (@JordanUhl) June 3, 2017We demand an independent commission. #MarchForTruth pic.twitter.com/kTI7IsY7I3  #MarchForTruth (@MarchForTruth17) June 3, 2017Chicago:#MarchForTruth #chicago pic.twitter.com/gDTLmikHqU  Archy Arch J (@ArchyArchJ) June 3, 2017.@MarchForTruth17 pic.twitter.com/erLI9wvzku  ?Jordan Jackson? (@NeoKremlinology) June 3, 2017Pittsburgh:Meanwhile in actual Pittsburgh  pic.twitter.com/FqYlvnQG9J  Cris (@crisrice) June 3, 2017In Raleigh, N.C., I took this picture today.This is a really bad sign for Trump and his scandal-plagued administration. The White House has been in panic mode trying to contain the damage from the Russia-Trump scandal so some officials felt the best way to do that would be to hold more rallies. Meanwhile, Trump s approval rating is plummeting with even some supporters of the alleged president finding out that they are  tired of all the winning  that they were promised.At the March for Truth rally in Raleigh, a registered Republican who described himself as  pro-life  and an evangelical, said that he was diagnosed with cancer. He said,  Thank God for Obamacare!  then he ripped his party to shreds while taking aim at Ted Cruz. At the end of his speech, the anti-Trump crowd was chanting,  Run for office, run for office!  The crowd was just so happy to witness Republican who isn t spineless.Photo by Ralph Freso via Getty Images",0
1288, Ben & Jerry Tell Us Why Pulling Out Of Paris Climate Deal Was The Right Move,"Ben and Jerry, the  ber liberal Vermont ice cream guys, are no fans of Donald Trump and in a blistering and sarcastic op-ed, they sarcastically explained how pulling out of the Paris climate treaty was the right thing to do.The op-ed, on their website, is tongue-in-cheek, but also bitter (a terrible suggestion for a Ben & Jerry s flavor). They talk about the jobs that will be lost:We hear China is ramping up their renewable energy production and it sure looks like a lot of work. Beijing alone plans to invest $360 billion in renewables by 2020, creating more than 13 million jobs. But jobs are work! Work is hard! It s so much easier to luxuriate in the status quo, driving our fossil-fuel-powered cars and enjoying our coal-created electricity like we always have.It s also quite personal for them. The cost of cocoa beans and vanilla will rise dramatically over the coming years.Then, there s the fact that we are one of only three countries who have chosen not to participate. That means we will no longer have a seat at the table and it means that for all intents and purposes, we can no longer call ourselves a superpower.Ben & Jerry go on to talk about the wonderful ocean views we ll all soon have:Who doesn t love oceanfront property? With runaway climate change melting glaciers and causing sea levels to rise at unprecedented rates, a whole lot more of us could be seeing waves from our bedroom windows. Sure, some folks might lose their homes and businesses, and our coastal cities could see devastating changes, but a whole lot of people will also be able to learn how to surf right in their backyards. Sounds like a fair tradeoff to us.They also look forward to the impending world crises, which make  life exciting. We can see it now:  13.1 Million US Homes Flooded   Boat Sales Surge,   World Refuses to Cooperate with US Foreign Policy, US Sulks Like Angsty Teenager,  and  Hundreds of Plants and Animals Now Extinct, US Says  We Never Liked Polar Bears Anyway. Then, there s the fact that the world is ready to take the reins, with or without us. We are the second largest emitter of greenhouse gasses and we are leaving it up to everyone else to clean up our messes.Featured image via theimpulsiovebuy/Flickr",0
1289, Inauguration Protesters Could Face Decades In Prison; This Is War Against The First Amendment,"As liberals are fighting over a picture posted by a self-professed D-List comedian and Bill Maher uttering the  N  word, Republicans are waging a serious attack on the First Amendment by attempting to silence our constitutional right to protest.As you may recall, on January 20th, millions of people took to the streets to protest the inauguration of Donald Trump. In Washington, D.C., 230 protesters were arrested after anarchists clashed with the police.Anti-Trump chants were occasionally drowned out by the thuds of sound grenades and smoke bombs.Left behind was broken glass from the windows of cafes, restaurants and banks. Declarations of resistance marked the walls and pavements:  Make racists afraid again,  and  F*ck Trump .Images of a limousine in flames later made it onto television screens and the front pages of news websites around the world.Source: Al JazeeraThe D.C. courts decided to throw the book at the protesters. 230 protesters and bystanders were initially charged with felony rioting, which carries a maximum sentence of 10 years and a $25,000 fine.On April 27th, though, the Superior Court of D.C. doubled down and now 212 of those defendants are facing up to 80 years in prison. Some of the defendants are journalists, who face up to 70 years, each. This, despite the fact that a lot of them seemed to have been swept up in the confusion and they had no warning to disperse or that tear gas and rubber bullets were coming their way.For (protester Olivia) Alsip, the ever-present weight of the charges has already taken a toll on her life.  I m pretty shocked by the impact it s had on my personal life,  she explains. It seems that innocent until proven guilty is a falsehood   all the way from the prosecution and police to the people who had previously supported me in my activism. It s hanging over my head the entire time, which makes it really challenging. It hinders your ability to plan your life. The bigger issue, of course, is the fact that the First Amendment seems to be under attack from all angles. Donald Trump has been staging a war on the media. A man who body slammed a journalist was just elected to Congress. Some states are legalizing murdering protesters with your car.While some of the protesters in D.C. were undoubtedly involved in rioting, the penalties are draconian and it seems the courts have no interest in figuring out who the guilty parties really were. What this will accomplish for the right is fear. People will be reluctant to express their opinions because they could be thrown in prison, or in some states, run over by a car.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images. ",0
1290, Sean Hannity Is Totally Butthurt Over This Onion Picture,"Sean Hannity is giddy and offended that finally, just like his Great Orange Leader, there s a bloody Sean Hannity joke picture out there, and he finally gets to share in the victim outrage.All of Hannity s righteous indignation is over an Onion (yes, the satire site) article with the headline,  Hundreds Of Miniature Sean Hannitys Burst From Roger Ailes  Corpse.  The picture is what really got under Hannity s thin yet completely abrasive skin. It should several of him, like in the movie  Alien  bursting from what looks like a white shirt.Hannity, the man who bled advertisers over a false murder accusation toward Hillary Clinton, was just appalled that his 15 year old daughter would see such a horrible picture.What is wrong with the left that they think these sorts of things are funny? https://t.co/sAxON5xxmh  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) June 1, 2017Personally, I don t think it s funny, but whatever. And if the picture really is that offensive, why is Hannity tweeting it?Here he is talking about the picture he doesn t want seen on his show:Hannity is EXTREMELY mad at @TheOnion pic.twitter.com/TLqahE4RRJ  Brendan Karet (@bad_takes) June 2, 2017There is one stark difference between this picture and the one earlier in the week by comedian Kathy Griffin. Hers depicted actual violence. The Onion picture was graphic, yes. It was also bloody, but Hannity (all of them) was depicted as alive and well.Still, Hannity didn t want to miss his ride on the victim train. He likes to play both sides: victim and victimizer. Just. Like. Trump.Now, as you may recall, a few news cycles ago, it was Hannity who was under fire for promoting a false conspiracy theory that Hillary Clinton murdered a Democratic National Committee staffer. Hannity is also just fine with Ted Nugent s actual death threats toward Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama.It looks like Hannity s career will survive, but the right, as they always do, will attempt to take down anyone who is a convenient distraction. As for The Onion, they re loving the publicity. I never would have seen the picture if it weren t for Hannity telling me about it, and I assume I m not in the minority.Featured image via Kevin Winter/Getty Images.",0
1291," Trump Holds ‘Pittsburgh, Not Paris’ Rally In D.C. After Being Told Pittsburgh Voted Hillary (VIDEO)","It s like something out of a dystopian novel: Having just abandoned America s leadership position in fighting climate change and realizing the move was deeply unpopular, Trump ordered a day of celebration   for himself. The event was titled  Pittsburgh, not Paris,  a reference to a line he used to justify pulling out of the Paris climate deal.President Donald Trump s campaign announced a  Pittsburgh, not Paris  rally across from the White House on Saturday to celebrate the United States  withdrawal from a global climate agreement.Here s the twist: Trump is holding it in Washington D.C. not Pittsburgh. Why? Because he s too scared to actually go to Pittsburgh and face the wrath of the people he just screwed over.Hours after invoking the  Pittsburgh, not Paris  line, the mayor of Pittsburgh made it abundantly clear that the city hates Trump and found it disgraceful that they used their city s name as a pretext to destroy the planet.The president may carry around a little map of the election results, but he clearly doesn t look at it very closely. Pittsburgh residents almost all voted against him. The industrial city is a steadfast Democratic stronghold. And in fact, one of the reasons it remains so Democratic is that it knows full well what happens when Republicans don t hold factories and companies to environmental standards.As Mayor Bill Peduto explained: Pittsburgh is the example. We were that city that China is like today where the smoke was so, filled the air so much, that the streetlights would stay on 24 hours. That legacy, and the willingness not to return to it, has led Pittsburgh and many other cities to announce that they will adhere to the environmental standards laid out by the Paris agreement   even if the president is too dim-witted to do so for the country-at-large. Mayor Peduto made his contempt for Trump s actions abundantly clear on CNN:Trump: I was elected to represent Pittsburgh, not ParisPittsburgh Mayor: We voted for Hillary Clinton with nearly 80% of the vote pic.twitter.com/X6TRCebnj6  The Situation Room (@CNNSitRoom) June 1, 2017Mayor Peduto s comments and the knowledge that Pittsburgh hates Trump may have led him to schedule his  Pittsburgh  rally in a park next to the White House. There he can prevent people who disagree with him from coming and booing. Like everything Trump does, it was about image. People booing would have been a much more accurate depiction of where the country stands on Trump s decision   everyone from policy experts to scientists to politicians to average Americans found Trump s bankrupting of America s role in fighting climate change to be disgusting and dangerous. Instead, like so many of these  campaign-style  rallies Trump holds, the thing will be one long exercise in vanity for the man who once claimed to be working  for the people. The symbolism of holding his anti-climate rally in the  swamp  of Washington D.C. is a bit on the nose.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1292," Ted Nugent Calls For Hillary’s Murder AGAIN, Conservatives Silent (VIDEO)","The Right has been in a frenzy over comedienne Kathy Griffin s distasteful piece of artwork featuring Donald Trump s decapitated head, causing many to remember a simpler time when someone could literally threaten the president repeatedly and get invited to the next president s Oval Office to hang out.Ted Nugent   a racist douchebag who sh*t his pants to dodge the draft and once adopted a minor child so he could legally have sex with her   has repeatedly threatened and called for the deaths of  President Obama and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton over the years as the Right defended his patriotic expressions of free speech that totally weren t threats at all.While one might expect Nugent to shut up long enough to allow the vipers on the Right to continue striking at Griffin for her distasteful work of art, Nugent isn t that smart. I ve never threatened to hang anybody. I ve never suggested anybody get hung, except the one time after Benghazi, I recommended that Hillary Clinton be charged, arrested, tried and hung,  the washed-up rocker said in an interview on Wednesday with far-Right radio host Ben Ferguson.  What she did as secretary of state was certainly treasonous, and I stand by that. Hillary Clinton, of course, did nothing treasonous during her time as secretary of state or during any other time   but Nugent s threats have been pretty graphic. We need to ride into that battlefield and chop their [the Obama administration s] heads off in November,  Nugent said of President Obama during the 2012 election.   If Barack Obama becomes the next president in November, again, I will either be dead or in jail by this time next year.  Nugent s post calling for the government to be  cleansed  of Obama and Hillary with the help of Mr. Noose is still live:(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Our unholy rotten soulless criminal America destroying government killed 4 Americans in Banghazi. Period! What sort of Posted by Ted Nugent on Wednesday, January 20, 2016Trump, who expects us to believe that his 11-year-old son and possibly some of his other children can t tell the difference between a highly unrealistic mockup of his head, says that his children  are having a hard time with  Griffin s rather unfortunate joke   but when Nugent actually made threats, here s what he said:Ted Nugent was obviously using a figure of speech, unfortunate as it was. It just shows the anger people have towards @BarackObama.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 19, 2012It s interesting that Trump and company were perfectly fine with actual threats, but can t take a joke.Fortunately, we may not have to deal with their bullsh*t for much longer if our elected officials do their jobs.Though Ted Nugent once again renewed his call for Hillary Clinton s murder, the Right only has the sound of tiny crickets chirping away to offer.Listen to Nugent s interview below:Featured image via screengrab",0
1293," White House Admits How Trump Made Paris Deal Decision, It’s Really Disturbing (VIDEO)","Donald Trump s disastrous decision to take the United States out of the Paris climate deal was met with loads of criticism, as this will have devastating consequences for the entire planet.As several world leaders have already openly condemned Trump s decision, the backlash is about to get a whole lot worse once every finds out just what motivated Trump to reach this decision. According to EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt, Trump made this decision based on one thing only, simplifying a complex matter to a kindergartener s level of reasoning: whether it was  good or bad.  Pruitt told reporters at a press briefing: The discussions that the president and I have had over the last several weeks have been focused on one key issue. Is Paris good or bad for this country? The President and I focused our attentions there. He determined it was bad for this country, and hurt us economically. It didn t achieve good environmental outcomes, and he made the decision to reject the Paris deal. We all knew Trump had the temperament of a child, but apparently, his decision-making process is just as bad. Trump has no idea what the hell he s doing, and so he looks to others to give him over-simplified answers to serious issues that will have a massive impact on our world. Such matters shouldn t require a yes/no, good/bad answer. They must be examined and carefully thought out   which Trump clearly has not taken the time to do.With this decision, Trump has solidified the fact that America will no longer be a global leader, as other countries shun the United States thanks to its incompetent, orange dictator. Trump has proven that the only thing he is capable of is ruining things. He s been extremely successful in devastating America, so now he is taking on the planet.You can watch the White House report on Trump s childlike decision-making process below:Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
1294, Lawmakers Want Answers About Jared Kushner’s HUGE Debt And Meeting With Russian Banker,"Don t we all owe $1.3 billion in loans, then meet with a Russian banker but totally do not discuss finances even though we re up to your necks in debt? Well, that happened to Donald Trump s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, too, and Congressional investigators want answers. Investigators want to determine whether the amateur president s son-in-law was vulnerable to Russian influence during and after the campaign because of financial stress facing his family firm s signature real estate holding   a Manhattan skyscraper, ABC News reports.Before the election, Trump s mounting conflicts of interest disturbed many of us, but Republicans said it was no problem to put a an alleged billionaire who won t release his taxes at the helm. So, here we are.Officials told ABC News that the investigators are particularly interested in a December meeting Kushner held with executives from a Russian bank. It s very peculiar that of all the people he could be talking to in a transition period where you ve got lots of balls in the air, that you end up talking to a Russian banker who is under sanction and who is related to Putin and has a KGB background,  said Rep. Jackie Speier (CA-D), who sits on the House Intelligence Committee.  I think the question has to be asked, was this about you trying to get financing for your troubled real estate that you have in New York City? Who amongst us has not held meetings with Russian bankers? Let them cast the first stone, k?ABC News reports:The timing of Kushner s December meeting with executives from VneshEconomBank, or VEB, at the suggestion of the Russian ambassador, has also raised concerns from government watchdog groups across the political spectrum.Peter Schweizer, president of the Government Accountability Institute, (which was founded by Trump adviser Stephen Bannon and funded in part by a Trump mega-donor, Rebekah Mercer), said the meeting  had conflict of interest written all over it. (my bold, because damn) You worry about a quid pro quo, you worry about Kushner getting some financial arrangement from a Russian financial institution, and you worry about White House policy being shaped in a way that benefits either those banks or Russia at large,  Schweizer said.  That s the concern. Hey, and that comes from a group founded by President Bannon and is partly funded by the Mercers. It s almost as if Kushner is considered collateral damage at this point.ABC News anchor George Stephanopoulos asked White House counselor Kellyanne Conway on Friday to explain Kushner s meeting with Gorkov (by the way, Kushner also met with Sergey Kislyak, but we ll get into that in a bit), but she repeatedly refused to do so.  Jared has said that he s willing to go and share whatever information he has,  Conway said.  He actually has made that clear for many months now, and he looks forward to doing that. Jared owes a bigly amount of money and it s due in just a couple of years:Real estate analysts told ABC News that Jared Kushner s first major acquisition, a Fifth Avenue office tower signifying his family s move from New Jersey into Manhattan real estate, is shouldering a $1.3 billion in loans coming due in two years, and it is not bringing in sufficient rental income. An attempt by Kushner to broker a deal with a Chinese company to refinance and redevelop the building fell through shortly after the election.Thomas Fink, a senior vice president at the firm Trepp, which analyzes commercial real estate, described the Kushner firm as being unable to write a $1.3 billion dollar check. I don t think they have a billion plus in the bank to just write a check to pay off the mortgage,  Fink said.  Potentially they could sell the building, but you know, what will someone pay for it  that remains to be seen. The Russian state-owned bank and the White House have different explanations for Kushner s secret meeting during Trump s transition period.Multiple U.S. officials told NBC News that the FBI and Congress are examining a campaign event last spring during which Donald Trump, Jeff Sessions and Jared Kushner were in a small gathering with Russian Ambassador to the U.S. Sergey Kislyak and other diplomats at Washington s Mayflower Hotel.It seems like everyone in the Trump administration has secretly met with Kislyak, a known Russian spy recruiter. Again, that s totally not suspicious. Haven t we all met Kislyak, an oversized Russian, then forgot about that covert meeting?Stuff you can t make up: The address of Kushner s building is 666 Fifth Avenue. The orb, the sinkhole, and now the 666 building. Lol.Photo by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images.",0
1295, Ivanka Trump Gets RAILED For Daring To Claim She Supports LGBTQ Community While Her Bigoted Dad Is In Office,"If Ivanka Trump really cares about the LGBTQ community she would not have supported her dad in the 2016 Election.But she did, and that means any show of support she makes is meaningless.Tone deaf as usual, Ivanka still posted a couple tweets on Thursday night in a weak effort to  honor  LGBTQ Americans.Logging back on after Shavuot, wishing everyone a joyful #Pride2017. This month we celebrate and honor the #LGBTQ community.  Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) June 2, 2017And in order to prove her support, she claimed that she has LGBTQ friends.I am proud to support my LGBTQ friends and the LGBTQ Americans who have made immense contributions to our society and economy.  Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) June 2, 2017It s kinda like when a racist Republican claims they are not racist because they claim to have black friends.Again, Ivanka supported her dad for president despite the fact that he picked anti-gay conservative Mike Pence as his vice-president. And let s not forget that Trump s Education Secretary Betsy DeVos is also virulently anti-gay as are many other Trump officials.The fact is that Trump s administration represents the single greatest threat to the lives and freedom of LGBTQ Americans. And that s exactly why Twitter users handed Ivanka her ass for daring to claim she supports them.Then why d you support anti-gay Mike Pence?  mrs panstreppon (@mrspanstreppon) June 2, 2017Like you can t just say how progressive you are and be employed by those who are advocating for the exact opposite things.  Gabe (@bdylan234) June 2, 2017Is it me? Or is @IvankaTrump vying for the  most tone-deaf out-of-touch individual who ever lived  award?  (((Denise A Rubin))) (@DeniseARubin) June 2, 2017You openly supported and campaigned for the most anti-LGBTQ+ presidential ticket in recent times. Your words mean nothing to us.  Jordan (@jordansdiamonds) June 2, 2017Support for Gay conversion therapy programs was outlined in the RNC platform  Chris Rackley (@rackstein12) June 2, 2017Name literally one LGBTQ friend.  Chris Rollins (@chrisrollins_) June 2, 2017Your dad is reversing the rights for this beautiful group of humans. You ok with that?  christina applegate (@1capplegate) June 2, 2017Bitchhhch please https://t.co/PFnPOoVTVv pic.twitter.com/eE3yWA2PD5  LifeIsBeautiful (@daisyrubinsmom) June 2, 2017ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER THAN WORDS  Tyler #ChosenFamily (@tyleroakley) June 2, 2017I m sorry, but if you had any LGBTQ friends before your father got into office, I suspect a vanishingly small proportion are still there.  Tom Coates (@tomcoates) June 2, 2017You send out two tweets about #Pride2017 and your father didn t send out a single one!!! He doesn t care about LGBT people! FUCK HIM!  Perez (@ThePerezHilton) June 2, 2017Not only did he not tweet about #Pride2017, he also removed White House Pride celebrations this month. I miss Obama ?? pic.twitter.com/OzvYjd0p5n  Priscilla Wagner (@_CillaW) June 2, 2017Hi Ivanka, your father rolled back protections for transgender students. https://t.co/eTurrss8re  Matt Ortega (@MattOrtega) June 2, 2017Where were you on this?LGBT Advocates Say Trump s New Executive Order Makes Them Vulnerable to Discrimination https://t.co/y0Z7gK5bD7  Matt Ortega (@MattOrtega) June 2, 2017Just like when Ivanka claims to support women, she is once again being a hypocrite who says one thing while supporting the man who is making their lives a living hell. She is complicit as usual.Featured Image: Sean Gallup/Getty Images",0
1296, White House Sinks To New Lows Of Obstruction; Orders Every Agency To Ignore Democrats’ Oversight Requests,"The White House is beginning to panic. At least that s the most logical conclusion from their latest jaw-dropping move. In an order that s pretty much unprecedented (wouldn t it be nice if we had just one day without something unprecedented coming from this White House?), the Trump White House has told various government departments that they are not to cooperate with Democrats period.Reportedly, this has been happening since Trump took office. They have formulated a policy that says that agencies are only allowed to respond to committee chairs. Republicans hold both houses of Congress, so every committee is chaired by a Republican.The declaration amounts to a new level of partisanship in Washington, where the president and his administration already feels besieged by media reports and attacks from Democrats. The idea, Republicans said, is to choke off the Democratic congressional minorities from gaining new information that could be used to attack the president. You have Republicans leading the House, the Senate and the White House,  a White House official said.  I don t think you d have the Democrats responding to every minority member request if they were in the same position. A White House spokeswoman said the policy of the administration is  to accommodate the requests of chairmen, regardless of their political party.  There are no Democratic chairmen, as Congress is controlled by Republicans.Source: PoliticoThe information blackout, at least according to White House officials, isn t toward every request from Democrats, just the requests from oversight committees. Whew, that should make us all feel so much better. It s only the agencies that are tagged with making sure laws are followed that are being hobbled.While Obama s White House didn t answer every request from Republicans (admittedly, many are meant to back the opposition into a corner), there was never an explicit policy.Now, of course, while the agencies are under the executive umbrella, they work for the office of the presidency, not for the president personally. For Trump, though, that seems to be far too nuanced a distinction. While agencies are legally free (and some would argue ethically obligated) to abide by oversight requests, even from the minority party, Trump has proven that he will fire anyone who steps out of line.This could certainly backfire, though. If Trump is still in office by the time midterms roll around, and if he keeps destroying the Republican Party, we could see a Democratic takeover of at least one house of Congress. That would give Democrats committee chairs. While the White House could still ignore Democrats  requests, there would be no way around the word  obstruction. Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
1297, Trump’s Ego Goes Into Overdrive As He Retweets Anyone Who Kisses His A** Over Withdrawal From Paris Climate Accord,"Donald Trump is so desperate to hear praise that he is retweeting anyone who congratulates him for withdrawing the United States from the Paris climate deal.In an effort to prevent and reverse climate change, the developing nations of the world came together in Paris, France and agreed to curb their carbon emissions.Trump, however, is a climate change denier. So he promised to pull America out of the deal and he did exactly that on Thursday. In order to fulfill my solemn duty to protect America and its citizens, the United States will withdraw from the Paris climate accord,  Trump announced.  We re getting out. And then he referred to himself in the third person and patted himself on the back. The Paris accord is a bad deal for Americans and the President s action today is keeping his campaign promise to put America first. The accord was negotiated poorly by the Obama administration out of desperation. Trump s decision has spurred outrage across the nation and around the globe as world leaders feel that the United States has betrayed them. One of the big reasons why the Paris Agreement became reality is because the United States led the way. Now America is retreating from that leadership role.However, Trump was only interested in hearing praise for his monumentally moronic decision, so he proceeded to retweet anyone who kissed his ass, including Lindsey Graham, Reince Priebus, and Kevin McCarthy.I support President Trump s desire to re-enter the Paris Accord after the agreement becomes a better deal for America and business.  Lindsey Graham (@LindseyGrahamSC) June 1, 2017Promise kept. @POTUS exits flawed #ParisAccord to seek better deal for U.S. workers & economy. This WH will always put #AmericaFirst.  Reince Priebus (@Reince45) June 1, 2017.@POTUS made the right call in leaving a deal that would have put an unnecessary burden on the United States. https://t.co/quc6hxAK2y  Kevin McCarthy (@GOPLeader) June 1, 2017President Trump did the right thing by withdrawing us from Paris treaty   it would hurt American companies and American workers  Rep. Jim Jordan (@Jim_Jordan) June 1, 2017Our President is choosing to put American jobs, American consumers, American energy, and American industry first. https://t.co/y2OpdTMDu7  Vice President Pence (@VP) June 1, 2017Wall Street hits record highs after Trump pulls out of Climate pact https://t.co/PDmwj13Lus  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) June 2, 2017But Trump s ass kissers are no match for his critics, especially The Weather Channel, which made epic changes on their website homepage to drive home just how bad Trump s decision is.The Weather Channel is really not happy with President Trump right now.Their homepage is popping off with climate change facts: pic.twitter.com/1ermhoYRKk  AJ+ (@ajplus) June 1, 2017.@weatherchannel is not playing around today. look at the homepage pic.twitter.com/bZX2JtlzMV  McKenna Blair (@macblairlife) June 1, 2017Make no mistake, Trump s decision might make big businesses happy in the short term, but we are all going to suffer the long term environmental consequences. And that is NOT something to celebrate.Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1298, France’s President Threw AWESOME Shade At Trump After He Pulled Us From Paris Agreement,"French President Emmanuel Macron wasted no time in condemning Trump for pulling the United States out of the Paris climate agreement. He signed a joint press release that included Italy and Germany saying the agreement will not be renegotiated, he blasted us later on his own during a press conference, and now he s throwing shade at Trump on Twitter.But Macron isn t just attacking Trump over the Paris agreement. He s also trolling Trump and his followers over their  Make America Great Again!  chant. What did he do? Check it out:pic.twitter.com/3g5LYO9Osj  Emmanuel Macron (@EmmanuelMacron) June 1, 2017In a way, Macron began trolling Trump when he was in Europe last week. During a meeting, where he and Trump shook hands, it became a white-knuckled affair from which Trump tried twice to escape. Later on, Macron flatly admitted that his side of the handshake wasn t innocent. It was to send Trump a subtle message that the world will not let him bully them into submission on anything.One White House staffer, however, has something else to say about Trump s pissing off our Western allies, and it s not good. In fact, it s patently disgusting:Pressure from leaders abroad also backfired. One senior White House official characterized disappointing European allies as  a secondary benefit  of Trump s decision to withdraw.Trump can t even correctly interpret a study from MIT that says, if all the signatories of the Paris agreement kept their pledges, global warming would slow by between. 0.6 degrees and 1.1 degrees Celsius by the year 2100. Trump, however, cited the study and claimed that it would only produce a 0.2 degree reduction in global temperature.MIT doesn t support Trump in his decision, either. Basically, nobody except people who are in love with and brainwashed by Donald Trump support his decision.Featured image by Aurelien Meunier via Getty Images",0
1299, Dan Rather: ‘We Haven’t Had A President This Psychologically Troubled’ In Decades (VIDEO),"Respected journalist Dan Rather appeared on The Last Word with Lawrence O Donnell Thursday night and he had some harsh words about Donald Trump. The former CBS newsman even questioned whether or not Trump is mentally sound, saying that  we haven t seen a president this psychologically troubled  in a very long time.While discussing Trump s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris Climate Agreement and the reaction of world leaders like French President Emmanuel Macron, (who trolled Trump without beautifully), Rather said what we witnessed today was  a momentous moment and a very ominous moment. The legendary reporter then explained that he has some serious questions about Trump s mental stability, especially after seeing his behavior while on his first trip abroad. He s mad. He has some rage. He s scared He just came back from this European trip, and he was angry with the leader of Germany, Ms. Merkel, and the new leader of France. So what you have here is a president who is lashing out in anger. We haven t had a president this psychologically troubled I m trying to use my language real carefully. We haven t had a president this psychologically troubled in this way since at least Richard Nixon. You can watch Dan Rather s interview here, via MSNBC: Featured image via video screen capture",0
1300, WH Aides: Trump Decided To Break Paris Deal After French President’s Handshake Embarrassed Him,"Trump s decision to pull America out of the Paris climate accord is being described by policy experts and scientists as nothing short of catastrophic. In a single day, Trump managed to blunder America into a mistake that will be as disastrously consequential as the Iraq War. And making matters worse, Trump s speech in the Rose Garden was bursting with lies. When it came down to it, Trump couldn t even find truthful justifications for why he was doing it   he had to fabricate them.So why did he really do it?A disturbing picture is emerging, but one that is so  on brand  for Trump that it seems not only plausible but probably true. For starters, when Trump kept teasing America with his decision it wasn t just because he treats his job like a reality tv show, it s because he is also incompetent and indecisive. This tweet wasn t just for drama   Trump seriously didn t know what his decision would be on an agreement that would have an impact on all life on planet earth until a few hours before he announced it to the world.I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord, Thursday at 3:00 P.M. The White House Rose Garden. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 1, 2017Just ask Fox News host, and noted non-scientist, Kimberly Guilfoyle, who said Trump called her this morning seeking advice on whether to stick with the Paris agreement or not. (Guilfoyle, a climate denier, told him to pull out of the agreement.)WATCH: Kimberly Guilfoyle says Trump called her this morning to seek her advice on the Paris agreement among other policy matters. pic.twitter.com/sZn4GwV0wH  Yashar Ali (@yashar) June 2, 2017But things only get sadder from here. Buried at the bottom of a lengthy dive into Trump s latest screw up, the Washington Post had this surreal tidbit:If he needed a nudge, though, one came from France over the weekend. Macron was quoted in a French journal talking about his white-knuckled handshake with Trump at their first meeting in Brussels, where the newly elected French president gripped Trump s hand tightly and would not let go for six long seconds in a show of alpha-male fortitude. Hearing smack-talk from the Frenchman 31 years his junior irritated and bewildered Trump, aides said.A few days later, Trump got his revenge.Trump has long pegged his identity on something as stupid as a handshake. He yanks, twists, and grips the hands of his victims in an attempt to dominate them. It s juvenile and pathetic, but unavoidable. Macron confirmed that he had prepared for Trump s handshake and went into it with the idea that he would not allow Trump to get away with it. With the tables turned, the awkward handshake went viral.Trump was described as seeking his  revenge  on Macron for the handshake incident by torching the climate deal. Trump s own comments seem to back this up. In his Rose Garden speech, Trump said he was doing this for  the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris    a not-so-subtle dig at France.The idea that Trump would reduce a crucial decision about the planet s future to an opportunity to take a dig at a person who had a stronger handshake than him is reprehensible   but largely in line with what observers of Trump s pettiness have long noted. When ego consumes every inch of your self-worth, you ll go to great lengths to protect it. Unfortunately for Americans, and that includes  citizens of Pittsburgh,  we are now heading down a path to ruin because of Trump s need to fuel his narcissism.Featured image via Dan Kitwood/Getty Images",0
1301," The Weather Channel Has Responded To Trump Withdrawing Us From The Paris Accord, And It Is GOLD","Today, Donald Trump yanked us out of the Paris climate agreement something we helped craft and onto which every country in the world but two signed and the backlash has been swift and harsh. He s lost two members of his business council; mayors of blue-collar cities like Pittsburgh have blasted him even though he claims to have done this for them; world leaders have blown up at us; and even The Weather Channel has jumped on Trump.The Weather Channel might be expected to do this because they re in the business of reporting and forecasting the weather, which is directly influenced by the climate. They also report on other natural events affected by the weather. So, to express their displeasure at Trump s completely idiotic move, they ve done this to their front page:Yeah. There isn t much we can add to that.The idiots who are crowing over this decision, who actually believe that this will  make America great again,  can t see past their own noses. They have no concept of how the world actually works outside their own bubbles. As such, they have no concept of how their pathetic bubbles are affected by things like climate change, and that ignorant and myopic view hurts us all.Utah Senator Mike Lee said  we don t want nations lecturing us,  like the petulant  you re not the boss of me  schoolchild who doesn t want to cooperate on anything. Rand Paul called it  unfair,  while Paul Ryan called it  a raw deal.  Ted Cruz said that the Paris deal would have cost us too much without acknowledging the fact that the U.S. literally just gave up its position as world leader, and that climate change will cost us far more than the Paris agreement ever could have.Meanwhile, world leaders are busy condemning us for Trump s stupidity. Danish Prime Minister Lars Rasmussen called it  a sad day,  while Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is  deeply disappointed that the United States federal government has decided to withdraw from the Paris agreement. Italy, France and Germany released a joint statement blasting Trump over the idea that he can pull us out and then remake the agreement into something far more to his liking: We deem the momentum generated in Paris in December 2015 irreversible and we firmly believe that the Paris Agreement cannot be renegotiated since it is a vital instrument for our planet, societies and economies. French President Emmanuel Macron yelled at us separately, too: I tell you firmly tonight: We will not renegotiate a less ambitious accord. There is no way. Don t be mistaken on climate; there is no plan B because there is no planet B. And Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel shredded Trump on Twitter over this decision:I condemn this brutal act against #ParisAccord @realDonaldTrump Leadership means fighting climate change together. Not forsaking commitment.  Charles Michel (@CharlesMichel) June 1, 2017Here at home, New York Governor Andrew Cuomo, Washington State Governor Jay Inslee and California Governor Jerry Brown announced that they re creating a United States Climate Alliance, in hopes that the states will abide by the Paris agreement in a direct  fuck you  to Donald Trump:If the administration won t #ActOnClimate, the states will.Proud to join @JerryBrownGov and @GovInslee to form the US Climate Alliance. pic.twitter.com/X6L5PiCZBw  Andrew Cuomo (@NYGovCuomo) June 1, 2017President Obama called it  absence of American leadership,  and said that the Trump administration has  [rejected] the future. In reference to Trump s disputed statement that he works for Pittsburgh, not Paris (Pittsburgh s mayor blasted him for that), Commander Scott Kelly, up on the International Space Station, had some harsh but true words for Trump, too:Withdrawing from the #ParisAgreement will be devastating to our planet. Paris and Pittsburgh share the same environment after all. pic.twitter.com/QNO5vHtmEF  Scott Kelly (@StationCDRKelly) June 1, 2017Tesla s Elon Musk and Disney s Bob Iger both announced that they re leaving Trump s presidential business council, and Musk is departing another council on which he served:Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.  Elon Musk (@elonmusk) June 1, 2017As a matter of principle, I ve resigned from the President s Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal.  Robert Iger (@RobertIger) June 1, 2017Even Goldman Sachs is upset about this! Their CEO, Lloyd Blankfein, tweeted for the very first time today, and shredded Trump over this decision too:Today s decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S. s leadership position in the world. #ParisAgreement  Lloyd Blankfein (@lloydblankfein) June 1, 2017Trump will not get his glory for this. It won t merely be delayed as we start seeing jobs pouring back into the country, or thousands of new jobs suddenly pop up in coal country as the coal companies realize they don t have to worry about the Paris agreement anymore. There will be no glory. And Republicans who scream about  American exceptionalism  no longer have justification to do so. The United States does not renege on its commitments except for when Donald Trump is in charge.Featured image by Olivier Douliery-Pool via Getty Images",0
1302, Pittsburgh Mayor Slaps Trump Down For Using Pittsburgh As A Reason To Destroy The Planet,"The mayor of Pittsburgh had a few choice words for Donald Trump after he used the city as a reason to abandon the Paris Climate Agreement. I was elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris,  Trump said in defense of his decision to destroy the planet. Apparently, he doesn t realize that Pittsburgh stands to lose just as much as Paris, or literally anywhere else on Earth for that matter.Mayor Bill Peduto was quick to respond to Trump s nonsense:The United States joins Syria, Nicaragua & Russia in deciding not to participate with world s Paris Agreement. It s now up to cities to lead  bill peduto (@billpeduto) June 1, 2017Fact: Hillary Clinton received 80% of the vote in Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh stands with the world & will follow Paris Agreement @HillaryClinton https://t.co/cibJyT7MAK  bill peduto (@billpeduto) June 1, 2017As the Mayor of Pittsburgh, I can assure you that we will follow the guidelines of the Paris Agreement for our people, our economy & future. https://t.co/3znXGTcd8C  bill peduto (@billpeduto) June 1, 2017Once again, Trump is simply incapable of comprehending even the most fundamental of concepts. But I suppose that is par for the course when you are talking about someone who never learned that science is real. A total of 194 countries are now part of the Paris deal. The U.S. joins only two other nations who have chosen not to sign on. And even among those, America is the only one to abstain for such absurd reasons. Syria was not part of the agreement because they have been trapped in a bloody civil way. Nicaragua, on the other hand, refused to be a part of the deal because they didn t think it went far enough.Nancy Patton Mills, chairman of the Allegheny County Democratic Committee, echoed Peduto.Statement From Chairwoman Mills: pic.twitter.com/vmJ2LZrqLS  ACDC (@AlleghenyDems) June 1, 2017And Anne Hidalgo, the mayor of Paris, joined in to let Trump knew where she stood as well.Once again @realDonaldTrump is wrong. #Paris & #Pittsburgh do stand together for the #ParisAgreement #Cities4Climate https://t.co/7HGQ4AQ9Rj  Anne Hidalgo (@Anne_Hidalgo) June 1, 2017Featured image via Sean Gallup/Getty Images",0
1303, Hannity Gets The ‘Snowflake’ Treatment After Melting Down Over Being Mocked In Satire Piece,"Sean Hannity needs a safe space because he can t take a joke.For months, the deplorable Fox News host who has been attacking a dead man named Seth Rich in defense of his good buddy Donald Trump has been referring to liberals as  snowflakes  because they are offended by the things Trump has done.Well, after months of using the term to attack liberals, Hannity committed hypocrisy by whining about an article published by The Onion, a well-known satire publication.Hannity posted the piece on Twitter complaining about how  the left think these sorts of things are funny. The article Hannity is complaining about features Roger Ailes  corpse and how a bunch of mini Sean Hannitys burst out of his body. You know, because Hannity is a parasitic nightmare.What is wrong with the left that they think these sorts of things are funny? https://t.co/sAxON5xxmh  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) June 1, 2017Again, this is satire. It s what The Onion does best. And they don t just make fun of conservatives either. They make fun of everyone and everything.But Hannity couldn t handle it because unlike liberals, he is a true snowflake and a hypocrite. And Twitter users mocked him to oblivion for it.It s simple: you remind the writer of a parasitic symbiote that fed on the corpse of the rapist who ran your soon-to-be-former network home  Charles Bramesco (@intothecrevasse) June 1, 2017Dude it s The Onion.  Steve Schreiber (@sschreiber13) June 1, 2017This is so offensive. The only recently fresh corpse Sean Hannity would ever desecrate belongs to Seth Rich.  Jon Bershad (@JonBershad) June 1, 2017Sean did you read their story about the dog speaking at a recent graduation ceremony? It s outrageous. https://t.co/U9lpvHUbKh  Ben K. (@benyankee) June 1, 2017Since when is @TheOnion part of the left? They lampoon stupidity. If they are lampooning you, find a mirror.  (((Ryan Wagman))) (@RAWagman) June 1, 2017What s really funny is all the traffic you re sending toward @TheOnion with this tweet. It s like you want to make them some money.  Joshua Guess (@JoshuaGuess) June 1, 2017I think it s hysterical, snowflake  Bradley Herring (@BEHdc) June 1, 2017Aw, snowflake Sean has been triggered by a satirical publication.  Drumpf Micropenis (@Dons_Angry_Inch) June 1, 2017You need a safe space?  Morty Heureuse (@BNick) June 1, 2017The fact that you don t know this is a parody website is so hilarious and shows how terrible your research  skills  really are.  Sam Geden (@KaisaJesta) June 1, 2017Once again, Sean Hannity just got his ass handed to him. Now we just need to wait for him to whine about that like the snowflake he is.Featured Image: Paul Zimmerman/Getty Images",0
1304," Joe Scarborough HUMILIATES Trump, Calls Him A Toddler Who Constantly Sh*ts His Pants","The Morning Joe panel couldn t contain their laughter this morning after Joe Scarborough made a hilarious observation about Donald Trump.Despite the fact that Trump is 70 years old, Scarborough couldn t help but compare Trump s behavior to that of a toddler.As the panel discussed Trump s  covfefe  boondoggle, Mika Brzezinski reminded Scarborough about something he said before the program. I think you said something before the show that really kind of summed it up,  she began.  Like a kid pooping their pants and then saying I meant to do that! Indeed, Trump s imaginary new word has been on top of the news for days now and even Sean Spicer was forced to defend it by saying that Trump meant to say it. Even dictionary publishers are having a hard time with it.And Scarborough s comparison was absolutely perfect. Yes, it would be like somebody pooping their pants and people looking at it saying,  That s modern art, don t you understand?  Scarborough said.  I am making a statement against Russian aggression in Crimea, and so this is my statement, and if you don t get it something s wrong with you and not me. The panelists couldn t contain their laughter, but Scarborough wasn t done yet. It s not enough that Trump is constantly shitting himself. He s also sitting in it and making everyone around him sit in it, too. I m going to make another statement and I m going to sit down in my pants, and it will then be modern art and I will hang it on your wall,  Scarborough continued.  That s what  covfefe,  if anybody wants to know, that small group knows what  covfefe  is   poopy pants. He does a verbal version of that every day, but it s not just him. Unfortunately now Donald Trump has people doing that rhetorically in their pants every day. Here s the video via VidMe.Donald Trump has been shitting himself every day since Election Day. He couldn t even stop shitting himself when he went abroad to the Middle East and Europe. He embarrassed America every day during that trip and then he came home and shit himself again. Trump is pathetic and he needs to be booted out of office along with anyone who supports him. Presidents should not be able to smear the red, white, and blue with shit and get away with it.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
1305, Trump Pisses Off Yet Another World Leader With His Latest Broken Campaign Promise (TWEET),"Donald Trump continues to find even more ways to fail and fall back on all of the ridiculous promises he made during his presidential campaign   all while managing to piss off the rest of the world and cut ties with America s allies.Trump proved himself even more incompetent on Thursday, when he broke another campaign promise by granting a six-month waiver for a law that would move the U.S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem. During his presidential campaign, Trump had sworn up and down that he would relocate the embassy  fair quickly  after he got into the White House and began his term. Like many of his other empty campaign promises, we are still waiting.According to the Associated Press: Trump was facing a Thursday deadline to renew the waiver or see the State Department lose half its funding for its overseas facilities. Presidents of both parties have renewed the waiver every six months for years. This could not have pissed off Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu more, especially right after Trump already disrespected the Middle Eastern country during his first trip overseas, when he outed Israel as the source for his intelligence leak to Russia. After Trump issued this waiver, Netanyahu expressed his disappointment in a statement that was posted to Twitter:Statement by the Prime Minister s Office pic.twitter.com/xP1FZ1vrZf  PM of Israel (@IsraeliPM) June 1, 2017Trump s presidency is turning out to be nothing like what his supporters and the Republican Party thought it would be. Even those who were against him are taken back by how awful it s actually turning out to be. He s only a few months into his first (and only) term, and already most of Trump s campaign promises have crumbled. Even the ones he s tried to follow through with have been massive failures. Can we really take three and a half more years of this?!Featured image via Sean Gallup / Getty Images",0
1306, WHOA: Trump Just Exempted His ENTIRE Senior Staff From White House Ethics Rules,"While the Trump administration is up to its collective neck in scandals, Donald Trump just exempted his entire senior staff from provisions of his own ethics rules, thus giving any conflicts of interest a pass. The ethics waivers total more than five times the number granted in the first four months of the Obama administration. This move follows an intense dispute between the White House and the Office of Government Ethics, which had been pushing the Trump administration to stop granting such waivers in secret, the New York Times reports.Trump s executive order on ethics has been waived at least 11 times since the administration came into power. Just before taking office, Trump signed an executive order seemingly in line with his  Drain the Swamp  rhetoric, to restrict the role of lobbyists in his administration. While that sounded good at the time, he s failing to keep that promise. In fact, he s filling swamp up to an unprecedented level of madness and corruption.The ethics waivers will now permit White House staffers to work on matters that could affect their former employers or clients or involve issues from which the aides would be normally be excluded because of past lobbying work, Politico reports.White House counselor Kellyanne Conway and Steve Bannon are included among those given an ethics pass.This is not normal:Chief White House strategist Steve Bannon also received a waiver to the rules as part of a blanket exemption for all White House appointees allowing them to communicate with the press. His reported discussions with former colleagues at the pro-Trump site Breitbart News, which Bannon chaired until last year, had raised red flags among ethics watchdogs.The swamp is taking over:The White House waived the rule for Trump energy policy adviser Michael Catanzaro, a former lobbyist for the oil and gas industry. He was given approval to work on  energy and environmental policy issues  including the Clean Power Plan, the Waters of the United States rule and other environmental regulations.Tax policy adviser Shahira Knight, a former Fidelity executive, was approved to deal with tax, retirement and financial services issues even though she d previously lobbied on those topics. The National Economic Council has been tasked with addressing issues relating to tax, retirement and financial services. The Administration has an interest in you working on matters in those areas due to your expertise and prior experience,  the waiver reads.White House economic aide Andrew Olmem was cleared to work on a variety of finance-related issues despite his lobbying for several big insurance companies and banks.What is Trump going to do next, sign an executive to pardon for himself and his administration from any past or future crimes? Or sign an executive order to disallow his own impeachment? We re not sure why some Trump supporters aren t catching on to the level of corruption in this administration. Seriously, Trump could eat a live puppy then wipe his mouth with its tail and his supporters would cheer him on.Photo by Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images.",0
1307, Is It Really Wise For The President To Be Giving Out His Personal Cellphone Number?,"Most of us tend to be quite selective about who we give our phone number to so you would instantly assume that the President of the United States would guard his personal cell number with a great deal of secrecy too. Well, apparently that isn t the case.In yet another break from convention, President Donald Trump has been handing out his personal cellphone number to world leaders, telling them to call him directly, raising security concerns in the White House. Even if it is just for conversations with other world leaders, it s still more than a little hypocritical of President Trump to be using a personal phone when he has spent a great deal of time and energy berating Hillary Clinton for using a private email server while she was Secretary of State, claiming the practice left her vulnerable when sending confidential information and leading to chants of  Lock her up!  from Trump supporters while on the presidential campaign.According to both former and current unnamed US officials, President Trump has urged the leaders of Mexico and Canada to call him on his personal number, however, only Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has taken him up on the offer. Furthermore, according to an unnamed French official, Trump also swapped phone numbers with Emmanuel Macron, President of France, when the two spoke immediately after Macron s victory earlier in May.Although it doesn t seem that crazy to think that world leaders might hit each other up on their cells, leader-to-leader calls generally follow a standard protocol. In the case of US Presidents, calls are usually placed on one of several secure phone lines, including those in the White House Situation Room, the Oval Office or the presidential limousine. According to national security experts, Trump using his cellphone for such calls puts him at an extremely high risk of being listened in on, particularly by foreign governments. If you are speaking on an open line, then it s an open line, meaning those who have the ability to monitor those conversations are doing so,  said Derek Chollet, a former Pentagon adviser and National Security Council official. If someone is trying to spy on you, then everything you re saying, you have to presume that others are listening to it. A perfect example of this practice was when Edward Snowden leaked that the US was monitoring German Chancellor Angela Merkel s cell in back in 2013, despite Germany being an American ally. If you are Macron or the leader of any country and you get the cellphone number of the president of the United States, it s reasonable to assume that they d hand it right over to their intel service,  said Ashley Deeks, a law professor at the University of Virginia and former assistant legal adviser for political-military affairs in the U.S. State Department.Giving your personal number out when you re a New York City real estate mogul is obviouslyly common practice, but Trump should probably find another way to make his deals now that he is President of the United States.Featured image via Brian Blanco/Getty Images",0
1308, Now Jared Kushner’s Uncle Is Also Using Trump To Sell Real Estate In China,"It wasn t even a month ago that a company run by the family of Jared Kushner, son-in-law of President Donald Trump, were conducting a presentation in a Beijing ballroom, where Kushner s sister was pitching a real estate project to wealthy Chinese investors that would make it easier to get US visas. Now it has emerged that another relative of Kushner is using his ties to the president in the hope of securing foreign property investors.The KRE Group, a real estate company run by Jared s uncle, Murray Kushner, pitched a Jersey City apartment project to Chinese investors, using images of Donald and Ivanka Trump, as well as Jared, in their presentation in an attempt to seal the deal.  Work hand-in-hand with Trump son-in-law Kushner,  said the pitch, telling attendees that if they invested $500,000, they could qualify for a U.S. resident visa through a program known as EB-5.The EB-5 visa allows rich foreigners to immigrate to the USA if they are willing to invest large amounts of money into US job-creating projects.Although neither KRE or Murray Kushner have officially commented on the presentation, one partner in the project, Dave Barry, pinned the blame on the Chinese marketing company they used, Noah Visa. However, Eric Yuan, manager and part owner of Noah Visa, didn t initially agree with Barry s side of the story, first denying the inclusion of the pictures of the Trumps and Kushner. When it became apparent that screenshots were available from the presentation, Yuan changed his tune and also tried to pass the blame. The media did that to push hot topics; we didn t do it,  he said in a phone conversation.  Jared has nothing to do with the project. Yuan also stated that Noah Visa no longer promotes the property, located at 235 Grand Street, and claimed that a further presentation scheduled for May 13 was canceled due to lack of interest. When informed of what Dave Barry had said, that the subcontract was ended because the promotion was misleading, Yuan simply hung up the phone.And to think that many republican voters said they wanted a businessman in the White House.Featured image via Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
1309, Hillary Just Showed The Whole World That She Can STILL Kick Trump’s A** (IMAGE),"Following Covfefe-gate, in which Trump made an absolute fool of himself and Spicer managed to make an even bigger fool of the whole White House, Trump decided to get back down to business by taking aim at a truly pressing issue   Hillary Clinton. Because of course he did. She gave an interview in which she discussed her electoral college loss, and because Trump can t do anything but attack his imaginary enemies, he took to Twitter to call her  Crooked Hillary  once again.However, Hillary appears to have been ready for that. Covfefe apparently isn t going away anytime soon, and she used it to hit him back on his sheer hypocrisy, saying,  People in covfefe houses shouldn t throw covfefe. It s not the content of her tweet that s remarkable, though. What she did was outshine Trump on Twitter by nearly 10 to 1 on retweets, and 5 to 1 on likes. Take a look below:If Trump s popularity is of such concern to him, this will have him livid if he sees it. She owned him right after he tried to tell all of Europe that he s the most important person on the planet. And the popularity of her tweet plays right into Trump s ongoing insecurity about the legitimacy of his presidency, since she won the popular vote by nearly 3 million.It s actually shocking that he didn t pass out electoral maps in Europe to prove how beloved he is here. But then again, he doesn t know what that map actually shows   all he sees is all the red and assumes that means everyone in America, with a few isolated exceptions, is behind him.Hillary is by no means perfect, and she wouldn t have been the perfect president. But she also wouldn t be humiliating us repeatedly the way that Trump does. Trump is making a mockery of the U.S.Image of Hillary by Astrid Stawiarz/Getty Images for The Foundation for Women. Image of Trump by Sean Gallup/Getty Images",0
1310, People Investigating Ivanka Trump’s Chinese Factory Have Been Arrested Or Gone Missing,"The men investigating the working conditions at the factory that makes, among other products, Ivanka Trump s shoe line, have either been arrested or have gone missing.One of the three men has been arrested while the other two have gone missing. While there is currently no evidence to point the finger at Donald Trump, or even his buddy Vladimir Putin, this does bode badly for BLOTUS in other ways.First, the facts of the story, from CBS News:Hua Haifeng was accused of illegal surveillance, according to his wife, Deng Guilian, who said the police called her Tuesday afternoon. Deng said the caller told her she didn t need to know the details, only that she would not be able to see, speak with or receive money from her husband, the family s breadwinner.China Labor Watch Executive Director Li Qiang said he lost contact with Hua Haifeng and the other two men, Li Zhao and Su Heng, over the weekend. By Tuesday, after dozens of unanswered calls, he had concluded:  They must be held either by the factory or the police to be unreachable.  Officials at the Public Security Bureau in Ganzhou would not confirm to CBS News if Hua was detained, but his wife was made aware of the charge Tuesday afternoon.China Labor Watch is an American human rights organization that tracks workplace abuses in China. They were planning on publishing a report about the factory s low wages, excessive overtime and alleged misuse of interns, next month. They have been investigating Chinese factories for 17 years, and they say that it s never been more of a political hotbed than it is now. This is the first time that their investigators have gone missing or have been detained.While this does sound like some Putinesque tactics, it s pretty much indicative of any strong arm dictator. The Chinese ruling Communist Party is feeling especially vulnerable right now and they re cracking down on all sorts of threats to the party.We may never know whether these men were targeted because it s the factory that makes Ivanka Trump s shoes, but we do know that Trump has an affinity for dictators and has even expressed that he had  great chemistry  with Chinese President Xi Jinping. It also raises a lot of questions as to why this particular factory, one that manufactures shoes for the daughter of the American President, was targeted.We also know that thanks to China, Trump is about to get a lot richer. In February, the Chinese government approved 38 trademarks that Trump had been seeking for almost a year. They had been held up thanks to Once he became president, the process seemed to move rather quickly. Trump has also softened his stance toward China from what it was on the campaign trail. While still a candidate, Trump accused China of manipulating currency.There are four possibilities here: The Chinese are solely behind it, the Russians are behind it, or Trump is behind it, which is pretty much the same as the Russians being behind it, or it was a collaboration. When you follow the money, there are two clear losers when the violations are reported. While no one is accusing Trump of orchestrating this (is he smart enough, anyway?), he, along with the Chinese government both benefit from this report not being released. For both Trumps, it might just be a happy coincidence.Featured image via Sean Gallup/Getty Images.",0
1311, Racist Jerk Takes His Hate To National Black History Museum In The Most VILE Way Possible,"The Smithsonian s Museum of African-American History opened to much fanfare, and also, much hatred from white people who think that such a thing is an affront to white history and therefore, reverse discrimination. Since Trump was elected, hate crimes and incidents have skyrocketed, and now, some racist asshat (or more than one) has decided to take their hatred straight to that museum.By hanging a noose.Yes, seriously. Someone hung a noose up in the Museum of African-American History. And not just once, but twice over the last four days. The noose isn t an innocent symbol. It s a stark and painful reminder of the days when lynching was common practice, particularly against black people.Which is precisely the reason these people hang nooses like that. According to a spokesman for the Southern Poverty Law Center, it s been a long time since we saw hatred like this: We haven t seen such mainstream support for hate in decades, not since the Civil Rights era 50 years ago. We re witnessing a moment when there are tremendous challenges to the country that we built on pluralism and democracy. The civil rights accorded every American are firmly under threat. But people of color, women, the LGBTQ community, and every other marginalized group out there is apparently a direct threat to the straight, white, Christian American, and Trump s election has empowered them to act like they re just taking their country back from the  scourge  of political correctness they so decried during the campaign.The Smithsonian issued their own statement about this, and they cut whoever it is that s responsible for the nooses: The Smithsonian family stands together in condemning this act of hatred and intolerance, especially repugnant in a museum that affirms and celebrates the American values of inclusion and diversity,  wrote the secretary of the Smithsonian Institution David Skorton in an Institution-wide email.  We will not be intimated. Cowardly acts like these will not, for one moment, prevent us from the vital work we do. People who do this are trying to drag our country back to a time when they were comfortable because they could step on everybody different from them. We can t let that continue to happen.Featured image by Astrid Riecken via Getty Images",0
1312, New Poll Is DEVASTATING News For Trump – It’s Worse Than His Slipping Approval Rating,"A new Politico/Morning Consult poll is out, and it shows that Trump s approval rating among registered voters is continuing to occupy the dregs of presidential approval ratings. It was conducted during his allegedly successful foreign trip, showing that pretending to be presidential by traveling abroad for conferences and summits didn t serve to impress voters.What s worse (better?), though, is the number of people who want him impeached. That number jumped five points over the last week. One week ago, only 38 percent of voters wanted to see him impeached. Morning Consult s founder and chief researcher, Kyle Dropp, says: If President Trump was hoping his foreign trip would shift the conversation away from scandals, he may be out of luck  Over the last week, support for beginning impeachment proceedings among voters rose from 38 percent to 43 percent. While it s true that most Democrats want to see Trump impeached, and most Republicans don t want to see him impeached, the fact that this number is rising shows just how growing segments of America view Trump as unfit to serve. In fact, of those who want Trump impeached, a majority see Trump as  unfit to serve and should be removed from office, regardless of whether he committed an impeachable offense or not. Trump went to Europe and made complete fools out of us by calling Germany  bad, very bad,  and threatening to cut off German cars, despite the fact that most German cars sold here are built here. He literally shoved Montenegro s prime minister out of his way, he scolded our NATO allies like a bunch of children over something he does not understand, and he s withdrawing us from the Paris climate agreement.Couple that with his ongoing obsession with the media including continuing to call them  the enemy  because they keep calling him out on his stupidity and his lies and his sheer comfort with being a lying ignoramus on the world stage, and yes. He s wholly unfit to serve.Congress probably won t bow to any political pressure on this. Trump s list of impeachable offenses (like obstructing an official investigation a la Richard Nixon) has to be extensive and inexcusable for the GOP-controlled Congress to draw up articles of impeachment. But when they find themselves backed into that corner, they ll have to listen to the growing public outcry this poll demonstrates.Featured image by Aaron P. Bernstein via Getty Images",0
1313, Spicer Claims Trump’s ‘Covfefe’ Tweet Wasn’t Misspelled And Reporters Just Laugh At Him (VIDEO),"Wednesday morning, Donald Trump brought the world to tears (of laughter) by complaining that too much negative  covfefe  has been directed at him.While the world   including the dictionary   has no f*cking clue what  covefefe  is, White House Propaganda Minister Sean Spicer says that Trump knew what he meant.Spicer told reporters at an off-camera press briefing that Trump doesn t make mistakes   and he damn sure didn t misspell whatever he was trying to spell when he tweeted about covefefe.Asked if people should be concerned that the president posted somewhat of an incoherent tweet last night, Spicer said  no. The tweet, which stayed up for hours after The Donald sent it out, definitely had meaning to Trump and a few people, Spicer says. The president and a small group of people know exactly what he meant,  he explained.And reporters just laughed at him. They attempted to get Spicer to let everyone else in on the meaning, but he quickly moved on to other issues because he was backed into a corner.Whatever it means, reporters definitely tossed plenty of  covfefe  Spicer s way.Listen to it below:Featured image via screengrab",0
1314, Tesla CEO Elon Musk Sends A Massive Threat To Trump If He Bails On Paris Climate Deal (TWEETS),"As if Donald Trump didn t piss off world leaders enough during his awful overseas trip, he s once again threatening to unravel America s relationship with other countries by reconsidering the Paris climate deal. But it turns out, Trump might really be screwed if he does this.Earlier today, it was announced that Trump would probably be scrapping the plan. After word of this horrible news got out, Tesla CEO Elon Musk decided to act quickly and sent a strong message to Trump on Twitter   and as a member of Trump s council of business advisers, this is going to be something the disgraceful POTUS does not want to hear. On Twitter, Musk announced that he will bail on Trump s council if the president abandons the Paris climate change deal. Musk assured his followers that he would do everything in his power to make Trump rethink this. He wrote: Don t know which way Paris will go, but I ve done all I can to advise directly to POTUS, through others in WH & via councils, that we remain. When one of his followers wondered how Musk would react if Trump didn t take his advice, Musk sent a direct threat to Trump: Will have no choice but to depart councils in that case. While the Tesla CEO has gotten a lot of backlash for his role in Trump s advisory council in the first place, it is somewhat comforting that he s using his presence for good in this case. Musk has previously stated that he had joined Trump s council because  advisory councils simply provide advice and attending does not mean that I agree with actions by the Administration.  However, with Musk s latest message to Trump, there clearly seems to be a point in which he is willing to draw the line. Let s hope Trump listens.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
1315, U.S. Corporations Plead With Trump On Front Page Of NY Times: Don’t Abandon Paris Deal,"Some of the biggest corporations in the United States have come together to beg Donald Trump not to abandon the Paris Climate Agreement and they did it on the front page of the New York Times. Dear President Trump,  they began.  As some of the largest companies based or operating in the United States, we strongly urge you to keep the United States in the Paris Agreement on climate change. Climate change presents both business risks and business opportunities,  the open letter to Trump explained.  Continued U.S. participation in the agreement benefits U.S. businesses and the U.S. economy in many ways.  These include  strengthening competitiveness,  creating jobs, markets, and growth,  and  reducing business risks,   the letter added, going into each point in detail.The letter was signed by several of the biggest companies in America, including Adobe, Apple, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts, Danfoss, Facebook, Gap, Inc., Google, The Hartford, Hewlett-Packard Enterprise, Ingersoll Rand, Intel Corporation, Johnson Controls, Levi Strauss & Co., Mars Incorporated, Microsoft, Morgan Stanley, National Grid, PG&E Corporation, Royal DSM, Salesforce, Schneider Electric, Tiffany & Co., Unilever, and VF Corporation all signed on to the open plea.The letter was also published in several other major newspapers throughout the country. As businesses concerned with the well-being of our customers, our investors, our communities, and our suppliers, we are strengthening our climate resilience, and we are investing in innovative technologies that can help achieve a clean energy transition. For this transition to succeed, however, governments must lead as well,  the coporations said to Trump. U.S. business is best served by a stable and practical framework facilitating an effective and balanced global response. The Paris Agreement provides such a framework. As other countries invest in advanced technologies and move forward with the Paris Agreement, we believe the United States can best exercise global leadership and advance U.S. interests by remaining a full partner in this vital global effort,  the letter concluded.Trump has gone back and forth on whether or not to pull the United States out of the climate deal. Axios announced that it was a done deal and Trump would be withdrawing from the agreement. But the New York Times reported on Tuesday that Trump is once again on the fence about the matter and has been influenced by the negative response from big businesses urging him not to abandon the deal.Featured image via Olivier Douliery   Pool/Getty Images",0
1316, Fox News Just Made The Dumbest Argument For Why Trump Has More ‘Stamina’ Than Hillary (VIDEO),"Judging by how disastrous Donald Trump s first overseas trip went, it couldn t have been any more clear that Trump is not physically fit enough to deal with the exhausting demands of being president. He lacked the stamina and energy, as he was reportedly exhausted by the second day and he even had to make use of a golf cart to follow behind other world leaders as they walked.This was truly humiliating for Trump, especially after spending his entire presidential campaign insulting Democratic rival Hillary Clinton s stamina   even though she has traveled extensively during her time as Secretary of State and worked tirelessly on her presidential campaign despite having pneumonia. Yet, Fox News is choosing to ignore the obvious and decided to defend Trump, which was absolutely ridiculous.On Wednesday, Fox News host Jon Scott stated that because Trump has the energy to tweet incoherent thoughts at night, he truly has the  stamina to be president.  Yes, really.After midnight, Trump had sent out a tweet whining about  the constant negative press covfefe.  This obviously went viral for its insanity, and Trump eventually followed it up with another weird tweet in the early hours of the morning:Trump is obviously losing his mind, but Fox News believes that as long as he can tweet, Trump is good enough to lead the country. Scott commended this unpresidential behavior and argued: People are enjoying it, you ve got to give him that. It was a big issue during the campaign. He often accused Hillary Clinton of not having the energy, the stamina to be president. So, he was up tweeting at 12:06 a.m., even if it wasn t exactly a, well, coherent tweet. And then at 5:00 a.m., he deleted it. So, I guess the president is, as he said, a man who needs only a few hours sleep. At any rate, he got 126,000 retweets and 160,000 likes for  covfefe. Absolutely disgusting. No wonder Trump likes Fox so much. You can watch below:Featured image via Pool / Getty Images",0
1317, Comey Plans To Tell The World About Trump’s Illegal Requests In BOMBSHELL Testimony,"Former FBI Director James Comey is now one of the most dangerous men in Washington to Donald Trump. There is nothing that could harm Trump like Comey testifying under oath in an open session of Congress   yet that is exactly what Comey plans to do. Special Counsel Robert Mueller has reportedly cleared Comey to testify, and boy will that testimony be a doozy.Of course, we all remember the reports that Comey kept meticulous notes on his conversations with Trump, because the orange wannabe  president  unsettled him with his inappropriate requests. We also remember how one of those memos was leaked, and it alleged that Trump tried to obstruct justice. Now, new reports suggest that Comey plans to tell the world about every contentious conversation he ever had with Trump   including the parts where what Trump requested of Comey could indeed amount to obstruction of justice regarding the Russia probe   which is, of course, a felony.Because of the addition of Special Counsel Mueller to the investigation, there will likely be no testimony regarding what is going on inside the investigation himself. However, that matters not in this instance, as it appears that when Comey sits down before the Senate Intelligence Committee, he plans to sing like a canary; in fact, reports say he can t wait to do it. From CNN:But he appears eager to discuss his tense interactions with Trump before his firing, which have now spurred allegations that the president may have tried to obstruct the investigation. If it happens, Comey s public testimony promises to be a dramatic chapter in the months-long controversy, and it will likely bring even more intense scrutiny to an investigation that Trump has repeatedly denounced as a  witch hunt. Indeed, this should be very interesting. We won t have long to wait, either. While there is no date set in stone just yet, Comey s remarks may be up to be scheduled within the next week or two. All he has to do is to make sure that he knows the bounds he must stay within before moving forward.Pop the popcorn for this one, folks. It will definitely be interesting.Featured image via Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
1318," Trump Snubs World Leaders On Climate, Pulls Out Of Paris Accord","Donald Trump seems determined to make sure that the United States of America is never seen as the leader of the free world again. As his disastrous treatment of the leaders of allied nations at the NATO and G7 summits and his continued attacks on democratic values and his buffoonish behavior on Twitter isn t enough, it is now being reported that Trump plans to continue to put his dangerous and ridiculous notion that climate change is some kind of Chinese hoax into policy. He has taken his worst step yet in that direction, and now plans to pull out of the Paris Accord on Climate Change.Around 200 countries   including all of the world s developed nations   are a part of the deal, of which the United States was instrumental in sealing. Now, we will be on par with third world countries on this issue because one of our political parties seems to think that science isn t real. The decision comes after Senate Republicans wrote Trump a letter urging him to pull out of the deal, citing regulations that would cost American jobs. Then again, we know that the GOP isn t that bright on this issue and many others.This move comes on the heels of the Trump Administration rolling back most of the climate regulations that the Obama Administration had put in place to help save the environment. The Paris Accord would have the United States commit to reducing carbon emissions by 26 to 28 percent.Beyond the disastrous effects on the environment, this is just devastating to America s standing in the world. It shows everyone that we are no longer ready to lead, that we are taking an isolationist approach when it comes to important issues on the world stage, and that we are led by incompetent, science-denying fools who only care about their own craven quest for power.Say goodbye to your standing in the world, fellow Americans. It was nice while it lasted.Here s video coverage from our partners at Content News:  Featured image via Sean Gallup/Getty Images",0
1319, Trump’s Bizarre Late-Night Tweet Might Have Just Broken The Internet (IMAGES),"Donald Trump has been extremely active on Twitter since he returned home from his first international trip as the President of the United States, but at midnight he unleashed what could only be considered an absolute brain-fart of a tweet:The vague, incomprehensible message looks more like something that would be tweeted after a big night out and it s still unclear what the President was even tweeting about. Predictive text changes  covfefe  to  coffee,  however, one can only assume that Trump was most likely tweeting about press  coverage . Even then, it s borderline impossible to guess what he was actually referring to.Naturally, it didn t take long for #covfefe to become a trending hashtag on Twitter and the domain name covfefe.com has already been registered. As is also the case in situations like this, the internet responded to the whole  covfefe  debacle in the only way it knows how   With memes.Here are the cream of the crop of the tweets that immediately followed President Trump s inane Twitter outburst:This is #covfefe translated from Russian. pic.twitter.com/1Im7ZzLO0Y  Kristina Wong   (@mskristinawong) May 31, 2017Just woke up & see that new White House plan to have lawyers vet Trump's tweets is off to the races #covfefe pic.twitter.com/7XmKXlSWN1  RiotWomenn (@riotwomennn) May 31, 2017We are happy to announce that we'll now be stocking @realDonaldTrump's favourite morning drink! #Covfefe pic.twitter.com/QSLq4G6ytp  Lidl Ireland (@lidl_ireland) May 31, 2017Of course, the Merriam-Webster Dictionary had to chime in:Wakes up.Checks Twitter....Uh ...? Lookups fo ...Regrets checking Twitter.Goes back to bed.  Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) May 31, 2017We ve said this before and we ll say it again   GIVE the social media team at Merriam-Webster a RAISE!!! Seriously.The Urban Dictionary team needs one too!This is why I love @urbandictionary. Already good job done?#covfefe #CovfefeGate pic.twitter.com/0dI9svgPOG  Nina Nagai (@ninagoe) May 31, 2017There are so many brilliant reactions  Just go search the hashtag, because it will probably go down in the history books as the thing that finally broke Putin s toy:#covfefeFeatured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
1320, There’s Something Very Weird About Nearly Half Of Trump’s Twitter Followers,"To Donald Trump, his popularity is everything, which may be why his favorite mode of communication is Twitter. Twitter s model of having people follow other Twitter accounts, rather than having a mutual  friendship  gives celebrities and notables opportunities to collect thousands or even millions of followers.Trump s personal account has about 31 million followers, which is nothing to sneeze at. Then again Katy Perry has nearly 100 million and Barack Obama nearly 90 million. You have to know that drives Trump absolutely crazy.Trump has been doing some housecleaning recently by blocking some of his more contentious followers (I know several who were blocked just last week). Still, his Twitter following dramatically increased on Tuesday, and there s something very weird about many of those followers. They don t have pictures and they ve never tweeted.Trump s Twitter acc has suddenly gained 3 mil followers and has been blocking lots of people. New followers look like this  pic.twitter.com/uzYkeNsjUC  John Niven (@NivenJ1) May 30, 2017John Niven wasn t cherry picking. If you click on Trump s recent followers, more of them have no pictures and no tweets than those who are active Twitter users. They re an oddly international (given Trump s nationalism) group of followers as well.These followers are likely bots. They aren t people at all. According to Twitter Audit, only 51 percent of Trump s followers are real. Nearly half are fake, and that s not just the new ones.The number of fake accounts has gotten a lot worse since Trump took office.This isn t the first time someone has pointed out that a good portion of Trump s Twitter following is fake, but what s interesting is that its fakeness seems to be increasing. In January, journalist Yashar Ali ran an audit on Trump s Twitter account and found that 68 percent of his then-20 million followers were real. Now he s at 30 million followers, but only 51 percent are real, which means of 10 million followers Trump has gained since January, about 8.3 million are fake. Compare that to Barack Obama. 79 percent are real.In April 2016, when Trump was beginning to gain traction as a serious candidate to at least win the Republican presidential nomination, the former reality TV star had a mere 7.58 million followers, only 8 percent of which were fake, according to FiveThirtyEight. It s not surprising that as Trump s global profile has skyrocketed in the past 13 months, so too have the number of bots attached to his Twitter account but it s astonishing how much the percentage of his followers that are fake has risen.Source: NewsweekWhile fake followers are a pretty serious problem on Facebook, and not one that the user can always control, it is easy to buy Twitter followers and it s a big problem.Automated adding to lists or collections: You may not add Twitter users to lists or add Tweets to collections in a bulk or indiscriminate manner. Adding a large number of unrelated users to lists is a violation of the Twitter Rules.If Trump did pay for the followers (and perhaps even if he didn t), he s violating Twitter s rules and his account should be banned.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images.",0
1321, Trump’s Son Gets Schooled After Claiming Conservatives Were Never Rude To Obama,"A comedian went too far today and for that, she has apologized after outrage ensued. After a gory photo circulated showing Kathy Griffin holding a bloody Donald Trump mask, seemingly portraying his decapitated head, she admitted on Tuesday that she  went too far  in her latest photo shoot with controversial photographer Tyler Shields. To be clear, the condemnation was bipartisan; Chelsea Clinton, among others, denounced Griffin over the stunt.This is vile and wrong. It is never funny to joke about killing a president. https://t.co/zIiuKoMyFw  Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) May 30, 2017In contrast, Donald Trump Jr. blamed the left.  Disgusting but not surprising. This is the left today. They consider this acceptable. Imagine a conservative did this to Obama as POTUS?  he tweeted without one bit of irony.Disgusting but not surprising. This is the left today. They consider this acceptable. Imagine a conservative did this to Obama as POTUS? https://t.co/QdghcbIjS7  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) May 30, 2017Here is Ms. Griffin s apology:I am sorry. I went too far. I was wrong. pic.twitter.com/LBKvqf9xFB  Kathy Griffin (@kathygriffin) May 30, 2017Junior got schooled by the Internet.Yes @DonaldJTrumpJr, imagine if a conservative did this oh wait, here's a TON of them doing it! https://t.co/7JI3j0nXmN  Scott Nevins (@ScottNevins) May 30, 2017Trump repeatedly lied about Presidents birth certificate & pushed bigoted conspiracy. GOP leaders sent out racists cartoons via emails  Scott Nevins (@ScottNevins) May 30, 2017this is not ""the left"". This is one person.And could u only imagine  pic.twitter.com/mnF1pSCknj  Mike Wickett (@mikewickett) May 30, 2017Conservative hero Ted Nugent has never apologized for the threats he s made.https://t.co/W9RIXaGkKf  Zoe Washburne???  (@DeepInTheHills) May 30, 2017Fun fact: People did do this to Obama every day. Multiple times in fact. Not that you'd know or care.  Melissa Ryan (@MelissaRyan) May 30, 2017Oh look, a Nazi is defending Trump Junior s tweet yet he hasn t called it out.Fun fact: Trump won, Hillary lost  Frank Jackson (@FrankJackson45) May 31, 2017meanwhile  pic.twitter.com/rVjGA6VpsJ  State of Ohio (@State_of_Ohio) May 30, 2017You mean like this? pic.twitter.com/Il3bYVMye3  Colin Taylor (@ColsBols) May 30, 2017Former President Barack Obama s children were threatened, too.""assassinate the f -n n  and his monkey children."" https://t.co/T75ru0n8kK  Julie Harris #Resist (@sabela13) May 30, 2017Ted Nugent threatened to kill Obama and he was invited into the Oval Office.  Talia (@2020fight) May 30, 2017Jake Tapper chimed in to say,  For those asking, I said on air that I thought the beheading imagery by Griffin about the president was disgusting and inappropriate. For those asking, I said on air that I thought the beheading imagery by Griffin about the president was disgusting and inappropriate.  Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) May 30, 2017Soledad O Brien weighed in.This Kathy Griffin thing is so upsetting and disgusting. Jesus what is wrong with people today? Have we lost all our humanity?  Soledad O'Brien (@soledadobrien) May 30, 2017Here is Junior s daddy in 2012 giving Nugent a pass after he threatened Obama.  Ted Nugent was obviously using a figure of speech, unfortunate as it was. It just shows the anger people have towards @BarackObama,  It tweeted.Ted Nugent was obviously using a figure of speech, unfortunate as it was. It just shows the anger people have towards @BarackObama.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 19, 2012In 2013, Conservative radio host Pete Santilli said on his show that he wanted to  shoot Hillary Clinton in the vagina.  He got really graphic, adding,  I don t want her to die right away; I want her to feel the pain,  and he said,  we need to try, convict, and shoot Hillary Clinton in the vagina. Much later, Santilli joined the militants who took over the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge.There was no uproar from conservatives over Santilli s threats, nor was there any outrage over the racial slurs repeatedly thrown at Obama, his wife, and their children. There was no uproar from conservatives when Donald Trump launched an effort to delegitimize our country s first black President.As for Ms. Griffin, she crossed the line and her photo has been widely denounced on both sides of the aisle. We re not adding Griffin s photo here because it s in very poor taste but you can Google it if you re curious.Photo by David Becker/Getty Images.",0
1322," Officer Who Shot Tamir Rice Finally Fired, But NOT For Killing An Unarmed Child","After more than two years, the Cleveland police officer who fatally shot 12-year-old Tamir Rice has finally been fired. But the reason for his firing has sparked even more outrage.Timothy Loehmann, who was a rookie when he pullled the trigger on that fateful day in November 2014, was not fired for killing an unarmed child. Instead, he was given his walking papers because he lied on his application.Cleveland.com reports:  Loehmann was fired not for shooting Tamir, but for lying on his application with the Cleveland police department. He was also in his probationary period as a Cleveland officer giving the department more flexibility in letting him go, Cleveland Public Safety Director Michael McGrath said. The disciplinary letter cites a letter in Loehmann s personnel file from Independence that says he was emotionally immature and had  an inability to emotionally function.  The letter also cites an emotional breakdown Loehmann had on the gun range in Independence.Cleveland officials said in the letter that Loehmann was supposed to disclose that information. He was also supposed to say in his application that he failed a 2009 written exam when applying to work as an officer in Maple Heights. Loehmann never mentioned the Maple Heights test.A spokesperson for Tamir s relatives said that Loehmann s firing was  deeply disappointing  and only added insult to the pain and grief of the Rice family. Loehmann has been fired because he should never have been a police officer in the first place   but he should have been fired for shooting my son in less than one second, not just for lying on his application,  Tamir s mother, Samaria Rice, said in a statement.On November 22, 2014, police got a report of a black male with a gun in a local park. The 911 dispatcher didn t bother to mention to police that the caller has said it was most likely a child and the gun was probably a fake. When Loehmann arrived with his partner, Frank Garmback, it took about three seconds for Loehmann to shoot and kill the 12-year-old, who was holding a toy gun.An Ohio grand jury decided not to incict either of the officers in December of 2015. Garmback was given a 10-day suspension because he pulled his cruiser too close to the child on the day of the shooting, which violated safety protocol. The 911 operator received an eight day suspension in March of this year for her role Rice s death. The city of Cleveland reached a $6 million settlement with the Rice family in April of last year, but still refused to admit to any wrongdoing.Featured image via Addciting Info Archives",0
1323," Sean Spicer Just Got Into A Fight With Reporters, Explodes Over ‘Fake News’ (VIDEO)","Now that Donald Trump has completed his disastrous first overseas trip, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer must once again answer to the U.S. media as Trump continues to disgrace the country on its own soil.Following the Memorial Day holiday, it was back to business as usual with Spicer nearly losing his mind at a press briefing earlier today. When reporters asked Spicer about Trump s claims about  fake news,  Spicer pretty much imploded as he sparred with reporters.Spicer tried to defend his mentally incompetent boss by pointing out a tweet in which a BBC reported had made a mistake, claiming that Trump had not been wearing a translation earpiece when he met with foreign leaders. This mistake was quickly and publicly corrected by the reporter as soon as it was realized, but Spicer pathetically latched onto that one incident as proof of  fake news.  Spicer whined: On Friday, the president was having a great discussion at the G7 and someone from the BBC, and ultimately an incoming reporter for the New York Times retweeted that the president was being rude by disrespecting the Italian prime minister. When in fact, you all in all of the meetings watched the president with that one earpiece that s been used by all the other presidents  That s just fake! Spicer s example was beyond ridiculous, and reporters not only reminded him that the inaccurate tweet had been corrected, but that it hadn t gone any further to major newspapers. But Spicer was beyond reasoning with. He fired back, looking as if a meltdown was just moments away: I was asked to give an example, and I did it. And when another reporter said the BBC reporter s tweet didn t affect how Trump s overseas trip was covered, Spicer s reply was nothing but disrespectful and dismissive. He replied sarcastically: Well, thank you, I appreciate it, you get to decide what is big and what is not. A lot of things have been pushed out based on unnamed unaccountable sources that is very troubling. Clearly, Spicer forgot that his own boss is the king of using anonymous sources and perpetuating fake news. You can watch Spicer fight with reporters below:Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1324, Republican Congressman Is Currently Standing On His Office Roof To Avoid His Voters Below,"The mental exhaustion of being a member of the Republican Party is clearly getting to its politicians. Last week, the (now) Republican congressman of Montana bodyslammed a reporter who asked him for comment on the CBO s devastating assessment of the Republican healthcare bill. This week, Darrell Issa (R-CA) is standing on the roof of his district office. He won t come down.Congressman @DarrellIssa is on the roof of his district office in California avoiding his constituents. No joke. pic.twitter.com/DgwwLl72zY  Yashar Ali (@yashar) May 30, 2017The mental break happened after constituents began showing up at his office to ask him, among other things, about his support for the AHCA which will result in 23 million people losing health insurance. He reportedly spoke with the voters for a few minutes before retreating back into the building.Several hundred in front of @DarrellIssa's office this AM. Issa came out for 5 minutes but refused to engage with those across the street. pic.twitter.com/z6XEw1FPLy  Mike Levin (@MikeLevinCA) May 30, 2017When he re-emerged he was standing on the roof.Yes, this is really @DarrellIssa on the roof of his district office building. Too afraid to come speak with assembled constituents below. pic.twitter.com/wCYRjO8Ev8  Mike Levin (@MikeLevinCA) May 30, 2017Republicans are finding it more and more difficult to defend their actions. Trump, and the party he leads, have begun systematically dismantling many of the programs, reforms, and regulations that have protected Americans and the environment from depredation. Many of the assaults on the country have been done in the name of tax cuts which will disproportionately help the richest people, leaving the poor and middle class with even less than they have now. It s hard to justify that.Adding to the GOP s troubles, their leader is a mentally unstable child whose incompetence is matched only with the apparent corruption running through his administration. Every day more information leaks out about wrongdoing in the Trump White House. And every day, guys like Darrell Issa are forced to defend Trump and further destroy their reputations.So we have a congressman standing on his rooftop refusing to come down, something that would be beyond parody if it hadn t already been explored in comedy.they are making this too easy pic.twitter.com/vtH5aeKzM0  cat comrade (@rachelmillman) May 30, 2017Republican voters need to take a good hard look at who is representing them in Congress. There aren t a lot of things to be proud of. And quite a bit to be completely ashamed of.Featured image via Twitter",0
1325, Report: Russia Probe Gets EVEN HOTTER As Investigators Go After Trump’s Own Attorney,"Michael Cohen is a man who knows Donald Trump well. He has been Trump s personal lawyer for many years, and he spent the better part of two years during the 2016 presidential campaign lying for Trump on television like all of other surrogates for the orange man. Now, however, Cohen may come to regret this allegiance, as it seems that the Russia probe is now closing in around the loyal lawyer.The Intelligence Committees in the House of Representatives and the Senate recently asked Cohen if he would provide information and testimony regarding his links and dealings with Russia. Cohen, like everyone else in Trump s orbit, decided to refuse to cooperate fully with the investigation, insisting that there s nothing to see there, and that the people investigating them are reaching too far into things.But, he forgets that these committees have subpoena power, and the Senate Intelligence Committee voted on whether or not to give Chairman Richard Burr (R-NC) and Ranking Member Mark Warner (D-VA) the ability to subpoena the things they want from Cohen. The result was unanimous, and since Cohen will not give the Congress what they want, Senators Burr and Warner will simply subpoena the information. Further, it is being reported that the House Intelligence Committee wasted no time, and they have already sent out a subpoena to Cohen. If Cohen goes the Michael Flynn route and ignores the subpoenas, he can be held in contempt of Congress.It seems that everyone around Trump has had some kind of seemingly shady and/or inappropriate dealings with Russia. Couple that with the fact that Trump himself is praising and cozying up to Vladimir Putin and other brutal dictators around the world, all while slamming our allies at the NATO and G7 Summits, and all of this is very dangerous indeed.Hopefully, Congress, the FBI, and whomever else is involved in investigating this corrupt administration of incompetent authoritarians and Russian stooges gets to the bottom of all of this soon, so that we can apologize to our allies and go back to being a sane nation after all of these people are removed from office and thrown in jail.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
1326, Oregon Republican Wants To Put Right-Wing Militias On Government Payroll But Only To Defend Republicans,"After Friday s right-wing terror attack in Portland, in which two men were stabbed after coming to the aid of a Muslim teen, the nation seemed unsure of how to respond. One Republican responded, though. He says it s the GOP that s at risk and his solution is to hire the right-wing extremists as Republicans  personal bodyguards.It took Donald Trump three days, but his handlers finally released their official response to the attack, which was far too little too late, but still better than declaring himself the victim:The violent attacks in Portland on Friday are unacceptable. The victims were standing up to hate and intolerance. Our prayers are w/ them.  President Trump (@POTUS) May 29, 2017The irony is thick there, since Trump has been the leader of the hate and intolerance movement since at least 2011, when he became the leader of the birther movement, which tried to claim that President Obama was not born in the United States.Still, even after the attack, and after Trump s less than heartfelt response, James Buchal, the chair of the GOP Party for Multnomah County, which is home to Portland, said this to the Guardian: I am sort of evolving to the point where I think that it is appropriate for Republicans to continue to go out there,  he said.  And if they need to have a security force protecting them, that s an appropriate thing too. Asked if this meant Republicans making their own security arrangements rather than relying on city or state police, Buchal said:  Yeah. And there are these people arising, like the Oath Keepers and the Three Percenters. Asked if he was considering such groups as security providers, Buchal said:  Yeah. We re thinking about that. Because there are now belligerent, unstable people who are convinced that Republicans are like Nazis. Both the Oath Keepers and the Three Percenters are on the Southern Poverty Law Center s list of anti-government groups. In other words, they are terrorists.While it is true that constituents across the country are p*ssed at the fact that Republicans want to take away their healthcare, that hardly constitutes an existential threat, except perhaps to some careers.The fact is, though, that while the Oregon stabber supported Bernie Sanders, he only did so out of sheer hate for Hillary Clinton, and he s also a racist right-wing nut job and perhaps the only thing preventing him from being in one of those militias, was the fact that no one seemed to like him.Still, for some bizarre reason, snowflake Republicans think they are the ones under attack, so naturally, the only way to deal with that is to hire terrorists to protect them.",0
1327," Trump Posts Fox News Story Using Anonymous Source To ‘Vindicate’ Kushner, Entire World Calls BS","Donald Trump has been on Twitter for nearly 48 straight hours, clearly making up for lost time during his international trip when his advisers took away his phone. The tweets have been all over the place, a sign of the sort of unhinged mania that has consumed Trump: angry messages directed at foreign leaders, defending Russia, lashing out at critics, and   now   defending his son-in-law Jared Kushner from disturbing allegations that he had gone behind the backs of America s intelligence community to set up a secret  backchannel  with Putin using Russian spy equipment.Numerous media organizations including the Washington Post and the New York Times have confirmed with reliable, high-ranking sources that Kushner did this. The evidence appears to be pretty damning. In fact, the White House seemed unable to defend Kushner. For the first few days after news broke, the only response from Trump supporters was that Kushner should have been allowed to do this.Trump, as he is known to do, imploded that argument with a single tweet. Posting a story from Fox News, Trump and the conservative channel are claiming that Kushner is completely innocent. Their  proof  is a single anonymous source that spoke only to Fox.During the meeting the Russians broached the idea of using a secure line between the Trump administration and Russia, not Kushner, a source familiar with the matter told Fox News. That follows a recent report from The Washington Post alleging that Kushner wanted to develop a secure, private line with Russia.The idea of a permanent back channel was never discussed, according to the source. Instead, only a one-off for a call about Syria was raised in the conversation.Sounds legit.This is a clear aboutface for Trump, who has lashed out at anonymous sources whenever they leak things that make him look bad. Suddenly, the mysterious anonymous source Fox found (or invented) to clear Kushner is completely trustworthy and Trump is back to loving sources again!Smarter people have reason to be skeptical. It s been said that Fox News under Trump has operated as little else than his state media to push his agenda and defend him from attacks. This latest story seems incredibly suspect. After days of reporters from numerous outlets confirming and re-confirming the original claims that Kushner had, in fact, tried to set up a back channel with the Russians, Fox News magically found a  source  that disproves all of it. This flies directly in the face of Trump s own national security advisor H.R. McMaster who, as part of his job to repeatedly humiliate himself in the name of Trump, claimed that Kushner was allowed to set up a back channel.Trump s attempt to save his son-in-law from a possible prison sentence actually may have made things worse. If the original defense of Kushner was that he was right to set up this secret channel with the Russians, Kushner will face a choice if he is ever subpoenaed: Lie about the backchannel to supporter his father-in-law s claim or admit he did talk to the Russians and expose Trump in yet another lie. Whether he then gets charged with perjury hangs on his answer.Kushner might need to have an uncomfortable talk with his father-in-law: Stop trying to help so I don t spend my life behind bars.Featured image via Olivier Douliery   Pool/Getty Images",0
1328, More And More Local Governments Are Passing Resolutions To Impeach Trump (DETAILS),"Congress may not be quite ready to impeach Trump, but many small towns and cities are doing their part to move the entire process along and make his impeachment a reality.Curren, ly there are 10 local governments that have passed resolutions calling for impeachment, with Brookline, Mass., becoming the latest on Thursday and most likely not the last. Four other Massachusetts districts have also made the move, Cambridge, Amherst, Pelham and Leverett, with Newton also having a proposal up for consideration, but Massachusetts isn t the only state Trump should be wary of; California is another hot spot when it comes to local councils calling for his head, with Los Angeles, Richmond, Alameda and Berkeley overwhelmingly passing resolutions asking for the impeachment process to begin.But what, if any, effect does passing these measures actually have? While local councils have zero authority in the whole process, the goal is to get the ball rolling by convincing Congress that at least launching an investigation into Trump to determine if impeachment charges are warranted is something that desperately needs to happen. If successful, that will be the first step necessary in getting articles of impeachment drafted and voted on by the House. From there, a majority vote from the House will result in the articles then being sent to the Senate and a trial will be held, requiring a two-thirds agreement to convict.The movement of getting local councils to take a stand and be heard was initially organized by a group from Amherst, Mass., called Free Speech for the People. The liberal organization operates under the belief that Trump violated the Foreign Emoluments Clause in the Constitution by not fully removing himself from his private business interests before being sworn in as President of the United States of America.Without even running much of a real advertising campaign, digital or otherwise, Free Speech for the People has already garnered over a million signatures in support of Trump s impeachment through their website, impeachdonaldtrumpnow.org. The only way a president can be held accountable for abusing the public trust is via the impeachment process,  says John Bonifaz, a constitutional lawyer who heads the group.  It is at this point unclear on the law whether a sitting president can be indicted. Many Trump supporters believe that talk of having the President impeached within five months of being sworn into office is just pure politics and sour grapes on behalf of the Democrats, but Bonifaz has news for them, referencing the recent failure of liberal stronghold Chicago s to vote in the resolution to call for impeachment. If decisions are getting made that this isn t politically the right way to go, then we re putting party over country here,  Bonifaz said.  Frankly, history will judge us in this moment on how we act   I would hope that the Chicago City Council takes up this again and votes on what is at stake   that no one is above the law   even the president of the United States. Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1329, Trump Has Finally Commented On Portland Train Attack… Sort Of (TWEETS),"Donald Trump doesn t particularly have a filter. When the President of the United States is unhappy about an issue or feels somehow short-changed, he will immediately take to Twitter at any time of the day or night and vent, letting the world know his true feelings. This alone makes Trump s half-hearted tweet on his secondary Twitter profile about the deadly Portland train attack three days after the event seem more than just a little insincere.Police in Portland, OR, charged Jeremy Joseph Christian on Saturday with two counts of aggravated murder and one count of attempted murder for stabbing three citizens on a light-rail train last Friday, men who had come to the aid of two teenage girls that Christian was racially abusing. Destinee Magnum and a friend who was wearing a hijab were riding the light-rail when Christian started yelling at the pair in what Police describe as  hate speech toward a variety of ethnicities and religions. He told us to go back to Saudi Arabia and he told us we shouldn t be here, to get out of his country,  Mangum, a non-muslim, told KPTV.  He was just telling us that we basically weren t anything and that we should just kill ourselves. Frightened, the two girls moved to the back of the train while three men intervened to defend the girls.  Me and my friend were going to get off the MAX and then we turned around while they were fighting and he just started stabbing people,  she said.  It was just blood everywhere and we just started running for our lives.  Ricky John Best, 53, of Happy Valley, died at the scene, while Taliesin Myrddin Namkai-Meche, 23, of Portland, died later in hospital. Micah Fletcher, 21, is still in hospital being treated for serious injuries.America, and indeed the world, was horrified by the attack, with Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton tweeting soon after:Heartbreaking. No one should have to endure this racist abuse. No one should have to give their life to stop it.https://t.co/CpmQcHI8gi  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) May 27, 2017But America wanted to know what their president thought of the attack, an outspoken leader who is obsessed with social media and so disgusted by terrorism and hate-crimes. Trump was overseas for his first official international trip as the American President on Friday, but surely the news of the heinous attack couldn t have slipped past him. Nonetheless, the American people were kept waiting.Finally, three days later, President Trump took to his @POTUS Twitter account, not his personal @realDonaldTrump account, which has almost 31 million followers, and posted the following half-assed token response.The violent attacks in Portland on Friday are unacceptable. The victims were standing up to hate and intolerance. Our prayers are w/ them.  President Trump (@POTUS) May 29, 2017Using terminology that a parent would use on a child that brought home bad grades or a boss warning a hungover employee, President Trump called the actions of a man who took the lives of two innocent people defending two teenage girls from racial abuse  unacceptable  on his secondary, rarely-used Twitter account.Trump is still yet to mention the attack on his @realDonaldTrump account, but this tweet alone gives a true insight into how little the President really cares about the incident.Featured image via Sean Gallup/Getty Images",0
1330, Even Angela Merkel’s Top Political Rival Is Livid With Trump – SLAMS His Treatment Of Her,"German Chancellor Angela Merkel is up for reelection in September, and she s locked in a pretty tight race against Martin Schulz, the former president of the European Parliament. Following the G7 summit, where Trump s childish arrogance was on full display, Schulz simply shredded Trump for his treatment of Merkel: Election campaign or no election campaign, in this situation let me be entirely clear: the chancellor represent all of us at summits like these. And I reject with outrage the way this man takes it upon himself to treat the head of our country s government. That is unacceptable. It is, but it s hard to expect Trump to understand that at this point. In his mind, he s the most important person ever to walk the planet. As such, he was, more or less, a complete asshole during his visit to Europe. He called Germany who, up until now, was our most powerful European ally bad, very bad,  for their trade policies. He said that German sells millions of cars in the U.S. and implied that we get nothing from it, so it is going to stop. He proved with those statements that he has no idea that German automakers actually employ thousands of U.S. workers inside U.S. borders.Trump had the gall to castigate NATO, too, for allegedly freeloading off the U.S. as though we make up for the money they aren t spending (in truth, that two percent mark that NATO allies are supposed to reach refers to the percentage of their individual GDPs they need to commit to their national defenses). He also yelled at them for the cost of their new headquarters, almost acting as though we paid for it without voting for it.For her part, Merkel has since said that Germany (and probably NATO) can t rely on us as a partner anymore. That s a dangerous position for us to be in   Trump is throwing away everything we ve worked towards with Europe because he s a dickbag.Elsewhere, he showed his total asshattery by shoving the prime minister of Montenegro aside to get to the front of a photo op. His body language there read,  Do you know who I am?  according to one body language expert who analyzed his postures during that and two other incidents at the summit.Those other two incidents involve French President Macron. The first is when Macron arrived in Italy   as he was walking towards the leaders who were already there, Trump stuck his hands out to greet him, but Macron veered toward Merkel to greet her first. He greeted two other leaders before making it to Trump, who then yanked him toward him as though to show him who was boss.Then there was the now-famous  white-knuckled handshake  with Macron, who admitted that wasn t totally innocent. He wanted to show Trump that France, and by extension, Europe, would not allow Trump to bully them.Some have interpreted Schulz s comments as an attack on Merkel he did appear to also say that she shouldn t have allowed Trump to treat her the way he did but the bottom line is this: When someone s chief political rival takes their side against someone else, that someone else has royally screwed up.Featured image by Olivier Douliery Pool via Getty Images",0
1331, College Graduates Keep Rejecting Trump’s Evil Minions (VIDEOS),"Graduates of University of Notre Dame s 2017 class, conducted a walk-out protest when Vice President Mike Pence began his commencement speech. Events like this are becoming regular for the team President Trump put together (and there are likely to be many more). But you can t blame students for reacting and repelling officials with pasts like these. Young people are paying attention to the policies and aren t enamored with a title. They are saying  bye  to Trump s evil minions.While serving as Governor of Indiana, Mike Pence did everything he could to make abortions impossible for women. This went along with attacks on female health and LGBT rights. The man signed a bill that allow businesses to discriminate against people based on their sexuality. So, when the University of Notre Dame invited him to give a commencement speech, the students did this:One student, Xitalaly Estrada, when asked about the walkout said, Initially when the invite went out, we were all a little more than hesitant to attend, especially because this administration has been denigrating people of color and minority groups. My parents are immigrants and they re in constant state of discomfort. I don t think my parents have ever felt comfortable in this country. My biggest concern was that this day, that was supposed to be for my family and their sacrifices that led me to be able to graduate from the University of Notre Dame, would be overshadowed by someone who has openly endorsed their denigration and has corroborated their marginalization as an immigrant group, as Mexicans, as, at one point, people who worked in the fields, as people who work in the service sector, and they would have to hear that person speak at my commencement. Many students who opposed the administrations stance on issues ranging from religion and race, and the Vice President s specific prejudice against LGBT community stood and left the stadium.Earlier in the month, Secretary of State, Betsy Devos received similar treatment at Bethune-Cookman University. Though, it got considerably uglier. Students at the the historically black institution heckled her for most of the speech. The rest of the time, she spoke to a crowd of gowned backs, some with fists raised in protest. And it was only a 20 minute speech:Why a Trump administration official who called HUCU s  the pioneers of school-choice  thought her speaking at one was appropriate is beyond rational. She actually thought segregation was the same as school choice. And her policies like the stripping of protections of student loan borrowers, her bosses threat to defund black colleges, and her attacks on public schools don t seem to be washed away by her kind words regarding civil rights leaders and her bosses liking of  the blacks . She left public schools in the city of Detroit in ruins and plans to do the same all over the country   students just want her policies to do the talking. Not her.As this year s graduation class moves on, it will be interesting to see whether those in the Trump administration steer clear of the stage. If not, they might have to get accustomed to young people who reject their policies and would choose to never walk across the stage over listening to them speak.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
1332, ‘Portal To Hell’: The Internet Loses It Over Mysterious Red Lights Flashing Inside The White House,"Earlier this month, a sinkhole opened up outside of Donald Trump s Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida and that happened just after the alleged president placed his tiny hands on a glowing globe, along with Saudi Leaders. Then, last night red lights began illuminating from the White House for almost 20 minutes starting at about 8:30 p.m. TV cameras caught footage of the phenomena.Watch:Red lights flashing at the White House. What's going on? We're checking on it .@wsvn pic.twitter.com/8UncIP9uGB  Robbin Simmons (@RobbinSimmons7) May 29, 2017We re just glad it didn t happen at 6:66 o clock. It s possible the strobes were sent in Morse code as a scream for help, but on the other hand, Melania might be in New York City so who knows because the Secret Service offered no comment on the cause of the strobing red lights.Here s another view via Fox 5 Atlanta: One Twitter user wondered if the former reality show star stole the orb.@Breaking911 Did Trump steal the orb? pic.twitter.com/SXJ5GtC6Yb  Shannon Mugrage (@shannon_mugrage) May 29, 2017 Either Jared and Ivanka are playing laser tag, or Steve Bannon recited an incantation that opened a portal to hell,  another Twitter user wrote.Either Jared and Ivanka are playing laser tag, or Steve Bannon recited an incantation that opened a portal to hell. https://t.co/eufNmxa0Jc  daniel modell (@dmnyc) May 29, 2017Or it could be Jared Kushner s shredder machine overheating.@Mess_OfMe @cheerymonkey @PiinkyPants1 @FOX35Tom @WhiteHouse It the overheat warning light on Jared's shredder  RunBeast (@RunBeast11) May 29, 2017Or maybe Trump ran out of Twinkies.@RobbinSimmons7 @wsvn It's Morse code for 'out of Twinkies'  susann g (@Susann_G) May 29, 2017Another possibility: Trump could be playing laser tag.@RobbinSimmons7 @wsvn It's just Trump playing Laser Tag! LOL  Joe Batzel #NFB (@RacingNut48) May 29, 2017Or they re busting out some dance moves in the White House.@ucla_007 @RobbinSimmons7 @wsvn Disco Party pic.twitter.com/8wXh4dfn59  M. Wilson (@LWOSmwilson1113) May 29, 2017Trump is tweeting again!@FOX35Tom @WhiteHouse 2) They've fixed it so when Trump starts to tweet, lights warn the staff. #WhiteHouseFlashingLights  RonEdens (@RonEdens) May 29, 2017 It has escaped. RED WARNING LIGHTS AT THE WHITE HOUSE MEANS ONE THING:IT HAS ESCAPED pic.twitter.com/O7PZf4kEmf  hot weather takes (@paulythegun) May 29, 2017We re hoping this Twitter user is correct and the White House is testing out the Vacancy sign.@FOX35Tom @WhiteHouse @Reince45 @realDonaldTrump #whitehouseflashinglights10) They're testing out the ""Vacancy"" sign, just in case.  RonEdens (@RonEdens) May 29, 2017Or this?@Breaking911 Think we got it pic.twitter.com/HX60LBfEU3  Eddie (@Slapshoted24) May 29, 2017Many Twitter users are saying it s the orb. Not me, but many people are saying that. Believe me.@FOX35Tom @WhiteHouse Shit !!! He is using the Orb pic.twitter.com/GoYj4ROQsq        (@justin_C4se) May 29, 2017Another Twitter user speculated that someone fed Steve Bannon after midnight.Flashing red lights at The White House just great. Who fed Bannon after midnight? https://t.co/AKjzmxfDgk  Drew Gibson (@SuppressThis) May 29, 2017It s a signal to Putin.The Red Lights at the White House are a signal to Putin indicatin' the extraction point. https://t.co/j7U4AHTOth  Tea Pain (@TeaPainUSA) May 29, 2017Conspiracy site Infowars (I m not linking to them, k? I just can t do it) thinks Twitter users are acting conspiratorial. Because the Internet is totally not mocking Trump s insane administration, right? Infowars says  anti-Trumpers have been triggered.  Well, Infowars, you seem a bit triggered over people having fun. Also, keep those apologies from Alex Jones coming that he was forced to make after losing in court over the conspiracy theories he circulated.We think it s a sign that Kellyanne Conway is crawling out of her crypt again. IDK Image via screen capture. ",0
1333," John McCain Says There’s A Much Bigger Threat To Us Than ISIS, And Trump Will HATE It","As bad as the Islamic State is, Russia poses a larger threat to security across the planet, at least, according to Senator John McCain (R-Arizona). The former presidential candidate was recently interviewed by the show  7:30,  which runs on the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. During that interview, he said that Vladimir Putin is  the premier and most important threat, more so than ISIS. When discussing the Russian threat, McCain mentioned their efforts to interfere with elections across the globe. 17 United States intelligence agencies say that Russia tried to meddle in our elections last year. He told the Australian media network,  It s the Russians who tried to destroy the fundamental of democracy and that is to change the outcome of an American election.  While he does not think that Russia had an actual impact on the 2016 elections, he says that he believes they did work to alter the outcome and will continue to work towards that goal.McCain is also concerned about the lack of any real American response to the allegations of Russian meddling in the elections. He noted that the country  has done nothing since the election last November to respond to Vladimir Putin s attempt to change the outcome of our elections. So, way to go Vladimir. We haven t responded at all.  He has said that he thinks we need to step up the sanctions on Russia.The McCain interview comes at the same time that new questions about communications between Jared Kushner and the Russian government have been raised. It appears that Kushner communicated with high level Russian officials during the transition, and then again after Trump took office. Some reports indicate Kushner was trying to set up a back channel to communicate with the Kremlin that would prevent U.S. intelligence agencies from listening in, using Russian equipment at their facilities.McCain has been a vocal opponent of some of Trump s policies and positions. He even has admitted,  I am nervous from time to time. Russia has been accused of meddling in numerous elections around the world, including the French elections last month.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
1334," Confused Old Man Forgets He’s At Arlington Cemetery, Thinks He’s At A Baseball Game (VIDEO)","Donald Trump showed up at Arlington National Cemetery to give the Memorial Day address, but things got a bit weird when the National Anthem played.As others stood with their hands over their hearts or saluting   a sign of respect for our fallen soldiers   Trump apparently became confused, thought he was at a baseball game, and began emphatically belting out the lyrics with a smile on his face as the music to the National Anthem played.Trump is super extra during the national anthem, almost like he's overcompensating for something. pic.twitter.com/nioZnxYRUo  Lauren Werner (@LaurenWern) May 29, 2017You know who wasn t smiling? Literally everyone who watched Trump spit in the face of people who lost their lives serving our country.@bessbell Did he yell out  Play Ball!  at the end?  Jaime Robledo (@Roblizzle) May 29, 2017@bessbell I resist this man as a human being.  Inquisitive One (@Most_Nquisitive) May 29, 2017@bessbell What a way to spit in the faces of those who died while in the service of our country.  Ross H. Hockman (@TheRossHockman) May 29, 2017@bessbell Wow, the imagery here is strikingly buffoonish.  Darren L (@darren04) May 29, 2017@bessbell Looks like the medication just kicked in.  Carol Marie (@NastyCarol3) May 29, 2017@bessbell More evidence of dementia. My granny used to sing along like this at inappropriate times too.  Kelly D (@KellylovesCO) May 29, 2017@bessbell It s not a baseball game  Christopher Lonigro (@CClonigro) May 29, 2017@bessbell That s his solemn and respectful look?  Hollywood Wrecker (@HollywoodWreck) May 29, 2017@bessbell It looks like he completely forgot why he is there.  RedWillow (@elliput) May 29, 2017Recently, Trump became confused during a press conference with Israeli war criminal, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, and  wandered off.  He had to have someone fetch him and bring him back.It is unclear if Trump has inherited his father s Alzheimer s disease or if he is feeling the strain of his impending impeachment and possible imprisonment (his tweets make it clear that the Russia investigation is getting to him)   maybe he just is completely unwilling to show respect   but one thing is clear: something is very clearly wrong here.Featured image via screengrab",0
1335, Twitter EXPLODES As Tortured Snowflake Trump Starts Blocking People For Making Him Sad (TWEETS),"Donald Trump regularly takes a beating on Twitter, the home of his poorly-spelled, nonsensical ravings. But since he s the President, he s above pettiness and respects dissenting opinions and facts, right? Wrong.While The Donald s pea-brained followers regularly call anyone who has a problem with their racism and hatred  snowflakes  (a term that ironically refers to someone who was opposed to the abolition of slavery, something Trump fans want to bring back) it seems that the term now applies to Donald Trump in two ways   the original meaning, and the new one thrown around by idiots who think  it sounds clever (see below):Trump s feelings apparently were hurt by comedy writer Bess Kalb, who found that the leader of the free world had blocked her:OH. MY. EFFING. GOD.The President of the United States just blocked me on Twitter because I hurt his feelings. #MAGA pic.twitter.com/oB5zTAs7In  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) May 29, 2017From now on, there is only one Snowflake.  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) May 29, 2017Naturally, Kalb is devastated (not really):I'd like to summarize my feelings about this in one radical feminist sculpture: pic.twitter.com/qMTDy9VieE  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) May 29, 2017It is mortifying, yet unsurprising to me that the leader of the free world could be so wounded by the gentle ribbing of a comedy writer.  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) May 29, 2017And if I could talk to him now I d tell him:  Donald, sticks and stones may break your bones but articles of impeachment will harm you.  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) May 29, 2017But what could have so damaged Trump that he would block Kalb? This.For the official record, here's the straw that broke the camel's back. Kalb out. pic.twitter.com/piv7T5wCC3  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) May 29, 2017Yes, that s it. She poked fun at his embarrassing trips abroad, his efforts to avoid serving in the military, and of course the idea of President Pence (shudder) taking over.Kalb took a moment to put this all into perspective, noting that  our president took more time to address a girl making fun of him on Twitter than the domestic terrorist who fatally stabbed 2 heroes. Today our president took more time to address a girl making fun of him on Twitter than the domestic terrorist who fatally stabbed 2 heroes.  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) May 29, 2017Of course others on Twitter share Kalb s feeling of devastation   mainly because she s seemingly always there to mock The Donald and this block represents a huge hole in their lives:@th3j35t3r @bessbell I feel bad, I have been openly insulting him and nothing.  Andy Austin (@transitt) May 29, 2017@bessbell @sterlewine now you ll only be able to get your news from the lying fake news media.  \_( )_/  Lee Rosevere (@LeeRosevere) May 29, 2017@bessbell @SopanDeb achievement unlocked  Jodi Beggs (@jodiecongirl) May 29, 2017@bessbell gonna miss your replies. was maybe gonna vote for him after the orb soul-suck but this is a deal breaker.  Collin Duddy (@LoboExplosivo) May 29, 2017@bessbell @patstokes What a snowflake he is.  Tim Richards (@Aerohaveno) May 29, 2017@bessbell WOW. You ve officially taken up more of his attention than Tiffany  Jess Dweck (@TheDweck) May 29, 2017@bessbell He blocked me years ago for mentioning the supple hands of the 12 year old Chinese sweat shop girls who made his ties #guiltyconscience pic.twitter.com/gZ0cmfD1jC  Cool Daddy NedSparks (@NedSparks) May 29, 2017@bessbell President Snowflake  Steve Schreiber (@sschreiber13) May 29, 2017@bessbell @ClaraJeffery What a Snowflake  Christopher Lauer (@Schmidtlepp) May 29, 2017@bessbell OK Bess but you also got a shout out. This refers to you I think. pic.twitter.com/gbvTlgR0Te  Elliott Lusztig (@ezlusztig) May 29, 2017@magicmysh @bessbell It s an astonishing achievement, but I thought he was supposed to be president for all Americans?  Kent Parkstreet (@kentparkstreet) May 29, 2017@bessbell @th3j35t3r So, you finished the final level in Twitter. What s next? | Seriously, Congratulations, it s not easy to hit a sociopath like Trump.  jensbest (@jensbest) May 29, 2017@bessbell You have achieved a level of enlightenment few mortals can aspire to.  Jeff Blattner (@theblatt) May 29, 2017Trump s decision to block Kalb for hurting his feelings leaves the rest of us wondering what we re doing wrong.Featured image via US Navy/screengrab",0
1336, State Department Official Says Trump Acted like a “Drunk Tourist” in Europe,"President Donald Trump just completed his first foreign trip and the verdict is decidedly mixed as to how well he fared in Europe. For his part, Trump is saying his entire visit to the Middle East and Europe was a  home run.  Not everyone is so convinced.An official with the State Department told the Daily Beast that the president behaved like a  drunk tourist.  The official continued to say,  When it comes to diplomacy, President Trump is a drunk tourist.Loud and tacky, shoving his way around the dance floor. He steps on others without realizing it. It s ineffectual. Trump s problems started in Vatican City when he met with Pope Francis. The Pope and Trump have clashed before. Last year the Pontiff questioned Trump s faith and said that anyone who pushes building walls rather than bridges is  not Christian.  Trump blasted back and slammed the Pope for questioning his faith. From a comment Francis made to First Lady Melania Trump about the president s weight to the meeting itself, where the Pope asked Trump to rethink his stance on climate change, the meetings were fraught with tension.That tension continued when Trump arrived at the G7 meetings. First, he pushed the prime minister of Montenegro out of the way so he could be at the front of the photo of the world leaders:",0
1337, Trump BUSTED Giving The Middle Finger To Italy’s Prime Minister (VIDEO),"If you didn t already think Donald Trump embarrassed our country at the G7 summit in Sicily, wait till you see this.Like a 12-year-old whose mommy told him he can t buy the new gold-plated, diamond-encrusted fidget spinner, Trump flipped a world leader  the bird  with an age-old  I m going to pretend to scratch my face  move that has never fooled a single person.After Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni greeted his peers with a friendly  Buongiorno,  Trump wasted no time in being a complete dick to him.Gentiloni looked at Trump like he was a petulant child with whom the adults in the room were forced to deal, then continued speaking.Recently, the Prime Minister encouraged Trump to accept more refugees fleeing violence and to devote some money to rescue efforts in the Mediterranean Sea   something that seems to have irritated Trump.Watch it happen below:Featured iamge via screengrab",0
1338," Rick Santorum Advises President To Quit Tweeting, Trump Responds Via Twitter","In a recent interview with CNN, former senator and Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum hinted that President Trump s time so far in office would be more successful and that he still has the ability to become a better leader if he makes one simple change   Just stop tweeting.During Sunday morning s edition of State of the Union with Dana Bash, Santorum made his point clear in absolutely no uncertain terms.  If you tweet every day and complain about the media and complain about how you are being treated, you re going to be sidetracked and you re not going to get your deals done. That s the message,  Santorum said, almost trying to channel the president directly by staring straight into the camera and using terms that Trump could relate to in order to get his advice across.Donald Trump has just concluded his first ever overseas trip as President of the United States, a nine-day journey into the Middle East, and during that time he had been using social media a lot less, staying more focused on the task at hand. However, almost immediately upon his return to the White House, the President took to Twitter to voice his displeasure at a number of topics, but mainly on opinions that differ to his own in what has become his latest catchphrase, the  Fake News. British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U.K. gave to U.S. about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full details!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 28, 2017Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems & Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 28, 2017 .it is very possible that those sources don t exist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 28, 2017Whenever you see the words  sources say  in the fake news media, and they don t mention names .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 28, 2017It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 28, 2017It seems more than a little ironic that a President who ran an entire campaign based on information gathered from unnamed sources would be so against their use when others do likewise and Rick Santorum agreed, stating that focusing on these petty grudges is what is preventing Trump from concentrating completely on his duties as President. The last nine days have hopefully shown the President that if you stay on message, you stick to the script, you focus on policy, you drive home the messages that you talked about during the campaign and that people in America are excited about, you can be a great president,  Santorum said. The fact is that this administration should be doing so well, and could be doing so well, if they just focused on getting their agenda passed. Not one to take criticism, constructive or otherwise, in his stride, President Trump decided to air his dissatisfaction at Santorum s claims in the only way he knows   By taking to Twitter:The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging & demeaning my use of social media because they don t want America to hear the real story!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 29, 2017Featured image via Christopher Furlong/Getty Images",0
1339, White House Officials Push For Kushner To Step Aside Amid Russia Scandal,"Donald Trump keeps digging himself deeper and deeper into a hole where Russia is concerned. His entire term has been plagued by a steady drip of leaks regarding his shady Russian ties. The latest revelation to become front page news is that his son-in-law and senior advisor, Jared Kushner, was trying to establish a secret line of communication between Trump and the Kremlin.Not surprisingly, administration officials are pushing for Kushner to step aside and take a leave of absence amid his current Russian scandal. According to ABC News, members of Trump s inner circle  are saying it might be time for Jared Kushner to take a leave of absence from the White House. Last week, it was announced that Kushner had come under intense scrutiny by the FBI because of his suspicious contacts with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, as well as a Russian banking executive. Then the Washington Post reported on Friday that Kushner had been attempting to set up a  back channel  of communication between Trump and Moscow.To call this news a bombshell (a term that has become a cliche with Trump in the White House) would be an understatement. Former intelligence officials, with decades of experience, say they had never seen anything like this before and described the news as off the map,   explosive,  and  extremely dangerous. Both Trump s former campaign manager Paul Manafort and former National Security Advisor Mike Flynn were forced to resign when news broke of their Russian ties. It now looks like Kushner might soon be following in their footsteps.Watch more here, via ABC News:NEW: @jonkarl: People close to the president are saying it might be time for Jared Kushner to take a leave of absence from the White House. pic.twitter.com/pIgqkNJNx1  This Week (@ThisWeekABC) May 28, 2017Featured image via Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
1340, Germany’s Merkel Issues DIRE Warning To Europe: America Is No Longer To Be Trusted (DETAILS),"It s no secret that German Chancellor Angela Merkel is no fan of Donald Trump. They had a frosty visit when she visited the United States. He infamously refused to shake her hand for the cameras as is customary in the Oval Office, and even reportedly presented her with some kind of bogus  bill  for supposed expenses with regards to financial obligations to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO).Combine that with the fact that Trump publicly scolded our fellow NATO member nations at the summit in Brussels, and you have a recipe for Chancellor Merkel coming to a very grave conclusion: The United States of America can no longer be trusted to defend its NATO allies and support Article V   which states that when one nation is attacked, all nations are attacked   as long as Donald Trump is president. This is an especially striking blow, since the only time Article V of NATO has been invoked is when the U.S. was attacked on September 11, 2001.With all of this in mind, Merkel has made a stunning and historic statement to her fellow member nations of the European Union: Thanks to Trump, America is not to be relied on any longer. Merkel said of Trump s America: The times in which we could completely depend on others are on the way out. I ve experienced that in the last few days. We Europeans truly have to take our fate into our own hands. Merkel had the same advice regarding Great Britain, though with less harsh words. She still insists that respectful relationships with Britain and America will be maintained, but told the remaining European Union nations, we have to fight for our own destiny. Another warning came as a result of Trump s refusal to commit to the Paris Climate Agreement at the G7 Summit. All of the other six member nations of the agreement reaffirmed their commitment to addressing the problem of climate change, but Trump   and thus the United States   did not. Merkel said that this is a  very difficult, not to say very unsatisfactory  development and a six against one  dialogue with regards to a grave world matter. A matter that, by the way, Trump has previously called a hoax. Here is the tweet that confirms his crazy views there:The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 6, 2012In short, with Donald Trump as president, the United States of America is no longer the leader of the free world. Germany is. Hopefully, Merkel gets re-elected, and can diminish Trump s power on the world stage until he is either impeached and removed from office, resigns, or his term ends.The fate of the free world depends on it.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
1341, Paul Ryan Is So Unpopular Even 8th Graders Refuse To Pose In Pic With Him (VIDEO),"House Speaker Paul Ryan is hugely unpopular, garnering only a 29 percent approval rating. Apparently, 8th graders disapprove of him, too. While on a field trip in Washington, D.C. on Friday, about half of the 8th-grade students from a South Orange Middle School refused to do a photo-op with Ryan. Instead, the nearly 100 students opted to sit in a parking lot across the street while the remaining students took part in the photo op, according to Mashable.Elissa Malespina, a school librarian and the parent one of the eighth graders who declined the photo op, said that she is proud of her son. I am so proud of my son and 1/2 the 8th grade at South Orange Middle School,  Malespina wrote on Facebook.  They went to D.C. on a field trip and toured the Capitol building. The kids had a chance to have their picture taken with Paul Ryan and over half the class choose not to, including my son! What a powerful statement. I can t take a picture with someone who supports a budget that would destroy public education and would leave 23 million people without healthcare,  Matthew Malespina, a student at the school, told The Village Green. It s not just a picture,  student Matthew told ABC News.  It s being associated with a person who puts his party before his country. I think that taking the picture represents that you agree with the same political views and I don t agree with his political views so I chose not to be in it,  eighth grader Wendy Weeks said.To some of the students, it had to do with Ryan s association with Donald Trump. I didn t want to be in [the picture] because he believes in most of what Trump believes in,  Louisa Maynard-Parisi, told The Village Green.Even though their politics might be different from Ryan s, other students decided to participate. I thought it would be interesting to see one of the nation s lawmakers in person even if I strongly disagree with many of his views,  said Alex Klint, one of the 8th-grader s said.Residents weighed in with conflicted feelings. I m sort of torn on this (although each kid has the right to make this choice),  wrote one SOMA resident.  Even though I totally disagree with everything he stands for, he is a legitimately elected official and represents our government at work. Meeting our representatives is an honor for a kid at least for what the office stands for (even if the person occupying that chair is less than honorable). And I do feel if there had been some conservative school where the kids refused to pose with President Obama, we would have been appalled by that,  the resident added.Matthew s mother told the paper,  It is his right as a citizen to do so and I commend him and his fellow students for doing so in a respectful way. Listen to the children they get it. Photo by Olivier Douliery via Getty Images.",0
1342, France’s President Confirms He Intentionally Humiliated Trump With That Handshake (VIDEO),"It was the cringe-inducing handshake seen   and mocked   around the world. Trump sat down with the new president of France, reached out his hand, and this was the result.What made the situation that much more awkward for Trump is that he has a well-known, albeit bizarre, habit of trying to humiliate others with his handshakes. Repeatedly, he has gone into a handshake with a foreign leader only to yank their arms and pull them in. He s a 70-year-old who cannot do a simple handshake without making everyone uncomfortable.Macron was reportedly warned ahead of time that Trump s handshakes were designed to be as awkward as possible. A Washington Post writer described the moment Macron s adviser was tipped off that an embarrassing incident was coming: Did you warn him about Trump s handshakes?  my philanthropist friend asked. A look of surprise popped on Araud s face as he inquired what exactly did that mean. Both of us told him about Trump s affinity for the alpha male, grab-and-pull power pump that always seemed to reduce the other person to a rag doll. Forewarned, Araud said he would alert Macron.So Macron came prepared. And the result was that the tables were completely turned on Trump.That was, according to Macron s own admission, by design. In a follow-up interview, Macron said he grasped onto Trump s hand with an iron grip with the intention of showing Trump he wasn t about to be made a fool of. My handshake with him, it wasn t innocent. He added:  One must show that you won t make small concessions, even symbolic ones, but also not over-publicise things, either. Macron s office confirmed the veracity of the president s comments in Le Journal du Dimanche.He described the handshake seen  round the world as a  moment of truth  for Trump. The Republican president had come to bully his European allies   instead they, to a person, stood up to him. The handshake was a symbol of that defiance.Macron might turn into the go-to guy for how to subvert Trump s outsized ego. In a later moment of pure trolling, he subtly put Trump in his place with this brutal greeting.  Bruxelles, unis avec nos alli s de @NATO. pic.twitter.com/7nyaoI8hki  Emmanuel Macron (@EmmanuelMacron) May 25, 2017Vive la France!Featured image via YouTube",0
1343, Donald Trump Was Tweeting Again Last Night; He’s Furious About The Russian Leaks,"Donald Trump was away for a bit over a week, which seemed to take his mind off the American media. He returned, however, to find a media firestorm over a story that is only getting worse; his son-in-law Jared Kushner is a person of interest in the FBI s investigation into Russian collusion, and the only defense, according to Trump, is that the media is  fake. It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 28, 2017Whenever you see the words  sources say  in the fake news media, and they don t mention names .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 28, 2017Whenever you see the words  sources say  in the fake news media, and they don t mention names .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 28, 2017 .it is very possible that those sources don t exist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 28, 2017The response is to a story that surfaced on Friday night saying that Kushner may have tried to set up a private channel between Russia and the Trump administration, before Trump took office.The White House was trying to figure out how to respond to reports that Mr. Kushner had spoken in December with Russia s ambassador, Sergey I. Kislyak, about establishing a secret channel between his father-in-law s transition team and Moscow to discuss the war in Syria and other issues. The Washington Post first reported on the suggestion on Friday, and three people informed about it confirmed it to The New York Times.Source: New York TimesRather than deny the validity of the story, though, Trump, like always attacked the messenger. Yes, the story does attribute anonymous sources, but if you recall, Richard Nixon was taken down by an anonymous source.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images.",0
1344, Trump’s Bizarre Behavior At G7 Leaves The World Questioning His Health (VIDEO),"While the other six world leaders at the G7 (Group of Seven) walked a short 700 yards through Taormina, Sicilly, Donald Trump, for whatever reason, rode a golf cart. That and several other weird behaviors leave the country and the world wondering if Trump is physically prepared to be President.The Times of London reported the six other world leaders   from Britain, Canada, France, Germany, Italy and Japan   walked 700 yards to take a group photo at a piazza in a hilltop town. The U.S. leader decided to wait until he could get a golf cart.Trump was late for the photo, but joined the other world leaders during the walk down from the piazza.Source: The HillThe hits just keep on comin   Leaders of France, Ger, Italy, Japan, Canada & UK walk the streets of Taormina. Trump follows in a golf cart  pic.twitter.com/MAEuwkY7ud  Maggie Jordan: (@MaggieJordanACN) May 27, 2017It is possible that Trump simply didn t want to accompany the other world leaders, especially after he was the only one who wouldn t commit to the Paris climate change deal or because during his more than week away, he s proven himself to be a laughing stock and a buffoon. It s also possible that Trump simply wasn t physically up to the walk.Trump began his trip by blaming gaffes on  exhaustion. He seemed to forget (or didn t know) that Israel was part of the Middle East.Oh man, watch Israeli ambassador Ron Dermer (on right couch) react when Trump says in Israel We just got back from the Middle East.  pic.twitter.com/x7nb4uvqpR  (((Yair Rosenberg))) (@Yair_Rosenberg) May 22, 2017Then there was the time Trump wandered off the stage, apparently confused.he s just not there. there s nothing going on in that head. pic.twitter.com/dvUDznjvae  Adam Parkhomenko (@AdamParkhomenko) May 26, 2017The social media world has noticed.The greatest risk to the Trump presidency is his health. He may need a trainer and dietician more than a lawyer to review his tweets https://t.co/agsDralEuz  Mark Cuban (@mcuban) May 27, 2017Confused, wandering off while in Israel. Unable to stroll w/G7 leaders today. Trump s 1st trip raising Qs about his mental & physical health  The Daily Edge (@TheDailyEdge) May 27, 2017Some see something else going on:Donald Trump s sudden  health problems  on Saudi trip could be laying groundwork for resignation https://t.co/4B4ymvxpG1 pic.twitter.com/Za34HO9gEL  McSpocky  ?? (@mcspocky) May 25, 2017If you recall, during the election, Trump made a very big deal out of Hillary Clinton contracting pneumonia. He accused her of lacking the stamina for the job, despite the fact that as Secretary of State she logged nearly 1,000,000 miles. Trump, on the other hand, is used to golfing every weekend.We have never had a health assessment of Donald Trump, unless you count a bizarre letter that was read on Dr. Oz, which claimed he would be the  healthiest president in history. Featured image via Sean Gallup/Getty Images",0
1345, Trump’s Team Just Found A New Way To Babysit Him: This Is A New Low (DETAILS),"The White House is finally wising up and realizing that America s current president is a toddler, and Donald Trump literally cannot be left alone for a moment because he might further incriminate himself or cause another PR disaster.Many people have remarked that while Trump s first overseas trip has been filled with several embarrassing moments and blunders, his activity on Twitter has been uncharacteristically calm. There s a reason for that, and it might become a more permanent thing in the future.According to the Wall Street Journal, Trump s Twitter account may be going under a sort of lockdown that could be implemented long term. This includes a team of lawyers whose sole task is to vet Trump s Twitter activity to make sure he doesn t make himself or his administration look bad. Seriously, how sad is it that a POTUS has so little self control that he needs a team of lawyers to monitor his social media activity?! This is what the WSJ reported:One major change under consideration would vet the president s social media posts through a team of lawyers, who would decide if any needed to be adjusted or curtailed. The idea, said one of Mr. Trump s advisers, is to create a system so that tweets  don t go from the president s mind out to the universe. In its report, the WSJ gave some cringeworthy examples of how Trump s tweets have gone astray, such as the time he accused former president Barack Obama of  wiretapping  him, and the time he implied that his conversations with former FBI Director James Comey were taped.Former campaign aide Barry Bennett doubts that this plan will work, as he said  I would be shocked if he would agree to that  when told about Trump s proposed Twitter surveillance. However, that s not all the lawyers will be sought out for. It s being reported that Trump will also meet with attorneys to  help deal with the legal ramifications of the Russia investigation.  Lord knows Trump needs all the help he can get.Featured image via Pool / Getty Images",0
1346, Donald Trump Complains To Europe That They Make It Too Hard For Him To Get Richer,"During the presidential campaign, Donald Trump was thrilled when Great Britain voted to leave the European Union. Now that he s on his first world trip as BLOTUS and after calling one of our greatest allies  bad, very bad,  he finally fessed up his real beef with the European Union, and if you haven t guessed, it s that it s too hard for him to get richer.While Trump did love one thing about Europe, the Belgian chocolates, which he called  the best,  which is high praise coming from the man who claims to know a lot about chocolate, at least in cake form.Our national laughing stock didn t leave it there, though. He admitted that the real problem he has with Europe has nothing to do with global economics or even immigration. Trump s problem with Europe is that it takes him too long to open golf courses.According to one source to The Guardian: He made a lot of references to his personal journey. He explained, for example, the functioning of Europe on the basis of his difficulties in doing business in Ireland,  one source told the Francophone paper.A second source told the newspaper:  Every time we talk about a country, he remembered the things he had done. Scotland? He said he had opened a club. Ireland? He said it took him two and a half years to get a licence and that did not give him a very good image of the European Union. One feels that he wants a system where everything can be realised very quickly and without formalities. This, in a nutshell, perfectly encapsulates most of what is wrong with Trump. While he s playing the role of world leader, in reality, his world view is so small that if it s not directly about him, he tunes out. He won t even read his national security briefings unless the authors pepper his name frequently throughout. Even then, the briefings have to be short and it s best if they contain pictures.Even beyond that, Trump is a businessman, and regardless of the fact that he technically works for us, he s still only working to enrich himself.Featured image via Franco Origilia/Getty Images.",0
1347, Breitbart Caught Praising Melania For Exact Thing They Once Viciously Smeared Michelle Obama Over,"In a stunning example of just how morally bankrupt right-wing media has become in the Age of Trump, Breitbart   the conservative website often described as Trump s de facto propaganda wing   wrote a lavish piece praising Melania Trump for her  high fashion  outfits while accompanying her husband on his first overseas trip.Who cares, right? Why would anyone have a problem with what the first lady is wearing on a trip?Well, Breitbart, the very same website, seems to   albeit only when it s the African-American wife of America s first African-American president. Here s the sneering way they covered Michelle Obama s decision to wear a $3,200 dress on the former president s visit with the pope.Politico reports that First Lady Michelle Obama, looking lovely and classy, greeted Pope Francis Tuesday while wearing a $2,290 dress. While the Obamas are not Catholics, this is still a finger-in-the-eye to a White House guest who frequently speaks out   to wild Democrat applause   about the evils of excessive capitalism.And adding to the absurd critique:According to WorldVision, you can feed a child for just $35  a month. Michelle Obama s dress would feed over 80 children for that month. This choice obviously is contrary to the values of Pope Francis. But the Obamas  religious values come from elsewhere, a divisive and disturbing place, not a charitable or unifying one.Almost beyond parody.Flash forward to this weekend. Melania was treated to a photo spread, with Brietbart praising her outfits, including an expensive custom-made creation from fashion designer Dolce & Gabbana.In a visit to meet Pope Francis, Melania worked with Dolce & Gabbana, again, on a stunning custom-made, black coat-dress that showed off a beautiful round collar, framing the First Lady s face. The look was paired with a black lace Mantilla and black Manolo Blahnik stilettos, sticking to the Vatican dress code.The next day, Melania would don a dress that cost $51,000. Conservatives didn t bat an eye.Let s crunch those numbers through Breitbart s bullshit calculator:According to WorldVision, you can feed a child for just $35 a month. Melania Trump s dress would feed over 1400 children for a month. But then the Trump s religious values come from elsewhere, a divisive and disturbing place, not a charitable one. (This comparison, however tongue-in-cheek, is actually unfair in more ways than one, the Obamas actually do have a history of charitable giving. Trump is famous for not donating to charity. A truly  divisive and disturbing  worldview, if there ever was one.)As the above passages exemplify, Breitbart loved to apply ridiculous, nonsense standards to the Obamas that they would never dream of holding the Trump family up to. The website once run by anti-Semite Steve Bannon and which has a section devoted to  black crime  has some pretty obvious, bigoted reasons for hating the Obamas. It s egregious but not particularly surprising then that they would find the white first lady s opulence charming while finding the black first lady s show of class distressing.Featured image via Franco Origlia/Getty Images / h/t Mikel Jollett",0
1348," Angela Merkel Brilliantly Trashed Trump Yesterday, And His Response Is Beyond Pathetic (DETAILS)","Yesterday, Donald Trump visited Brussels and met with several top leaders of the European Union. As expected, he completely blew it and humiliated America once again.Earlier that day, German leader Angela Merkel had spoken at NATO HQ, where she took a shot at Trump when she said it wasn t the  building of walls that makes us successful.  Merkel and Trump already have a rocky relationship, as America s unworthy POTUS has publicly disrespected Merkel several times. Trump had responded by criticizing NATO for not putting enough money toward defense, but apparently he didn t get it all out of his system. While in Brussels, Trump continued to lash out at Merkel with his usual childish behavior and went off on a disgusting rant against the Germans.German publication Der Spiegel reported that as Trump spoke to EU Commissioner Jean-Claude Juncker and European Council President Donald Tusk, Trump further damaged America s standing with Germany by saying this: The Germans are bad, very bad. Trump also promised to put an end to German car sales in the United States: Look at the millions of cars they sell in the US, and we ll stop that. Junker tried to explain to incompetent Trump that free trade was beneficial, and EU attendees expressed concern that Trump actually had no idea how EU trade agreements actually worked, and that America couldn t isolate Germany in negotiations.Overall, Trump s statements about Germany were extremely embarrassing and a pathetic response driven by Trump s fragile ego. It couldn t be more clear that Trump has no idea what he s doing as POTUS, and has even less awareness about how America s relations with other parts of the world really work. Every time he meets with world leaders, he shames our country and his first overseas trip couldn t be better proof of that.Featured image via Sean Gallup / Getty Images",0
1349, White House Staffer On Kushner FBI Investigation: ‘Jared Is So F***ed’,"Jared Kushner, one of Trump s senior advisers and his son-in-law, has come under FBI scrutiny in the Russia investigation so the probe is hitting close to home for the current occupant of the White House. Officials say that the probe does not mean that Kushner is suspected of a crime or that they intend to charge him, but investigators believe Trump s son-in-law has significant information relevant to their inquiry.Earlier this month it was revealed that law enforcement agents are scrutinizing a  senior White House adviser  who is  close to the president  as a  person of interest  in their investigation of Trump s Russian influence scandal. That person was not named at the time but many speculated that it was Kushner, however, with so many in Trump s administration having ties to Russia, it could have been anyone. That speculation was confirmed on Thursday.One White House staffer responded to the news, saying that Kushner is  f*cked. WH staffer upon learning from NBC News that Jared Kushner is under FBI investigation in the Russia probe: ""Jared is so fucked.""#JailJared  Jon Cooper (@joncoopertweets) May 25, 2017As The Washington Post notes, it isn t just about collusion with Russia in the 2016 election in regards to Kushner. It goes beyond Kushner meeting with Russian officials after Trump was elected.In addition to possible coordination between the Kremlin and the Trump campaign to influence the 2016 presidential election, investigators are also looking broadly into possible financial crimes   but the people familiar with the matter, who were not authorized to speak publicly, did not specify who or what was being examined.But Russia is a problem, too, for Kushner who is usually very quiet and sits silently in meetings next to his father-in-law.Kushner met with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak and then with Sergey Gorkov, the head of Vnesheconombank, which faced U.S. sanctions after Russia s annexation of Crimea.Trump will be raging about leaks any minute now, but this highlights the dysfunctionality of White House. Trump believes, even though he s filed for bankruptcy multiple times and hasn t paid some of his own contractors, that he s a brilliant manager and businessman, but his own staffers are at battle with each other. The alleged president aids that by throwing them under the bus as he considers staff shake-ups at the White House. Adding to that, after Trump denies something, he is defended on TV by his staff, then he implicates himself later on Twitter, thus denying his own White House s defense.Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
1350," Dear President Moron: Since You Don’t Seem To Get How NATO Works, Please Allow Me To Educate You","Donald Trump doesn t like NATO. Much like the fact he doesn t understand NATO, this is clear. On the campaign trail, his common statement was that the alliance was  obsolete.  He has dozens of quotes trashing the alliance. Now, he endlessly rails against our allies  not meeting financial obligations    which do not exist. We ll explore why those obligations do not exist in a moment, but for now, a simple metaphor to explain why nobody owes NATO or the United States a dime:Imagine you re in a homeowners association, which collects small fees to run a neighborhood watch, and also, one of the bylaws deals with appearances   a guideline states all members should spend two percent of household income on the yard, paint, etc. Imagine a neighbor fails to meet the two percent benchmark. Did they fulfill the guideline s obligation? No. Do they owe you, their neighbor, money? No, that s silly. You aren t paying for their yard, and the fees have already been collected for the  collective  spending on the neighborhood watch. You can be pissed their yard doesn t look as good as yours, but they re not costing you a dime, and they owe you nothing. That s why world leaders openly laughed at Trump s idiotic nonsense at his NATO speech. He has no understanding of how this works. NATO, as an organization, has its own funding:The North Atlantic alliance has its own military budget worth  1.29 billion ($1.4 billion), which is used to fund some operations and the NATO strategic command center, as well as training and research. But it is miniscule compared to overall spending on defense by NATO countries, which NATO estimates will total more than $921 billion in 2017.The alliance also has a civilian budget of  234.4 million ($252 million), used mainly to fund the NATO headquarters in Belgium, and its administration. (Source)Who pays how much is determined by the size of the economy of each country:The U.S. share is calculated on the basis of gross national income   the total domestic and foreign output claimed by residents of a country   and adjusted regularly. Currently that would be about 22 percent, compared to about 15 percent for Germany, 11 percent for France, 10 percent for the United Kingdom, 8 percent for Italy, 7 percent for Canada, and so forth.When conservatives say the United States pays 22 percent of the budget for NATO, and then list our own defense spending, that s extremely misleading. Let s examine the following paragraph from Fox Business:The United States contributed more than 22 percent of the organization s budget in 2016, according to White House data, far outpacing all other members. The government spent 3.6 percent of GDP, or $664 billion, on defense. The United States  financial commitments to defense have fallen over recent years, down from more than $757.4 billion in 2009. However, President Trump s new budget looks to reverse that trend with a $54 billion injection into the defense sector.Despite the first two sentences being placed side-by-side, they are unrelated. We did pay 22 percent of NATO s budget. We also paid $664 billion for our own defense. Those two numbers are unrelated because we pay NATO less than $500 million per year (PDF). It s almost as if Trump never bothers to read anything, and that the outlets which support him are willing to publish any lie (or truth twisted beyond recognition, to the point of lying, such as in this case) to try and make his ignorant incompetence more palatable.And considering we are the largest member nation by orders of magnitude, and that the American empire has 300,000 soldiers stationed in 150 nations around the globe, it makes sense that we would be spending the most money on our own military. Other member nations do not have a global military force. We have a standing army three times larger than every other member except Turkey. NATO is not responsible for each nation s national defense; there is no collective spending pool for each nation s military. NATO is a military alliance that says  I ve got your back if you get attacked.  The alliance has guidelines   not rules   and advice on how to best allocate funding for national defense in order to prevent war in the first place. Deterrence through preparedness.So when Fox News or Donald Trump tell you our allies aren t paying their fair share for  collective defense,  or that the United States is spending far more to support NATO than they are, that s simply bullshit. That s not NATO s budget   the numbers they are talking about are a guideline for national defense, not NATO. And they re just that   a guideline. There is no penalty for spending less than two percent of GDP on the military. In fact, our bloated and wasteful military budget is not something to brag about. A certain quote by President Dwight Eisenhower comes to mind:Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired signifies, in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. This world in arms is not spending money alone. It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children. The cost of one modern heavy bomber is this: a modern brick school in more than 30 cities. It is two electric power plants, each serving a town of 60,000 population. It is two fine, fully equipped hospitals. It is some fifty miles of concrete pavement. We pay for a single fighter with a half-million bushels of wheat. We pay for a single destroyer with new homes that could have housed more than 8,000 people. . . . This is not a way of life at all, in any true sense. Under the cloud of threatening war, it is humanity hanging from a cross of iron.There is one point that I will begrudgingly give Trump   our allies are over-reliant on the fact they have a military juggernaut in their alliance. They are meeting their financial obligations to NATO, despite what Trump says. However, there s a reason that NATO has a two percent guideline for spending on national defense   as stated above, preparedness through deterrence. Right now, for many members, deterrence comes from big brother on the west side of the Atlantic. Yet Trump s misleading rhetoric on this subject is masking the reality   they re already moving to expand their military budgets and have been for three years, thanks to the growing threat of Trump s buddy Putin, who has demonstrated in Ukraine and Georgia that he is willing to violate the sovereignty of and use force against his neighbors.Here s more, via CNN:At a summit in 2014, all members who were falling short promised to move toward the official target within a decade.That pledge appears to be holding: The alliance as a whole increased defense spending for the first time in two decades in 2015.So why don t more countries spend 2% of GDP? Many experts point out that the target is problematic.NATO has warned against a rush to spend for the sake of spending, emphasizing that budget decisions must be based on strategic planning. For example, it wants countries to spend 20% of their defense budgets on equipment.Some member countries simply don t have armies big enough to be able to absorb a huge increase in funding quickly   that s why the 2014 summit pledge gave laggards until 2024 to do more.So, Trump s badgering is pointless. Latvia, for example, increased spending by over 40 percent last year alone. Almost every other member nation is steadily increasing military spending to be on track with the two percent of GDP guideline and the pledge made in 2014, which already solved this problem. In fact, his stance on this issue is somewhat more sinister than just military buildup: he is accomplishing nothing but seeding ill will among our closest allies. Between his blatant disrespect and refusal to directly endorse Article 5, it seems more like he is trying to sabotage NATO than improve it. And notably, we are the only nation to ever invoke Article 5 and call our allies to our defense. Soldiers from other nations fought and died for ours, and now when asked to state we will come to their defense, Trump won t say so. Instead, he demands money he isn t owed.And who benefits from all of this the most?Russia.Featured image via Stefan Rousseau   Pool/Getty Images",0
1351," Under The GOP’s Health Care Bill, Premiums Could Rise By Up To 850% For Low-Income Older Americans","If you are a low-income earner and over 64 years of age, just be warned: You will be paying more than half of your annual income on health insurance in the individual market under the Republican Party s new health care bill set to replace Obamacare, the American Health Care Act.The Congressional Budget Office found that the revised bill does, in fact, bring down overall premiums in the individual market at a rate of between four to twenty percent by 2026 when compared to the current law. The variation in percentage differs state-by-state, depending on whether the state accepts regulatory waivers under the American Health Care Act, which would allow insurers to offer much skimpier health plans at lower premiums. What this means is that states that allow the waivers would have far lower premiums, but the individual would be covered for a lot less, as well, whereas states that don t have the waivers would have a higher rate, but more comprehensive coverage.Premiums would also differ greatly depending on age and income and it looks pretty grim for individuals in an older age bracket who are on a fixed income.Using an annual income of $26,500 as an example, an individual aged 21 years old may have an advantage with the new scheme. Currently, under the Affordable Care Act, that individual pays an average of $1,700 per year on insurance premiums. This amount would drop to just $1,250 under the American Health Care Act if their state accepts regulatory waivers, although they would be covered for less. In a state that doesn t accept waivers, the average premiums for a 21-year-old would actually increase by around $50 per annum to about $1,750 per year.However, a 64-year-old on an annual income of $26,500 is currently still spending that average amount of $1,700 per annum on premiums under Obamacare, but things look pretty bleak under the American Health Care Act. Under the new Republican bill, roughly 60 percent of their income will go toward insurance premiums if they live in a state that doesn t accept waivers, forking out around $16,500 a year. It s still not a whole lot better in other states, where they would be paying $13,600, still more than half of their wages.If, however, that 64-year-old is making at least $68,200 per year, they look to be better off in certain situations under the Republican Party s new scheme, one whose tax credit is based on age, not income. An annual income of $68,200 is too high to receive a tax credit under Obamacare so the individual would be expected to pay $15,300 in insurance premiums, whereas under Trump s American Health Care Act, their premium would drop to $13,600 in a state that accepts regulatory waivers, but would actually increase to $16,100 in a state that doesn t.The reason for this is not just the age-factor, but also because the tax credit under the American Health Care Act starts phasing out at $75,000. Individuals on a yearly income of $75,000 or more will receive fewer, if any, subsidies under the new Republican bill and can expect to pay more in premiums than they would under the Affordable Care Act.This is all achieved in a variety of ways. First, Obamacare s income-based tax credits, which gave more to low-income earners, will be abolished and replaced with a tax-credit based on age for those with an annual salary below $75,000, one that gives older people slightly more. Also, the American Health Care Act adjusts a rule that Obamacare had in place to protect older people from higher premiums. This rule takes into consideration that the elderly are generally in worse health than the young so insurers are only allowed to charge an older person about three times what they would charge a younger person. Under the new Republican bill, insurers would be able to charge an older person five times what they would charge a younger person, 66 percent more than they could under Obamacare.As a result, the Republican bill will, in theory, bring insurance premiums down in general, but at the expense of older and poorer Americans. Nobody knew health care would be so complicated.Featured image via Bill Clark-Pool/Getty Images",0
1352, Ben Carson Believes Poverty Is Just A ‘State Of Mind’ And People Aren’t Happy About It,"Ben Carson, the head of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, has come under fire for comments he made during a radio interview on Tuesday when he called poverty a  state of mind  live on air. A statement like that would be quite low coming from anyone, but it takes on a whole new meaning when it comes from the lips of the man who oversees the department that handles housing for millions of low-income Americans.The statement was made when Carson was being interviewed by conservative media personality and personal friend, Armstrong Williams. Carson, a retired neurosurgeon, has dealt directly with poverty himself and credits his mother for getting his family out of that situation, but that didn t stop him from implying that some people are just poor because they have a negative outlook on life.According to a transcript of the interview with Williams that was released on Wednesday, Carson didn t shy away from making his feelings on the subject known.  I think poverty to a large extent is also a state of mind,  he said.  You take somebody that has the right mindset, you can take everything from them and put them on the street, and I guarantee in a little while they ll be right back up there. But he didn t stop there, adding that lending a helping hand to those in need may not even improve their lives if they don t have the right mental attitude, thus there s really no point in trying.  You take somebody with the wrong mindset, you can give them everything in the world   they ll work their way right back down to the bottom,  he continued, strong words coming from the man who is in charge of trying to keep roofs over the heads of those not exactly living in the lap of luxury.Not every low-income earner is presented with the same opportunities as Carson s mother, but in his opinion, that shouldn t even factor into the equation.  If everybody had a mother like mine, nobody would be in poverty,  Carson said.  She was a person who absolutely would not accept the status of victim. Naturally, Twitter exploded after the release of the transcript on Wednesday, as Twitter tends to do, with everyone from former Barack Obama advisor Valerie Jarrett to beloved Star Trek actor and human rights activist George Takei weighing in on Carson s comments.Poverty is a state of mind Ben Carson? Tell that to a kid who can t afford lunch for school or won t have anything to eat for dinner.  it s kimberly (@bkimberlyb) May 24, 2017Ben Carson said poverty is a state of mind.Next month, I m going to tell my landlord that I paid my rent with positive thinking!  Zerlina Maxwell (@ZerlinaMaxwell) May 24, 2017Ben Carson says that poverty is a  state of mind.  You know what else is a state of mind? Always being a blithering idiot.  George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) May 24, 2017Featured image via Larry French/Getty Images",0
1353, Politico Just Threw MAJOR Shade At Trump Over Merkel’s Meeting With Obama Ahead of NATO Summit,"Trump is not the only U.S. leader in Europe right now. Former President Obama is also there, and he met with German chancellor Angela Merkel before the big NATO summit. Merkel is up for re-election, and Obama gave her a strong endorsement, which made her Christian Democratic base happy. Unlike Trump, Obama remains very popular in Germany.And Politico, in covering this particular story, decided to throw a bit of shade in Trump s direction over Obama s meeting. Their headline for the story reads:  Merkel meets popular US president before seeing Trump. That was the caption on their tweet of the story as well:Merkel meets popular U.S. president   before seeing @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/eQ6endyszF via @POLITICOEurope pic.twitter.com/s55txBKAQn  POLITICO (@politico) May 25, 2017Seriously, Politico did that. And it s hilarious in light of the fact that Merkel and Obama continue to have a very strong relationship, while she really just can t stand Donald Trump. Obama received a warm welcome, and the two of them discussed the lessons of the Berlin Wall while in front of tens of thousands of cheering Germans at the 250-year old Brandenburg Gate. Trump, however, was greeted curtly and coolly in Brussels barely two hours later.Against the backdrop of the Brandenburg Gate, which survived WWII despite much of the rest of Berlin being destroyed, Obama himself threw a little shade at Trump over his isolationist,  America First  ideas: In this new world we live in, we can t isolate ourselves. We can t hide behind a wall. He also took aim at Trump for being a narcissistic prick: If I become so convinced that  I m always right,  the logical conclusion of that often ends up being great cruelty and great violence. In Brussels, Trump yelled at our allies again, claiming they aren t paying their fair share of defense expenses for NATO. Trump believes that our NATO allies are shoving their expenses off on us, and doesn t understand the treaty well enough to know that s not how it works.So Politico decided to demonstrate what Germany or at least Angela Merkel thinks about Obama versus what she thinks about Trump. Trump is ridiculous, and it s clear that at least some of our allies wish we still had Obama in office.Featured image by Stefan Rousseau Pool via Getty Images",0
1354," Trump Is Bragging About His Approval Rating, But There’s Just One Tiny Problem","The current occupant of the White House used to love to boast about his poll numbers until they started going south. After thoroughly embarrassing our country by being a total d*ck to a NATO leader while in Brussels, Belgium today, he took to his Twitter account to tout a conservative pollster s findings. Rasmussen Reports has a well known statistical bias toward Republicans, but even if we found them credible (they aren t), Trump s approval rating is still dismal. Trump has to be really desperate to brag about a 48 percent approval rating.Thank you for your support. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!#POTUSAbroad #USA?? pic.twitter.com/42vCwr5GkA  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 25, 2017Following former President Barack Obama s first 100 days, he garnered a 63% approval rating; 29 percent disapproval. Trump has a 41 percent approval with a 55 percent disapproval rating, according to the American Presidency Project.A Fox News  poll just released found that 40 percent of voters approve of the job Trump is doing   that number is down from 45 percent last month. Trump s disapproval is up 5 points to 53 percent. Approval from Republicans is dropping. A majority of those polled, 53 percent, thinks Trump s first few months in office shows his presidency is coming apart. And Mike Pence s poll numbers are taking a dive, too. Did we mention that that poll is from Fox News?Nate Silver at FiveThirtyEight shows how quickly Trump s approval rating has plummeted while his administration is inundated with scandals.Back to Trump s math problem.The Washington Post reports:In Pollster s running average, Trump is actually at 39.8 percent approval, worse than the 48 percent he touts. In RealClearPolitics  average, he does slightly better: 39.9 percent.The amateur president s approval rating after the first 100 days in office is historically low   the lowest number at that point in a presidency ever recorded by pollsters.But sure, if Trump wants to brag about a conservative-leaning poll so that he can cherry pick numbers, even though the rating is still really bad, then who are we to stop him.Rasmussen has Trump at a 52 percent disapproval rating and he thinks that s a good thing. Even by Rasmussen s findings, Obama polled far better. Let that sink in for a moment.Photo by Brian Blanco/Getty Images",0
1355, BREAKING: FBI Suspects Jared Kushner Of Being A Russian Stooge (DETAILS),"It was recently reported that someone within the highest ranks of the Trump White House was being looked at in the Trump-Russia investigation. Now, NBC News is reporting that it is indeed Donald Trump s son-in-law and closest adviser, Jared Kushner, who the FBI suspects of having a hand in the potential collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia in an effort to fix the 2016 presidential election.It seems that the agents probing this incredibly complex and sprawling case believe that Kushner knows more than he is letting on when it comes to what happened between the Russians and the Trump campaign in the efforts that very likely had a significant effect on the outcome of this election, and thus undermined our democracy and changed the course of history. Despite all of this, it is important to note that the investigation does not put Kushner on the same level as people like fired campaign chair Paul Manafort and disgraced National Security Adviser Michael Flynn. Both of those former Trump confidantes are actually targets in this investigation; in fact, Flynn has even defied Congress on the issue of subpoenaed documents. Still, though, Kushner is a Senior Adviser to Trump, and has the highest security clearance, which allows him access to the nation s most sensitive secrets. If he is potentially compromised by the Russians, this is a very serious situation indeed.As is always the case in such situations, Kushner s legal representative, Jamie Gorelick, has released the following statement: Mr. Kushner previously volunteered to share with Congress what he knows about these meetings. He will do the same if he is contacted in connection with any other inquiry. This is more than just an inquiry. Someone in the highest levels of our government, in the inner circle of this alleged  president,  inside our White House, is somehow possibly connected to the meddling in our democratic process by a foreign adversary.Jared Kushner needs to be removed immediately, with his security clearance revoked. Of course, with the GOP controlling everything, that won t happen, because they put party before country, and they don t care how dangerous this is.Be very, very afraid, America.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1356, WATCH: Trump Embarrasses America By Throwing Temper Tantrum In Front Of NATO Leaders,"Just remember this the next time we need help from our allies and they tell us to go f*ck ourselves.Donald Trump has been on a whirlwind foreign trip in which he has been embarrassing the red, white, and blue in every nation he has visited.First, he bowed like a princess before the Saudi king and even went full hypocrite by refusing to say  radical Islam  during his speech there.Then he went to Israel and confirmed that the Israelis were the source of the highly classified intelligence he leaked to the Russians.On Thursday, Trump delivered a speech in front of NATO leaders and insulted our allies.The whiny temper tantrum was all about Trump s complaint that some NATO nations have not paid enough for their own defense. I have been very, very direct with Secretary Stoltenberg and members of the alliance in saying that NATO members must finally contribute their fair share and meet their financial obligations. But 23 of the 28 member nations are still not paying what they should be paying and what they re supposed to be paying for their defense. This is not fair to the people and taxpayers of the United States, and many of these nations owe massive amounts of money from past years and not paying in those past years. Trump s speech may have gone down well with his conservative supporters in Redneckistan USA, but our allies were sure as hell pissed off. The looks on their faces as Trump bitched about them spoke volumes.Here s the video via YouTube:This was supposed to be a speech to unite Europe and the United States against terrorism. But what Trump did is divisive and totally counterproductive. It s also hypocritical considering how much money the United States owes to other nations. And, that s not how NATO works.Angering our allies won t help us win the war against terrorism. If anything, it only lets terrorists know that they are succeeding.Furthermore, while Trump was busy humiliating himself and our country, he failed to throw his support behind Article 5, a crucial part of the military alliance with the other NATO members that says all members will come to defense of any NATO member that comes under attack. In other words, if Russia attacked France tomorrow every NATO nation would be obligated to come to France s defense. But apparently, Trump didn t want to do anything to make Vladimir Putin angry. Trump s silence on Article 5 suggests that he would not come to the defense of any of our allies if they were to be attacked.Once again, Trump proves to be an embarrassment who has turned America into a laughingstock around the globe.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
1357," Trump And His ‘Street Fighters’ Prepare To Wage War On Leaks, Investigations (DETAILS)","Donald Trump has become increasingly paranoid and frustrated as the investigation into ties between his 2016 presidential campaign, his outside associates, and perhaps even himself and the Russian government heats up. There have already been two rounds of subpoenas issued to Trump s disgraced National Security Adviser, Michael Flynn, regarding this matter. Further, it doesn t help that Trump s own White House is leaking like a sieve to the New York Times and the Washington Post regarding the chaos within   especially when it comes to the handling of the Russia matter. Things are so worrisome at this point that Trump has already hired outside lawyers to represent him. So, how is Team Trump planning to handle all the scandal that continues to plague their White House? Why, they are going to wage war on investigators and leakers   for years, if necessary.Axios is reporting that Trump will have his  street fighters  devise a plan to target leaks from within the intelligence community and other parts of the government with zeal, and they also have come to realize that the Russia investigation is not going away just because they want it to. They cannot fire or lie their way out of this one, and the press isn t going to let go of a story this big. According to a Trump-backer, they are ready for this fight: The White House is embracing the fight, which is going to last as long as Donald Trump is president. We re getting street fighters ready to go. Axios has also obtained a detailed a  war room  plan regarding this escalating war between the White House and the rest of the government:The thing is, though, that the Trump White House can t even function on a day to day basis. They aren t even staffed up like a normal White House would be by now. The same goes for other major administration agencies, such as the State Department. Further, the chaos inside barely allows the staffers to get anything at all done other than try to control Trump s television time, feed him positive news so that he doesn t go off the rails too often, and to control his tweeting   which they seem to be failing miserable at.The idea that these incompetent wannabe authoritarians are any match for the apparatus of the United States government is downright laughable. Likely, we ll just get even more self-incrimination and meme-worthy buffoonery out of this plan.Good luck, Trump staffers. You ll need it.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1358, WH Sources: Reince Priebus Is Sh**tting His Pants Over Comey Memos,"The investigation into possible collusion between Donald Trump s campaign and Russia in an effort to fix the 2016 election took a dark turn for the White House when it was revealed that now-former FBI Director James Comey kept meticulous memos on significant conversations   particularly those he had with Trump and top White House officials. It seems that Comey was uneasy with Trump, and wanted to document and preserve the nature of conversations that he felt took turns into the land of the inappropriate   or even possibly the illegal.Now, it seems that Trump himself is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to these memos. White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus is reportedly very worried about what could be in the rest of the memos. Since all of the memos have been requested to be turned over to Congress, it s only a matter of time before Priebus   and the rest of the world   will know what is in those memos, and if Priebus is this worried, chances are he s going to be in deep shit.The main concern seems to be the fact that in February, when the Russia situation had just begun to circulate and dominate the news cycle, Priebus leaned on the FBI to do what it could to kill that story because it was harmful to the White House. Now, this is highly inappropriate at best. And with the credibility of this White House being beyond shot thanks to all the lies they ve told, it s likely that the American people, as well as Congress, will believe Comey s memos. Of course, at the time, then-Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe and then-FBI Director James Comey rejected even the idea of doing Priebus s bidding on this matter.Now that the memos have begun to drop, White House sources tell the Daily Beast that there is, quote,  sustained panic  in the West Wing over what could be in them. One staffer said: Reince is worried about leaks, since elements in the FBI seem determined to wage this war in the press. Initially the concern was about public perception trying to get Russia out of the headlines but it s looking more like this will be a drawn out legal battle too, even if [Trump associates are] eventually exonerated. The same person, speaking anonymously, went on to say that inside the West Wing that there is a sort of a sense that if there s damning information out there it s going to come out one way or another someone leaks it to the Times, or the president just blurts it out in an interview. The thing is, though, with this much smoke, there s likely fire somewhere. Priebus and others likely know this, even if they weren t directly involved in any wrongdoing. Just working in this White House at all could put someone in a position to follow orders that are at best improper and at worst criminal.Time to lawyer up, folks, and get out of this situation while you still can. Trump is going down, and if you guys stay, you ll go down with him.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1359, Watch Trump Shove Foreign Leader Out Of The Way So He Can Get In Front Of Photo Op (VIDEO),"Donald Trump met with the other members of NATO and it did not go well. From the moment he arrived, Trump appeared eager to take the spotlight and never give it up. The need to have attention reached a natural climax when Trump actually shoved the Prime Minister of Montenegro out of the way so he could take center stage in a photo op.Trump appears to shove Montenegro PM so he could be in front of NATO group https://t.co/CJYJJaPahY pic.twitter.com/53sIskTiBM  Amanda Wills (@AmandaWills) May 25, 2017It was an embarrassing capstone to Trump s rocky first trip abroad. Treated like royalty in Saudi Arabia   a strongarm theocracy which restricts the press and women from public engagement   Trump seemed the mark the country as the high point of his travels. Things went down hill from there, implicating himself in a classified intelligence leak while in Israel and then getting repeatedly upstaged by the Pope in the Vatican. And yet his final leg, a meeting with NATO, looks to be the one he s least comfortable in.After spending the 2016 campaign bashing his European counterparts and promising his supporters that he would be the bold, tough leader that Republicans insisted Obama was not, Trump arrived to the event only to find that he was the dullest tool in the shed. Making matters worse, everybody seemed to know it. Nobody was taking him seriously.During his speech, Trump slammed the member states of the organization for not paying what he considers their  fair share,  the looks on their faces ranged from mortified to embarrassed to on the verge of laughter.German Chancellor Angela Merkel, whose disdain for Trump is well-known, seemed to barely be able to contain her expression of sorrow that this is what America s presidency had been reduced to.Clearly rattled, Trump s power move was to shove the PM of Montenegro and stand at the front for pictures. Appearance was everything. Unfortunately, watching the man some say has a much too comfortable relationship with Russia physically bully the head of state for a country that Putin is actively signalling aggression towards was not a good look.Watch Trump s speech below:Trump just tried to shake down the other NATO leaders. The looks on their faces. He doesn t even get what NATO is. pic.twitter.com/Qkr9LDZbs0  Jamil Smith (@JamilSmith) May 25, 2017Featured image via Twitter",0
1360, Even The Author Of Bush’s Torture Memos Says Trump Has Gone Too Far (DETAILS),"The legal mind behind the Bush Administration s illegal wiretapping, torture and other violations of the Geneva Conventions, John Yoo, says that Donald Trump has gone too far with his executive power. When the man who wrote memos that  gave  the president the power to circumvent international law and ignore acts of Congress thinks you ve gone too far, you ve gone too far.Since Trump took office and began a string of questionable presidential actions, Yoo has become an in-vogue political pundit again. It s kind of like an old criminal helping the authorities profile the new criminal, except they never caught Yoo. In a New York Times op-ed Yoo wrote earlier this year, he suggested that Trump understand the Constitution s grant of executive power.  He went on to say that the new President should lead,  the executive branch in a unified direction, rather than viewing the government as the enemy. He should realize that the Constitution channels the president toward protecting the nation from foreign threats, while cooperating with Congress on matters at home. According to Charlie Savage, Pulitzer Prize-winning executive powers expert, Yoo thought that the President could do literally anything to stop terror and didn t have to confer with Congress when it came to war-time efforts. But surprisingly, John Yoo argued that the construction of a border wall and the withdrawal from trade deals, like NAFTA and TPP were unconstitutional. He even came out against Trump s Muslim ban.But before anyone thought about celebrating this most unlikely Trump critic, Twitter made sure to ask why anyone was listening to him anyway.Why am I still outraged the NY Times would give John Yoo, the Nazi torture jurist, op-ed space  Dan O Sullivan (RIP) (@Bro_Pair) May 19, 2017It really, really bothers me that war criminal John Yoo is still an in-demand political pundit  Will Bunch (@Will_Bunch) May 18, 2017This one really digs in Dear @axios, please don t describe John Yoo as  a leading thinker on executive power.  Better to say  Torture Memos author.  Peter Daou (@peterdaou) May 18, 2017Yoo s most recent New York Times article is titled,  Forget Watergate. Think Iran-Contra.  It s hard to read a cerebral breakdown of executive powers dos and don ts this evil   it feels like he s giving Trump actually good advice. The last thing we need is Trump to have an actual expert as an adviser. He writes that Trump should treat the Russia-Comey scandal like Reagan did the Iran-Contra. Reagan definitely got away with that. Yoo is definitely trying to help Trump. Though, he may have said to much. There is one reminder   a silver lining   in Yoo s article. It s a point that may have been forgotten. Contrary to common wisdom, impeachment does not require the president to commit a crime but instead refers to extreme political mistakes or even incompetence. ",0
1361, Trump Organization Brazenly Admits It’s Just Too Much Of A Hassle To Obey The Laws,"Obeying the law can be such a pain in the ass, at least according to the Trump organization. With their hundreds of employees, it can just be so difficult to fill out paperwork to make sure that any gifts and money that comes from foreign governments violates the Constitution s emoluments clause.In response to a document request from the House Oversight Committee, Trump s company sent a copy of an eight-page pamphlet detailing how it plans to track payments it receives from foreign governments at the firm s many hotels, golf courses, and restaurants across the globe. But while the Trump Organization said it would set aside all money it collects from customers that identify themselves as representing a foreign government, it would not undertake a more intensive effort to determine if a payment would violate the Constitution s prohibition on public office holders accepting an  emolument  from a foreign state. To fully and completely identify all patronage at our Properties by customer type is impractical in the service industry and putting forth a policy that requires all guests to identify themselves would impede upon personal privacy and diminish the guest experience of our brand,  the Trump Organization wrote in its policy pamphlet, which the company s chief compliance officer said had been distributed to general managers and senior officials at all of its properties.Source: The AtlanticLet s just add this to Trump s ever growing list of broken promises. While it seemed that the wall that will likely never get built was the cornerstone of Trump s campaign, his real selling point was the promise that he would be the anti-whatever the right-wing media has been telling us about Hillary Clinton over the last 20 years. Instead, he became everything the right-wing made up about Hillary and much, much more.Instead of draining the swamp, Trump filled it with a bevy of Goldman Sachs people. He said he would take no salary. He is taking one. And while he did donate his first quarter salary to the National Parks Service, that s tax deductible for him, so taxpayers are covering the cost of his salary and the tax deduction.Trump is a grifter. He might not have run for president with the specific goal of getting richer, but he s certainly taking advantage of all the opportunities the office hands him, legal or not. Diplomats are staying at his hotels, just hoping that it will give them a special in with BLOTUS. Since taking office, China has granted Trump 39 new trademarks. Hell, just this week, daughter Ivanka took what amounted to a $100 million from the Saudi government to go to her theoretical foundation   this after he was saying that Hillary Clinton should be locked up for taking donations from the Saudis for her actual foundation.If Trump refuses to abide by the Constitution   the one thing he was sworn to on Inauguration Day, it s time for him to go. Then again, it seems that with every move, with every secret he discloses, with every flirtation with the Russians, Trump is daring us to do something about it.",0
1362, Trump-Backed Republican Candidate Bodyslams Journalist Night Before Election,"The Montana Republican running for a congressional seat against a formidable Democratic opponent in a crucial special election just bodyslammed a journalist. In front of a bunch of other journalists. And a bunch of stunned bystanders. And a crowd of his own campaign volunteers and aides. The incident was so violent that the police were called.Guardian reporter Ben Jacobs says he was slammed to the ground by Republican Greg Gianforte so hard that the impact broke his glasses.Greg Gianforte just body slammed me and broke my glasses  Ben Jacobs (@Bencjacobs) May 24, 2017A Buzzfeed reporter who was there at the time described what she saw.This happened behind a half closed door, so I didn t see it all, but here s what it looked like from the outside   Alexis Levinson (@alexis_levinson) May 24, 2017Ben walked into a room where a local tv crew was set up for an interview with Gianforte  Alexis Levinson (@alexis_levinson) May 24, 2017All of a sudden I heard a giant crash and saw Ben s feet fly in the air as he hit the floor  Alexis Levinson (@alexis_levinson) May 24, 2017Heard very angry yelling (as did all the volunteers in the room)   sounded like Gianforte  Alexis Levinson (@alexis_levinson) May 24, 2017Ben walked out holding his broken glasses in his hand and said  he just bodyslammed me  Alexis Levinson (@alexis_levinson) May 24, 2017The assault was also apparently caught on tape. Jacobs says a local news crew has the audio.There was a local TV crew there when Gianforte body slammed me. Audio is posting soon at @GuardianUS  Ben Jacobs (@Bencjacobs) May 24, 2017Alexis Levinson also snapped a picture of cops and EMTs arriving on scene.This is the scene outside   pic.twitter.com/xAin0jkhFo  Alexis Levinson (@alexis_levinson) May 24, 2017Gianforte reportedly fled the scene, leaving in a car  full of his aides and bailing on the event. It s unclear if Gianforte will be charged with the assault, but attacking a reporter literally a day before an election is unprecedented. The local sheriffs department was seen taking witness statements.It s not clear what caused the assault, but Ben Jacobs had recently caught Gianforte secretly investing $250,000 in several US-sanctioned Russian companies. It seems likely that the two things are linked.This assault happens less than 24 hours before polls open in Montana. The seat is meant to replace former GOP Rep. Ryan Zinke who Trump picked to run the Department of the Interior. Trump selected Zinke in part because Republicans believed that no Democrat could win the deep-red Montana seat   then Trump got into office, destroyed his credibility and that of the Republican Party and now the Democratic challenger Rob Quist has a real chance of winning.Naturally, the Trump family is linked to Gianforte. Add this to the numerous scandals and bad characters they ve attached themselves too. Trump s son, Don Jr. showed up at several Gianforte rally to help try to secure the seat for Republicans. The two have become close, spending quality time together during a recent a gopher hunting vacation. Seriously.And the audio just dropped. It s really, really bad.Here's the audio of Gianforte from The Guardian: https://t.co/kj0110kZvH pic.twitter.com/BJVqcd6baq  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) May 25, 2017Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
1363, Trump Stunned As Pope Calls Him Fat To His Face (VIDEO),"For a man who has spent his entire life fat-shaming women, bulbous orange blob Donald Trump is certainly a little let s just say  plump. Many Americans noticed that that the same guy who feels J. Lo s  ass is too fat  and who told Chris Christie to stop eating Oreos because of his massive size also spends his time stuffing his face filled with well-done steaks slathered with ketchup and bucketfuls of fried chicken and gave him a taste of his own medicine during the election   and now even the Pope is joining in on the fun.As BLOATUS was meeting with Pope Francis, the latter joked through a translator to Melania,  What do you give him to eat, potizza? Potizza is a Slovenian pasty that is loaded with sugar, butter, ricotta cheese, and other fattening ingredients (it it also delicious). Basically, it is the equivalent of someone in America asking her if she shovels cheeseburgers down his gullet all day.Naturally, this was not lost on the fine people of Twitter:@Corrynmb You know the Pope is calling him fat right? He's not giving him a compliment ???  Mario Velarde (@MarioV7) May 24, 2017@Corrynmb This is funny! Look at Trumps face  priceless    (@KKcline123) May 24, 2017@Corrynmb Potizza is a Slovenian pastry, very fattening  marija dragovic (@marijadragovic5) May 24, 2017@Corrynmb ????The Pope just  Fat Shamed  Trump????Not that it s normally funny in regular situations but in this one it is  Peter-John (@ipeterjohn) May 24, 2017@Corrynmb The way the Pope looks back at Trump. ?  Chinz (@KDogPeele) May 24, 2017At this point, Trump is so mockable that even the Pope, who is normally reserved in his remarks, is just throwing his hands in the air and saying  f*ck it. Watch it below   the look on Trump s face as he seems to  get  the joke is priceless:Pope Francis jokes with First Lady Melania via translator,  What do you give him to eat, potizza? (referring to a local pastry?) pic.twitter.com/8dF4wxGkiB  Corryn Mobley?? (@Corrynmb) May 24, 2017Featured image via screengrab",0
1364, David Letterman Shreds The ‘Goon’ In The White House: ‘It Makes Me Sick’ That Trump Represents Us,"Late night television icon David Letterman gave a scathing review of Donald Trump s time in the White House. According to the comedian, Trump is a soulless  goon  and it makes him sick that he is representing the United States. (Boy can I relate to that feel.) I m disappointed that this man is representing me and my country. It makes me sick, Letterman told GQ.Letterman has known Trump for a long time and said that he doesn t regret having the former reality tv star on his show numerous times over the years. No, no reason to regret it . But we always looked forward to having him on. He was a great guest. He was just a big, wealthy dope who d come on and we would make fun of his hair. I would refer to him as a slumlord,  Letterman continued.However, Letterman said that since that time, Trump has managed to prove to the world that he is completely  without a soul. But now, this goon  I don t know. He s demonstrated himself to be a man without a core, a man without a soul. Is there a guy in there?  Letterman asked.This isn t the first time Letterman has stepped forward to denounce Trump. In March, the former host of The Late Show called out  Trumpy  for the steady stream of lies that he spews forth without even a hint of regret. How do you know if Donald Trump is lying? His lips are moving,  Letterman said.  If we get a president sometime soon who does not have a mental disorder, Twitter will be useful,  he added.Letterman told GQ that he would love to have the opportunity to sit down with Trump one on one in a tv studio so he could ask him this important question: All right, Don: What the fuck happened? Featured image via Mike Coppola/Getty Images",0
1365, Trump’s Barely Literate Note Left At Israel Holocaust Memorial Goes Viral After Obama’s Resurfaces,"Donald Trump s visit to Israel had a stop at Yad Vashem, Israel s Holocaust remembrance and memorial museum. As is customary for foreign dignitaries, Trump was asked to sign the visitor s log and share some of his thoughts about his experience and emotions while there. And as is customary for Trump, he took it as an opportunity to pen a painfully simplistic note which missed the whole point of the visit.How did Trump feel after a visit to one of the most somber places in the world, meant to mark an atrocity that led to the deaths of 6 millions European Jews? He was happy he got to hang out with his friends.Our president couldn t muster anything more sophisticated than a note scribbled in your 6th grade yearbook by a classmate you barely knew.And lest Trump s supporters think it s normal to keep it short and (extremely) simple, former President Barack Obama wrote in the same visitor s log years ago   he wrote out a passionate mediation on what the visit meant to him. It spanned a page.One striking thing about the comparison: Obama devotes his closing lines to the victims of the Holocaust, both living and dead. Trump mentions his  friends,  but doesn t spare a single word for the victims. It s a telling oversight for an administration that already dabbled in the erasure of Jewish Holocaust victims. His White House faced outrage after its official Holocaust Remembrance statement left out Jewish victims and never mentioned antisemitism. Shortly after, Trump s Press Secretary falsely claimed that Hitler never gassed any of  his own people    a line many took to mean German Jews were not considered  German  by the Trump administration.Trump claims he will  never forget  but it s not entirely clear he ever knew in the first place.It also may be a further sign that Trump s mental faculties are not what they once were. In a powerful piece published on the health news website STAT, Sharon Begley explored the ways Trump s vocabulary and articulation have diminished to a staggering degree. In short, it s not just you, even the experts agree Trump s speech sounds like that of a small child without a firm command of language. The implications for this are troubling.Although neither Johnson nor other experts STAT consulted said the apparent loss of linguistic fluency was unambiguous evidence of mental decline, most thought something was going on.John Montgomery, a psychologist in New York City and adjunct professor at New York University, said  it s hard to say definitively without rigorous testing  of Trump s speaking patterns,  but I think it s pretty safe to say that Trump has had significant cognitive decline over the years. And that s putting it lightly.Featured image via Lior Mizrahi/Getty Images",0
1366," Trump Might Be About To Viciously Sabotage Healthcare, All To Try And Blame Obama (DETAILS)","We all know that President Donald Trump has wanted to blow up the  disaster  that is Obamacare for months now, however, his latest vision of bringing better healthcare to the people of America will actually stop billions of dollars in payments to health insurance companies that serve the poorest enrollees in the Affordable Care Act.If the President stops these payments, the entire health insurance system will be thrown into complete chaos, resulting in higher prices and fewer choices, if any, for consumers. Insurance companies would most likely increase the premiums of people using exchanges such as HealthCare.gov and Covered California, or stop selling to them altogether. Without Trump s payments, this aspect of healthcare will simply fall apart under his watch.The main issue behind all of this are cost-sharing reduction (CSR) payments, reimbursements to health insurance companies made in order to reduce out-of-pocket costs such as deductibles and copayments for low-income customers. The House of Republicans filed a lawsuit in 2014, which is still pending, against the Obama administration questioning the legality of these payments. According to one White House official, the Trump administration has agreed to make the CSR payment for the month of May, but has made no commitment after that. As Donald Trump himself said about the healthcare system in January during a pre-inauguration speech, The easiest thing would be to let it implode in  17 and believe me, we d get pretty much whatever we wanted. In Trump s unhinged mind, ending what he has referred to as these  bailout payments  would force democrats to negotiate repealing the Affordable Care Act, however, they don t seem too keen on doing so, nor do the majority of the American people, with 60 percent stating that they don t approve of negotiations that disrupt insurance markets according to a survey conducted last month by the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation. Three-quarters of those surveyed also believe the ACA should be kept running and two-thirds, including a majority of Republicans, believe that the repercussions of any further problems stemming from changes to healthcare in the USA sit squarely on President Trump s shoulders.Still, the President continues to ignore any advice given to him and remains in favor of cutting the payments. To be eligible for the cost reduction, enrollees in exchanges can earn up to 250 percent of the federal poverty level, which equals $30,015 per person. With the CSR payments being made by the government, deductibles of thousands of dollars are reduced to just hundreds for the consumer, a subsidy that has been received by seven million people between November 1, 2017, and January 31 this year, equating to 58 percent of exchange enrollees.Without the Trump administration making these CSR payments, insurers would need to raise premiums by an average of 19 percent on top of any other price increases next year.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1367, President Curtsy Delivers A Really Sick Burn To Manchester Attackers: ‘Losers!’ (VIDEO),"Conservatives have suggested repeatedly that if former President Barack Obama clicked his heels together three times while saying the words  radical Islamic terrorism  then terror attacks would never happen again. Ever. During former reality show star Donald Trump s speech in Saudi Arabia, he failed to use those words, but it helped to elect him while on the campaign trail by criticizing his opponents for not saying the magical phrase.While Trump is visiting the Middle East, a bomb tore through an entrance hall of the Manchester Arena at about 10:30 p.m. as American pop star Ariana Grande s concert was ending. In total, 22 people died and 59 concert-goers were hospitalized, marking this as the deadliest terrorist assault in Britain since 2005.On Tuesday, ISIS claimed responsibility for the bombing.During President Curtsy s press conference with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas, Trump branded terrorist groups as  evil losers. I extend my deepest condolences to those so terribly injured  and to the so many families of the victims. We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom,  Trump said Tuesday. So many young beautiful and innocent people living and enjoying their lives, murdered  by evil losers in life,  he said. I won t call them monsters because they would like that term,  he continued.  They would think that s a great name. I will call them from now on losers because that s what they are, they re losers. And we ll have more of them. But they re losers, just remember that. The terrorists and extremists and those who give them aid and comfort must be driven out from our society forever,  he added, then called on the international community to  protect human life. Watch Trump deliver a real sick burn to terrorists everywhere by calling them  evil losers.  You know, as opposed to evil winners.On the campaign trail, Donald Trump said he would present a plan to defeat the Islamic State to his generals within 30 days after taking office, but that hasn t happened.Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
1368, Monica Lewinsky Wrote An Obituary For Roger Ailes And It Was BRUTAL,"Last week, disgraced former Fox News chief, Roger Ailes, died. I know you re supposed to speak reverentially about the dead, but Ailes was toxic. He was a misogynist, a racist and he turned low information voters into a key demographic. Without Roger Ailes, we would likely not have had two illegal wars and we wouldn t have BLOTUS Trump.For some, though, their toxic relationship with Ailes was far more personal. One notable example of a life he ruined was Monica Lewinsky, who, to this day, is best known as the woman who gave Bill Clinton a blow job. Lewinsky penned her own obituary for Ailes, and there was no reverence. There was resentment and a whole lot of truth. This is not another obituary for Roger Ailes,  Lewinsky wrote,  who died last week 10 months after being ousted at Fox News. It is, I hope, instead an obituary for the culture he purveyed   a culture that affected me profoundly and personally. Hard to deny that. Thanks to Fox News, a consensual affair suddenly became the scandal of the decade   it was the story that was supposed to undo a presidency. Without Lewinsky, Fox News might not be Fox News today.Some experts have noted that viewers found Fox for the first time because of the crisis. John Moody, a Fox executive editor, reflected on that period:  The Lewinsky saga put us on the news map.  As he put it in another interview:  Monica was a news channel s dream come true. But amid that, Fox created the culture of mean. They somehow managed to portray Bill Clinton as a predator (ironic given the culture at Fox News) while portraying Lewinsky as unworthy of a powerful man s attentions.Their dream was my nightmare. My character, my looks and my life were picked apart mercilessly. Truth and fiction mixed at random in the service of higher ratings. My family and I huddled at home, worried about my going to jail   I was the original target of Ken Starr s investigation, threatened with 27 years for having been accused of signing a false affidavit, obstructing justice, suborning perjury and other crimes   or worse, me taking my own life. Meantime, Mr. Ailes huddled with his employees at Fox News, dictating a lineup of talking heads to best exploit this personal and national tragedy.Lewinsky lamented the fact that it wasn t only Fox, and that Fox changed the media landscape. Even MSNBC was committed to almost non-stop coverage of the scandal that shouldn t have been. The internet, though, made it much, much worse.Just as television news was devolving into a modern coliseum, the internet came along and compounded this culture of shame and vitriol. Remember: The story of my affair was not broken by The Washington Post, The New York Times or the networks, but online by the Drudge Report. The comments on television and online were excruciating. I ceased being a three-dimensional person. Instead I became a whore, a bimbo, a slut and worse. Just days after the story broke, Fox asked its viewers to vote on this pressing question: Is Monica Lewinsky an  average girl  or a  young tramp looking for thrills ?Lewinsky isn t cheering for Fox News to be cancelled. In fact, she praised them for firing Ailes and Bill O Reilly, both of whom were accused of being serial sexual harassers. She also said she believes that credible conservative voices should be heard, that it s an important part of a healthy democracy. However, Ailes helped create the current cruel and toxic political environment, and for that, he won t be missed.Featured image of Monica Lewinsky via Bryan Bedder/Getty Images | Featured image of Roger Ailes via Handout/Getty Images.",0
1369, Fox News Staffers Call Sean Hannity MASSIVE Embarrassment: ‘Are We Still Airing That Sh*t?!’,"Sean Hannity, in his desperation to show that it s the Clintons, and not Trump, who are horrifically corrupt criminals, keeps pushing the conspiracy theory that DNC staffer Seth Rich was murdered for talking to Wikileaks, completely ignoring the family s wishes that everyone shut up about it. Hannity is so bad about it, though, that he s begun humiliating his own network.The Daily Beast spoke to over a dozen hosts, pundits and reporters about this, and they all said the same thing: Hannity is embarrassing the network.Period.Apparently, one of Fox s political reporters, who spoke to the Daily Beast on the condition of anonymity, literally said: ARE WE STILL AIRING THAT SHIT?! Yes. Yes you are. And Hannity is all about both that and Donald Trump on Twitter, where he s got over two million followers. Yesterday, he spent a lot of time trying to convince the Twittersphere that the Trump-Russia connection is a baseless conspiracy theory, and even called on Congress to investigate Rich s murder:Congress, investigate Seth Rich Murder! @JulianAssange made comments u need to listen to! If Seth was wiki source, no Trump/Russia collusion https://t.co/QPHZwypU34  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 22, 2017The  real  journalists at Fox News are sick of this. Others, who likewise spoke anonymously to the Daily Beast, said things like the following: The other reporters I ve talked to [about this] are similarly pissed about the whole thing,  another Fox reporter said.  Some find it embarrassing, others downright heartless [to spread this]. It s just gross,  the reporter added.Another news reporter said he is  befuddled  that the network hasn t intervened to decisively put an end to Hannity s incessant support for, and coverage of, this particular conspiracy theory.And many used words like  unhinged  and  absurd  to describe Hannity s behavior. Ironically, Sean Hannity has used  unhinged  to talk about Russia and the left on Twitter:Molly why do u and the lib media keep advancing the unhinged  Trump/Russia  conspiracy? Any evidence? Do you believe the  robbery  story? https://t.co/7vABvWTPa0  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 22, 2017Late-night hosts become unhinged over the firing of FBI director Comey @michellemalkin weighs in next #Hannity  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 11, 2017The Left is completely unhinged and now they ve turned violent  Get my take tonight at 10pm ET #Hannity  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) February 3, 2017Hannity isn t bound by the same journalistic standards as Fox News  hard news staff, so he gets away with this. The fact that he s so far gone now that he s embarrassing people at the network who know better is extremely telling. If this harms his career, we can expect him to cry  liberal conspiracy to silence conservative voices,  as loudly as he can, just like he did after Bill O Reilly was let go.Featured image by Paul Zimmerman via Getty Images",0
1370," Trump Falls Flat On His Face In Israel, Doesn’t Know He’s In The Middle East (VIDEO)","Donald Trump has made a habit of embarrassing America in front of other world leaders, but on Monday he outdid himself.Kicking the week off, Trump outed Israel for being the source of intelligence information that he d given to Russia   a move that disgusted Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. However, he was far from done ruining America s reputation. As he spoke in Israel, Trump stated that he d just gotten back from the Middle East, completely oblivious to the fact that Israel is actually IN the Middle East. Trump said: Our Secretary of State has done a great job. We just got back from the Middle East, Saudi Arabia, and we were treated incredibly well. It s almost too ridiculous to be true, but then again, what else can we expect from Trump? You can watch the incident below, and pay attention to the reaction of Israeli Ambassador Ron Dermer, who tries to disguise a very obvious facepalm by running his fingers through his hair.Oh man, watch Israeli ambassador Ron Dermer (on right couch) react when Trump says in Israel We just got back from the Middle East.  pic.twitter.com/x7nb4uvqpR  (((Yair Rosenberg))) (@Yair_Rosenberg) May 22, 2017It doesn t get much more humiliating than this. Already, the White House has had to defend several of Trump s mistakes during his international tour, citing  exhaustion  as the primary excuse for his pathetic performance (it s only been a few days). However, we all know that Trump is actually THAT dumb and doesn t know anything about other countries or how the world works.One can only imagine how hard everyone in the room had to concentrate to avoid correcting or laughing at Trump after such an insane f*ckup. Trump has proven, once again, that America s current president is a joke, and no one can take him seriously.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video ",0
1371, It’s Already Happening: DAPL Spews Oil From Multiple Leaks As Construction Continues,"Oil leaks that pose catastrophic risks to the environment, people and water were the reason thousands of protesters risked their lives to stop the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline. Millions of others around the world showed their support for the protesters and the rights of all people to have access to clean water and a healthy environment.Tragically, the fears of clean water activists around the world are already coming true. The Associated Press reports the Dakota Access Pipeline has already spilled oil onto American soil three separate times   before it s even been fully constructed.According to the North Dakota Health Department, a leaky flange in a pipeline terminal spilled 84 gallons of oil on March 3, in Watford City. The spill was quickly contained and oil flow was stopped on site. According to the department, the contaminated soil and snow were removed and no waterways, people or wildlife were harmed.Two days later a leak of 20 gallons was reported in a rural area of Mercer County by the Federal Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration. Again, they stated that no waterways, people or wildlife were harmed.The incident report faults a manufacturing defect as the caused a valve failure and the subsequent leak, which was isolated by closing valves upstream and downstream. All other valves were later inspected and given the OK.Despite the ETP insisting that the pipeline is safe, several native Dakota tribes still fear the future environmental havoc of this 1,200-mile pipeline that will start commercial operation on June 1st.The Standing Rock, Cheyenne River, Oglala Sioux and Yankton Tribes are still fighting to stop the pipeline from operating. They are currently working in court to convince a federal judge to shut it down.The pipeline leaked a third time on April 4th. Eighty-four gallons were spilled at a rural pump station in South Dakota. The SD Department of Environment and Natual Resources reported the spill to its online database but kept it quiet from the public. Apparently, the department s policy is to conduct a press release only if the spill  threatens waterways or public health. In the fight to stop the DAPL, attorneys and local Tribal leaders are using these leaks as evidence that additional environmental reviews are necessary before it becomes fully operational. We have always said it is not a matter of if, but when,  tribal attorney Jan Hasselman said after the South Dakota leak.  Pipelines spill and leak. It s just a fact. ",0
1372, CONFIRMED: Trump Tried Every Corrupt Trick In The Book To Obstruct The FBI’s Russia Investigation,"It appears that Trump tried everything he could think of to discredit the FBI s investigation into whether his campaign colluded with Russia prior to the Nov. 8 election. After James Comey testified before Congress that the FBI was, indeed, looking into possible collusion between Trump s campaign and Russia, Trump began trying to pressure other intelligence chiefs to help him push back against that investigation.This is a monumental development because it means Trump was actively working to obstruct an independent investigation, and he was trying to enlist the help of other members of the intelligence community. Daniel Coats, the director of National Intelligence at the time, and Admiral Michael Rogers, director of the NSA, were both pressured by the Trump administration to deny collusion between his campaign and Russia.They both refused because they felt the requests were inappropriate. Both were allegedly documented in memos that could be provided to Congress and the DOJ s special counsel as evidence that Trump tried to interfere in the FBI s work.Trump had asked Comey near the end of February to drop the investigation into Michael Flynn and Russia, and later grew irate with Comey after he told Congress about the FBI s investigation. He fired Comey on May 9, claiming first that he did it on the DOJ s recommendation, and then later that he did it on his own, and that Comey s firing had nothing to do with the Russia probe.However, it recently came out that he told Russian officials that Comey s dismissal took pressure off of him because he believed it would take pressure off the investigation. Much of the U.S. including in and out of Congress were flabbergasted that Trump would make such an obvious move. It was a signal that he was worried what the investigation would turn up.Bookies are starting to put odds on whether Trump will even be able to finish his term. According to FiveThirtyEight.com, Betfair has Trump s odds of failing to serve all four years of his term at 50 percent, and they ve put the odds that he ll be out of office by the end of this year at 20 to 25 percent.Now, they re not saying that will be due to impeachment. Trump could well resign under the pressure of these investigations and possible impeachment proceedings, just as Nixon did. But the shoes just keep dropping for Trump, and this revelation just adds to the growing pile of evidence that he s been actively trying to obstruct justice by interfering with investigations.What does he have to hide?Silly question.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
1373, GOP Senator Whines Because Notre Dame Students Weren’t Nice Enough To Uber Bigot Mike Pence,"It s no secret that Donald Trump s second-in-command, Mike Pence, is a bigot. He first rose to national prominence amid a sea of scandal over a sweeping law that he signed as governor of Indiana that was clearly designed to discriminate against LGBTQ people. In fact, the law was so terrible that the state s largest newspaper, the Indianapolis Star, devoted an entire front page to a message to Pence:  FIX THIS NOW. After that, Pence s approval ratings plummeted, and it became clear that there was no way he could get re-elected, even after soliciting the help of the Koch Brothers, and therefore became Trump s running mate instead.Now, since Pence s bigotry is so well known, he is generally not well received at events where people have objections to overt discrimination against marginalized groups of people. To that end, it should come as no surprise that the graduates at Notre Dame walked out when Pence spoke at their commencement. Of course, Pence s fellow bigoted Republican senator, Tom Cotton, is fuming that the students had the gall to stand up for what they believe in. Cotton told NBC News via a statement: It is especially unfortunate that students walked out of the vice president s speech on Sunday   because if any young people needed to hear how important freedom of speech is to our country, it would be them. I think the vice president deserves credit for speaking out on the spread of intolerance at college campuses   and I know he deserved better treatment than what he received this weekend. No, Senator Cotton, Pence deserved exactly what he got, and then some. It s really pretty simple: If Pence wants people to stop treating him like a bigot, he needs to stop acting like one. This is a man who regularly and openly expresses hatred against any group of Americans who aren t just like him   and makes the laws to match. Tell me, sir, if this were an overt racist or anti-Semite speaking at commencement, would you be defending that person as well?Didn t think so. Bigotry is bigotry, and Mike Pence exudes it in spades. Hopefully, he is humiliated like this everywhere he goes until he simply refuses to appear in public again.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
1374, Trump White House Wishes ‘Lasting Peach’ In The Middle East (IMAGE),"Donald Trump hires all the best people, at least that s what he promised the nation before he was elected. More than 100 days in, the best people are nowhere to be found and White House communications are still riddled with embarrassing errors.The New York Daily News did a running tally of all the stupid, easily caught by a fifth grader, written gaffes coming from the White House. Here are some of the worst:Theresa May, the British Prime Minister, spelled three times as  Tersa May,  a porn star (White House public schedule, January 27) No dream is too big, no challenge is to great. Nothing we want for the future is beyond our reach.  (Poster for Trump s inauguration)It gets even worse when BLOTUS gets angry: Thr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized  (Trump tweet, January 28)On Monday, though, the gaffe factory went overseas, where a press release in Israel wished Israel and Palestine  lasting peach. Press statement @WhiteHouse says 1 goals of @POTUS Israel trip is  promote the possibility of lasting peach  pic.twitter.com/HE1l2lThg8  Matthew Levitt (@Levitt_Matt) May 22, 2017Yes, the idea of an everlasting gobstopper sort of peach, one that s eternally sweet and juicy and never turns brown, would make this world a more delicious place, it s pretty clear that if the press release had been proofread, it would instead read  lasting peace. In the overall scheme of things, this is fairly minor. Yes, as trolls will add, then candidate Obama did once say there were 57 states. In more than eight years, that s about the best conservatives have.The Trump administration, though, is showing a pattern of sloppiness. No, Trump doesn t have to be a detail person to be a good leader, but someone needs to look after the details. An intern with an English degree could easily stop these embarrassing and seemingly non-stop string of flubs coming from this new administration.Then again, maybe it s a coded reference to Trump s complexion and maybe his staff was hoping their boss would stay in Israel.Featured image of Trump via Philip Cohen/Flickr | Featured image of peaches via Wikipedia",0
1375, ‘F*ck Donald Trump’: Democratic Chair Of California Goes Out With Both Middle Fingers In The Air,"John Burton, the outgoing chairman of California s Democratic party, had one final thing to say before he leaves and it was a sentiment we can all relate to. Speaking at the convention of the California Democratic Party, Burton proudly raised both middle fingers in the air and shouted,  Fuck Donald Trump.  The crowd of thousands, who joined in on the mantra, obviously felt the same way.The Sacramento Bee reports:The always foul-mouthed Burton, 84, stood before thousands of Democratic delegates at Saturday s general assembly and as a rallying cry asked the crowd to join in. He then shoved two fists in the air, flipping the bird. Across the room at the Sacramento Convention Center, others onstage and in the audience followed suit.Burton was not alone onstage, also present were House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-San Francisco, Rep, Barbara Lee, D-Oakland, and state Sen. Toni Atkins, D-San Diego, among others.While Burton may have been the most direct with his message, just about every lawmaker who spoke at the convention was quick to denounce Trump and his disaster of a presidency. We are President Trump s worst nightmare,  California Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de Le n said in his speech.You can watch Burton give Trump the finger here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
1376," BREAKING: Flynn Will Plead the Fifth, Refuse to Produce Documents","According to an Associated Press source, Michael Flynn is going to decline to honor the Senate Intelligence Committee subpoena and refuse to testify at Wednesday s hearing. Flynn was asked to appear before the committee, and to produce documents detailing all of his conversations with Russia. Instead, he will send a letter to the committee today informing them of his plans to refuse to testify.WASHINGTON (AP)   AP Source: Michael Flynn to decline Senate Intel committee subpoena, invoke 5th Amendment later today.  Zeke Miller (@ZekeJMiller) May 22, 2017In addition to the Senate Intelligence Committee, Flynn is also the subject of a federal grand jury which has issued subpoenas to his close associates earlier this month.Even though Flynn will refuse to talk, the evidence against him is mounting. Flynn registered as an agent of a foreign country after his firing, which indicates that he s taken money from overseas in return for lobbying. Flynn was also caught lying about his connections with Russia to the Vice president, which apparently caused him to be fired after 18 days of deliberation.Documents showing communication with Russia, as well as Flynn s first-hand testimony of what happened behind the scenes, would be an enormous help to Senate investigation.Flynn will definitely be the first Trump pardon.  Christopher Hayes (@chrislhayes) May 16, 2017But it appears likely that Michael Flynn is prepared to keep his mouth shut in order to protect his former boss, Donald Trump. There is little downside for Flynn in any case. Under the law, he cannot be charged for refusing to testify against himself. The rules regarding Flynn s unwillingness to provide documentation that may incriminate him are similar, so he is unlikely to face additional prosecution. Like any decent criminal, Michael Flynn is clinging to the Fifth Amendment. No need to incriminate yourself. The evidence will do it for you  Aiden Wolfe (@AidenWolfe) May 22, 2017In April, Flynn s lawyers put the word out on Twitter that nothing would secure his cooperation except for full immunity. But that may not be necessary to build a case against the administration.Despite his persistent refusal to produce the requested documents or testify in his own defense, prosecutors reportedly feel pretty good about their chances of getting Flynn to open up. The federal grand jury probe is in the process of producing evidence that will make Flynn s testimony unnecessary. Trump 2016: Pleading the Fifth Amendment makes you look guilty.Flynn 2017: I plead the 5th  Vinay A. Ramesh (@vinaytion) May 22, 2017Off the record, investigators think that they can get Flynn to crack and tell everything he knows once he s faced with evidence of his wrongdoing. Photo by Win McNamee via Getty Images.",0
1377, OOPS: Trump Just Accidentally Confirmed He Leaked Israeli Intelligence To Russia (VIDEO),"On Monday, Donald Trump once again embarrassed himself and his country by accidentally revealing the source of the extremely classified information he leaked to Russia earlier this month.While it was speculated that the source of the information was Israel, Trump made things crystal clear during a press conference with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. President Pussygrabber explained that he never   not once   said  Israel  during his conversation with the Russian recipients of the leaked information. Not a single time. Just so you understand I never mentioned the word or the name  Israel,  Trump said.  I never mentioned it during that conversation. They were all saying I did,  Trump said, gesturing to reporters.  So you had another story wrong. Never mentioned the word  Israel . He may not have said the word Israel,  but according to reports Israeli intelligence officials  were shouting at US counterparts  over the leaked information.Now, he accidentally-perhaps-on-purpose confirmed where it came from.Watch it happen below:President Trump says he  never mentioned the word Israel  in his Oval Office meeting with Russian officials https://t.co/84ZCW64hcE  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) May 22, 2017Featured image via screengrab",0
1378, Alt-Right ‘Enemies’ List LEAKED: Fascists Use Petition To Steal Data And Harass Activists,"Last night Buzzfeed reported that a massive document full of the names and addresses of people who signed an anti-fascist petition was being actively circulated by members of the alt-right (read: white supremacists) for the purposes of stalking and harassment. Members of 4chan s notoriously disgusting /pol/ board were caught passing the information back and forth in a private chat server which has been infiltrated by reporters. The document contains information taken from the website Refusefascism.org who circulated the petition among its members after white supremacist Richard Spencer was knocked out during a television interview. The alt-right at large has a long history of attacking people who disagree with their white nationalist ideology. They ve been implicated in harassment campaigns, where the alt-righters flood an activist s workplace with calls and complaints in an attempt to get them fired.Emails between alt-righters discussing the targets of their harassment.Another common tactic is SWATting, where a false report is made to 9/11 in order to force a police SWAT team to raid an activist s home. 6. And ""alt-right"" fringe forums like Reddit, 4chan, and 8chan have pushed conspiracy theories and led harassment campaigns.  Alex Kaplan (@AlKapDC) April 5, 2017The alt-right s harassment campaigns are an open secret on the forums where they gather, but so far the people in charge have done little to stop them. Refusefascism.org, the website from which the data was obtained, has released a statement on the situation.@eyebrowsofpower @paperghost Shared lists are used by alt-right and others to target harassment campaigns.  Ed Bott (@edbott) April 11, 2017It reads in part,  We will respond to this attack by exposing to the world the nature and danger posed by these fascist cowards, by defeating their attempts to destroy people s lives, and by bringing forward even more people to stand up against the fascist regime to say: NO! We REFUSE to Accept a Fascist America. Because the information was publicly available on their website, no criminal charges have been filed. But this should serve as a warning to activists who sign and circulate open petitions. If you re vocal about your politics online, be careful who you give your information to.Photo by Drew Angerer via Getty Images, screen capture by Ryan Broderick via Buzzfeed News.",0
1379," Trump Denies Leaking Israeli Source, Confirming Source Is Israeli On International Television (VIDEO)","Trump s third day across seas may end up being his most devastating. Sitting down with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Trump opened his mouth and immediately started blundering his way into an international incident.As the pair of world leaders sat down, Trump seemed to want to get something off his chest that had been bothering him. Last week, it was reported that Trump had leaked classified intelligence about ISIS to the Russians during their closed-door meeting in the Oval Office. Trump s White House frantically denied it before eventually conceding it had happened, but claimed it wasn t that big of a deal. Then news came that it was an Israeli spy that Trump had just exposed by his careless leak.And now Trump, sitting in Israel, wanted to make one thing clear: He never shared the part about the source being Israeli. He said this on international television.Trump just said he never mentioned Israel in his meeting w/ Russians.(That was not the issue Story never alleged Trump divulged source.) pic.twitter.com/oSi8rQmQe0  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) May 22, 2017That s, uh, a pretty stunning admission. The implications were immediately clear to everyone but Trump. Trump may as well have just confirmed that it was an Israeli informant. The spy is likely to face death if caught by ISIS, who now, thanks to Trump s internationally broadcast statement, know to look for one.Unreal. Trump seems to have just accidentally confirmed Israel was the source of the intel with this admission. https://t.co/yPcQPADYte  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) May 22, 2017Trump just used his photo op with Netanyahu to defend sharing sensitive intel with the Russians in the Oval, saying he never said ""Israel.""  Joy Reid (@JoyAnnReid) May 22, 2017He lacks the cognitive acuity to keep all this stuff straight. And he s likely getting worse. https://t.co/J05lufjjCt  Dana Houle (@DanaHoule) May 22, 2017His hamfisted  non-denial denial  is textbook Trump. The initial report never claimed that Trump divulged the nationality of the spy. His denial of doing so is fighting a point that nobody was trying to make. It wasn t that he gave away the source (until now), it s that he handed over information to the Russians which their intelligence community could use to track down the source.Again, nobody ever reported that he mentioned Israel. The question was always whether his reference to specific intel compromised them. https://t.co/6X463csGwO  Benjy Sarlin (@BenjySarlin) May 22, 2017Trump is beleaguered by so many scandals and lies he likely cannot remember what his position is on any of them. It may help explain why he constantly contradicts himself and his staff when it comes to which lie he plans on using to defend himself. White House aides have told reporters that nobody wants to go on television to defend him anymore because he so quickly changes his stories that anything they say will be exposed as a complete lie within hours.Meanwhile, Trump seems oblivious to even a basic level of competency. Leaking intel to the Russians while bragging in the Oval Office is bad. Confirming the source of the intel was Israeli while sitting next to the Israeli prime minister is a whole new level of bad.Featured image via Twitter",0
1380, ‘Lock Him Up!’ Passengers Chant To Disruptive Man Wearing MAGA Hat As He’s Removed From Flight (VIDEO),"A passenger wearing a  Make America Great Again  hat in support of alleged president Donald Trump became disruptive on a flight from Shanghai to Newark, New Jersey on Sunday. The man was so unruly that the flight had to be extended by three hours. Eventually, the man had to be removed from the plane. The trouble began when the Trump supporter took another passenger s seat then became disruptive, according to what a spokesman for United told NBC.Local law enforcement had to deal with the unidentified man after passengers were forced to de-plane at the Shanghai airport.The man reportedly  left the aircraft on his own accord  eventually, before the flight departed, the airline said.After the passengers were forced to exit the aircraft and remain in the airport for three long hours, the man walked by the crowd while he was escorted off the plane. That s when chants of  lock him up  rang out, apparently mocking Donald Trump supporters who yelled out the same phrase in chorus during rallies across the country.Cellphone video of the incident was captured by a passenger.Watch:  United said that the flight was forced to make an unscheduled stopover in San Francisco to get a new crew on board and that added several hours to the already lengthy flight.Instead of arriving in Newark at 6:15 p.m. ET as scheduled on Sunday, it didn t touch down in New Jersey until 2:22 a.m. Monday.If you ever want a huge crowd of people angry with you, just make sure their flight is delayed for hours because you wanted another passenger s seat and refused to give it back. Also, too, wear a  Make American Great Again  hat on the flight so that everyone can be warned that you re an arsehole to those around you. You know, like at Trump rallies during the campaign in which protesters were beaten and racial slurs were thrown. Meanwhile, Trump is plagued with scandals that are being compared to Watergate. We re pretty sure that it won t be long until the elderly Trump supporter rethinks wearing his MAGA hat in public.Image via screen capture",0
1381, REPORT: Foreign Leaders Forced To Praise Trump’s Electoral Win To Get Him To Have A Conversation,"The New York Times reported that foreign leaders in Israel, Saudi Arabia, and the Vatican were told to praise Trump for his electoral college victory if they want him to listen to what they have to say. Sources told the Times that overseas leaders were briefed on how to handle Trump, making sure to take into account his huge ego and fragile feelings. They were told point-blank to give Trump compliments and praise, and not to expect him to attend long meetings.Peter Westmacott, a former British ambassador to the United States during President Obama s second term, gave reporters his take on the preparatory process with foreign leaders.In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2016Westmacott told reporters,  If you were prepping people for Donald Trump, the two or three points would be one, bear in mind this is still a guy who focuses on wins. Secondly, he is a deal maker, a pragmatist. Third, this is a guy with a limited attention span. He absolutely won t listen to visitors droning on for a half-hour   or longer if they need an interpreter. How pathetic that NATO leaders are told to keep meetings w/Trump brief due to his short attention span! Embarrassing that he represents us!  Grandmago (@pellett48) May 18, 2017Trump was also prepped for the trip ahead of time. Aides say they withheld slides showing pictures of the Saudi Arabian king s luxurious weekend palace out of fear of distracting the president. The powerpoint presentation that President Trump received was also shortened, in order to make sure he paid attention.Reportedly, even with all of the hand-holding and special treatment he was set to receive from foreign leaders, President Trump sought to shorten his overseas trip from nine days down to just five. Sources say that Trump expressed  dread  over the length of the trip.The President of the United States curtseyed to a Saudi king and then needed a nap.  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) May 22, 2017His first overseas trip marks the longest amount of time that Trump has gone without visiting one of his properties in the four months since he s been president. Photo by Joe Raedle via Getty Images.",0
1382, WATCH: Melania HUMILIATES Trump On World Stage With Obvious Display Of Disgust,"Throughout the presidential campaign and beyond, Melania Trump has had no reservations whatsoever when it comes to showing the world that she hates her husband just as much as we do. There was the miserable look she wore at his inauguration, the obvious shade she threw after the infamous Access Hollywood tape was leaked by wearing a Gucci  Pussy Bow  blouse to the debate, and the numerous reports that she is absolutely miserable as First Lady. Oh, and, of course, there s the fact that she has flat-out refused to live in the White House with her ugly orange husband. Well, now, Melania has trumped (pun intended) all of those instances by humiliating The Donald on the world stage.When Melania arrived on the red carpet in Tel Aviv, Donald Trump tried to hold her hand as they walked along. Since this is Trump s first world trip as the so-called president, of course it s a big deal. Melania obviously knew the cameras were rolling from every angle. That mattered not to her, though, as she slapped The Donald s stubby little hand away instead of taking it.It was absolute gold. Perhaps Trump told Melania that if she stuck the presidency out with him, he d give her the divorce she so obviously wants. After all, at this point she isn t even trying to hide how repulsed she is by him.All we can do is hope he doesn t abuse her for humiliating him in such a global and public way once he gets her alone.Watch this amazing moment below:LOL! Melania in Tel Aviv is as MISERABLE, as Melania in the U.S. Watch her push away the CREEP s hand. PRICELESS???This guy is DISGUSTING! pic.twitter.com/lhR1JdTi1m  Voice of Reason (@raggapegs) May 22, 2017Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1383, Trump Signs Huge Saudi Arms Deal,"Over the weekend, President Trump signed a massive $109 billion deal selling weapons to the kingdom of Saudi Arabia, which has been recently accused of war crimes in Yemen. The arms agreement, negotiated by his son-in-law Jared Kushner, is the biggest of its kind in US history. It s the first stage of a $350 billion commitment over 10 years, which will supply Saudi Arabia with some of America s most advanced and destructive weapons systems. The terms of the deal cover everything from fighter jets to tanks, with a special focus on America s cutting edge THAAD  missile shield.  THAAD has been in the news recently as Trump insisted that South Korea owed America $1 billion for deploying the system at the North Korean border.SAUDI KING: Come overTRUMP: I can't, I said you guys did 9/11SAUDI KING: We'll buy $110 billion in weaponsTRUMP: pic.twitter.com/FkZq6XnFdB  Ken Klippenstein (@kenklippenstein) May 20, 2017Trump reportedly negotiated a massive discount on cutting-edge fighter jets in order to get Saudi Arabia to sign on to the agreement. hmmm, I don't see how selling $200 billion in advanced weapons to an army that absolutely cannot fight can go badly  Inventor of Leftism (@ByYourLogic) May 19, 2017Also part of the arms sale are some of the world s most advanced stealth attack ships, which were designed and built as part of America s ongoing effort to revamp the Navy.Aside from the obvious hypocrisy of arming the Saudis, who regularly commit human rights abuses against women, racial minorities, and homosexuals living in the country, the deal has come under fire for Saudi Arabia s recent war crimes in Yemen.Trump taking action to facilitate more Saudi war crimes in Yemen. https://t.co/ZUgHKmucev pic.twitter.com/svNtem4njf  Matthew Yglesias (@mattyglesias) May 20, 2017One of the largest abuses that Saudi Arabia is accused of in Yemen are crimes against children. A report by global nonprofit Save the Children details Saudi bombings of schools and children s hospitals.In 2016, former UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon briefly included Saudi Arabia on its yearly Human Rights Blacklist. The country was removed from the list shortly after due to immediate complaints from the Saudi government. The decision met criticism at the time from groups like Amnesty International. Photo by Mark Wilson via Getty Images.",0
1384, Sean Hannity Disrespects Family Of Slain DNC Staffer In Sorry Quest To Prove No Trump/Russia Link,"Conspiracy-loving conservatives are once again all over last summer s murder of Seth Rich, a DNC staffer they believe leaked the DNC s emails to Wikileaks rather than Russia. They re yelling about it as loudly as they can because if it were true, then it would serve to demonstrate that there s no connection between Trump s campaign and Russia. This latest round of frothing over Rich s death began when Rod Wheeler, a legal commentator at Fox News, claimed he could confirm that Rich leaked those emails during an appearance Fox 5 D.C. Now Rich s family is demanding that Wheeler stop altogether, which should make others shut up too out of simple respect for them. But some don t seem to care.Rich s family sent a cease-and-desist letter to Wheeler, threatening legal action if he continued to spew his conspiracy theories about Rich s death. It seems, though, that Sean Hannity is either unaware of the family s wishes, or he just plain doesn t care. Chances are, it s the latter, since he wants to continue telling himself that Trump is his lord and savior and perfect in every way. He tweeted:Seth Rich was murdered last year in what officials believe was a botched robbery. Hannity has been screaming about it on Twitter ever since Wheeler claimed to  know  stuff on television, ignoring key facts and statements about the case is his desperation to prove that there was zero collusion between Trump s campaign and Russia.Rich s family blasted Wheeler for his statements, as well they should. A sudden death in any family is exceptionally traumatic. They said: Your statements and actions have caused, and continue to cause, the Family severe mental anguish and emotional distress. Your behavior appears to have been deliberate, intentional, outrageous, and in patent disregard of the Agreement and the obvious damage and suffering it would cause the Family Your improper and unauthorized statements, many of which are false and have no basis in fact, have also injured the memory and reputation of Seth Rich and have defamed and injured the reputation and standing of the members of the Family. Hannity should be castigated for his insistence on pushing this conspiracy theory to his not insignificant Twitter audience, as should Newt Gingrich and the Fox News network for pushing it on the air. This story has repeatedly been debunked, and the family wants everyone to shut it and let Rich rest in peace.If the story were true, it might be easier to understand why the media wouldn t leave it alone against Rich s family s wishes. But it s a vapid conspiracy that right-wingers like Hannity are pushing in a pathetic, desperate attempt to deflect attention away from the Trump-Russia connection.Featured image by Paul Zimmerman via Getty Images",0
1385, Trump Makes Daughter Ivanka Fill In Because He’s ‘Exhausted’,"After months of mocking Hillary Clinton s stamina because she dared catch pneumonia during the presidential campaign, Donald Trump is reportedly so  exhausted  just three days into his nine day overseas trip that he s screwing up speeches and having his daughter Ivanka fill in.During a speech to Muslims in Saudi Arabia, Trump referred to  Islamic extremism  instead of  Islamist extremism,  as had been written. While that may sound like a distinction without a difference, Reuters explains:The term  Islamist extremism  refers to Islamism as a political movement rather than Islam as a religion, a distinction that the Republican president had frequently criticized the administration of his Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama, for making.Trump often referred to  Islamic extremism  and criticized President Obama for using the term  Islamist extremism.  But, because he is playing nicey nicey with the Saudis, he tried to modulate his rhetoric, but he failed. His apparent exhaustion put him right back into campaign mode.On @POTUS deviating from prepared text on  Islamist extremism  to say  Islamic extremism,  admin official explains:  Just an exhausted guy  Mike Memoli (@mikememoli) May 21, 2017At a briefing with reporters a WH official said POTUS is  exhausted.  https://t.co/0ll7Y4U1nt  Jim Acosta (@Acosta) May 21, 2017That wasn t the only symptom of his exhaustion. Following the speech, Trump was supposed to appear at the Tweeps Forum. Instead, he sent his daughter Ivanka.Trump is 70-years-old. His diet consists of chocolate cake, double scoops of ice cream on top of cream pie, Kentucky Fried Chicken (and other fast food) and well done steak with ketchup.  As for exercise, well, he doesn t. He thinks exercise kills people.You d think he would be able to handle his nine day trip. He claims he only needs three to four hours sleep a night.It s understandable that a man of his age and his fitness level would have trouble keeping up with the rigors of such an ambitious trip, but one can t help but note the hypocrisy, especially after saying this about Hillary Clinton: To be president of this country, you need tremendous stamina,  Trump said in the first presidential debate.  You have to be able to negotiate our trade deals   with Japan, with Saudi Arabia. Source: Washington ExaminerTrump is just one country in and he s exhausted.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1386," Trump Defies Courts, Refuses To Release Guiliani Memo Proving Intent To Ban Muslims","Donald Trump has repeatedly shown that he has zero respect for the independent judiciary. Every time a judge rules in a way he dislikes, he attacks the judge, the court system, and claims that he is the victim of some kind of political witch hunt. Therefore, it should come as no surprise that he has flat-out refused to hand over a key memo, drawn up by mega Trump fan and former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani.We all remember how Giuliani went on Fox News and admitted that Trump had asked him to find a way to keep the oft-touted campaign promise of banning Muslims   but, of course, to make sure whatever order they came up with to do that passed Constitutional muster. Given these damning words, it s no surprise that Trump doesn t want a judge to see the memo that Giuliani drew up for him. The American Civil Liberties Union is taking Trump s lawlessness on, though. Miriam Aukerman, Senior Staff Attorney for the ACLU of Michigan, says of the situation: If, as the administration claims, the Executive Order is not a Muslim Ban, then why is the administration refusing to turn over the Giuliani memo? What is in that document that the government doesn t want the court to see? The ACLU, along with several state Attorneys General and other civil rights organizations have sued Trump and his government over the obvious discrimination, and it is pretty clear that they are not done fighting.Trump was supposed to have that memo to a judge in Detroit by May 19, and it has yet to materialize. We all know why   Trump s Executive Order is most definitely a Muslim ban, and that memo will show it. Hell, I don t know who they think they are fooling here. Giuliani himself admitted that this is what Trump had asked him to do. We also, of course, have Trump s own words to prove exactly what the intent is here as well.Trump is quickly learning that no one is above the law in this nation   not even the so-called  president. Featured image via Michael Reynolds/Getty Images",0
1387, Trump Blames Overseas Mistakes On ‘Exhaustion’ – Clinton Voters Have A Brutal Reminder For Him,"The good news: Trump slowly read through his prepared remarks in front of a room full of world leaders and didn t throw up on himself or start a war. The bad news: He accidentally slipped in something he deliberately tried not to. Now his aides are saying the president is just really tired.CNN s Jim Acosta noticed that Trump deviated from his prepared remarks to say the phrase  Islamic terror.  His advisors had urged him to stick with  Islamist extremism  because it denotes that the groups committing acts of terror are using the religion of Islam but do not represent it. This is a crucial point and one that Middle Eastern leaders, understandably, take very seriously.Trump's use of term ""Islamic terror"" during speech deviated from prepared remarks which read ""Islamist."" pic.twitter.com/ISIRVZkmNc  Jim Acosta (@Acosta) May 21, 2017Despite his teams best efforts, Trump botched it, an  oversight  they confessed to reporters.It was likely an ""oversight"" I'm told. https://t.co/KwMmJ7WPEf  Jim Acosta (@Acosta) May 21, 2017Asked for clarification, Trump s staff told Acosta that Trump made the mistake because he s exhausted. He s apparently bone-tired   despite this being only his second full day overseas.In keeping with Trump s staff s tradition of treating him like a 4-year-old, the anonymous aide said of Trump: He s just an exhausted guy. He s tuckered out.News that Trump couldn t handle even two days overseas tickled Hillary Clinton supporters, who had long said that her record-setting amount of travel while working as Secretary of State under Obama made her uniquely qualified to become president.In 2012, her own staff spoke in awe when describing an insane 27,000 mile 19-day journey they were on as part of a diplomatic trip. Clinton, for her part, joked near the end of it that she could have handled more.One well-traveled Clinton staffer described the France-Afghanistan-Japan-Mongolia-Vietnam-Laos-Cambodia-Egypt-Israel itinerary as  especially absurd, even for us. Despite the mind- and body-numbing time zone hopping, Clinton joked that she was ready for more. I appreciate being here, I am only sorry that I have to leave,  she told reporters on her last stop Monday, in Israel. By comparison, Trump demanded his own trip be cut in half and promptly became  exhausted  on the second day. And you don t need to take his staff s word for it. Video taken at Trump s speech shows a slouching, frowning Trump. At times he seems barely awake.I mean seriously The sick irony is that Trump made much of his ugly presidential campaign about falsely smearing Hillary Clinton as  sickly  and  low energy.  Neither smear was accurate. But like many of Trump s attacks, one gets the sense that he was projecting his own insecurities onto his opponents.How would Hillary Clinton have handled her first overseas trip? We ll never know, but given her history, it s safe to say she wouldn t complain of needing a nap at the very start.Featured image via NBC News",0
1388, WATCH: Fox News Host Furiously Directs Staff To Stop Video Of Trump’s Embarrassing Curtsy To Saudi King,"Apparently, Fox News hosts do not want their viewers to realize that Donald Trump is an embarrassment to America and a complete hypocrite.On Saturday, Trump arrived in Saudi Arabia, a majority Islamic nation where Sharia law is widely practiced, and a nation that Trump has trashed in the past.When President Obama visited Saudi Arabia, he bowed to show respect to the Saudi king, and Trump repeatedly whined about it and claimed that Obama was making America look weak.Well, Trump s meeting with the Saudi king proved that Trump is a hypocrite.Trump not only bowed to accept a gift from Saudi King Salman, he curtsied like a princess.Here s the footage via YouTube.Trump s curtsy did not go down well with conservatives, who spent years complaining about President Obama bowing. And liberals were quick to point out the hypocrisy.And of course, Fox News is desperately trying to keep footage of Trump s curtsy off the air.So when footage did pop up during Fox host Jeanine Pirro s show on Saturday, she clearly became annoyed and gestured furiously with her hand in an effort to get her staff to cut the tape and switch to something else. And that s why Fox viewers ended up getting a full-screen view of Kellyanne Conway instead of the split-screen that had been playing.Here s the video via YouTube.Trump s bow to the Saudi king is embarrassing to Fox hosts, who also spent years criticizing President Obama for showing respect to the leaders of other nations.Therefore, Trump is not the only hypocrite here. Fox News hosts are hypocrites, too, for refusing to criticize Trump in the exact same way they criticized President Obama.Donald Trump and Fox News had better buckle up and prepare for hell to rain down upon them. Because every time Trump does something that he criticized President Obama for doing he is going to get called out for it, and Fox will be reminded of how they treated him.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
1389, Trump Refuses To Say ‘Radical Islamic Terrorism’ In Speech And Gets GUTTED For Being A Hypocrite,"Donald Trump is a complete hypocrite.Just a day after curtsying to the Saudi Arabian king after repeatedly whining about President Obama bowing, Trump delivered a speech about terrorism in which he failed to say the words  radical Islamic terrorism,  something else he bitched about every time President Obama talked about terrorism.As you ll recall, Trump even went so far as to claim that President Obama was in league with ISIS just because he refused to say those three words. And he also said Obama should resign from office if he can t say it. For that reason alone, he should step down. If Hillary Clinton, after this attack, still cannot say the two words  Radical Islam  she should get out of this race for the Presidency. Well, Trump should take his own criticism seriously and resign from office.During his speech on Sunday, Trump omitted the words entirely and used President Obama s careful approach as his own.After Trump s criticism, Obama made it clear why he won t use those words.  We are not at war with Islam,  Obama said.  We are at war with people who have perverted Islam. And that s basically what Trump said after months of accusing President Obama of being weak.Now Trump gets to experience how he treated Obama, but it s even worse because Trump is being blasted for being a coward and a hypocrite.@realDonaldTrump I read and heard it where did you say  Radical Islamic Terrorists ? I was sure you would since you said Obama is weak for not saying it.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) May 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump You call them gutless and cowards and yet you still bow to them! #SaudiArabia pic.twitter.com/2XfF7uzuJY  Alex Haditaghi (@Alexhaditaghi) May 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump proves he s a pussy and a liar Didn t once use the term RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM he s everything he called Obama & Hillary  Vince pesce (@d1Vinman) May 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump *Gasp* you didn t say  Radical Islamic Terrorist  once! What about all those times you promised you would? Oh, that was just a lie? Got it.  John Q Nicholson III (@Ikea_Monkey_89) May 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump Repeat after me you Coward  Radical Islamic Terrorism   radical Islamic terrorism   radical Islamic terrorism  Vesaversa (@visaversa3) May 21, 2017If Trump doesn t say the Magic Words  Radical Islamic Terrorism  at least 5 times, he s part of #CreepingSharia.  Rick Wilson (@TheRickWilson) May 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump You didn t write it. Tell us why you didn t include your words Radical Islam. You confuse your low level followers. Nice curtsey BTW#resist  ArmchairWarrior (@CrumbyVh) May 21, 2017Trump is not only not saying  radical Islamic terrorism,  he s rejecting the *premise* of the phrase he mocked Obama/Clinton for not using.  Daniel Dale (@ddale8) May 21, 2017To recap, Trump went to Saudi Arabia and curtsied to the king, gave them the weapons deal they wanted, and then proceeded to cowardly refuse to say the words he criticized President Obama for not saying. Donald Trump s supporters should all be pissed off, but they re too busy kissing his ass to notice they got played for suckers.Featured Image: Olivier Douliery   Pool/Getty Images",0
1390, WATCH: Students WALK OUT During Mike Pence’s Commencement Speech,"While vice-president Mike Pence gave a commencement speech Sunday at the University of Notre Dame in Indiana where he was the bigoted governor before joining team Trump, a large group of graduating students walked out. One of the students wore a rainbow cape, while some of the others who walked out in protest sported rainbow flags on their graduation caps. Congratulations to a generation of promise. We are proud of you all,  Pence said, according to WNDU.  For this son of Indiana, it is great to be back home again. Pence praised Donald Trump s executive order on religious freedom and targeted what he called political correctness on campus, saying it was  wholly outside the American tradition.  He criticized what he called college  safe spaces. While this institution has maintained an atmosphere of civility and open debate, far too many campuses across America have become characterized by speech codes, safe spaces, tone policing, administration-sanctioned political correctness   all of which amounts to the suppression of free speech,  he said, according to The Huffington Post.  These practices are destructive of learning and the pursuit of knowledge. We re glad that Pence believes in the First Amendment because his boss certainly doesn t. Valedictorian C.J. Pine gave an address prior to Pence s speech in which he called for equal rights and religious freedom for Muslims and people of all faiths. Our generation must stand against the scapegoating of Muslims,  Pine said.  If we are going to build walls between American students and international students, then I am skewered on the fence,  Pine said.Father John Jenkins, Notre Dame s president, called for less division. Too often the love that fires our passion is twisted into a hatred in which we disagree,  Jenkins said.Watch:A large group of students just walked out of Notre Dame's commencement during VP Mike Pence's address. #ND2017 pic.twitter.com/g3dCuqPbXg  WNDU (@WNDU) May 21, 2017Last week, over 1,700 Notre Dame alumni signed a letter to express their disappointment over the school s decision to have Pence give the commencement address.While Trump was on the campaign trail he said to  ask the gays  about his actions to help LGBTQ groups compared to Hillary Clinton. However, Trump chose Mike Pence as his vice-president, a man who has been hostile to the gay community.Since Pence is an advocate of free speech and is supposedly against political correctness then he must have been really proud of the students who walked out during his speech.Image via screen capture.",0
1391, Dems Furious After Rosenstein Briefing,"Democrats are reportedly furious at deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein after a classified, closed-door meeting on Friday. The meeting was held to update members of the House of Representatives on the probe into the Trump campaign s ties with Russia, and to reassure members of the House that the newly-appointed special counsel has all the tools he needs at his disposal. Many Democrats clearly weren t swayed by Rosenstein s remarks. Rep. Seth Moulton (D-MA) spoke to the core of the Democratic representatives  issues with the briefing. After the meeting, he told reporters,  There was considerable frustration in the room. This renewed my confidence that we should not have confidence in this administration. Just came out of the House briefing by the Deputy AG. It renewed my confidence that we should have no confidence in this Administration.  Seth Moulton (@sethmoulton) May 19, 2017Moulton went on,  [Rosenstein] refused to answer a lot of questions. There s definitely concern about the control of the administration and whether or not Mueller has the authority that he truly needs. Rep. Mike Quigley (D-IL), who is a member of the House Intelligence Committee, added, I just don t think he was prepared to talk about much. He didn t do anything to satisfy anybody in that regard. Rep @MaxineWaters leaves the Rosenstein briefing, throws up her hands, and says, ""Waste of time! Another waste of time!""  Frank Thorp V (@frankthorp) May 19, 2017Rep. Ruben Gallego (D-AZ) appeared to be even more angry about Rosenstein s briefing. He called the meeting  useless,  and implied it only served to escalate tensions between House Democrats and the FBI. Gallego said,  He caused more confusion and anger among members of Congress. Mbrs are walking out of Rosenstein briefing upset at lack of clarity on Mueller/Comey. Say it didn't instill confidence in process  Chad Pergram (@ChadPergram) May 19, 2017 The skepticism persists,  said Rep. Linda S nchez (D-CA), vice chairwoman of the House Democratic Caucus.  We got a lot of,  Trust us, we ve got integrity, we re straight shooters, we don t have ulterior motives.  I mean, it s basically,  Trust us,  she said.  And I m operating under [the guideline],  OK, trust but verify.  We need  factual information. ""There wasn't a damn bit of classified information. It was a colossal waste of my time""   Dem Rep Mike Thompson on Rosenstein briefing.  Erica Werner (@ericawerner) May 19, 2017Republican lawmakers had a decidedly different take on the meeting. They appeared to be reassured by Rosenstein s promises, and trust the administration not to interfere with the special counsel.Rep. Darrell Issa (R-CA) said,  What I learned, and I m very satisfied with, is the special prosecutor will have the breadth of scope necessary to follow all leads   directly and tangentially. Photo by Win McNamee via Getty Images.",0
1392, African-American Rep. Plays Racist Calls Received After Calling For Trump Impeachment (AUDIO),"Congressman Al Green (D-Texas) thinks, like a lot of Americans, that Donald Trump should be impeached. Rep. Green, though, is African-American, so to Trump voters, that only means one thing. He should be lynched.Green, a seven-term congressman and member of the Congressional Black Caucus, made his call for impeachment after Trump tweeted warning former FBI director James Comey not to leak details of their conversations with the press. Green told the audience he believes that Trump s actions amounted to an admission of obstruction of justice, and the tweet constituted intimidation. It is imperative, he said, that the House move to indict Trump; nothing less than the rule of law is at stake.Source: Mother JonesIn a town hall meeting on Saturday, Green played some of the threatening voicemails that have been left at his office by Trump supporters. You ll be hanging from a tree,  one caller said.The calls use graphic racial slurs, some calling Green the n-word.  You ain t going to impeach nobody. Try it and we will lynch all of you,  the caller said.Some of the callers called him the  n  word. Others said he should be lynched and at least one mentioned the debunked fake news story that Democratic National Committee staffer Seth Rich was murdered by Hillary Clinton.Here are some of the audios, which may be NSFW:Green won t let these freaks stop him from doing his job, though. We are not going to be intimidated,  Green said Saturday in southwest Houston.  We are not going to allow this to cause us to deviate from what we believe to be the right thing to do and that is to proceed with the impeachment of President Trump. Source: CBS NewsStill, he s taking the calls seriously. He said that  when a person talks about lynching you, we think that s a pretty serious threat. Let s hope the Secret Service is on this.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
1393, Twitter Just Apologized For Making Donald Trump President," I think that maybe I wouldn t be here if it wasn t for Twitter,  Donald Trump told Fox News earlier this year.  This possibility apparently has Twitter co-founder Evan Williams staying up at night, as he just apologized for any role Twitter played in putting Orange Mussolini in the White House. It s a very bad thing, Twitter s role in that,  Williams told the New York Times in an article published Saturday.  If it s true that he wouldn t be president if it weren t for Twitter, then yeah, I m sorry. This isn t the first time Williams has expressed dismay at the impact of social media on Trump s message  of hate.   What we tend to forget is that Zeus was so pissed at Prometheus that he chained him to a rock so eagles could peck out his guts for eternity,  he said in a commencement speech at the University of Nebraska earlier this month.  Some would say that s what we deserve for giving the power of tweets to Donald Trump. Unfortunately, Trump is correct that Twitter played a huge role in swinging his election his way   especially with numerous paid Russian trolls on his side spreading lies about his opponent.Even more unfortunately, the lies and hate he continues to tweet as President* are continuing to have a deleterious impact on our nation.Featured image via Getty Images/Pool",0
1394, He ‘Belongs In An Institution’: James Comey’s Republican Father Rips Trump,"Amateur president Donald Trump s repeated attacks on former FBI James Comey, the man who was leading the investigation into possible collusion between the former reality show star s campaign and Russia, only make him look complicit. In Comey s hometown, Allendale, New Jersey, the residents admire the former FBI Director. In Trump s hometown, Manhattan, the alleged president is hated.Trump called Comey a  showboat  and a  grandstander  but residents of Allendale know Comey as a man who knows right from wrong.It was revealed yesterday that Trump told Russian officials that James Comey is a  nut job,  then bragged that firing the former FBI Director eased  great pressure  from the Russia-collusion investigation. I just fired the head of the F.B.I. He was crazy, a real nut job,  Trump told the Russian officials, according to the New York Times.  I faced great pressure because of Russia. That s taken off. I m not under investigation,  Trump added.Comey s father, a Republican, thinks Trump is nuts and belongs in an institution.J. Brien Comey, 86, turned Trump s harsh opinion of his son against him. I never was crazy about Trump,  said Mr. Comey.  I m convinced that he s nuts. I thought he belonged in an institution. He was crazy before he became president. Now he s really crazy. Comey is known as a man who leaves a paper trail. Comey penned memos to detail conversations he had with Trump, and even worse for the alleged president, the former FBI Director has agreed to testify publicly before the Senate Intelligence Committee at a date to be set after Memorial Day. The Committee looks forward to receiving testimony from the former director on his role in the development of the Intelligence Community Assessment on Russian interference in the 2016 US elections, and I am hopeful that he will clarify for the American people recent events that have been broadly reported in the media,  Chairman Richard Burr (R-N.C.) said in a statement.The walls are closing in on Mr. Trump. It appears that his son-in-law Jared Kushner is a  person of interest  in the Russia investigation.To his own detriment, Trump seems to be trying hard to bring an obstruction of justice case against himself. The former reality show star doesn t think before he tweets or speaks, nor does he think about who he s speaking to. Telling Russian officials that he fired Comey to relieve pressure from an investigation just screams  obstruction of justice. Trump must feel isolated after trashing his own staff with threats of shaking up the White House. His team defended him daily on news shows but now, they re MIA. He came at Comey, and karma is about to strike. Comey will testify and his father, a Republican, thinks Trump needs to be locked up in an institution. We hope Trump will be haunted forever by the  lock her up  chants ringing out at his rallies. Life comes at you fast.Photo by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images.",0
1395, Exasperated Anderson Cooper Tells Trump Supporter What We’ve All Been Thinking (VIDEO),"CNN s Anderson Cooper has pretty much had it with Trump surrogates. Last week, he became a viral internet meme when he rolled his eyes at Kellyanne Conway. Now, he s about to become another internet meme with his hilariously disgusting and inappropriate comment to Trump sycophant Jeffrey Lord.Cooper was interviewing Lord on Friday afternoon. Lord was defending Trump s telling Russian officials that he fired Comey to take the pressure off his administration. Cooper became just frustrated enough with the BS that was being spouted that Cooper, on live cable news TV, said,  If he told a dump on his desk, you would defend it. Cooper realized that the might have wandered outside the norms of professionalism (don t we all these days) and sort of apologized. He even offered Lord a bit of flattery   if you can call it that: I mean, I don t know what he would do that you would not defend,  Cooper continued.  I mean, you re a loyal guy, I think that speaks well of you. Source: Entertainment WeeklyHere s the video:The actual apology came via Twitter:I regret the crude sentence i spoke earlier tonight and followed it up by apologizing on air. It was unprofessional. I am genuinely sorry.  Anderson Cooper (@andersoncooper) May 20, 2017The Twitterverse thought Cooper s apology was completely unnecessary Many were amazed at Cooper s restraint:@Meryals @Green_Footballs @jaunte @andersoncooper This. And really, what was there to apologize for?https://t.co/oZgujz8fe5  Myron @ GOBA   4WKS! (@myronfalwell) May 20, 2017@andersoncooper you better not apologize! These Guests you have on would drive Jesus to start smoking meth to cope. lol you re good  Kellee Terrell (@kelleent) May 20, 2017@kelleent @andersoncooper Seriously. I need to apologize. If he was in the studio I would have theoat punched him  Marine Zograbyan (@TAINTEDLUVV) May 20, 2017@andersoncooper I would hold the apology until after Trump apologizes for calling for the state execution of the innocent Central Park 5 kids.  Anil Dash (@anildash) May 20, 2017@anildash @andersoncooper Or mocking a handicapped reporter, bashing a gold star family, downplaying a Vietnam POW s captivity, accusing his predecessor of a felony  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) May 20, 2017@dwsNY @RobertMaguire_ @anildash @andersoncooper or bragging about sexual assault, sexually objectifying his own daughter, sullying the WH.  Kendra of Ulm (@thekendra) May 20, 2017@Rosie @andersoncooper pic.twitter.com/H1vT54my0M  Mike Denison (@mikd33) May 20, 2017One, though, noted the real problem with the interview:@andersoncooper @brianstelter CNN should probably stop paying people like Jeffrey Lord to defend everything Trump does without question. It doesn t inform anyone.  Parker Molloy (@ParkerMolloy) May 20, 2017Featured image via video screen capture.",0
1396," Conservatives Bashed Obama For ‘Bowing’ To Saudis, Trump Just…Curtsied??? (VIDEO)","Long before presidential scandals were as serious as conflicts of interest and obstruction of justice, conservatives had to content themselves with bashing President Obama over every small thing   however silly. Naturally, those criticisms have come back to haunt them as their own new president s bull in a china shop approach to governance means he does every single thing conservatives once accused Obama of doing but worse.It s exposed the conservative media as a clown car overflowing with hypocrites. Before FBI investigations and Russian collusion, this is the sort of thing conservative reporters spent weeks endlessly covering:Even nearly a decade later, the comment section on sites like Breitbart and InfoWars feature commenters who love to attack President Obama for this supposed  bow.  Ironically, the fact that they can t think up anything better to criticize him for inadvertently highlights how relatively scandal-free Obama s presidency was.That hasn t stopped Fox News. The network seemed eager to smear Obama during its coverage of Trump s visit to the Middle East. In an hilariously half-baked  report  on  foreign policy, Fox ran with this headline early into Trump s Saudi Arabian visit. Ugh.That headline becomes extremely awkward when the latest video from Trump s visit emerged: The man conservatives say is an alpha male leader gave a small curtsy after he was presented with a medal in Saudi Arabia.Unlike Obama, tRump didn't bow, he curtsied. ??? pic.twitter.com/TH50aJlGW6  BluePixie (@BluePixie3) May 20, 2017What a bold presidential gesture! I m sure Fox News will cover it with just as much seriousness as they had Obama s trip to Saudi Arabia, right?Here s another angle. That s definitely a curtsy.Trump once criticized Obama for bowing to foreign leaders (as is customary).Trump CURTSIES instead. pic.twitter.com/SOEZy7IqGx  Mikel Jollett (@Mikel_Jollett) May 20, 2017In Trump s defense, he is uniquely susceptible to flattery. Giving Trump a medal or praising him are extremely easy ways to get him to do what you want. In Saudi Arabia s case, the small gold token seems to have been enough to compel Trump to rubber-stamp a $110 billion arms deal (including weapons Obama had withheld from the Saudis for fear they would be used in war crimes) and an additional $200+ billion investment deal.And Trump got to get a shiny medal! A win-win.Featured image via Twitter",0
1397," Despite Being Warned, Trump Immediately Gives Saudi Hosts An Insulting ‘Middle Finger’ Gesture","It s potentially a world record: Trump managed to insult his foreign hosts almost immediately after stepping foot off of Air Force One. And making matters worse, the misstep was so easy to avoid. Numerous people tried to warn him but he couldn t be bothered.One of Donald Trump s favorite things to do is give two thumbs up. Despite being a 70-year-old man currently facing several FBI and congressional investigations into campaign wrongdoing and a new investigation into possible obstruction of justice, Trump s go-to gesture is a big smile and a thumbs up for the cameras. Nixon had the double peace sign, Trump has his thumbs up. I guess it s supposed to project confidence in the face of so much chaos. Is it working?But to anyone with even cursory knowledge of Saudi Arabian customs, the gesture Trump loves so much doesn t mean the same thing over there. In fact, like many places around the world, a thumbs up is equivalent to giving a middle finger. Knowing Trump s ignorance of other cultures and his love for the gesture meant anyone could see that he was walking into a disaster. He was warned. Repeatedly.Taboos in Saudi Arabia. Last bullet point = Trump's signature gesture. pic.twitter.com/6vBCgMoquA  Annie Karni (@anniekarni) May 20, 2017One would assume Trump might scan the list of  taboos  on the 14-hour flight over to a country he s never been, but Trump   whose pastimes include watching Fox News and eating fast food   apparently skipped the memo. Too many words.Instead, Trump stepped off his plane and instantly did what everyone knew he would: Thumbs up!Did Trump spend the plane ride over studying Arab customs, or yelling at subordinates and eating KFC with silver cutlery? pic.twitter.com/SbCHbUojnU  Tom the Dancing Bug (@RubenBolling) May 20, 2017Trump s insta-gaffe is just another sign that the president is not taking his first trip abroad seriously. Already sources within the White House have leaked Trump s dread of the trip. He repeatedly asked that the trip be shortened. He refused to prep for it.Meanwhile, foreign dignitaries are preparing for Trump s visit by Trump-proofing everything. Diplomats are encouraged to play to Trump s outsized ego and limited attention span:Keep it short   no 30-minute monologue for a 30-second attention span. Do not assume he knows the history of the country or its major points of contention. Compliment him on his Electoral College victory. Contrast him favorably with President Barack Obama. Do not get hung up on whatever was said during the campaign. Stay in regular touch. Do not go in with a shopping list but bring some sort of deal he can call a victory.The bar being set so low for Trump probably means that the Saudis weren t particularly surprised that Trump immediately flashed a rude gesture. In the same way a toddler might get away with behavior that would be unacceptable for an older person, Trump s inability to rise to any occasion, no matter how easy, means he s given a lot of leeway.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1398, Paul Krugman Shares The One Damning Truth About Corrupt Republicans We Can All Agree On (DETAILS),"The amount of corruption we have seen in Donald Trump s rise and presidency has been alarming, and it s not going to stop anytime soon.Even after suspiciously firing his FBI Director during an explosive investigation and having several high profile personal lawsuits, scandals and conflicts of interest, the Republican Party still has yet to hold Trump accountable for his faults. Whenever the GOP has had a chance to distance itself from Trump and do the right thing, spineless Republicans have failed to stand up and put their country first.In a Friday column in The New York Times, columnist Paul Krugman brilliantly pointed out the Republican Party s failing during Trump s presidency. Krugman states that today s GOP has become more about tax cuts for the rich than anything else, and conservatives will defend it at all costs. Arguing that Republicans no longer care about their country or its Constitution, Krugman wrote: This structure rewards, indeed insists on, absolute fealty. What this means is that nearly all Republicans in today s Congress are apparatchiks, political creatures with no higher principle beyond party loyalty. We ve certainly seen this play out in the way that Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and other prominent Republicans refuse to hold erratic Trump accountable even as his scandals and behavior put the country at risk. But even if Trump were to be impeached, Krugman warns,  the threat to the Republic will be far from over.  Krugman states that Trump s idiocy may have actually helped the country stay away from more sinister Republican values: In a perverse way, we should count ourselves lucky that Trump is as terrible as he is. The point is that given the character of the Republican Party, we d be well on the way to autocracy if the man in the White House had even slightly more self-control. Trump may have done himself in; but it can still happen here. We hate to say it, but he s probably right.Featured image via Mark Wilson / Getty Images",0
1399," Disney World Is Having A Meltdown Over Trump, Doesn’t Want To Add Him To Hall Of Presidents","Donald Trump has disgraced the United States and made the country s White House an absolute circus   but he s not done ruining things yet. Apparently, the election of Trump is also going to ruin Disney World.According to a report by Motherboard, the Imagineers at Disney World are having a meltdown over having to add this illegitimate president to the Hall of Presidents. Every single POTUS has been added to this feature in Disney World, and now they re faced with a truly awful 45th president that does not deserve to stand beside the others, but must be included to follow tradition.Since 1993, several of the animatronic presidents have had speaking parts in the hall s presentation, which includes a history lesson and music. This presents a unique problem for the people tasked with making the Trump robot   what should a POTUS with the vocabulary and speech patterns of a 5-year-old say? Surely, anything that comes out of Trump s mouth is going to stick out like a sore thumb compared to his wiser, more competent predecessors.The people at Disney have been torn up about this, but Motherboard reports that they ve decided to add him, under the conditions that he doesn t say a damn word. Motherboard wrote: Motherboard spoke via email and phone to a source close to Walt Disney Imagineering the research and development department behind Disney s theme park attractions. And according to the source, Donald Trump will be in the attraction, but he will probably not have a speaking role, unlike the three presidents immediately before him. The Imagineers will likely revert the attraction to its pre-1993 format, where the current president does not speak, while keeping the more realistic, grounded tone of the current show. Apparently, Disney World is also acknowledging the fact that Trump might not be in the White House much longer. Motherboard stated: Given President Trump s current problems, Walt Disney World might elect to push the attraction s opening date back to the fall and then make further tweaks to the show. Featured image is a screenshot",0
1400, Hilarious Rare Video Shows How Hillary Prepared To Avoid A Trump Hug,"By now, we re all aware of how Donald Trump repeatedly humiliates the nation with his handshake games. He awkwardly tugs people in some kind of attempted power play, holds on to their hands for far too long, and, in the most inhospitable move of all, attempts to give them unwanted hugs.Well, during the 2016 presidential campaign, it appears that Hillary Clinton s team had observed this bizarre behavior, and made sure that when she met Trump for debates, Hillary was ready to avoid the gross awkwardness of an unwanted Trump hug in front of millions of debate viewers.On Friday, longtime Clinton aide Phillip Reines released a rare clip from debate prep, in which he played Donald Trump. In the clip, Reines as Trump attempts to hug Hillary, and she runs away from him.While funny, it really does show just how bizarre Trump s behavior is, and it speaks to a larger issue with his mental state. Anyone who acts like that with people they are opposing politically, or worse, meeting for the purpose of diplomacy, has serious issues.We re not the only ones who think so, either. Just Google the videos of Trump s Oval Office meetings with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, or any other world leader Trump has behaved this way with. They all look either disgusted, alarmed, horrified, insulted, or some combination thereof. And of course, we can t leave out the reports that now-former FBI Director James Comey was, quote,  disgusted  with the forced half-hug Trump gave him for the cameras.Oh well, at least we get this bit of Hillary humor while we witness and live through what is easily the craziest, most bizarre presidency in the history of this great nation.Watch the video below:Not easy to avoid the unwanted Trump hug, sometimes it even takes practice A favorite moment from debate prep (9/24/16): pic.twitter.com/JAAHaqKFoa  Philippe Reines (@PhilippeReines) May 19, 2017Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
1401, Russian Investigation Landing Very Close To Trump; Jared Kushner Now ‘Person Of Interest’,"While Donald Trump is on a whirlwind world tour, the Russian investigation is beginning to land uncomfortably close to home for Trump. A member of his own family, his son-in-law Jared Kushner, is now reportedly a  person of interest. The Washington Post said a senior adviser to Mr Trump was among people investigators wanted to speak to. A New York magazine reporter then said the person in question was Mr Kushner, 36, who is married to Mr Trump s eldest daughter and who flew out of Washington on Friday night to accompany the President on his first official foreign trip.The Post said the person under investigation was close to the President, but did not identify them. However, the number of people who fit such a profile would be very small.Source: IndependentAnnnd another bomb: Russia probe sees a current Trump official as a  significant person of interest,  WaPo reports. https://t.co/mhFonUx1Wv pic.twitter.com/xjMPuELXVO  Daniel Dale (@ddale8) May 19, 2017WashPo reports:-person of interest is a  WH official  3 officials had confirmed Russia contact  1 of them works at WH, Jared Kushner  Ari Melber (@AriMelber) May 19, 2017Jared is the  person of interest  in the West Wing that the Feds are looking at. What an amazing end to the week!  Eric Schmeltzer (@JustSchmeltzer) May 19, 2017Does this mean that an arrest of Kushner is imminent? No. While things have begun escalating rather quickly, The Washington Post reports that criminal charges are likely not near.Right now, all of this is speculative, but when you connect the dots, they connect right to Kushner. It could be that people behind the investigation believe that Kushner is vulnerable and likely to talk. We already know that he made a lie of omission on his security clearance application and  forgot  to mention a meeting with Russians. This makes him a fairly easy target in the investigation and as one of the few people to have the ear of Trump, he likely knows a lot about all of the Russian ties. He knows where all the bodies are buried, so to speak.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1402, Saudi Arabia Will Do Something Truly Disgusting In An Attempt To Accommodate Trump (DETAILS),"This weekend, Donald Trump will visit Saudi Arabia   and the country is going out of its way to make him comfortable.Everyone knows that Donald Trump basically has the diet of an unhealthy toddler   he survives entirely on fast food and junk. It s previously been reported that Trump prefers burgers and meatloaf, Caesar salads and spaghetti, See s Candies and Diet Coke. And he shuns tea, coffee, and alcohol. This was a concern for the POTUS  first trip overseas, but Saudi Arabia has come to the rescue. During Trump s visit, he will be served steak   which Trump likes burnt to a crisp   with ketchup (his favorite) after all.The Associated Press reported on the preparations that must be made for Trump s visit, stating that there were extra steps that needed to be taken just for Trump: People with knowledge of the planning for Trump s trip say the caterers are planning to offer the president steak and ketchup alongside the lamb and hefty portions of rice on the menu. All the meat will have been butchered in a Shariah-compliant halal manner as per Islamic custom. And of course, Trump will probably still find a way to be difficult and ungrateful. The Associated Press wrote: Trump s hosts on his upcoming trip are well-aware of his aversion to travel and are trying to make accommodations to keep him happy. Even if things are going perfectly, we re sure Trump will find a way to complain. He has made outlandish requests before, and just recently canceled a trip to Israel because he wasn t allowed to land his helicopter on top of the mountain fortress of Masada. This kind of diva behavior is humiliating for the country, and we can bank on Trump have some sort of issue while he s overseas.Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",0
1403, BOMBSHELL REPORT: White House Counsel Preparing For Impeachment (DETAILS),"The investigation into Donald Trump and his associates  possible collusion with the Russian government to fix the 2016 presidential election is moving at lightening speed now. With Trump s openly admitting that he fired FBI Director James Comey due to the Russia investigation   hell, he even admitted it to the Russians   it looks like we may have a pretty clear case of obstruction of justice on the part of this alleged  president,  and it seems that the White House Counsel s office knows it, too.According to CNN, the White House Counsel s Office, headed up by Don McGahn, is now actively consulting experts on what the impeachment of Donald Trump might look like. Apparently, it is simply in the internal research phase at this time, and the  White House Counsel thinks that the GOP-controlled Congress will cushion the blows and cover for Trump.When pressed for comment on this development, the White House simply says,  it s not true.  That comes as no surprise, though, because that is what they always say when it comes to news stories that are unflattering to them or their orange leader   whether said stories are true or not.I am personally more inclined to believe the reporting from CNN, which says:The legal discussions are part of a broader internal effort to bolster the president s legal defense, which has become more complicated with the Justice Department s appointment of a special counsel to pursue the investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election.In other words, they realize that the special counsel who has been appointed by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein in the form of former FBI Director Robert Mueller will not be bullied, intimidated, or manipulated. They also realize what it would look like if Trump just up and fired Mueller the way he did James Comey, so that particular trick is off the table at this point.Trump and his cronies are in deep shit, and their days are numbered. If we re lucky, the whole treasonous, corrupt bunch will be chucked out of our White House and hauled off to jail by the time this is all said and done.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1404," Paul Ryan Is FREAKING OUT After Leaked Tapes Surface, TERRIFIED Of What’s Coming Next","Earlier this week, audio surfaced of Paul Ryan and some of his Republican cronies joking that Donald Trump is on Vladimir Putin s payroll. The Speaker of the House is now both furious and scared shitless about what damaging information might be leaked next.Speaking to conservative talk radio host Hugh Hewitt, Ryan said that being recorded and caught red handed is all new territory for him. I ve never seen anything like this,  Ryan said.  There was somebody who taped a meeting a year ago where our majority leader cracked a joke and then they released the tape of that joke out just a few days ago and that s a pretty bizarre thing to happen. So obviously that s a cause of concern of ours. Hewitt asked Ryan if he thought Evan McMullin, a Republican from Utah who ran an independent campaign against Trump, might be the one behind the leak. But Ryan refused to comment on who he thinks could be responsible. I m not going to speculate on who it is,  Ryan said.  That s the name that most people, you know, you hear about. McMullin was present for the meeting because he was serving as a staffer for GOP Conference Chair Cathy McMorris Rodgers (R-WA) at the time, who can also be heard chatting on the recording.According to the Washington Post, McMullin was not the one who leaked the tape. But McMullin previously mentioned this exchange in an op-ed he wrote for the New York Times. Suspect public comments like these led one senior Republican leader to dolefully inform his peers that he thought Mr. Trump was on the Kremlin s payroll, suggesting that Mr. Trump had been compromised by Russian intelligence,  McMullin wrote. Other leaders were surprised by their colleague s frank assessment, but did not dispute it. One thing is clear, Ryan is scared. He has no idea what horrific comments may be made public next and I have a feeling that he has said quite a few things he really doesn t want anyone to hear.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1405, Trump’s Version Of Firing James Comey Was Just Blown Out Of The Water,"Donald Trump s ever-changing story of why he fired former FBI Director James Comey amid an active investigation into the former reality show star s campaign for possible collusion with Russia was just smashed to bits.Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein on Friday defended the memo he wrote to Trump, which the alleged president initially cited as a recommendation to fire Comey earlier this month. Trump used Rosenstein s words to say that he recommended firing Comey. Of course, Trump changed that version later to say that he would have fired him anyway without the recommendation.As it happens, though, Trump decided to fire Comey before Rosenstein was asked to pen the memo.CNN reports:Rosenstein, according to his a copy of his prepared remarks at a briefing before the US House of Representatives, said that he learned on May 8 that Trump intended to fire Comey and that Trump sought Rosenstein s  advice and input  that same day.The next day Rosenstein issued the memo to Trump, and Comey was swiftly dismissed.(my emphasis)Rosenstein did say in the closed-door briefing that he  chose the issues to include in my memorandum  and believed it was time for new leadership at the FBI, but he added that it was  not a statement of reasons to justify a for-cause termination. Rosenstein detailed why he thought Comey s public statement about Hillary Clinton s email scandal was  profoundly wrong and unfair both to the Department of Justice and Secretary Clinton. Rosenstein said that he stands by his memo, then closed his prepared remarks by adding that he is  not aware  of any requests by the FBI to receive additional resources for the investigation into Russia s interference in the 2016 campaign.Rosenstein told Congress he knew DJT plan to fire Comey before writing memo says it was not a justification for firing; blows apart WH story pic.twitter.com/rD0Lnx10zY  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) May 19, 2017The White House and Vice-President Mike Pence, as well as numerous senior aides, repeatedly referred to the Rosenstein memo which listed the ways Comey mishandled the Clinton email controversy. And really, are we to believe that Donald  Lock her up  Trump felt that Hillary Clinton s unfair treatment by James Comey just before the election was the reason behind the firing of the former FBI Director   and it s totally not because he was leading an investigation into the Trump administration s alleged ties to Russia?Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
1406, During Russia Meeting Trump Explicitly Bragged He Fired Comey To Kill ‘Pressure’ Of Investigation,"In a meeting Trump held with two Russian officials at the behest of Russian President Vladimir Putin, Trump is said to have bragged about firing FBI Director James Comey and boasting that it eased  great pressure  on him in how he deals with Russia. Comey had been actively pursuing an investigation into the Trump campaign s involvement with Russian interference in the 2016 election that ultimately put him in office. Trump, it seems, felt that the investigation was preventing him from cozying up to Putin.The New York Times reported that they had obtained a  summary  of the meeting which documented the exchange: I just fired the head of the F.B.I. He was crazy, a real nut job,  Mr. Trump said, according to the document, which was read to the New York Times by an American official.  I faced great pressure because of Russia. That s taken off. Mr. Trump added,  I m not under investigation. Trump s overt statement that the pressure on him had been  taken off  confirms Trump did, in fact, knowingly fire Comey in order to obstruct the investigation into his Russian connections. The word  bombshell  gets thrown around a lot but  that s a bombshell.The world might never have known about this frank confession of guilt because the White House prevented U.S. reporters from attending. The only journalist in the room was a Russian government-backed photographer whom American officials said  lied  about his credentials. He has kept his mouth shut.Meanwhile, the heat on Trump actually turned up since his firing of Comey. A special counsel has been assigned to look into the matter. And then there is this, a scoop by the Washington Post:The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter.There is someone currently working for Trump that investigators believe either was or still is coordinating with Russia. What s more, thanks to the report by the New York Times, we know Trump knows this investigation isn t going to go his way. That s obstruction of justice wrapped in obstruction of justice topped with more obstruction of justice.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
1407, Comey Hates Trump So Much He Once Tried To Hide In The Curtains To Avoid Him (VIDEO),"We all know the feeling of dread that takes over when you see someone in public that you would really rather avoid. That frantic moment when you look around for somewhere, anywhere, to hide. Well, apparently former FBI Director James Comey felt that way about Donald Trump, not that you can blame him.The New York Times reports that Comey was once so desperate to avoid dealing with Trump that he tried to blend in with the curtains to avoid him. Make no mistake, Comey is not a little guy. He stands 6 8  tall. So he tends to stand out. But Brookings Institution fellow Benjamin Wittes said that Comey was hoping that if he stood close enough to the dark blue curtains of the White House Blue Room in his suit (that was an almost perfect match), maybe he could go unnoticed. He thought he had gotten through and not been noticed or singled out and that he was going to get away without an individual interaction,  Wittes told the Times.But no such luck. Trump spotted Comey and made a big production out of it. He called Comey out of the curtains, noting that he had become  more famous  that himself and then proceeded to hug Comey   against his will.Comey said that as he was walking across the room he was determined that there wasn t going to be a hug,  Wittes said.  It was bad enough there was going to be a handshake. And Comey has long arms so Comey said he pre-emptively reached out for a handshake and grabbed the president s hand. But Trump pulled him into an embrace and Comey didn t reciprocate. If you look at the video, it s one person shaking hands and another hugging. Lucky for us, this classic moment was caught on video: Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
1408, Fox News Fires One Of Its Longest Running Hosts After He’s Caught Making Racist Remark To Employee,"The latest in a seemingly unending torrent of scandals and toxicity coming from Fox News, the network says it was forced to abruptly fire Bob Beckel after the longtime host of The Five made a  racially insensitive remark  to an African-American Fox News employee. The firing comes just weeks after the conservative channel faced a class-action lawsuit that alleged executives would entertain themselves by forcing black female employees to arm wrestle white employees.Beckel himself had a history with inflammatory, offensive comments. Ostensibly the channel s token  liberal,  Beckel proved himself to be anything but with repeated misogynistic and racist comments. In 2014, Beckel was briefly suspended after using the derogatory term  Chinamen  while bashing the Chinese government.His remarks towards an African-American employee were apparently the final straw: Bob Beckel was terminated today for making an insensitive remark to an African-American employee,  the network said in a statement. Fox News  human-resources department was made aware of a complaint about what one person familiar with the situation characterized as a  racially insensitive remark  on Tuesday evening. Executives conducted an internal investigation, this person said, and decided to part ways with Beckel Friday morning.It may be small consolation to the countless people its hurt over the years, but Fox News is having an exceptionally bad year. Despite their guy winning the election, the network has been plagued by scandals big and small.Worse still, by refusing to cover Trump honestly, the network has seen its ratings plummet. It now consistently loses to rivals CNN and MSNBC in primetime viewers, who tune into the other networks to learn about the Trump scandals Fox refuses to cover.And at this point, it s not entirely clear whether Fox News can ever fully recover from the culture of misogyny and racism that Ailes built. The fact that Beckel is still using racial slurs seems to suggest the problems go much deeper than any one host.UPDATE: The attorneys representing the man verbally harassed by Beckel have come forward with the victim s account of Beckel s behavior. It s bad. Mr. Beckel stormed out of his office when our client, a Black [sic] IT employee came to service his computer, telling our client that he was leaving his office because he is Black,  the attorneys said in a statement. They also allege that when their client went to lodge a complaint against Beckel, Fox News Chief Human Resource Officer Kevin Lord tried to intimidate him and convince him to withdraw the complaint.It appears that even when ultimately deciding to fire Beckel, Fox still behaved with characteristic awfulness.Featured image via Fox News",0
1409, Trump’s FCC Will Decimate Internet Freedom (VIDEO)," Republicans on the Federal Communications Commission have net neutrality in their sites again. This time, Trump appointed FCC Chairman, Ajit Pai, is leading the charge to undo Obama-era regulations that gave the FCC the power to restrict internet providers (ISPs) from having complete control over broadband delivery. Pai plans to ignore public protests, industry expert recommendations, and court opinions to hand over the reigns of the internet to ISP s.Ajit Pai is an ex-lawyer for Verizon and staffer for Jeff Sessions. He claims to support a free and open internet, but he does not agree with the FCC s rules. Pai would rather have Congress   who s members think it s cute to use the word  internets  protect net neutrality than an agency full of industry experts. The Internet was not broken in 2015,  Pai said during Thursday s hearing.  The utility-style regulations known as Title II were and are like the proverbial sledgehammer being wielded against the flea. Except that here, there was no flea. The FCC voted Thursday afternoon to roll back President Obama s 2015 policies using Pai s rule-changing proposal titled  Restoring Internet Freedom . The rule change would strip the FCC of oversight abilities, and it would result in a report on the economic impact of strict net neutrality rules. The lone Democrat on the FCC Commission, Mignon Clyburn, renamed the proposition  Destroying Internet Freedom .Critics like Commissioner Clyburn argue that fair competition in the internet must be protected among other things. Without net neutrality, many argue, ISP s can suppress first amendment rights by slowing down some webpages and applications. They could also alter speed and access to certain websites based on their bottom lines. For instance, if Hulu agrees to pay Comcast more than Netflix, Comcast could potentially slow Netflix s streaming and download speeds. Now that s scary.Not only does rolling back net neutrality protections disrupt internet fairness, without them it could become harder for those in rural, less populated areas to receive adequate coverage. A past report by the FCC concluded that net neutrality protects broadband users from  discriminatory practices that whittle away  public Internet.  It went on to assert that  Openness  is not just another  principle. The value of open networks is not a novel concept, but the Commission must act to ensure that the genius of the open Internet is not lost. Net neutrality rules are particularly important for rural broadband subscribers who may have only one provider.  The report states that the FCC needs to be instrumental in watching for and adjudicating discriminatory practices.Why do Republicans, like Pai, want to put an end to net neutrality.An April Wall Street Journal op-ed hails Pai s plan because it would  revert to the bipartisan consensus that the internet should be  unfettered by Federal or State regulation . Supporters want freedom for the ISP s.  Freedom,  Democrat Commissioner Clyburn points out, that the courts have ruled against three times.Alas, the FCC voted 1-3 to begin the process to peel back neutrality rules. Her words of dissent fell on deaf ears, but they may come to be an epithet if the proposition passes. If you unequivocally trust that your broadband provider will always put the public interest over self interest, then the destroying internet freedom [proposal] is for you. You can watch the FCC Net Neutrality Debate here:",0
1410," Trump Wants Flynn Back, Says Special Counsel “Hurts Our Country Terribly”","In a move that absolutely nobody could have seen coming, President Trump has lashed out about the newly-appointed special counsel tasked with looking into his campaign s dealings with Russian intelligence services. Trump told reporters on Thursday afternoon,  I believe it hurts our country terribly, because it shows we re a divided, mixed-up, not-unified country. And we have very important things to be doing right now, whether it s trade deals, whether it s military, whether it s stopping nuclear   all of the things that we discussed today. And I think this shows a very divided country. President Trump used his time with reporters to attack Democrats as well, blaming them for the multiple investigations into his ongoing backroom deals with Russia. He said,  It also happens to be a pure excuse for the Democrats having lost an election that they should have easily won because of the Electoral College being slanted so much in their way. That s all this is. President Trump s initial reaction to news that a special counsel has been appointed.That stands in sharp contrast to the statement that President Trump released yesterday, when he learned that a special counsel had been appointed. Trump also seemed to be concerned over how investigations into his presidency look to the rest of the world, saying  I think it shows division, and it shows that we re not together as a country. And I think it s a very, very negative thing. And hopefully, this can go quickly, because we have to show unity if we re going to do great things with respect to the rest of the world. Perhaps the biggest shock is that Trump reportedly still wants Michael Flynn to be a part of his administration. The President is convinced that Flynn will be found innocent, despite mounting evidence to the contrary. Trump reportedly wants Michael Flynn back.It s hard to imagine that anyone, even Trump, could possibly think that rehiring Flynn is a good decision. Photo by Richard Ellis via Getty Images",0
1411, Recused House Russia Investigation Committee Member Didn’t Really Recuse Himself At All,"About 163 Trump scandals ago, Rep. Devin Nunes (R-CA) recused himself from the House Russian investigation for feeding information to Donald Trump. A report from CNN, though, shows that he s still receiving intelligence.As you may recall, just a few weeks ago, Nunes came under fire for visiting the White House grounds after learning that Donald Trump may have been swept up in surveillance before he took office. Nunes denies that he delivered the intel to Trump but nonetheless, he recused himself from the investigation   at least he appeared, until now, to have recused himself.Nunes, a California Republican, took a trip to the CIA this week to review Russia intelligence, according to House intelligence committee sources. As word of Nunes trip trickled out among lawmakers this week, it angered Democrats who thought that they had moved past the chaos spurred by Nunes  coordination with the White House.Rep. Mike Quigley, an Illinois Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, shrugged when asked if he was concerned that Nunes had not completely removed himself from the House Russia investigation. He recused himself, so he can set those limits,  Quigley said.A senior House Republican aide noted that Nunes is still the chairman of the House intelligence committee and has duties, which still require him to review classified intelligence. The aide added that House Speaker Paul Ryan is not setting the terms of Nunes  recusal from the leadership of the investigation.Source: CNNRecusal, it appears, is all relative, at least if you re a Trump loving Republican. Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself from the Russia investigation, but still played a role in the firing of FBI Director James Comey.Democrats in both the House and the Senate are taking the investigation of Trump and his Russian ties very seriously, but Republicans, as Nunes and Sessions are proving, are doing everything in their power to obstruct the investigation. While it might be legal for Nunes to have the intel, it s certainly against the spirit of his recusal. If House leadership had a spine, they d be taking him off the committee altogether.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
1412," Trump Viciously Attacks Reporter For Cornering Him, Denies Telling Comey To Leave Flynn Alone (VIDEO)","Donald Trump is back to shutting down reporters for trying to get to the bottom of his lies and scandals.Earlier today, Trump gave an absolutely disastrous press conference in the wake of his Russia scandal blowing up over the last several days. During the press conference, Peter Baker from The New York Times tried to get Trump s insight into the investigation of Michael Flynn, and Trump basically lost it and had a meltdown. Baker started off by priming Trump: In the light of a very busy news week, a lot of people would like to get to the bottom of a couple of things   give you a chance to go on record here. Trump had somehow avoided any questions about Russia and Flynn until that moment, and everyone was on the edge of their seats waiting for what would come next. Baker continued: Did you at any time urge former FBI director James Comey in any way shape or form to close or to back down the investigation into Michael Flynn? Trump s response was nothing but cowardly, as he interrupted Baker and barely waited for the reporter to finish his sentence. Trump snapped back at Baker: No! No! Next question. Baker then asked Trump if he thinks he s done anything that could be worthy of criminal charges or impeachment.  Trump responded: I think it is totally ridiculous. Everybody thinks so. Obviously, Trump is ignoring the fact that most Americans want him the hell out of the White House, and believe he s guilty. You can watch Trump lash out at Baker below: No, no   next question  says President Trump when asked if he told Comey to stand down in Russia probe. pic.twitter.com/JsIcps4rt7  PBS NewsHour (@NewsHour) May 18, 2017Clearly, Trump has no intention of mending his relationship with the press.Featured image via Mark Wilson / Getty Images",0
1413, GOP Senator Says Flynn Stonewalling Russia Investigation,"According to Senate Intelligence Committee chairman Richard Burr (R-N.C.), Michael Flynn is not willing to cooperate with the committee s investigation into Russian interference in American elections.In an interview with Capitol Hill press on Thursday, Burr told reporters that Flynn s attorneys  have not yet indicated their attentions  to comply with a subpoena, despite the fact that is only  a day or two left  before Flynn will be forced to produce documents and testimony or be held in contempt. Senator Burr was careful to couch his words to maintain an impartial stance, but reporters present said that the senator was clearly upset by Flynn s disregard for the investigation.Burr initially said that Flynn wasn t going to comply with the subpoena, but walked that statement back in order to make it clear that there was still time for his lawyers to reach out to the committee if they chose to do so.Do the MSM think I'm dumb enough 2 accpt their interview rqusts only 2 see my words twisted/spun 2 fit their #fakenews agenda? #WastingTime  I LOVE AMERICA?? (@mflynnJR) May 17, 2017Flynn himself has declined to comment on the investigation altogether, although his son, Michael Flynn Jr. has been talking on Twitter.Refusing to comply with this subpoena will all but disqualify Flynn from the immunity he sought last month, when his lawyer went on Twitter to beg multiple investigations to consider offering it to his client.Immunity from prosecution typically follows a clearly defined legal path, where the guilty party first meets with prosecutors and tells them everything he knows in a sealed session, which gives them time to consider making a deal. This is called a  proffer session  and Flynn has shown no willingness to do it.Instead, it appears as though Flynn and his attorneys expect the senate committee to blindly trust that Flynn has something meaningful to say in exchange for immunity.Judging by Burr s response, the senators aren t biting, and they re starting to lose their patience. Photo by Mario Tama via Getty Images.",0
1414, Trump Cancels Trip To Israeli Historic Site After Authorities Say He Can’t Land His Helicopter On It,"In yet another example of Trump s inability to maintain even a slight bit of tact while representing America s interests overseas, the White House reportedly canceled plans to visit a historic landmark during his visit to Israel   one of the nation s biggest tourist attractions. The reason: Trump wanted to land his helicopter directly on the ancient mountain fortress and was told no.President Donald Trump has canceled a planned visit and speech at the ancient mountain fortress of Masada in Israel after authorities told him that he could not land his helicopter on top of the UNESCO-listed site.Instead, Trump will now deliver a speech at the Israel Museum in Jerusalem. It comes after an Israeli Air Force (IAF) regulation that prevents helicopters landing at the summit of the Masada site, according to Israel s Channel 2 broadcaster.Unlike former presidents who have made the trip, such as George W. Bush and Bill Clinton, Trump declined to land the helicopter at a base of the historic site and then take the cable car up, preferring to cancel the visit altogether.The reasons not allowing helicopters near the 2,000-year-old ruins should be obvious: For starters, the dust and sand that characterize the mountaintop are extremely rough on helicopter motors. Secondly, the wind and sand kicked up by the powerful blades can destroy the ancient structures, costing archaeologists priceless artifacts. Avoiding those issues by simply getting in a cable car was apparently too much energy.It may be another sign that Trump is hoping to breeze past this trip while doing minimal work. Sources close to Trump say he is extremely upset about having to travel abroad for a multi-day trip to the Middle East and already begged his staff to cut the number of days he d be gone. Keen observers of Trump s habits might note that Trump will be missing at least two weekends during the trip, days he typically reserves for golfing at his various private courses.Trump s demands on his overseas guests have raised eyebrows before. Earlier this year, Trump created a stir in England when reports leaked that he had requested Queen Elizabeth pick him up in a golden chariot:The White House has made clear it regards the carriage procession down the Mall as an essential element of the itinerary for the visit currently planned for the second week of October, according to officials.The request frustrated royal planners who described the situation as a logistical and financial nightmare.It s unclear how Israelis will react to Trump s show of laziness during his trip. Already the country s mood toward Trump is souring after the president is said to have leaked classified information provided by Israeli intelligence services to the Russians. He hasn t even left the White House and already his trip is shaping up to be trouble.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1415, Kushner Begs Trump To Attack Special Counsel,"This morning President Trump called for a meeting of his inner circle in order to figure out how to respond to yesterday s news that a special prosecutor has been appointed by the FBI.Reportedly, he called together Steve Bannon, Hope Hicks, Kellyanne Conway, Reince Priebus, and his son-in-law Jared Kushner. At the meeting, Mr. Kushner begged the president to go on the attack, pleading with him to  fight back  against special prosecutor and former FBI Director Robert Mueller. Immediately after the meeting, Trump took to Twitter to start trying to discredit Mueller, whining about how unfair it was that his corrupt presidency is being investigated.This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 18, 2017He referred to unnamed  illegal acts  in the Obama administration without clarifying what he might have meant. With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign & Obama Administration, there was never a special counsel appointed!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 18, 2017Trump s strategy, as it always is, seems to be to attack everyone else for his incompetence. Unfortunately Mr. Mueller is widely respected by both parties, so Trump may find it hard to make his smears stick.This is unspinnably bad for Trump.Mueller is serious, and a good man. This also signals that the FBI isn't playing games.  Rick Wilson (@TheRickWilson) May 17, 2017GOP operative Rick Wilson immediately recognized how much trouble Trump is in. He was joined by the Republican rank and file, who are losing patience in a hurry.@realDonaldTrump as an American who for some reason voted for you. I now know I let my county down  1 817-903-4520 (@Elite_BatmanxX) May 18, 2017@realDonaldTrump I am starting to regret that I had voted for you. Meeting was close doors with Russia press only. You becoming a shame to everyone (sad)  Hank Salmons (@HankJr660) May 16, 2017President Trump seems to agree with his son-in-law that the best way out of this mess it to go on the offensive. Reportedly, word has gone out to all Trump surrogates to start discrediting the messenger since they can t attack the message. Whether or not this strategy will work remains to be seen, but administration officials have already gotten their marching orders. Sources say that Sean Spicer, who has been absent from his podium since yesterday, is being briefed extensively about the president s plan for replying to these allegations. This is reportedly his last chance with the administration, and  if he doesn t play ball, he s out. Photo by Win McNamee via Getty Images.",0
1416, Jason Chaffetz Prepares To Run For The Hills As The Russia Probe Heats Up (DETAILS),"Earlier this year, Jason Chaffetz, the House Oversight Chairman who carried around a two year obsession when it came to investigating Hillary Clinton, suddenly shocked Washington when he announced that he will not run for another term in Congress in 2018. Now that the probe into Trump s ties to Russia is getting too hot for a lot of Republicans to handle, it is being reported that Chaffetz won t even finish his term. In fact, according to Politico, he could be gone by June 30.Now, this development comes just one day after former FBI Director Robert Mueller has been named as a special counsel into the Russia probe. This is most curious, seeing how just last year, Chaffetz showed the world just how much he likes investigating people. In fact, he once said he had years of investigations lined up for Hillary, had she won the presidency. However, now that it s his guy in the Oval Office, Chaffetz suddenly has no interest in sticking around to see this thing through to the end.Could it be that Chaffetz knows that Trump s days are numbered, and he doesn t want to be around with the rest of the Republicans who are ending their careers by keeping their wagons firmly hitched to the disaster that is Donald Trump? Or, could it be that Chaffetz himself knows more than he is letting on? After all, it just leaked that House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy and House Speaker Paul Ryan knew that Trump was being paid by the Russians and tried to cover it up.This scandal could be coursing through the entire Republican Party, and by the time we get to the bottom of it all, they might all find themselves on the wrong side of the law and going down in flames.Good going, GOP. You see what you ve done to your party and to the nation by backing the treasonous Trump? If the rest of you had any sense, you d be resigning before the shit hits the fan just like Jason Chaffetz.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1417, White House Staff Hiding From Reporters,"Word has gone out through the White House that anyone caught speaking with reporters is as good as gone, according to reports that have come out today. Staffers are making themselves scarce, not answering their phones, and keeping their heads down. According to senior aides, some staffers are literally hiding in their offices and refusing to come out while the White House press corp is around. This comes in the wake of startling revelations that President Trump leaked Israeli intelligence to the Russians during a closed-door meeting last week.  Do not ask me about how this looks, we all know how this looks,  a senior White House aide told The Daily Beast earlier this week.Asked a longtime House GOP staffer where things are headed. ""This is like Reservoir Dogs. Everyone ends up dead on the floor.""  Molly Ball (@mollyesque) May 17, 2017Those sentiments, implying that Trump is obviously guilty of collusion and mishandling classified information, have driven morale even lower. It s especially ironic, given how vocal President Trump was during the campaign, hammering Secretary Clinton over and over again for her allegedly poor handling of classified emails. Now that the tables have turned, White House staffers are losing faith in the administration.Part of the problem with morale stems from Trump s leadership, or lack thereof. He s notorious for shifting blame and firing whoever sticks their heads up at the wrong time. In part, because Trump doesn t seem to be able to take responsibility for his own actions.None of that will surprise anyone paying attention to his disastrous administration, and it s not news to White House staffers either. They re waiting for the fallout, to see who will be blamed for Trump s latest mess and whose head will roll in response to the latest news. Until it becomes apparent which way the wind is blowing, smart staffers are in hiding.That speaks to huge problems within the administration. The lack of trust, and fear of raising the ire of President Trump sounds more like an abusive household than a presidential administration.Photo by Win McNamee via Getty Images",0
1418, Controversial Former Fox CEO Roger Ailes Dead At 77,"It has been reported that embattled former Fox News CEO Roger Ailes passed away this morning at his home in Palm Beach, Florida. The news was confirmed in a statement given to Drudge Report by his wife, Elizabeth Ailes. Elizabeth Ailes  statement on her husband s passing.Roger Ailes was born on May 15th, 1940 in Warren, Ohio. He attended Ohio University and graduated with a bachelor s  degree in radio and television. His long career in television began in 1962 as a production assistant for The Mike Douglas Show, a local talk show. In 1967, Richard Nixon appeared on the program, and Ailes argued with him about the political importance of television. That lead Nixon to hire Ailes to produce television for his campaign. After getting his foot in the door with Nixon, Ailes worked on two other presidential campaigns and helped Rudy Giuliani get elected mayor of New York City. He went on to become the president of CNBC in 1993, before being hired as CEO of Fox News in 1996. Ailes unique style of management and fearless approach to controversy have completely changed conservative broadcasting.Ailes was forced out of Fox News after allegations of sexual harassment came to light by some of the network s most popular and high-profile talent.A 2016 lawsuit by Gretchen Carlson alleges that Ailes retaliated against her for speaking out about his sexist treatment, denying her promotions and stalling her advancement.Megyn Kelly backed up Carlson s version of events, and went public with details of her own sexual harassment by Ailes when she was a young reporter.Lorie Luhn, who booked guests for the network, told of over 20 years of abuse. According her statements to New York Magazine, one time Ailes put her in charge of finding young talent for the network and told her,  You re going to find me  Roger s Angels.  You re going to find me whores. Andrea Tantaros was demoted and taken off of the air for refusing to hug Ailes.RNC field consultant Kelly Boyle was told by Ailes,  You know if you want to play with the big boys, you have to lay with the big boys.  Rudi Bakhtiar was fired by Fox after refusing to wear mini-skirts that Ailes sent her after a job interview in which he made her stand and show off her legs.Shelley Ross published an article in The Daily Beast where she detailed harassment and abuse she endured from Ailes, including suggestions that they form a  sexual alliance  in order for Ross to prove her loyalty.On the set of The Mike Douglas Show, model Marsha Callahan says she was told by Ailes that he could help her advance her career if she put on a garter belt and stockings, then lifted her skirt to show Ailes.Photo by Stephen Lovekin via Getty Images.",0
1419, Trump Administration Surrenders; Staffers Are Already Passing Around Their Resumes (Details),"The last two weeks of Donald Trump s presidency have been riddled with bombshell after bombshell over his Russia scandal, and it s definitely taking a toll on his administration. Apparently, things in the White House have gotten so grim that staffers are looking forward to the end and have already started to send out their resumes.The Washington Post reported that ever since Trump fired FBI Director James Comey, the mood in the White House has been worse than ever. The staffers have felt  paralyzed  and senior officials have been moping around with funeral looks on their faces.  While Trump s staffers feel absolutely helpless as their boss continues to become more erratic and create more PR nightmares, the POTUS has only become more furious and frustrated at his staff for not being able to keep up.The Post wrote:Some White House staffers have turned to impeachment gallows humor. Other mid-level aides have started reaching out to consultants, shopping their resumes. And at least one senior staffer has begun privately talking to friends about what a post-White House job would look like, according to two people close the staffer.Another report by TIME magazine said something similar, stating that West Wing aides have started shopping r sum s to think tanks, super PACs and corporate communications firms. And when you think of what these staffers have had to deal with, it s no wonder. According to one mid-level aide, staffers are exhausted and have no hope that conditions under Trump s chaotic leadership will improve: Just when you think the pace is unsustainable, it accelerates. The moment it gets quiet is when the next crisis happens. This news also comes on the heels of rumors that Trump is considering a major staff turnover in the near future   which may include senior aides like chief of staff Reince Priebus, press secretary Sean Spicer and communications director Mike Dubke. Clearly, the chaos is far from over.Featured image via Pool / Getty Images",0
1420, 117 Days On The Job And Trump Just Had A Major Meltdown In Front Of The World,"With new revelations of Trump aides making undisclosed contacts with Russia screaming across headlines today amid the mountain of scandals facing the alleged president, the 70-year-old Twitter addicted man-baby took to his social media account Thursday morning. To Donald Trump, he s the real victim as he assaults the English language with yet another typo. With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign & Obama Administration, there was never a special councel appointed!  Trump tweeted.With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign & Obama Administration, there was never a special councel appointed!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 18, 2017Trump was responding to the appointment of a special counsel (not councel) to investigate the alleged ties between his campaign and Russia. This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 18, 2017However, after the announcement of former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel, Trump stated that a federal investigation into his campaign s ties to Russia would find that  there was no collusion. As I have stated many times, a thorough investigation will confirm what we already know   there was no collusion between my campaign and any foreign entity,  he stated.  I look forward to this matter concluding quickly. In the meantime, I will never stop fighting for the people and the issues that matter most to the future of our country. Trump is obviously very worried this morning as the walls close in around him.Former national security adviser Michael Flynn, as well as other advisers to Trump s campaign, were in contact with Russian officials and others with Kremlin ties in at least 18 calls and emails during the last seven months of the 2016 presidential race, current and former U.S. officials familiar with the exchanges told Reuters.All eighteen contacts with Russian officials were undisclosed. And, wow, the report states they were in contact via email, too. We re pretty sure that Hillary Clinton knows what being a target of a witch hunt over emails feels like. Trump made sure of that during the campaign as his supporters chanted,  Lock her up! The contacts with Russia will now be part of the record which is being reviewed by FBI and congressional investigators probing Russia s meddling in 2016 election and contacts between Trump s campaign and Russia.Flynn and Sergei Kislyak s conversations accelerated after election day. The two reportedly discussed establishing a back channel for communication between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin that could bypass the U.S. national security bureaucracy.Previously, the White House denied any contact with Russian officials, but that was in January. I mean, who wouldn t forget about EIGHTEEN conversations with Russian officials to discuss creating a back channel to secretly communicate? And there s more. It s also been revealed that the amateur president knew Flynn was under investigation before his inauguration but appointed him anyway.In fairness to Trump, he does know something about witch hunts.An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama's birth certificate is a fraud.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 6, 2012Meanwhile, everyone at the White House is MIA. Even Kellyanne Conway canceled an interview at the last minute with Fox  News.  Trump has no one left to defend him except for his Twitter account, and if I was his lawyer, I d be sitting on his hands, screaming,  Stop tweeting, you moron! Photo by David Becker via Getty Images.",0
1421, Children Will Suffer: Trumpcare Would Cut $46B In Healthcare Funds For Kids,"Children, the most vulnerable of Americans, will feel the brunt of the new Obamacare replacement bill by the House GOP. The Hill reports that the new bill would result in $43 Billion being cut in Medicaid coverage for children over the next 10 years, according to a recent study.The study conducted by Avalere, a healthcare consulting firm, found that coverage for non-disabled children would be cut due to a per capita cap. This new cap is the GOP s way to implement new cuts to an already strained Medicaid fund that provides health care to millions of American children who don t have access to anything else. Over time, per capita caps could significantly reduce the amount of funding that goes towards Medicaid coverage for children,  Dan Mendelson, president of Avalere, said in a statement.  While local control and more efficient operation of Medicaid programs are laudable goals, coverage and access for low income children are ultimately dictated by federal funding, and reductions of this magnitude could disrupt access. The GOP argues that these cuts are necessary to control what they see as too much spending on Medicaid.The Congressional Budget Office discovered that overall, $839 billion will be cut from Medicaid over 10 years. These enormous cuts will be achieved through the new Medicaid per capita cap and ending extra funds to ObamaCare s Medicaid expansion.Parents across the country are afraid of what will happen when their child s health coverage is cut. The fear is being felt across the board.With cuts this astronomically huge,  there s absolutely no way kids can stay out of harm s way,  says Joan Alker, executive director of the Georgetown University Center on Children and Families.Let s hope the House bill doesn t get any further, for the sake of our country and our children.Featured image via Getty/Chip Somodevilla",0
1422, Trump’s Ghostwriter Issues DIRE Warning About His Dangerous Current Mental State (VIDEO),"Tony Schwartz is a man who knows Donald Trump well. He spent nearly two years glued to Trump s side as they wrote Trump s famous book, The Art of the Deal. During this time, Schwartz learned some very disturbing things about Trump s broken personality, and for this reason, felt deep remorse for helping to make Trump as famous as he is.During the 2016 presidential campaign, Schwartz tirelessly warned America that this man was dangerous, that he had no conscience, that he had no soul, that he would be gravely dangerous as president. Now that a Trump presidency has come to pass, and the Trump White House is mired in deep scandal, Schwartz is speaking out again, to warn the nation and world about Trump s dangerous mental state.Schwartz has written a piece in the Washington Post explaining Trump s recent behavior, who the man is, his current state of mind, and the impulsive and dangerous actions that are sure to come.On Wednesday evening, Schwartz appeared on CNN s Anderson Cooper 360. He told host Anderson Cooper of Trump s likely mental state regarding the series of blows and events relating to the incompetence of his administration, and especially the Trump/Russia collusion investigation: I think he s reacting from a survival place. He s in pure defensive mode. I think that he s being run by the part of his brain that s reactive and impulsive, not capable of reflection. The sense of siege that he feels because his sense of self-worth is so, so vulnerable that the series of things that have happened are overwhelming to him. In other words, right now, Trump is like a caged animal who is feeling attacked, and he is not thinking clearly at all. It s pure impulse and reaction. Trump is dangerously impulsive on a good day. There s no telling what he is capable of when he is feeling this attacked and aggrieved.These are dangerous times, America. The man who is supposedly leading us is desperate and unhinged. Hopefully, someone in a position to do something about him steps up, for the good of the nation and the world.Watch Tony Schwartz s remarks below:Co-author of  The Art of Deal  on Trump:  I think he s in a pretty significant meltdown  https://t.co/YZ32bCBsdM https://t.co/rpTGglpp5H  Anderson Cooper 360  (@AC360) May 18, 2017Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1423, Two Major Breaking Allegations Against Michael Flynn And What Trump Knew,"In a day filled with breaking news stories, this one is going almost unnoticed. A new report makes the bombshell (what s not a bombshell today?) allegation that Michael Flynn, who as at the time Donald Trump s National Security Advisor, convinced Trump to change a tactic in the War on Terror because Flynn was on Turkey s payroll.It all started even before Trump took office.The decision came 10 days before Donald Trump had been sworn in as president, in a conversation with President Barack Obama s national security adviser, Susan Rice, who had explained the Pentagon s plan to retake the Islamic State s de facto capital of Raqqa with Syrian Kurdish forces whom the Pentagon considered the U.S. s most effective military partners. Obama s national security team had decided to ask for Trump s sign-off, since the plan would all but certainly be executed after Trump had become president.Flynn didn t hesitate. According to timelines distributed by members of Congress in the weeks since, Flynn told Rice to hold off, a move that would delay the military operation for months.If Flynn explained his answer, that s not recorded, and it s not known whether he consulted anyone else on the transition team before rendering his verdict. But his position was consistent with the wishes of Turkey, which had long opposed the United States partnering with the Kurdish forces   and which was his undeclared client.Flynn happened to have been paid more than $500,000 to represent Turkey. After Trump fired Flynn, he did finally go forward with the Raqqa plan.This story comes as a near-footnote to a breaking story from the New York Times that says that the Trump administration knew that Flynn was under investigation with the FBI before Trump even took office. Trump still hired Flynn and only fired him after it became public knowledge that Flynn was vulnerable to blackmail from Russia.It s no wonder that Trump has been pushing so hard to have the investigation into Flynn stopped, and it s no wonder he tried to blame President Obama s vetting of Flynn (Obama fired Flynn). To paraphrase the famous Watergate saying, we are only beginning to find out what Trump knew and now, when he knew it, and at best it s sloppy. At worst, we could be dealing with impeachment or treason. The defense of the United States should never be determined by the highest bidder.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images.",0
1424, Right-Wing Media Won’t Let Slain DNC Staffer RIP,"The story of a slain DNC staffer complicates as an ex-detective claims there is new evidence behind his murder. On Monday, a private investigator suggested that Seth Rich was communicating with WikiLeaks before he was murdered. And right-wing news outlets are taking his every word as true.Seth Rich served as a DNC staffer for two years until his untimely death at the age of 27. Washington, DC police maintain that his murder resulted from a botched burglary that July night last year in Northwest DC. But according to the leading Right-wing outlets, like Fox & Friends, the Drudge Report, and Breinbart, an ex DC Officer presents damning new evidence of Rich s ties to WikiLeaks. What kind of evidence? The invisible kind, of course.Rob Wheeler, the former detective and Fox News contributor, told Fox 5 DC, on Monday, that his private investigation into the murder has led him to believe there is a cover-up. The key to his theory is Rich s missing laptop. [The police and FBI] haven t been forthcoming,  Wheeler told the station. He claimed that a source within the department told him they were given orders to suspend the investigation. The DC Police, when asked for a response, called his claims false. His parallel investigation, which was offered to the Rich s family free of charge, led him to suggest there is some tangible evidence of wrongdoing. I believe that the answer to solving his death lies on that computer, which I believe is either at the police department or either at the FBI,  concluded Wheeler.He went on to entertain a possible cover-up going as far as the Mayor s office. But no independent source has yet to corroborate his claims. Wheeler s comments come months after various internet threads and right-leaning media outlets have mentioned Seth Rich as a functional actor in conspiracies involving the Podesta emails and WikiLeaks documents that had an impact on the 2016 presidential election. According to Yahoo News, suspicions grew when infamous hacker Grucifer 2.0 named Rich as the whistle blower and WikiLeaks founder, Julian Assange, offered a $20,000 award for finding the perpetrator of the heinous crime. But there is still no confirmed evidence that Seth Rich was the leak. Not one email, witness, or clue.In fact, Rich s family has denounced the claim that he was a whistleblower, and they have distanced themselves from the special investigator. Representative for the family, Brad Bauman, told Business Insider, that there is a special place in hell for media outlets that  try and manipulate the legacy of a murder victim in order to forward their own political agenda. He added that even if emails did show up, they would not be a high enough  bar of evidence  because the family believes those  pushing conspiracy theories will stop at nothing.  His final statement sternly distanced the family from the private investigator. The services of the private investigator who spoke to the press was offered to the Rich family and paid for by a third party, and contractually was barred from speaking to the press or anyone outside of law enforcement or the family unless explicitly authorized by the family. Featured image via Getty/Drew Angerer",0
1425, Trump’s Response To Special Counsel Shows Just How Bad Things Really Are,"The Department of Justice announced on Wednesday that former FBI Director Robert Mueller has been named as special counsel for the investigation into Donald Trump s likely collusion with Russia. After a week that has rocked Washington to the core and left the White House in utter chaos, the statement released by Trump in response to the news that special counsel had been appointed shows just how bad things really are within the Oval Office.The statement consisted of a mere three sentences: As I have stated many times, a thorough investigation will confirm what we already know   there was no collusion between my campaign an any foreign entity. I look forward to this matter concluding quickly. In the meantime, I will never stop fighting for the people and the issues that matter most to the future of our country. The first thing that stands out about this statement is that it is distinctly un-Trumplike. And this uncharacteristically coherent statement also shows the White House is understanding the gravity of the current situation. Despite the words themselves, these three short sentences show that Trump clearly knows he is in deep sh*t.After he fired FBI Director James Comey, news broke that Trump had tried to pressure him to drop the Russia investigation and Trump s Twitter feed went silent. Something very unusual for the tweeter-in-chief. Until he released this short statement, the only remarks he had made were at a commencement speech for the U.S. Coast Guard, where he whined that he had been treated more unfairly than any other president in history. (Insert eye roll here.)At this point, pundits are speculating that Trump may have hired an outside attorney who is telling him to shut the hell up. No one really knows whether he has sought counsel or not, although he clearly should if he hasn t because he s definitely going to need it. But his statement and his silence make one thing very clear, Trump knows he s in trouble. He may want it all to just go away, but the appointment of special counsel guarantees that this  matter  will NOT be  concluding quickly.  And even Trump is smart enough to know it this time.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1426," Trump Just Got Caught On Hot Mic, Makes Another Disgusting Joke That Will Ruin His Presidency (VIDEO)","After Donald Trump s first disastrous hot mic moment was revealed through an Access Hollywood audio tape, it was hard to believe that his presidency could be further soiled by another audio scandal   but all of that changed today.On Wednesday afternoon, Trump gave a commencement address to graduates at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy, where he chose to complain about how unfairly he was treated compared to other presidents (some of which he seemed to forget were assassinated). It looked as if it couldn t possibly get any worse than Trump throwing a temper tantrum about the media instead of inspiring the graduating students   but that wasn t the only insanity that occurred.Apparently, Department of Homeland Security secretary John Kelly had no idea he was being recorded, because he got caught on a hot mic making a disgusting joke to Trump, and of course, Trump was laughing right along in agreement with him.During the ceremony, Trump was presented with a saber   another instrument that should never be placed in the hands of a man baby. Fortunately, no one was hurt. When Trump went back to his seat next to General Kerry, the DHS secretary leaned in and joked that Trump should use the ceremonial sword on reporters. In the recording below, you can see Kerry lean toward Trump and say,  You can use that on the press sir.  Trump giggled with glee and said,  Yeah, that s right.  It was an unbelievable moment that proved that there are children in the White House now:Gen. Kelly tells Pres. Trump  you can use that on the press  after he s presented with ceremonial saber at Coast Guard Academy commencement. pic.twitter.com/xj73oHxUdZ  ABC News (@ABC) May 17, 2017Trump and his team have made no secret that they all hate the mainstream media for its negative coverage, but this joke was absolutely disgusting. Apparently, Trump and his team have learned nothing from Trump s first hot mic incident, in which he praised himself for sexually assaulting women.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1427, House Majority Leader REVELATION: ‘I Think Putin Pays Trump’,"House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy   one of Trump s strongest allies in Congress   divulged a hugely explosive statement during a closed-door conversation on Capitol Hill with GOP leader buddies: He thinks Trump receives payments from Vladimir Putin.The Washington Post reported Wednesday that McCarthy (R-Calif.) said,  There s two people I think Putin pays: Rohrabacher and Trump.  This statement was made in a June 15, 2016, recording that was verified by The Washington Post. Dana Rohrabacher, a California Republican, is well known in Congress for her outspoken defense of Russia and Putin.Immediately after the statement was made, Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) abruptly interjected and stopped the conversation, having the Republicans who were present in the conversation swear to keep it secret.Prior to the conversation, Ryan and McCarthy had just finished talks with Ukrainian Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman, who had been discussing Kremlin tactics to finance populist politicians with the goal of undercutting democratic institutions in Eastern Europe.Laughter from some of the lawmakers in response to McCarthy s comment can be heard on the recording, with McCarthy quickly adding:  Swear to God. These Remarks were kept secret for almost a year.The GOP has found itself under growing pressure over Trump s conduct, and this conversation gives us a small glimpse into the views of GOP leaders who have been keeping their mouths shut to the public. It s hard to tell how literal these remarks were meant to be taken, but the recording shows that GOP leaders want to keep their conversations about Russia s election involvement VERY secret.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1428," It’s Happening: Justice Department Appoints Special Counsel For Russia Investigation, Trump FURIOUS","After the nation joined together and demanded a special prosecutor for the Trump/Russia investigation, it happened.Former FBI director Robert Mueller was the second-longest running in history, serving between 2001 and 2013   two years longer than the typical 10-year tenure for his position. My decision is not a finding that crimes have been committed or that prosecution is warranted,  Deputy Atty. Gen. Rod Rosenstein, on whom Trump attempted to blame FBI Director James Comey s firing, said of his decision to appoint special counsel.  I have made no such determination. Rosenstein says that  based on the unique circumstances, the public interest requires me to place this investigation under the authority of a person who exercises a degree of independence from the normal chain of command. During his time as FBI director, Mueller taught his agents that  main stream [sic]  Muslims are  radical  and that the more  devout  a Muslim is the more likely he his to be  violent    a view shared by the majority of Republicans.Ultimately, Mueller reports to Rosenstein, who reports to Jeff Sessions, who reports to Donald Trump, but this is the absolute best-case scenario we can hope for in the swampful of corruption that is the Trump administration.It remains to be seen if Mueller, whose conduct as director was called  appalling  and  disgraceful, will be working for the American people or if this is just part of the show.Featured image via screengrab",0
1429, Vicente Fox Brilliantly Trolls Trump’s Disastrous Week; It’s Glorious,"Former Mexican President Vicente Fox has never been a fan of Donald Trump. During the 2016 presidential campaign, he routinely went after Trump s disparaging remarks about Mexican immigrants, and infamously said that Mexico would not  pay for that f**king wall. Now, President Fox is using Trump s own favorite platform   Twitter   to troll him over the absolute incompetence coming out of the White House and indeed from Trump himself.  Fox, like anyone who has paid attention to Donald Trump during the campaign and since his ascent to the White House, knows that this presidential run wasn t about running the nation. It was about Donald Trump s insatiable ego, his insecurity, and his constant quest for more money and power that has been a lifelong pattern. Running for president was the only thing left. President Fox tweeted:.@realDonaldTrump, don't go all weepy on me! You've got what you wanted: you're the center of attention, but not the kind you wanted, right?  Vicente Fox Quesada (@VicenteFoxQue) May 17, 2017Indeed, it seems that Trump thought that if he got to be president, he wouldn t have to, well, govern. He likely thought he d be busy putting gold toilets in the White House, taunting Democrats, and telling big crowds of supporters how great he is.Largely, that IS what Trump is doing; after all, he held a victory tour of rallies, and held a dueling event the night of the White House Correspondents  Dinner so that he could mock the so-called  Washington elite.  And, of course, we all see his Twitter feed, which is full of mockery and ridicule.However, during all of this, we see a White House riddled with scandal after scandal of Trump s own making. The Russia investigation is heating up, and no matter how many times Trump and his supporters say it is  fake news,  it isn t going away. Even members of Trump s own Republican Party are floating the idea of impeachment. President Fox is right   Trump is getting attention, but definitely not the kind he wanted.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1430, Trump Whines About Unfair Media During Coast Guard Commencement Address (VIDEO),"Amateur president Donald Trump used his commencement speech at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy on Wednesday to make the day all about him. Trump did not address the scandals which have inundated the White House directly, but indirectly he did by saying that he s receiving unfair treatment by the media. Even though Trump s scandals have been compared to Watergate, he said,  Look at the way I ve been treated lately. Especially by the media. Trump whined that no politician in history, and I say this with great surety, has been treated worse or more unfairly. Apparently, the former reality show star has forgotten how he treated Barack Obama, dogging our first black president for years with baseless allegations saying that he s a scary Muslim from Kenya.Trump gave the cadets some advice, saying that they will need to  fight, fight, fight. Over the course of your life, you will find that things are not always fair. You will find that things happen to you that you do not deserve and that are not always warranted,  he said, seemingly referring to bombshell reports, which he even admitted to on Twitter, saying he disclosed highly classified information to top Russian officials. Or he could be referring to the other bombshell reports, stating that he asked former FBI Director James Comey to shut down an investigation into his first national security adviser, Michael Flynn.Trump went on to brag that he s  accomplished a tremendous amount in a very short time. Then he boasted of his upcoming first international trip which is to begin on Friday. As you leave this academy to embark on your exciting new voyage,  Trump said,  I am heading on a very crucial journey, as well. In a few days, I will make my first trip abroad as President. Things will work out just fine,  Trump concluded.  Great honor. Good luck. Enjoy your life. Watch:Poor Trump, the media has treated him so unfairly by quoting him verbatim. When Flynn was forced to resign, he called the disgraced retired General a  wonderful  man then went on to blame the  fake media. Tell me if this sounds familiar. Michael Flynn, Gen. Flynn, is a wonderful man. I think he has been treated very, very unfairly by the media, as I call it, the fake media in many cases,  Trump said at the time.  And I think it s really a sad thing that he was treated so badly. And today, President Bone Spurs addressed graduates who may be headed to active duty to cry about the fake news  media.Photo by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images.",0
1431, Officials: Trump Will Only Read Security Briefings If We Treat Him Like A Toddler,"With the advent of print on demand and e-readers, parents of toddlers have a fantastic tool to help keep their little ones engaged in reading. They have customizable books, featuring their child as the protagonist. There must be some parents of toddlers in the Trump administration. They have discovered that the only way to get their boss to read a security briefing is to treat him just like a toddler   by putting his name in the briefing.According to staffers, Trump s attention span, which apparently only extends to about 140 characters, is so short that one personal mention in a brief isn t enough. They need to squeeze his name in as many placers as possible. That s not the only thing they need to do to keep the Commander-in-Chief paying attention. They need to keep them under one page, if possible, and with lots of pictures, charts and graphs. He likes maps too. He likes to visualize things,  said a senior administration official.  The guy s a builder. He has spent his whole life looking at architectural renderings and floor plans. The details emerged as people close to the President worried that he may not be able to stick to the script and avoid more problems as he heads out on his first foreign trip. Officials are worried that Mr Trump s lack of focus and attention to detail could cause problems as he visits Arab leaders in Saudi Arabia, Israeli and Palestinian leaders in Israel and the West Bank, the pope at the Vatican, NATO leaders in Brussels and G7 counterparts in Sicily.Source: IndependentA Republican official expressed concern that Trump was going to be out of his element during his visit to the Middle East (he s just now figuring this out?). This, after Trump insisted that solving the 4,000 year-old conflict is easy. I want to see peace with Israel and the Palestinians. There is no reason there s not peace between Israel and the Palestinians   none whatsoever. Unfortunately, this is Trump in a nutshell. It was easy for him to become rich (he inherited it). It was easy for him to file multiple bankruptcies and pass the losses onto the taxpayers. If something is not handed to him on a gold platter (silver is much too pedestrian), it s not worth the time. Trump is either the laziest or the dumbest man ever to hold the office of the presidency. Hell, why choose? It s clear that he s both.Featured image via Michael Reynolds-Pool/Getty Images",0
1432, The Hilarious Way WH Staff Secretly Signaled They Have No Idea Why Ivanka Is Allowed In Meetings,"When news broke that Ivanka Trump would be getting her very own office in the West Wing many assumed she would receive some sort of job to go along with it. Instead, she has been just sort of hanging out, floating to different meetings sporadically. If she wants to, say, meet the Japanese Prime Minister whose government is critical to greenlighting Trump business interests, she ll show up. If she wants to drop in on a closed-door meeting with business leaders to discuss policy, she ll do that too. Sometimes she is even sent to be Trump s spokesperson, a position she was never formally hired for.So what is Ivanka Trump s role in the White House? Nobody knows, not even Trump s own aides. Her only real qualification is shameless nepotism. However, rather than put  boss s daughter  on her placard, White House staffers panicked and just awkwardly ignored the situation altogether. Here s what they did instead:the White House staffer in charge of printing out these things doesn't know what Ivanka does either pic.twitter.com/o5SNhnrwjy  ( _ ) (@dorseyshaw) May 17, 2017The other officials meeting around the table all had their titles printed underneath their names. Ivanka s was left noticeably blank. The empty space serves only to reinforce just how bizarre her position in the White House is. She s given completely unchecked access to Trump s administration, but her actual job is still selling clothing and cheap jewelry in retail stores. When many concerned Americans began boycotting her merchandise, Republicans were infuriated. Kellyanne Conway made sure to go on cable news to insist Americans should consider it their patriotic duty to buy her stuff if they truly supported the president.It s with those conflicts of interest in mind that Twitter user @Darth dreamed up his own title to put under Ivanka s name:@dorseyshaw pic.twitter.com/c9wyZjkftJ  darth:  (@darth) May 17, 2017He s not far off. The grifting from the Trump family after Donald Trump won the presidency has been incredibly swift. A little over 100 days in and Ivanka is leveraging her position to close international deals on her clothing brand, Trump-owned Mar-a-Lago has jacked up their prices and seen profits soar, and Donald Trump Jr has secured a multi-billion dollar investment from Dubai-based backers to further the Trump business.All the while, Ivanka   billed by some incredibly oblivious onlookers as a  progressive  check on her father   wanders the White House aimlessly, attending meetings she doesn t belong in and adding input on subjects she has no expertise in.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1433," Putin Claims To Have Transcript Of White House Meeting, Available Only At Trump’s Request","Speaking at a press conference with visiting Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni in Sochi, Russia, Vladimir Putin has claimed that he has a transcript of Donald Trump s meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. Furthermore, Putin said he would be willing to provide a copy to the U.S. Congress. The only catch is that the request would have to come from Trump himself.The Trump administration came under fire for holding a meeting with Lavrov and Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak in the Oval Office last week, a meeting that Russian media were able to attend, yet from which U.S. media were banned. The situation came to a head when it became clear that Trump had disclosed confidential details pertaining to ISIS during the session. Initially, the White House denied the scandal, only to later claim that it was  wholly appropriate  for the president to discuss such information with the Russians. At no time were intelligence sources or methods discussed and the President did not disclose any military operations that weren t already publicly known,  Trump s national security adviser H.R. McMaster said at a press conference on Monday.  The premise of that article is false that in any way the President had a conversation that was inappropriate or that resulted in any kind of lapse in national security. The Kremlin still denies that Trump shared any U.S. intelligence during the meeting, with Russian President Vladimir Putin downplaying reports as  political Schizophrenia,  however, Trump s comments still have not been made public. Now it seems Putin is willing to go a step further to help out. If the administration of the United States deems this possible, we will be ready to provide a transcript of the Lavrov-Trump meeting to the U.S. Senate and Congress,  Putin told reporters during the press conference in Sochi, adding  it will happen if the U.S. administration wishes so. Not everyone sees Putin s offer as particularly beneficial to Trump, who the FBI has now confirmed is under investigation over links to the Russians, especially U.S. Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee. Probably the last person the person [Trump] needs to vouch for him right now is Vladimir Putin,  Schiff told CBS s This Morning.  Sure, send it [the transcript] our way. But its credibility would be less than zero. Featured image via Lintao Zhang/Pool/Getty Images",0
1434, Reporter Says Darrell Issa Gave Her The Finger When Asked About Comey (TWEETS),"Politico Congressional reporter Rachael Bade started a Twitter war with Congressman Darrell Issa yesterday, accusing Issa of flipping her the bird when she questioned him on the topic of recently ousted former FBI director James Comey.In a tweet that has been retweeted more than 25,000 times since Tuesday, Bade claims in no uncertain terms that Congressman Issa  literally gave me the middle finger  when she asked for any recent news or comments on Comey s firing. Issa eventually replied to Bade s tweet to deny the claim, stating that Bade must have seen or heard something to believe this happened, but it didn t. I just asked @DarrellIssa abt the Comey news and he flicked me off   literally gave me the middle finger   and kept walking. Said nothing  Rachael Bade (@rachaelmbade) May 16, 2017@rachaelmbade I respect @rachaelmbade and worked with her for years. I know she must have seen or heard something to believe this happened, but it didn t  Darrell Issa (@DarrellIssa) May 16, 2017@rachaelmbade (cont.) On not answering @rachelmbade s question, I have nothing against her, there s just limited time to talk when we re rushing to vote!  Darrell Issa (@DarrellIssa) May 16, 2017Another Congressional correspondent, Erica Werner with the Associated Press, tweeted to say that she was present at the time that Issa was believed to have given Bade the obscene gesture, however, she was unable to see exactly what happened and only  saw Issa turn to Rachael, her react. I believe [Bade]. I was there. Not in position to see the gesture but saw Issa turn to Rachael, her react. I believe @rachaelmbade https://t.co/U248Af4u8t  Erica Werner (@ericawerner) May 17, 2017Earlier this month, Issa cast his vote in favor of the American Health Care Act, the plan designed by the Trump administration to repeal and replace the Obama administration s Affordable Health Care Act, a move met with great dissatisfaction. As a result, since Rachael Bade s most recent accusation against Issa, her Twitter post was flooded with replies criticizing Issa s stance on health care and calling for his resignation.@DarrellIssa @rachaelmbade Enjoy your last term in Congress, you gaslighting, AHCA-voting pile of shit.  Brandon Bird (@Brandon_Bird) May 16, 2017@LyingIssa @Brandon_Bird @DarrellIssa @rachaelmbade Hey Issa does it feel good stealing healthcare away from sick children? Does it compare to when you used to steal cars? Once a thief  Mahdi the Director (@ReelLiveFilms) May 17, 2017@FDTProgressive @bdgrabinski @rachaelmbade @DarrellIssa @MikeLevinCA @ApplegateCA49 Darrell Issa is giving the bird to reporters covering Congress     Basically what the GOP has been doing to the country for two months.  Lucius Junius Brutus (@oathofbrutus) May 16, 2017Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1435, Student At Virginia University Sings ‘Kill All N****rs’ Wearing Trump Mask (VIDEO),"Old Dominion University, in Norfolk, Virginia, is still investigating a racist video posted to YouTube that has been widely shared on social media.The video shows a women, wearing a Donald Trump mask, dancing with a gun to some brand of racist, alt-right inspired hip-hop. Hate-filled and covering all the racist talking points, the music playing in the background of the video gives a  shout-out  to Donald Trump, promotes lynching  N*****rs  and white power. At one point, the woman in the video even wears a t-shirt reading,  My President is White Again . White Power Gal is why we need laws that are tougher on hate speech in America. #ODU pic.twitter.com/PzcQ98ALfJ  NANA JIBRIL ?? ? (@girlswithtoys) February 21, 2017 While the video has since been taken down by YouTube, for not following the video-sharing site s guidelines, it s effect on the student body   and many others   had already been done. According to Raw Story, campus police got involved because the women in the video appears at one point to be wearing a sweatshirt branding the Old Dominion University logo. Many at the university responded. This is not something we tolerate. Hate is not something our campus condones, tolerates, or endorses.  SGA President Rachael Edmonds told the local news.The President of Old Dominion, John Broderick also issued a statement calling the video,  an outrageous act of hate and intolerance . President Broderick went on to say,  These types of incidents stand as a stark reminder that we must continue our resolve to educate on the importance of civility and inclusion. Isn t that the truth. As we are asked to believe that the United States is a post-racial society, incidents like this only increase under a President who doesn t denounce racists and fuels them with racist rhetoric. For those who think this is a bad apple and that the President s words have nothing to do with it, there an entire page of tweets showing racist episodes people of color faced the first day after Donald Trump was elected.Day 1 In Trump s AmericaTo say that the racist video adds to the list of disturbing and scary reality for poc is an understatement. The video was posted in February, but no person has yet been held accountable for it. Following tips from the OSU community, campus police ruled out numerous suspects. In March, School officials did confirmed that the video was not recorded in an On Campus Dormitory. The video is still under investigation. Anyone with information can contact ODU police at 757-683-4000.Featured image via screen capture",0
1436, EXPOSED: Trump Staffers Feed Him A Steady Diet Of Fake News (DETAILS),"Trump can t handle the truth, and apparently one of the benefits of being the president is that he never needs to.Politico reported earlier that Trump staffers have been instructed to tell him only what he wants to hear, and that includes a steady diet of fake news. Most recently, staffers handed Trump a photoshopped cover of Time magazine that purports to be about global cooling.The president fell for the fake news, hook, line, and sinker.The photoshopped Time cover that Trump staffers tricked the president with.Trump s inability to tell real news from fake is starting to impact his policy and concern top staffers.Reince Priebus, the former head of the RNC who is currently working as chief of staff in the White House, is reportedly concerned over the president.According to reports from within the White House, he is putting strict rules in place to try to stop Trump from being fooled by fake news. Politico revealed that Priebus is worried made-up stories from alt-right news sites are impacting Trump s already-shaky decision-making abilities.But it s unclear whether or not it s working since Trump seems to go out of his way to get the fake news he wants from Twitter and delivered by other staffers.The situation in the Oval Office is bad enough that Priebus has tried to put controls in place, but there s no way to stop the president. Trump s overarching narcissism and inflated ego means that he only wants to read and watch things that reinforce his point of view.One of the best examples of Trump s fake news addiction is the way that he parrots Fox s cringeworthy morning show, Fox and Friends. More than once, Trump has been busted tweeting his thoughts on a story that s just run on Fox and Friends.Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends. ""Spied on before nomination."" The real story.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 3, 2017According to Politico, staffers have gotten the message. Now they re spoon-feeding Trump exactly what he wants to hear. We deserve better from our president.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
1437," A Reporter Asked Paul Ryan If He Still Has Confidence In Trump, He Ran Away (VIDEO)","After House Speaker Paul Ryan stood in front of the American people and urged them not to rush to judgement on Trump s numerous Russia-related scandals    We need the facts,  said the guy from a party that spent years badgering our last President about his birth certificate, Benghazi, Benghazi, and Benghazi   a reporter asked him a question that should have been easy for him to answer. But it wasn t easy, was it, Mr. Ryan?CBS correspondent Nancy Cordes asked Speaker Ryan if he still has  full confidence in Donald Trump.  This is an easy question for the meth-addled morons who still hang on every word spoken by their favorite fascist, but Ryan (like many Republicans who want to be re-elected) seemed to have difficulty with the question. He simply looked down, a  get me the f*ck out of here  expression overtaking his rodent-like face.In recent days, we learned that Donald Trump handed state secrets directly to Russia in the Oval Office, and that James Comey s firing occurred after he refused to pledge his loyalty to Trump and requested additional resources for his investigation into The Donald s collusion with Russia. At this point, if anyone has anything approaching faith in Donald Trump, they are unfit to serve in any elected office.Ryan could have provided a one-word answer to that question if he truly believed in The Donald. Instead, brave Sir Ryan ran away.Watch it happen below:Featured image via screengrab",0
1438, WATCH: Republican Analyst Who Worked For Nixon Says Trump Is In Impeachment Territory,"If anybody knows when a president is qualified for impeachment, it s David Gergen.After all, he worked in the Nixon Administration.Donald Trump s Russia scandal has gotten even bigger over the last week. Just a day after firing FBI Director James Comey, Trump met with Russian officials in the Oval Office and leaked highly classified information and compromised the source of that intelligence and our own national security.And now, there s a memo written by Comey noting that Trump asked him to drop the Russia investigation.Interestingly enough, it s the memo that could end up bringing Trump down.You see, asking the head of a federal agency to drop an investigation and then firing that person later on for refusing to do so is the very definition of obstruction of justice and impeding an investigation.As it turns out, obstruction of justice is what led to impeachment proceedings against former President Richard Nixon during the Watergate scandal.Republican analyst David Gergen delivered that explanation during a segment on CNN on Tuesday.When Anderson Cooper asked Gergen to weigh in, the longtime Republican said that Trump has entered  impeachment territory. I was in the Nixon Administration as you know and I thought after watching the Clinton impeachment, I thought I would never see another one,  Gergen began.  But I think we re in impeachment territory for the first time. The obstruction of justice was the number one charge against Nixon that brought him down. Obstruction of justice was the number one charge against Bill Clinton,  Gergen continued. It looks like he was trying to impede the investigation. He was using his power to do that, and when James Comey didn t go along with him, when he wasn t his boy, he fired him This is of enormous consequence for his presidency. Gergen then concluded that all the bombshells dropped over the last week, including Comey s firing, sharing classified intelligence with the Russians, and the revelation that Trump asked Comey to drop the investigation are causing Trump s presidency to unravel. What we see is a presidency that s starting to come apart,  Gergen said.Here s the video via YouTube.It is now clear that Trump fired Comey because he refused to drop the investigation. That is obstruction of justice and should result in Trump being impeached. Of course, Republicans in Congress have no interest in impeaching Trump. That would require having the courage and a soul.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
1439, WATCH: New Documentary Explores Trump’s Russian Mob Links,"This past week the world has been hit with many newsworthy stories from the White House that all contain one common theme: Russia. From Trump sharing classified information with Russian government diplomats to the fallout of the FBI Director James Comey firing over the investigation of Russian election interference, all signs point to Trump having deeper Russian ties than he would like to admit.A Dutch documentary was released this month by Zembla production company called  The Dubious Friends of Donald Trump,  that explores the history and connections the president has in Russia and to explain the facts behind the swirling allegations.The filmmakers highlight Russian mafia oligarchs while investigating the President s business partners, as well as his history with the country that started with his first Russian visit back in the 1980s.The film contains interviews with some of Trump s shady friends, fraud investigators, a former CIA agent, attorneys, and U.S. Senators.The filmmakers interview former U.S. intelligence officer Malcolm Nance who speaks about the President s aversion to any critical assessments of Russia: If you re a gambling addict and you owe someone a lot of money, you will never insult your bookie,  Nance says.The focus of the documentary is on answering questions the world has about Trump s connection with Russia: Why does Trump deny his business connections with Russia and what do they say about him? How compromising could these connections be? Check out the film and make those judgments for yourself:Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1440, WATCH: Fox News’ Tucker Carlson SCREAMS About Dirty Bathrooms To Avoid Talking About Trump,"Fox News personalities and Trump surrogates seem to be desperate to do anything to take attention away from the fact that we ve got a treasonous bastard in the White House. Sean Hannity, Tucker Carlson, and others, are doing absolutely everything they can to pretend that Trump is this strong, powerful, amazing and upstanding guy   the best president we ve ever had. And to do so, they ll say pretty much anything.Tonight, Tucker Carlson jumped on New York City councilman Corey Johnson over his bill to try and force Trump to release his tax returns. Carlson believes that Johnson has better things to do than try to help America figure out if our president has severe conflicts of interest that prevent him from acting in the country s best interest. One of those things Carlson says Johnson ought to pay attention to is the dirty bathrooms in Penn Station: By the way, ignore the guy living under the ATM machine, or relieving himself next to- I m serious! I go there every week, and that s your- Penn Station is yours! And you re worrying about Trump s tax returns? Are you joking? Have you been in the men s room there? Then it just devolves into a shouting match with Carlson frantically trying to derail the conversation so he doesn t have to listen to more about Trump. Watch below:Tucker Carlson screaming about Penn Station bathrooms to avoid talking about Trump s Russia ties. I know this sounds fake. It s not. Enjoy. pic.twitter.com/Nlj1SPHen7  Carlos Maza (@gaywonk) May 17, 2017Penn Station is in Johnson s district, true. And it s very sad, but train station toilets in major cities the world over are gross. I live in Chicago   they re pretty gross here, too. However, that s a massive deflection there because the fact of the matter is that it s long past time for Trump to level with us, or be forced to. Carlson is also acting like the only thing the New York City council is working on is trapping Trump   that s far from true. But they have other pressing matters and limited funding, just like many other major cities here in the U.S.Trump is proving himself to be a threat, and we need to know exactly how.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
1441, Chaffetz Says Congress ‘Needs To See’ Comey Memos On Trump NOW: ‘I Have My Subpoena Pen Ready’,"The Trump administration is in a tailspin after fired FBI Director James Comey revealed that Donald Trump had pressured him to drop the investigation into his campaign s collusion with Russia   and he has the paper trail to prove it. Not surprisingly, even Republican lawmakers want to see Comey s memos. Now.GOP senator Jason Chaffetz told NBC on Tuesday that  if the memo exists, I need to see it and I need to see it right away. He added that he is already  drafting the necessary paperwork to get the memo.  When asked if he would consider issuing a subpoena to get the memos, Chaffetz said that if this memo exists, he will  use every tool we have to get it.The Republican senator then took to Twitter to erase any doubt about his seriousness regarding this matter, writing that he has his  subpoena pen ready. .@GOPoversight is going to get the Comey memo, if it exists. I need to see it sooner rather than later. I have my subpoena pen ready.  Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) May 16, 2017Chaffetz, who is the chairman of the House Oversight Committee, followed up by sending a letter to Andrew McCabe, acting Director of the FBI, on Tuesday night. He requested that  all memoranda, notes, summaries, and recordings referring or relating to any communications between Comey and the President  be turned over to the committee by May 24.Shit is getting deep for Trump. Not a single Republican congressman or senator has been willing to publicly defend Trump since he was busted blabbing top-secret info to Russia and he is quickly losing what little support he had in Washington. At this point, I know not to hold my breath, but maybe, just maybe, Trump s time in the White House is finally coming to an end.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1442, Trump’s Leaks To Russia May Well Have Put Individual Lives In Serious Danger,"Trump s ignorance, incompetence, and ego are putting intelligence agents at risk.It won t come as any surprise that international espionage is a complicated, high-stakes affair. At any given time, agents from countries all around the world are embedded with ISIS and other terrorist groups, secretly reporting back to their superiors in order to ensure that America and her allies have the latest intelligence. As the New York Times and Addicting Info have reported, the intelligence that President Trump shared with the Russians came from Israeli sources. That s a problem.Iran is one of Israel s greatest enemies and one of Russia s biggest allies. They certainly have an interest in learning everything they can about Israeli intelligence assets. And now, thanks to Donald Trump s startling incompetence, their Russian allies are free to tell them everything they know.The Wall Street Journal s statement confirming Israeli intelligence was the source.This sort of intelligence breach is literally unprecedented. Until now, no American president has ever handled classified information so carelessly. But that s not the worst of it. Israeli field agents have been compromised thanks to Trump s propensity for gossip. Sources say that they re being recalled right now, forced to flee from the ISIS units in which they ve worked so hard to embed themselves.One of the biggest ironies about this ongoing story is just how many intelligence officials worried it was going to happen. Stories have broken since the election last year that quote intelligence sources saying they were worried about Trump s stupidity.It was NOT appropriate 4 Trump 2 disclose this intel to Russia. It was NOT ours to share. It was Israel's, provided on high confidentiality.  Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) May 16, 2017One article, which ran in Israeli newspaper Haaretz and was written by investigative reporter Ronen Bergman, mentions this exact scenario, complete with a warning from American intelligence agents not to trust Trump. The article said,  American intelligence officials implied that Israel should  be careful  when transferring intelligence information to the White House and the National Security Council following Trump s inauguration   at least until it is clear that Trump does not have inappropriate connections with Russia. Nobody can say we weren t warned.Featured image by Spencer Platt via Getty Images",0
1443, Dave Chappelle: ‘I F***ed Up’ When Asking To Give Trump A Chance (DETAILS),"Comedian Dave Chappelle, known for his razor-sharp and hilarious views on race in America, is officially apologizing for asking America to give Trump a chance.Chappelle asked people to give Trump some time to settle into his role as President before judging him last year, during a monologue on Saturday Night Live that aired a few days after the election. But in a set the comedian performed at Caroline s in New York, he told the audience that he regrets what he said.Chappelle got right to the point with his apology, saying  I was the first guy on TV to say  Give Trump a chance.  I fucked up. Sorry.  That time when Dave Chappelle apologized for asking us to give Trump a chance  The self-proclaimed ""Jane Goodall"" of white people now has this to say about Trump's instability, the Muslim ban, and what a black presidency was expected to look like ??? #davechappelle #nyc @robinhoodnycA post shared by Caroline NYC (@caroline_newyork) on May 15, 2017 at 11:26pm PDTHe went on to deliver a strong set that touched on exactly why he was wrong. Chappelle said,  Every day you wake up and you never know what [Trump] is going to do next. The comedian also touched on Trump s racism and Islamophobia, bringing up the President s failed Muslim ban,  Donald Trump said we shouldn t let any Muslims into the United States  until we can figure out what s going on.  And I think that s way out of step with the way people feel in America. At the time, his SNL monologue got some pushback from media critics who argued that giving Trump a chance to be Presidential, after spending most of his campaign behaving badly, was misguided.Chappelle couched his call for tolerance with a plea for Trump to return the favor, saying at the time,  I m wishing Donald Trump luck. And I m going to give him a chance, and we, the historically disenfranchised, demand that he give us one too. But clearly Chappelle doesn t feel like Trump has held up his end of the bargain, and it s hard to disagree with that sentiment.",0
1444," FBI MEMO CONFIRMS: Trump Told Comey To End Russia Probe, Attack Press In The Most ABHORRENT Way","Trump has been bested by a man who is far smarter and far more ethical than he could ever dream of. James Comey apparently documented his conversations with Trump in memos, and the New York Times has spoken to at least two people who reportedly have those memos and read parts of it to them. In one memo, which documents a conversation that happened back in February, Comey reports that Trump said: I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go. He is a good guy. I hope you can let this go. This conversation reportedly took place the day after Flynn resigned, so we can assume that Trump thought, or hoped, that he could force that to be the end of it. The White House has already made it clear that they re going to try and pin this whole mess on Flynn and claim ignorance, and a conversation like this, with Trump asking Comey to drop it, fits in with that narrative rather well.But that s not all. That memo also reportedly says that Trump told Comey to consider jailing members of the press who publish classified leaks. Trump believes that the leaks coming from the White House are the bigger threat and has been raging for weeks that the FBI hasn t been focusing on those.In other words, Trump was not only trying to turn all eyes off of him, he wanted Comey to start working on his  jail all press who speak negatively of me  plan.Comey was known for taking detailed notes, particularly when he felt that the details of a conversation might be questioned later on. The Times reports that he created memos about every meeting and phone call he and Trump, and he did share some of them with senior FBI officials.Of course, the White House is fervently denying this conversation happened this way. According to the Times piece, their official statement on the matter says: While the president has repeatedly expressed his view that General Flynn is a decent man who served and protected our country, the president has never asked Mr. Comey or anyone else to end any investigation, including any investigation involving General Flynn. The president has the utmost respect for our law enforcement agencies, and all investigations. This is not a truthful or accurate portrayal of the conversation between the president and Mr. Comey. Of course it s not, at least, not to the White House. Trump has said that this investigation is a hoax perpetrated by the Democrats in his desperation to appear totally innocent. He even had a law firm send a certified letter to Sen. Lindsey Graham that was somehow supposed to prove that neither he, nor his associates, colluded with Russia at any time.Trump never succeeded in getting Comey to do what he wanted in anything. He never got Comey to shift his attention to leaks of classified info and jailing members of the press who published them, and he never got Comey to stop investigating his own, and his campaign s, ties to Russia. He s now so desperate that he s sending out fundraising emails begging his supporters to help him win against the  deep state. No wonder Comey was fired. Expect the White House to spin up a brand-new web of lies, which may include more threats against Comey and other FBI officials.Featured image by Win McNamee via Getty Images",0
1445, Trump Sends Out Email Begging Supporters To Send Him Money To Defend Against His Scandals,"Minutes after news broke that Donald Trump had asked James Comey to drop his investigation into Michael Flynn   and that Comey had kept documentation of that meeting unbeknownst to Trump   Trump s never-ending campaign arm shot out an email asking his supporters to send him money. The grifting never stops.In the email, DonaldJTrump.com tells Trump s followers that there is a vast conspiracy against him by people who don t want him to  drain the swamp.  According to the tortured logic, these secret  special interest  groups conspired to destroy him by leaking the criminal and boneheaded things that he has been doing. And naturally, the  media  was also involved:You already knew the media was out to get us.But sadly it s not just the fake news  There are people within our own unelected bureaucracy that want to sabotage President Trump and our entire America First movement.Steve Bannon was right when he said,  If you think they re going to give you your country back without a fight, you re sadly mistaken. Every day is going to be a fight. That is the promise of Donald Trump. Deadspin writer Ashley Feinberg documented the baffling fundraising email:so now Trump is fundraising on him being a treasonous moron I guess pic.twitter.com/dVRrB7f25B  Ashley Feinberg (@ashleyfeinberg) May 16, 2017Zeke Miller caught the last part   where he begs for money.WOW. Just out from Trump campaign subject lined ""SABOTAGE"" pic.twitter.com/w7xy0L47oF  Zeke Miller (@ZekeJMiller) May 16, 2017Trump s team promises that the next step is to  completely DRAIN THE SWAMP.  It s unclear how Trump plans to do that when his Secretary of State is an oil executive, half his staff comes from Goldman Sachs, and his own daughter has an office down the hall from the Oval Office.The wording in the email suggests that Trump and his band of followers are retreating even further into their own paranoid delusions. The leaks Trump is so concerned about have been independently confirmed time and again. Trump himself, in his own blustering way, often confirms reports about himself in fits of rage. In the most recent example, Trump took to Twitter to loudly acknowledge that he had given sensitive information to Russia despite his own staff saying it was  false  the night before.Left with few options, Trump is now declaring all out war on the truth. Any bad press is  fake news  and  deep state  malcontents trying to undermine him. The much more realistic idea that Trump himself is so completely incompetent that he brings these scandals on himself never occurs to him.Featured image by Michael Reynolds-Pool via Getty Images",0
1446," BREAKING: Israel’s “Worst Fears Confirmed,” Says Israeli Intelligence Official In Wake Of Trump Revelation","In a bombshell revelation, The New York Times named Israel the source of the classified information that Trump leaked to the Russian government last week.Today, an Israeli intelligence officer disclosed to BuzzFeed that Israel is very concerned about Trump actions   despite the fact that the Israeli government said they wouldn t change their intelligence relationship with the White House. We have an arrangement with America which is unique to the world of intelligence sharing,  the official explained.  We do not have this relationship with any other country There is a special understanding of security cooperation between our countries. To know that this intelligence is shared with others, without our prior knowledge? That is, for us, our worst fears confirmed. Earlier this year the same unnamed Israeli official told BuzzFeed that Israeli Intelligence had major concerns over Trump and what he might disclose to Russia   a very close ally to Israel s top adversary, Iran.The President has a visit scheduled in Israel for next week as part of a large global tour that includes Saudi Arabia and the Vatican. This might not be the best time for Trump to travel to Isreal, seeing as he may have just outed them to their biggest enemy. It will be interesting to watch how this unfolds.Photo by Michael Reynolds-Pool/Getty Images",0
1447, REVEALED: Trump’s Senior Advisers Afraid To Leave Him Alone In Meetings With Foreign Leaders,"Conservatives thought an unpredictable president would be a good idea, but as it turns out, to be the leader of the free world, you have to measure your words, think before you talk, and above all, don t reveal highly classified data. Monday night, after it was discovered that amateur president Donald Trump bragged to Russian officials, then revealed intelligence information to them, his White House staffers were heard screaming in a nearby office. It was like a White House slap fight was taking place with no one able to contain the damage.It gets worse.Trump s national security and foreign policy staffs have been spending much of their time planning for his upcoming eight-day trip to the Middle East and Europe. The former reality show star is meeting with foreign leaders after his major blunder with sensitive information.The New York Times reports:There is a growing sense that Mr. Trump seems unwilling or unable to do the things necessary to keep himself out of trouble, and that the presidency has done little to tame a shoot-from-the-hip-into-his-own-foot style that characterized his campaign.There is a fear among some of Mr. Trump s senior advisers about leaving him alone in meetings with foreign leaders out of concern he might speak out of turn. General McMaster, in particular, has tried to insert caveats or gentle corrections into conversations when he believes the president is straying off topic or onto boggy diplomatic ground.(my emphasis)According to two officials, McMaster s gentle corrections has irked Trump. And remember, Trump has publicly declared that his former security adviser, Michael Flynn, was a  wonderful man.  Trump said that after Flynn was forced to resign.Trump has said that General McMaster talks too much in meetings, and the former reality show star has referred to him as  a pain,  according to one of the officials.In private, three administration officials conceded that they could not publicly articulate their most compelling   and honest   defense of the president: that Mr. Trump, a hasty and indifferent reader of printed briefing materials, simply did not possess the interest or knowledge of the granular details of intelligence gathering to leak specific sources and methods of intelligence gathering that would do harm to United States allies.In December, Trump said,  I don t need daily intelligence briefings.  Tuesday morning, Trump admitted on Twitter that he revealed the intel to the Russian officials. A few hours later, McMaster held a press briefing to do damage control. He bizarrely explained that since Trump didn t know where the Intel came from, it was  wholly inappropriate  for him to disclose it.It suddenly makes sense why White House press secretary Sean Spicer was recently seen hiding in the bushes.Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images.",0
1448, Erik Erikson: Trump’s Russia Leak ‘Is Actually Far Worse Than What is Being Reported’ (DETAILS),"Conservative pundit Erik Erikson is weighing in on Donald Trump s decision to blab highly classified information to the Russians during a closed-door meeting at the White House and he is vouching for at least one of the sources.In a blog post on his website, The Resurgent, Erikson said that usually, he takes  these stories about the President with a grain of salt.  But this time, things are different because he knows that the information is coming from a credible source whom he knows personally. He notes that the source is actually very pro-Trump,  or at least has been and was during Campaign 2016. Erikson explains that since Trump refuses to accept any advice or criticism, members of his administration  are left with no other option but to go to the media, leak the story, and hope that the intense blowback gives the President a swift kick in the butt. Perhaps then he will recognize he screwed up. I am told that what the President did is actually far worse than what is being reported. The President does not seem to realize or appreciate that his bragging can undermine relationships with our allies and with human intelligence sources. He also does not seem to appreciate that his loose lips can get valuable assets in the field killed,  Erikson writes. You can call these sources disloyal, traitors, or whatever you want,  he continues.  But please ask yourself a question   if the President, through inexperience and ignorance, is jeopardizing our national security and will not take advice or corrective action, what other means are available to get the President to listen and recognize the error of his ways? Erikson concludes by affirming his absolute belief that the information about Trump sharing top secret info with Russia is credible.  This is a real problem and I treat this story very seriously because I know just how credible, competent, and serious   as well as seriously pro-Trump, at least one of the sources is. Featured image via Olivier Douliery   Pool/Getty Images",0
1449," White House DEFENDS Trump By Admitting He’s An IDIOT, Claims He “Wasn’t Aware” Of Intel Source Or Methods (VIDEO)","After the bombshell news that Trump gave highly classified information to Russian, the White House is scrambling to defend his conduct, no matter how reckless. National security adviser H.R. McMaster argued to the press on Tuesday that the President didn t jeopardize U.S. intelligence by giving out highly sensitive intel to Russian Officials, and added that Trump had no idea where the intel came from.McMaster stated  The President in no way undermined sourced or methods in the course of this conversation,  saying that anyone could get their hands on this information in  open-source reporting. The real kicker is that McMaster argued that it was impossible for Trump to have endangered national security due to the fact that he did not even know what he was discussing.  The President wasn t even aware of where this information came from,  he said.  He wasn t briefed on the source. There was no denying that Trump discussed top secret information to Moscow s U.S. ambassador, Sergey Kislyak, and Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov. But McMaster attacked those who leaked the contents of the conversation to the media, insisting that is the story that people should be paying attention to. I think the real issue and what I would like to see debated more is that our national security has been put at risk by those violating confidentiality,  he said,  I think national security is put at risk by this leak and leaks like this. McMaster noted that the administration would be investigating the source of leaks to reporters, but did not respond to the question of who would be conducting the investigation.Reports on Monday from the Washington Post said the discussion was about Islamic State information, which came from a U.S. ally with the stipulation that it would not be shared with other governments.Officials from the Democratic and Republican party are both outraged by this revelation and its potential to put intelligence sources and partners at risk.See McMaster s full statement here:Feature image via video screengrab",0
1450, ‘Pay Bribes Here’ Projected On Trump Hotel,"Last night, Trump International Hotel in Washington, DC played host to a temporary art installation. The words  pay Trump bribes here  and  emoluments welcome  were projected on the front entrance of the building. The project instantly captured the attention of Twitter and went viral even as it was happening. This morning, we learned that the projection was another project of DC-based artist Robin Bell. Bell, who works as a video journalist and multimedia artist for his own Bell Visuals, has put together projects like this before. In November of last year, Bell put together a similar campaign to oppose the climate change-denier that Trump put in charge of his EPA transition team. He has also put together other projects in support of cannabis legalization and in support of women s reproductive rights.In an interview with the Los Angeles Time, Bell said that he s not worried about getting in trouble for his art installations. These fringe alt-right groups have gone from a minority of hateful assholes to having the ear of the president, which is terrifying,  Bell says.  The work that we do is a resistance to that. He said,  When we first started doing it, we were concerned and we reached out for legal advice. But from the research we did, it was legal. The one thing we can t do is block traffic. We can t create an impediment on the sidewalk. According to Bell, his largest goal is to get people talking about the issues. But he also sees his art as a way to fight against an authoritarian government.  I was reading this thing about when you deal with authoritarian governments, you have to create your own story,  he says.  If we re reacting to these people all the time, they can just play us. So, part of the thing is making things that you can laugh at, that you can share, that aren t just reacting to them. Photography and video copyright Liz Gorman and Robin Bell",0
1451," Fox News Host Leaks That Spicer Is Getting Fired, Claims She’s Already In Talks To Take Over His Job","Already demonstrating her inability to keep her mouth shut, Fox News host Kimberly Guilfoyle seemingly leaked the fact that Trump has made up his mind to fire Sean Spicer as press secretary. She told Mercury News that Trump s staff have already contacted her and she s in talks to take over once the deed is done.This is news to  everybody  because the Trump White House has so far refused to confirm rumors that Spicer is on his way out. Guilfoyle seems pretty convinced. She spoke with the self-assured tone of a person who has already committed to the job in her head. I m a patriot, and it would be an honor to serve the country,  Guilfoyle said.  I think it d be a fascinating job, it s a challenging job, and you need someone really determined and focused, a great communicator in there with deep knowledge to be able to handle that position. Leaving nothing to chance, she also took pains to bash Sean Spicer with some ruthless concern trolling. If you want to be successful and do communications with President Trump, you have to be someone who he actually wants to spend a little bit of time with,  she said on the air.  You ve got to insist on getting in front of POTUS, talk to him, and have like five, six minutes with him before you go out there and take the podium, and otherwise you re driving blind. It has to be somebody with a very close relationship, where there s trust there, there s inherent loyalty, someone who s been there from the beginning,  she added. Loyalty  has become a major sticking point for Trump, whose paranoia and sense of alienation has left him with very few friends even among the White House.Adding more fuel to the fire, Guilfoyle (mockingly?) wished Sean Spicer  the best  going forward.Spicer was noticeably absent from Tuesday s press briefing. The last time reporters saw him, he was engaged in a screaming match with Steve Bannon and Sarah Huckabee Sanders.WH comms staffers just put the TVs on super loud after we could hear yelling coming from room w/ Bannon, Spicer, Sanders  Adrian Carrasquillo (@Carrasquillo) May 15, 2017Despite having nothing to do with either decision, Trump reportedly blames Spicer for both the James Comey and Russia classified intel leaks. Shortly after the Comey scandal erupted, Axios reporter Jonathan Swan was hearing that Trump was finished with Spicer.I can independently confirm reporting that President Trump has been sounding people out about removing Sean Spicer as Press Secretary. 1/2  Jonathan Swan (@jonathanvswan) May 11, 2017Guilfoyle, however, may have screwed up her chances by blowing the story open before Trump was ready. As the New York Times  Maggie Habermann points out, one way to lose an opportunity is to confirm it s happening. Trump, who hates anyone stealing his limelight, has previously torpedoed done-deals after they were leaked to the press out of sheer spite.This is quickest way to end a negotiation with Trumpland, to talk about it https://t.co/lLEYoNw0A2  Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) May 16, 2017It s likely Guilfoyle decided to risk a high-stakes gamble. The best way to make your case to Trump is through the media and with massive doses of flattery. The risk is getting too much attention and angering Trump. Her bet was that Trump would like the nice things she said about him more than he hated that she undermined his decision. (If all of this seems a bit  high school drama,  that s because it is.)Now it is left to be seen whether her gamble will pay off.Featured image via Allison Shelley/Getty Images",0
1452, Keith Olbermann Lashes Out At Trump For Whining About Leaks With One Perfect Tweet,"Keith Olbermann just fired an angry tweet at Donald Trump that will almost certainly leave him seething in fury.Last week, Trump gave highly classified intelligence to Russian officials during a meeting in the Oval Office in which Russian state media was allowed but American journalists were banned.Spilling the intel puts the source of the information in jeopardy and hurts our national security.The Russians can even use the information in order to silence the source from revealing their own activity in Syria. In short, American intelligence gathering efforts against ISIS and Russia have just been seriously compromised.Outrage immediately ensued after the story broke, with both Democrats and Republicans expressing concern over Trump s actions. The optic are also terrible in light of the fact that Trump is embroiled in a growing scandal involving Russia and had fired FBI Director James Comey the day before the meeting.Of course, Trump took to Twitter on Tuesday to defend his actions, ending his rant by whining about leakers despite the fact that he leaked highly classified information to the Russians.As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 16, 2017 to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS & terrorism.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 16, 2017I have been asking Director Comey & others, from the beginning of my administration, to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 16, 2017GQ special correspondent Keith Olbermann was NOT impressed, especially after reading the last tweet. So he lashed out at Trump with words every American wants to say to him right now.YOU are the leaker, you stupid, pea-brained, motherfucking traitor. RESIGN. https://t.co/ZRXevAonG9  Keith Olbermann (@KeithOlbermann) May 16, 2017Donald Trump is a traitor. He violated his oath of office and violated the trust of an ally by sharing this intel with the Russians, who interfered with the 2016 Election by hacking into our political institutions. Was this the price the Russians demanded in exchange for helping Trump win? Because if it is, our national security is at serious risk. Russia would love nothing more than know everything we know. What s next? Will Trump share NATO strategies with Russia? How about the nuclear codes?Clearly, Trump is willing to give his Russian buddies anything, whether or not they actually ask for it. This is a violation of the American people s trust and there should be consequences. He should either resign in disgrace or be impeached and put behind bars where traitors belong. The Russians have a mole in the White House. His name is Donald Trump.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
1453," WATCH: Morning Joe RIPS Trump For Leaking Classified Info To Russians, Demands Accountability","Joe Scarborough is furious about Donald Trump and he is demanding that Republicans take action before our national security is seriously compromised.Throughout the 2016 campaign, Trump repeatedly criticized Hillary Clinton for using a personal server to read emails containing sensitive information. But while Clinton s emails were never hacked or read by anyone but her, Trump is going around bragging about highly classified intelligence and sharing it with the Russians.As we learned on Monday, Trump literally leaked the intel during an Oval Office meeting with Russian officials last week, the same meeting that American journalists were barred from covering while Russia state media was given free access.In short, Trump is a hypocrite who put the security of our nation in jeopardy because he is incapable of keeping his mouth shut.So it was not a surprise that Joe Scarborough, a former Republican congressman, exploded in anger on Tuesday morning over what should be considered yet another Russia scandal.The Morning Joe host delivered a scathing statement denouncing Trump and called upon the current Republicans in Congress to hold him accountable instead of cowardly ignoring a major breach of protocol. It s not enough for Mitch McConnell and conservative talk show hosts to simply attack the  lamestream  media or Nancy Pelosi,  Scarborough said.  Americans will not buy that. That s a cowardly act, and it s intended to hold onto as much of the audience that they can hold onto without embracing Trump. At this point, if you do not call him out for risking American lives and doing things that most intel people I spoke with last night said will lead to the death of Americans in the future or lead to the death of critical allies in this counterinsurgency battle against ISIS, then you are doing a grave disservice to your voters or to your listeners or to the United States of America. There is no middle ground here anymore   there just isn t. This is about national security in the United States of America. Indeed, Trump s blabbing put an asset at risk, one who is familiar with the inner workings of ISIS, a terrorist organization that wants to kill Americans.According to the Washington Post,Trump s disclosures jeopardized a critical source of intelligence on the Islamic State.The information the president relayed had been provided by a U.S. partner through an intelligence-sharing arrangement considered so sensitive that details have been withheld from allies and tightly restricted even within the U.S. government, officials said.The partner had not given the United States permission to share the material with Russia, and officials said Trump s decision to do so endangers cooperation from an ally that has access to the inner workings of the Islamic State.As a candidate, Trump claimed that he would protect this country from ISIS, but by handing out classified information like it s candy, he just put our nation at serious risk and violated the trust of an asset, who is also now in serious jeopardy, which means our ability to get good intel on ISIS is compromised.In the end, Scarborough noted that Donald Trump just keeps getting worse. Here s the problem, the arc of this narrative keeps getting worse. People on the inside say he keeps getting worse, mentally keeps getting worse. This is not, unfortunately, a learning curve   this is a man in decline. Here s the video via VidMe.It s time for Republicans to admit that they screwed up by supporting Donald Trump. It s time for them to oust this administration and schedule a new election so that the American people can put someone in the White House who is competent and not Putin s puppet. This farce has gone on long enough and American lives are more in danger the longer Trump remains in office.Featured image via screenshot ",0
1454, Trump Says He Gave Classified Info To Russia For ‘Humanitarian Reasons’ And Gets WRECKED (TWEETS),"On Tuesday, Donald Trump kicked off his morning by inserting his foot in his mouth, then his other foot, then growing a third foot and stuffing it in there too.As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 16, 2017Sure, his explanation started out dumb as f*ck, but it gets better/worse: he says he gave  code word material  to Russia for  humanitarian reasons.  Yes, you read that right   he provided highly classified information to a hostile dictatorship for  humanitarian reasons. to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS & terrorism.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump Extra, extra!#TrumpRussia#MarchForTruthhttps://t.co/NU6zUUie68 #tuesdaymotivation #MorningJoe pic.twitter.com/DXtP59MPoz  Holly O Reilly (@AynRandPaulRyan) May 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump BREAKING: Russia has formally abandoned its spy program. No need to pay for spies when Trump will give Russia intel freely.  Rob Szczerba (@RJSzczerba) May 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump Oh okay so you shared data so sensitive they have to use code-names for the subjects in it because of  humanitarian reasons?  Jules Suzdaltsev (@jules_su) May 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump The way you re cosying up to Russia is sickening. What are you thinking? And why put Russia ahead of American interests? Corruption 101.  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) May 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump One sticky facts, Donald:YOU HAD YET TO SHARE THIS INTEL WITH OUR OWN ALLIES.No humanitarian concerns regarding western Europe? Canada?  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) May 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump You criticize your administration for leaks and you leaked to our enemy!  Jail Donald Trump (@DTrumpExposed) May 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump The why not get permission from the country who shared it first? You burned their source and possible we are less safe in future.  Jon (((Wolfsthal))) (@JBWolfsthal) May 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump Translation: I told the Russians because I m worried about them. I love them.Also, I planned to tell America s allies eventually.  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) May 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump Donald I do not believe for a second that you can spell humanitarian  Stuart Fazakerley (@stuartfaz) May 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump McMaster: Trump did NOT  wait he s tweeting? Uh  Trump shared, absolute right, uh, humanitarian & stuff.#TrumpLeaks #MarchForTruth  KH (@labboypro) May 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump just fucking resign already, you hate this as much as we do  Stefanie Iris Weiss (@EcoSexuality) May 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump The President just admitted treason.  Penelope Reed (@PMilstein) May 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump Oh you re a humanitarian now? So why are you trying to rid 20 million people of health care?  AC (@ACinthe715) May 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump Omg, did you just admit to giving the Russians classified information?  Randy Withers (@counselorinsite) May 16, 2017Interestingly, Trump national security advisor H.R. McMaster claimed on Monday that Trump did not reveal classified information   something he just as good as admitted in his tweets.Ironically, Trump   who leaked classified information directly to Russia   complained that he has been asking FBI Director Comey (whom he fired after Comey requested additional resources for the Russia investigation) and  others  to figure out who has been leaking information about his and his administration s misdeeds.I have been asking Director Comey & others, from the beginning of my administration, to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 16, 2017This administration is a joke so bad it s almost criminal. OK, it is criminal. In fact, we re left to wonder when   not if, but when   Republicans will feel that they have no choice but to put their country first and impeach this orange motherfucker.Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)/screengrab",0
1455, NATO Officials Planning For Trump Visit As If He Is A Small Child (DETAILS),"Donald Trump is a small child in a 70-year-old man s body who somehow managed to get elected president of the United States. It seems that world leaders are aware of this, and therefore are now devising methods to deal with him as such. Case in point   Trump s very first summit with the other member nations of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO).NATO officials are well aware that Trump has the attention span of a toddler who needs a nap, so they are going to keep the topics simple and make sure that any remarks are limited to two to four minute bursts. In addition to the shortened speeches and elementary subject matter, the summit will have no formal statement after the meeting with the heads of state for the 28 countries in the NATO alliance. Officials in the know say that the people involved in setting all of this up to accommodate Trump s childlike ways are really scrambling, as the summit is set to commence on May 25. In short- they are going to Trump- proof the event. From Uproxx: It s kind of ridiculous how they are preparing to deal with Trump,  said one source briefed extensively on the meeting s preparations.  It s like they re preparing to deal with a child   someone with a short attention span and mood who has no knowledge of NATO, no interest in in-depth policy issues, nothing,  said the source, who spoke on condition of anonymity.  They re freaking out. People are scared of his unpredictability, intimidated by how he might react knowing the president might speak his mind   or tweet his mind,  [a] former official said. Or, as another current senior NATO official put it before the meeting:  We re bracing for impact. As if this isn t bad enough, a big topic of this particular meeting of the NATO alliance will be how to share the costs and other burdens associated with NATO. Of course, we all remember how Trump actually gave German Chancellor Angela Merkel a bill for supposed monies she owes to NATO on her very first visit to our country. So, there s no telling what he ll say to other member nations on this topic at the summit. This worry has not escaped the international officials preparing for this event. Again, from Uproxx: His views of burden-sharing seem to be more ambitious than past presidents,  and that could become a source of tension at the big NATO confab, said Alexander Vershbow, former deputy secretary-general of NATO.  The burden-sharing conversation may not go entirely smoothly. This is beyond embarrassing. With each passing day, Trump s childish temperament, incompetence, and buffoonery lessens America s standing in the world. When will the Republicans in Congress wake up, admit they made a mistake by getting this man elected, and start preparing to oust him from office?Only time will tell. Until then, #RESIST.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1456, Trump Shocked As New Poll Reveals The Future Of Trumpcare; It’s Worse Than You Thought (Details),"It seems only natural that Donald Trump, the lowest rated president in modern history, should have extremely unpopular policies to match how much Americans refuse to support him.Aside from his disgustingly racist travel ban, there s another policy that Americans overwhelmingly despise   the American Health Care Act, also known as Trumpcare. While it s been widely known that Americans prefer Obamacare (the Affordable Care Act) much more than Trump s shady, disastrous alternative, the real numbers prove to be worse than originally thought. It turns out, one poll states that over 75% of Americans don t want Trump s heath care plan to get anywhere near them and their loved ones.This recent poll cited that the American public s support for Trumpcare is only 23%, which basically means that Trump is screwed if he thinks he can get this health care bill to take the place of Obamacare. Almost half (48%) of Americans stated that they were against Trumpcare, with most (43%) responding that they were  strongly  opposed to it.So while Trump likes to brag about all this  winning  he s doing, we have yet to see it reflect in the American public s opinion of him and his policies. People are passionately resisting Trumpcare, and have even taken to GOP town halls to openly protest against and condemn GOP lawmakers who are trying to help Trump take out Obamacare.Trump may not want to admit it, but he s dying in the polls. It s also been reported that only 29% of Americans felt Trump was right to fire FBI Director James Comey, and 78% of the public wanted the Russia investigation to be handed off to an independent commission.The more Trump tries, the more he fails. As time goes on, we can only expect his approval rating to continue on its downward slope as he makes more horrible decisions for the country.Featured image is a screenshot",0
1457," Trump’s EPA OKs Pesticide That Causes Brain Damage In Children, Now Farmworkers Are Getting Sick","Farmworkers were pulled from fields on Friday after they came into contact with a chemical that the EPA recently approved. The chemical had originally been flagged by the Obama administration and was in the process of being banned when Trump s White House took over and gave it the greenlight.According to KTEG, more than 50 people working at the farm were exposed to the pesticide, causing the Dan Andrews farm to completely shut down. We started getting an odor, pesticide odor, coming in from the mandarin orchards west of our fields,  said farm supervisor Efron Zavalza.A pesticide called Vulcan, containing a poison called chlorpyrifos, has been sprayed the night before the workers come to the fields to work. I m not pointing fingers or saying it was done incorrectly. It was just an unfortunate thing the way it was drifted. The wind came and pushed everything east and you know we were caught in the path,  he observed.Twelve people suffered symptoms of nausea, vomiting, and fainting   though half the workers left before medical services could treat them.Mother Jones reported that the Obama administration had taken steps to permanently ban chlorpyrifos, but the new head of the EPA, Scott Pruitt, reversed the regulation. By reversing the previous Administration s steps to ban one of the most widely used pesticides in the world, we are returning to using sound science in decision-making   rather than predetermined results,  stated the EPA.Health experts agree that when children are exposed to chlorpyrifos they tcan suffer brain damage and a lower IQ.  A report by the National Institutes of Health concludes that the chemical can cause  adverse developmental, reproductive, neurological, and immune effect. The decision to reverse regulations on this chemical is very scary and could cause a lot of people to get sick.Featured image via David McNew/Getty Images",0
1458," Reporters In Press Room Can Hear Screaming From Trump Staff Offices Nearby, Livetweet Meltdown","In a hilarious development to the disturbing news that Donald Trump leaked classified information to the Russians, reporters gathered in the White House press room to report that they are hearing screaming coming from deeper in the West Wing. Staffers must have heard the sounds too, because they quickly began cranking up the volume on the television sets placed around the room to help drown out the noise.Adrian Carrasquillo, a reporter for Buzzfeed, captured the meltdown in real time:Per @TreyYingst, Bannon, Mike Dubke, Sarah Sanders and Spicer walked into cabinet room just now. They did not look happy.  Adrian Carrasquillo (@Carrasquillo) May 15, 2017Can now hear yelling coming from room where officials are. https://t.co/xh8LQ0paPM  Adrian Carrasquillo (@Carrasquillo) May 15, 2017WH comms staffers just put the TVs on super loud after we could hear yelling coming from room w/ Bannon, Spicer, Sanders  Adrian Carrasquillo (@Carrasquillo) May 15, 2017Members of Trump s administration screaming at the top of their lungs is a good way to describe the mood within the White House. News of Trump s intelligence implosion came at an already dark time. Still reeling from Trump s firing of James Comey for refusing to stop the investigation into his involvement with Russia, and just hours after the news that Trump was hovering around the least popular he s ever been in the polls, the classified leaks from Donald Trump himself may have pushed several members of his team past their breaking points.The Daily Beast spoke to some of the despondent Trump staffers: Do not ask me about how this looks, we all know how this looks,  the senior aide told The Daily Beast on Monday evening. Trump administration officials spoke to The Daily Beast on the condition of anonymity so as to speak freely. The aide described a scene at the White House as tense and  a morgue. For months, Trump has demanded that his team find anyone who is leaking news of his dysfunctional White House to the press. The anger and fury did nothing. The Washington Post and Buzzfeed each have different sources confirming the fact that Trump handed classified information over to Russian diplomats in a hamfisted attempt to  brag  about his intel. The New York Times is also reporting that the source of the intel warned U.S. forces that if the information should leak, they would cut off communications.The classified info Trump shared with Russia came from an ally who already warned they'd cut off info if it leaked. https://t.co/5NPrIvPWWz pic.twitter.com/htpMfIfEwi  Steve Kopack (@SteveKopack) May 16, 2017Thanks Trump!In an amazing addition, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, who has shown an ability to lie that tops even that of Sean Spicer, walked out of the room where shouts could clearly be heard and claimed that she didn t know anything about it.Sarah H. Sanders told reporters she didn't know anything about yelling. https://t.co/1CNSSomWKY  Jim Acosta (@Acosta) May 15, 2017She also said there would be no more press information tonight Sarah H. Sanders just addressed reporters in Upper Press advising there would be no further statements tonight.  Jim Acosta (@Acosta) May 15, 2017  which is understandable because how on earth do you, as Trump s team, possibly spin this as anything other than an impeachable offense?Meanwhile, Republicans in Congress have taken an all-too predictable stance of loudly sighing, shaking their heads, and giving an exaggerated shrug.Featured image by Molly Riley-Pool via Getty Images",0
1459, Trump Gave HIGHLY Classified Information To Russian Ambassador Right After Firing Comey,"Whoa. The day after he fired now-former FBI Director James Comey, Donald Trump did perhaps the dumbest thing a person under investigation for collusion with Russia could possibly do: he gave highly classified information directly to representatives of the Russian government. How classified? It s stuff we haven t even shown our allies.The Washington Post reports that when Trump met with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, Trump  went off script and began describing details about an Islamic State terrorist threat related to the use of laptop computers on aircraft. I get great intel. I have people brief me on great intel every day,  Trump bragged to the Russians according to a White House official:Trump went on to discuss aspects of the threat that the United States only learned through the espionage capabilities of a key partner. He did not reveal the specific intelligence gathering method, but described how the Islamic State was pursuing elements of a specific plot and how much harm such an attack could cause under varying circumstances. Most alarmingly, officials said, Trump revealed the city in the Islamic State s territory where the U.S. intelligence partner detected the threat.The Washington Post is withholding most plot details, including the name of the city, at the urging of officials who warned that revealing them would jeopardize important intelligence capabilities. Everyone knows this stream is very sensitive and the idea of sharing it at this level of granularity with the Russians is troubling,  a former senior U.S. counter-terrorism official who worked with Team Trump told the Post. Russia, armed with the information Trump handed them, can now use it to identify the U.S. ally or gain more information about intelligence operations. This is code-word information,  the official said.  Trump revealed more information to the Russian ambassador than we have shared with our own allies.  One official tells Buzzfeed that   it s far worse than what has already been reported. Russia could identify our sources or techniques,  the senior U.S. official explained. I don t think that it would be that hard [for Russian spy services] to figure this out. If that partner learned we d given this to Russia without their knowledge or asking first that is a blow to that relationship,  the official said, adding that Trump also informed the Kremlin about defensive measures the United States has taken. I m sure Kislyak was able to fire off a good cable back to the Kremlin with all the details. The meeting, which occurred just after The Donald fired James Comey for requesting additional resources for the Russia investigation, was off-limits to U.S. press, but Trump allowed Russian media in to take photographs. The White House readout does not discuss Trump s decision to give away our nation s secrets to the country that financed and executed a hacking a propaganda operation intended to install him in the Oval Office.Featured image via screengrab",0
1460," Second Congressman Calls For Trump’s Impeachment, Demands He ‘Be Charged’ (DETAILS)","Talk of impeachment has been commonplace in Congress since before Donald Trump was even sworn in. But following his decision to fire FBI Director James Comey, who just happened to be in charge of investigating his shady Russian escapades, a second congressman is now explicitly calling for Trump to be impeached.Texas Democrat Al Green issued a statement on Monday demanding that Trump be charged and impeached.President Trump is not above the law. He has committed an impeachable act and must be charged. To do otherwise would cause him Americans lose respect for, and obedience to, our societal norms.President Trump has committed an act for which he should be charged by the U.S. House of Representatives. The act is the obstruction of a lawful investigation of the president campaign ties to Russian influence in his 2016 Presidential Election.This charging, of the president, then constitutionally as impeachment.Green goes on to explain that by impeaching Trump, the House would only be charging him for his crimes, not finding him guilty. After being impeached by the House, the Senate wound then hold a trial to determine his guilt.The congressman goes on to explain, that the House has no choice but to impeach Trump after he fired Comey, admitted he considered the Russia investigation when deciding whether to relieve the FBI director of his duties and then proceeded to threaten Comey publicly via Twitter.These acts, when combined, amount to intimidation and obstruction.Green called for Trump s impeachment by the House of Representatives one more time, then closed his statement with this sentiment:  Our mantra should be  I.T.N.   Impeach Trump Now.' Although many Democrats have discussed the possibility that Trump s presidency might end in impeachment, Green is only the second congressman to explicitly call for his impeachment. The first was Maxine Waters, who has been calling for Trump to be impeached for months now.Inbox: Congressman Al Green Calls for the Impeachment of President Trump pic.twitter.com/TUBoNaUJr6  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) May 15, 2017Featured image via AlGreen.House.Gov",0
1461, Ivanka Trump’s Hypocritical Mother’s Day Message Got DEMOLISHED By Women,"Ivanka Trump really should stop talking about these issues if she is going to continue to be complicit in her daddy s administration.Despite the fact that her dad s policies hurt women and children, Ivanka posted a Mother s Day message on Twitter focusing on pay inequality.Today, on Mother s Day, we must confront that motherhood is now a greater determinant of pay inequality than gender. https://t.co/n1HhF8PyVc  Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) May 15, 2017Pay inequality is a major problem in this country. Women currently make around 77 cents for every dollar a man makes for the same job and amount of work. At the same time, women also have to deal with the fact that maternity leave is often not a benefit offered by employers, nor is childcare. So it becomes even harder for women to make enough money to take care of their families.But while Ivanka may really care abut these issues, the problem is that she has mostly been a bystander whenever her dad signs legislation or an executive order that hurts women.For example, the Trumpcare bill would take healthcare away from millions of women. Just being a woman would be considered a pre-existing condition. So would sexual assault and pregnancy. Not only would a lot of moms suffer under this bill, their children would suffer as well.That s why Ivanka has been repeatedly accused of being complicit.She s a complete hypocrite who pretends to a be a feminist icon but she s not. And women had no problem calling her out on Twitter for it.@IvankaTrump You care nothing about women! You blindly support your father who is a misogynistic sexist bully. AND YOU DO NOTHING! #impeachTrumpnow  Rena Sofer (@RenaSofer) May 15, 2017@IvankaTrump pic.twitter.com/TuBYZTYkHs  cmerry (@cmerry) May 15, 2017@IvankaTrump Did you know your father & the GOP want to make C-sections & sexual assault pre-existing conditions? I don t think they) like women too much  KMG365 (@starbucksgirl51) May 15, 2017@starbucksgirl51 @IvankaTrump Her father has provided preexisting conditions to 13 women .  (((Wendy)))#Resist (@NstyWmnWendy) May 15, 2017@IvankaTrump Where were you when it came to speaking out and defending women when healthcare was on the table?! Go home Ivanka! You re drunk!!  Maren (@blsdx7) May 15, 2017@IvankaTrump But not for u, right Ivanka? Your father doesn t support moms and he also thinks  troubled girls such as Lindsey Lohan  are better in bed..  Michelle Jackino (@DJackino) May 15, 2017@IvankaTrump Have you met your father, apparently the man you speak highly of isn t @POTUS. Help us remove this imposter & save our country from travesty  LisaP (@lspesq53_lsp) May 15, 2017@IvankaTrump @Fleurdelisazure But you don t want to cover pregnancy for women? You words are empty! #traitor  Brayz (@BrayleegirlK) May 15, 2017@IvankaTrump Far from what the statistics show. If your going to be a role model get your facts straight.@MAGAtrump5  Michelle (@mmbarricelli) May 15, 2017@IvankaTrump Ivanka: Stop talking. If u cared anything abt women, u d have stepped away from daddy long ago.  Bonnie Rand (@musicalwhisper) May 15, 2017@IvankaTrump You condone your father s  locker room  talk, his desire for incest among other atrocities against women. You, lady, have no credibility.  Paulaann (@Paulaann8) May 15, 2017It should also be pointed out that Ivanka Trump pays Chinese workers pennies to manufacture her shitty products and clothing line. Yet she still claims to care about pay inequality here in America.If she really cared about women she would try to convince her dad to do something that helps them for once in his pathetic life.Featured image via Sean Gallup/Getty Images",0
1462, Internet SLAMS Trump Over Mother’s Day Women’s Health HYPOCRISY (Tweets),"This morning our commander-in-chief wished Happy Mother s day to  all of the great mothers out there,  but women and men from all over America ripped him a new one as they responded to what most considered a hollow message from the president, who has proved to us through his words and actions that he isn t siding with women s health and well-being.With the Trumpcare plan being the GOP s main focus in the House and Senate, Trump is proving to be more of an enemy than a supporter of women. If this plan goes into effect, it would decimate health care access for women. The president and his Republican friends were on the receiving end of backlash today for what some see as ignorance, callous indifference, hypocrisy, and ignorance in the face of a health crisis for women. Want to support women & mothers? Give them access to they need to lead the lives they want. #TrumpCare doesn t care.  Said a tweet from Planned Parenthood Action Fund.I wonder how many GOPs who voted #trumpcare will wish their moms Happy Mothers Day while their vote said, hey your healthcare means nothing.  FrugalistaBlog (@frugieblog) May 13, 2017If your Rep has a #MothersDay message & voted for Trumpcare, remind them they made a c-section a pre-existing condition. Don't let them off.  David Lebo (@leboism) May 14, 2017Show you care about mothers: Double down on your commitment to oppose #Trumpcare! #MothersDay https://t.co/CEd6TWWrao  CenterforReproRights (@ReproRights) May 13, 2017Countless messages took over the internet today, some targeting Trump while others took shots at other GOP lawmakers, including Speaker Paul Ryan.For #MothersDay, Ryan got moms Trumpcare which could gut pregnancy care for millions & charge hire premiums to mothers who had c-sections https://t.co/jIcPxUJkK5  Molly Cain (@mollicus) May 14, 2017Critics have pointed out that the health care bill Republicans are pushing should be named  wealthcare,  as opposed to  healthcare.  Political columnist Richard Eskow explained: It s a wealth grab for the already wealthy. Its benefits will go, first and formost, to billionaires who make more money from investments than form work. the 400 highest-earing households in the county will get an average tac break of $7 million per year under the Republican Plan. The legislative group working towards the plan is comprised of thirteen men and not one single woman. The negative impacts of this plan on mothers and all females will be severe. Even coverage for prescription drugs, which women also utilize more than men, could lose its designation as an essential health benefit under the House bill.On the bright side, mother-daughter relationships with potentially divergent political views can come together around this topic.Best Mothers Day ever: after explaining to my conservative mom how #trumpcare would harm me, she asked how she could write her Senators  ??  tannerglass (@tannerglass) May 14, 2017Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1463, Ann Coulter Is Super Pissed That Trump Is A Disaster,"Donald Trump s number one fan still believes in him but her support is beginning to waver.Ann Coulter really thought Trump was the right candidate to take over the presidency. After all, he said mean things about Muslims and Mexicans and threatened to blow up the entire government. But despite the fact that Trump has already caused significant damage and issued executive orders targeting Muslims and Latinos, Coulter is apparently moving closer toward saying that Trump s opponents were right. I m not very happy with what has happened so far,  Coulter told the Daily Caller.  I guess we have to try to push him to keep his promises. But this isn t North Korea, and if he doesn t keep his promises I m out. This is why we voted for him. I think everyone who voted for him knew his personality was grotesque, it was the issues. Indeed, even what Trump said about grabbing women by their genitals without their consent was not enough to turn Coulter against him. All the sexual assault allegations, the business fraud, and the complete lack of knowledge about how government and the world works did not sway Coulter at all. She voted for Trump and sang his praises by writing books in support of him.Even the evidence that Trump is not even close to being the deal maker he bragged to be was not enough. Yet, Coulter is now whining about how terrible Trump is at negotiating as if she wasn t previously warned. Where is the great negotiation?  she asked.  Where is the bull in the china shop we wanted? That budget the Republicans pushed through was like a practical joke  Did we win anything? And this is the great negotiator? Coulter then conceded that  things don t look good  and compared Trump s presidency to a road trip gone wrong.It s not like I m out yet, but boy, things don t look good. I ve said to other people,  It s as if we re in Chicago and Trump tells us he s going to get us to LA in six days. But for the first three days we are driving towards New York. Yes, it is true he can still turn around and get us to LA in three days, but I m a little nervous.Coulter even admits that at least one thing Trump has done is fascist.I have from the beginning been opposed to Trump hiring any of his relatives. Americans don t like that, I don t like that. That s the one fascist thing he s done. Hiring his kids.Yeah, never mind the deportation force that is literally rounding up Latinos like the Nazis did to the Jews. Never mind the fact Trump has signed executive orders targeting people just because of their religious beliefs. Never mind the fact that Trump is aligned with the interests of corporations. Never mind that he treats women like shit. Never mind that he has repeatedly attacked the free press and uses Fox News as his personal propaganda machine. Coulter thinks Trump has just done one fascist thing by giving his daughter an office in the White House. Somebody needs to give Coulter a refresher course on what fascism is.Trump s poll numbers continue to drop and his policies are set to destroy millions of lives and put the world on course for World War III but Coulter still isn t ready to turn against him just yet despite using words like  nightmare  and  disaster  to describe Trump s tenure thus far.I ll say we had no choice, but the Trump-haters were right It s a nightmare. I can t even contemplate that. Right now I m still rooting for him to turn around and take us toward LA It s just that it has been such a disaster so far.But Coulter did have a choice. The Republican field of candidates in 2016 was bigger than it ever has been. She literally had over a dozen choices. But she chose a whining loudmouth ignoramus over candidates like Jeb Bush or John Kasich, who would have been far better and saner than Trump. She just wants to watch the world burn and she is disappointed that Trump hasn t destroyed it fast enough.Featured image via Flickr",0
1464," Trump’s Lawyer Posts Photo Of His Daughter In Lingerie, Says You’re Just Jealous Of How Hot She Is","There is something really off about Trump and his friends, and their relationships with their own daughters. Infamously, Trump has at several times spoken lustfully over his own daughters. In interviews Trump has freely admitted that he finds his eldest daughter, Ivanka, so attractive that he would likely be dating her if not for the pesky fact that she s related to him. There s also the cringeworthy sex joke he once made while sitting next to Ivanka as the two sat down for an interview.But it s not just Trump. His friends are equally weird about their daughters.Enter Michael Cohen, Trump s close friend and lawyer. On Twitter, Cohen chose to celebrate his daughter s  Ivy League  education by posting a picture of the young woman wearing just a bra and pantyhose.So proud of my Ivy League daughter brains and beauty channeling her Edie Sedgwick. On Instagram @samichka_ pic.twitter.com/mpQxhr3mh3  Michael Cohen (@MichaelCohen212) May 15, 2017Why he chose to focus on her  beauty  and not her  brains  when bragging about her college choice is anyone s guess. Further upping the ick factor, Cohen started responding to critics who were calling him out for the weird photo choice. He suggested they were just jealous that his daughter was so hot.Nearly 12 hours later, Cohen has yet to delete a tweet in which he claims people are jealous that his own daughter is  spank bank material.  As one Twitter user put it:@MichaelCohen212 @bonibrat Jealous? No  Creeped the fuck out? Yup! That s your DAUGHTER!  The MIXX (@TheMIXXRadio) May 15, 2017Like Ivanka, Cohen s daughter seems to be sticking with her father during this father-daughter controversy. In a bizarre move, she retweeted his  jealous  comment and later claimed the whole controversy came from hypocritical Trump haters.  Sure This creepy exchange notwithstanding, Cohen is a piece of work for many reasons. Ostensibly a practicing lawyer, Cohen has repeatedly demonstrated his inability to grasp even basic legal concepts. He struggles even harder with moral ones, particularly when it comes to women. When Trump s ex-wife described how Trump once raped her while the two were married, Cohen argued that wives couldn t be raped by their husbands  by definition. Michael Cohen, special counsel at The Trump Organization, defended his boss, saying,  You re talking about the frontrunner for the GOP, presidential candidate, as well as a private individual who never raped anybody. And, of course, understand that by the very definition, you can t rape your spouse. Despite his dubious legal bona fides, Cohen remains in Trump s orbit because the pair are fiercely loyal to one another.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
1465, The Polls From Trump’s Horrific Week Have Been Released And He’s In A Complete Tailspin,"A recent opinion poll carried out by NBC News/Wall Street Journal showed that 78 percent of Americans, a number that appears to still be growing, would prefer to see an independent commissioner or special prosecutor handle the investigation into Russia s interference in the 2016 US presidential election, while a mere 15 percent believe congress can handle any ongoing probe.Last week was more than just a turbulent time in Washington. President Trump fired FBI head James Comey on Tuesday, the man responsible for the investigation into Trump s Russian ties. This latest poll was conducted between Thursday, May 11 and Saturday, May 13, just days after Comey s ousting, among 800 adults and has an overall margin of error of plus or minus 3.5 percentage points. The firing of the FBI director was a major upheaval in the investigation process, and these poll results reflect the current climate not only around Capitol Hill, but what is a rapidly growing consensus across the nation.Since Comey s dismissal, Trump and several members of his administration have tried to downplay the need for an independent commission to continue what the FBI had begun; looking into questions of Russian interference in last year s election, as well as the possibility of members of Trump s campaign colluding with Moscow. In fact, on Saturday the President stated in no uncertain terms that the investigation should continue to progress in the House, the Senate, the FBI. According to the same poll, only 29 percent of Americans say they approve of Comey s firing, while 38 percent disapprove. Another 32 percent of respondents don t have enough to say on the matter, yet among those who say they have read, seen or heard  a lot  about the firing, 53 percent say they disapprove, versus 33 percent who approve. The poll also showed a partisan split when it comes to the topic of the president s decision, with 58 percent of Republicans approving while 66 percent of Democrats disapprove of the move. One thing that is clear, however, is that very few people surveyed had no opinion at all, with low single-digit responses.As a whole, Trump s approval rating has remained steady at 39 percent since last Tuesday, however, 30 percent of those surveyed claimed that their impression of the president is less favorable since his decision to remove James Comey, while 61 percent say the move hasn t impacted their impression of President Trump whatsoever.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
1466, James Clapper Just Publicly Said Trump Is Destroying Our Democracy (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has been throwing around the false claim that former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said that there was  no evidence  of collusion between him and his campaign and Russia recently, but a CNN interview just destroyed any hope of Trump ever using that again.On Sunday, Clapper told Jake Tapper that Donald Trump and his Russian friends are attacking our democracy: I think in many ways our institutions are under assault both externally   and that s the big news here is the Russian interference in our election system   and I think as well our institutions are under assault internally. Asked if he meant Donald Trump, Clapper responded with one word:  Exactly. The founding fathers, in their genius, created a system of three co-equal branches of government and a built-in system of checks and balances,  Clapper said, adding,  I feel as though that is under assault and is eroding. I think each Senator or Congressman has got to, I hope, will think in terms of their own conscience,  Clapper told Tapper.  I hope they speak up. Clapper also said that Trump is wrong to use him to exonerate himself. The bottom line is I don t know if there was collusion, political collusion,  Clapper said.  I don t know of any evidence to it. So I can t refute it, and I can t confirm it. Watch the interview below:",0
1467, Chris Wallace SCOLDS Fox News Colleagues For Not Covering Comey Firing Seriously (VIDEO),"The hosts of Fox & Friends just got their asses handed to them by one of their own colleagues for protecting Donald Trump so much.For months, the FBI have been investigating Trump s Russia scandal. The scandal continues to grow every day and when Trump fired FBI Director James Comey last week it became and even bigger story.Trump literally fires the head of the agency that is investigating him, which means he interfered in a federal investigation and committed obstruction of justice. The firing also smacks of Watergate because former President Nixon did something similar in an effort to cover up his involvement in the crime.Clearly, Trump is desperately trying to bury the Russia investigation and he is willing to fire people to do it.But Fox & Friends have been Trump s top cheerleaders for months now and they continued in that role after Comey s firing, writing off the story as just mainstream media  hysteria. But they weren t able to get away with it on Sunday while respected journalist and fellow Fox host Chris Wallace was around.Prior to his own show, Wallace made a guest appearance on the morning program and proceeded to scold Pete Hegseth for downplaying Comey s firing. It s been about Russian collusion from the beginning,  Hegseth whined.  His critics have tried to make him look not legitimate. And five days after the firing of Comey, the media is still chomping at the bit with hysteria. Hegseth then played clips focusing more on what Democratic lawmakers have been saying as proof that the media is being  hysterical.  Wallace took immediate offense and defended the media while letting Trump s top propaganda team know that, in fact, this is a major story. But I do take exception to the idea that this is hysteria,  Wallace said. There are some cases there that I shake my head and think that s over the top. Yes. This is a big story. The fact that we re continuing to talk about it a week later. This is the first time in history that a president has fired an FBI director who was conducting an investigation that was directly investigating him and his associates. It s a big story and I think it s a legitimate story to cover. Here s the video via YouTube.So while hacks like the hosts of Fox & Friends are doing Trump s bidding by trying to delegitimize a big story that further highlights how corrupt Trump is, Chris Wallace isn t willing to buy the bullshit they are selling and has no problem calling out them out for not doing their job. If only more Fox hosts were like Chris Wallace, Trump would be in deeper shit.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
1468, KKK Style Mob Chants “Russia Is Our Friend” While Protesting Confederate Statue Removal (VIDEO),"In a scene reminiscent of a horrifying KKK rally, a torch mob chanted highly racist slogans as they descended on a park Saturday night in Charlottesville, Virginia.The crowd claiming to protect their  white heritage  shouted  All White Lives Matter,  and  No More Brother Wars,  in reaction to the proposed removal of the Virginia town park s confederate statue.They were also heard chanting Russia is our friend,  and  You will not replace us.  The protesters also lit tiki torches as it became dark. I m her to take part in this great celebration of our heritage and to say  no  to the city of Charlottesville. You re not going to tear down our statue and you re not going to replace us,  said Richard Spence, white nationalist leader.You ll remember Spence as the asshole who was punched in the face on inauguration day in D.C. Spence lead this protest which received a lot of community backlash   from the same people who are against taking down the statue. This event involving torches at night in Lee Park was either profoundly ignorant or was designed to instill fear in our minority populations in a way that hearkens back to the days of the KKK,  said Charlottesville Mayor Mike Signer, who opposed removing the statues.Listen, Singer, if you disagree with the actions of touch-wielding racists mob, why do you oppose removing the hate-fueling racist statue? I guess it s ok to be racists in Charlottesville as long as you re not holding a torch.Here s the video, courtesy of MSNBC:Featured Image Via Embedded Video Screengrab",0
1469, Trump Gives Newt Gingrich’s Wife Job As Vatican Ambassador In Latest Bit Of Overt Corruption,"Following a pattern of handing jobs to the wives of his best friends, Trump is set to name Callista Gingrich the United States Ambassador to the Vatican   a job she is, naturally, completely unqualified for.Callista Gingrich, the wife of former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, is the preferred nominee to be the next ambassador to the Vatican.As is typical of Trump, he seems to have given little thought to Callista s actual experience before deciding to hook her up with the job. Gingrich s entire  career  section on Wikipedia is three sentences. She hasn t held a job in over a decade. She s never worked in diplomacy. The last of one she had, as a clerk at the House Agriculture Committee, erupted in scandal when it was exposed that Gingrich   so instrumental in pushing for Bill Clinton s impeachment   had been having a six year affair with Callista while the pair worked in Washington.Her only real qualification is that she is a devout Catholic. In fact, despite her starting a relationship with Newt in a lengthy affair, she made him get an annulment of his last marriage in order to get right in the eyes of the Catholic church. Because Newt had been married for 19 years, the couple came up with a particularly disgusting way to justify it. They claimed the 19-year marriage was never valid because Newt s ex-wife had been previously married. (Indeed, Newt had also been previously married but a mixture of misogyny and hypocrisy allowed them to ignore that.)As Trump s corruption scandals continue to grow, he is reportedly retreating further into his close circle of  loyal  enablers. After firing the FBI director for, in part, not pledging loyalty to Trump or listening to his order to drop the Russia investigation, sources in the White House have said that the replacement prospects are being assessed based on their willingness to be Trump s lapdog.Here s a typical rundown:Mr. Trump and his advisers have asked some people whether they believe Mr. Kelly, the former New York police commissioner, would be  loyal,  language similar to what he used in questioning Mr. Comey s effectiveness, according to people briefed on the discussions.Hiring the family members of his allies helps keep those allies loyal. Mitch McConnell s wife, Elaine Chou, is now the Secretary of Transportation. Mike Huckabee s daughter is the deputy press secretary. Trump s own closest adviser is married to his daughter.As a man who walks a very tight rope between impeachment, Trump s impulse seems to be to keep his friends so locked up in his administration that they wouldn t dare move against him. If Newt or Mitch McConnell tried to call for his removal, they would be dooming their own wives along with him. It s a bold play, and corrupt as hell.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images.",0
1470, Did Trump Go Full Nixon? Former Employees Reportedly Saw Him Taping Conversations,"Amateur president Donald Trump sent out a threatening tweet targeting former FBI Director James Comey and it s backfiring. Trump tweeted,  James Comey better hope that there are no  tapes  of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!  Members of Congress have demanded that the former reality show star hand over the alleged tapes for the review. At this moment, team Trump has declined in interviews to address whether tapes exist or not and Comey, for his part, doesn t seem concerned about it. The question over if they exist can be answered by three of Trump s former employees.The former employees and a former associate said it wasn t a surprise to them that Trump would mention taped conversations.The Wall Street Journal reports that Trump sometimes taped phone conversations with associates and others from his Trump Tower office in New York when he was a businessman, according to three people who say they have direct knowledge of the recordings.The former employees said that they were fearful of using their names and another employee said that he had signed a nondisclosure agreement. We do know that the former high-level employees worked for Trump over a span of three decades, so it appears they knew of the goings on at his office and they added that they saw devices in use recording phone calls.It wasn t just three employees.A fourth person said he knew that Mr. Trump had recorded a phone conversation with him because it was later entered into evidence in a lawsuit.During a Fox News interview Friday, Trump was asked whether there might be tape recordings of Comey as he suggested. Trump said,  That I can t talk about. I won t talk about that. Former President Richard Nixon fired Archibald Cox, the special prosecutor assigned to the investigation into his scandal. Sound familiar? The night Cox was fired was called the  Saturday Night Massacre.  Nixon refused Cox s request to release the tapes. Instead, Nixon fired him.Ultimately, Nixon resigned before he could be impeached. The Supreme Court, in a unanimous decision, mandated that the White House release the subpoenaed tapes.The firing of Cox shocked America because it was the first time a president had ever brazenly and abruptly fired an official charged with investigating a president s conduct before. And now it s 2017, and Trump just shocked America by firing the man leading the investigation into his administration s alleged ties to Russia. Before Comey, it was Preet Bharara, then Sally Yates. History repeats itself.It s only a matter of time before we hear Trump say,  I am not a crook! Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images.",0
1471," Texas Moving To Ban Jews, Muslims, and Gays from Adopting","Texas parents looking to adopt may soon be banned by private and state-funded agencies that object to people who are Muslim, Jewish, single, gay, or interfaith couples, under a proposal from the Republican-controlled legislature, according to a report by the Associated Press.Similar laws have been passed in five states allowing adoption organizations the ability to refuse gay parents or members of certain religions the right to adopt. The difference is the Texas rule extends the allowable discrimination to state-funded agencies.Republicans say the bill is designed to support foster care provider and adoption agency religious freedom, many which receive funding from the state.Opponents of the proposal are vocal about it robbing children of stable families and using taxpayer dollars to discriminate against hopeful parents. This would allow adopting agencies to turn away qualified, loving parents who are perhaps perfect in every way because the agency has a difference in religious belief. It goes against the best interest of the child.  said the Human Rights Campaign senior legislative counsel, Catherine Oakley. The bill also blatantly violates the Constitution. As a governmental entity, Texas is bound to treat people equally under the law,  states Oakley.  This is a violation of equal protection under the law. An Austin-based attorney Suzanne Bryant who works with LGBTQ clients explains that in addition to using religious freedom to turn away parents looking to adopt, it could also force foster children to comply with these discriminatory requirements.Unfortunately, this could mean welfare organizations have the ability to send LGBTQ children to conversion therapy, which the American Health Organization considers a  serious threat to the health and well-being of affected people.  They could also prevent access to contraception and abortions for young people in the system.This is sad news for hopeful adoptive parents and children in Texas, and a blatant violation of the constitution.Featured image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
1472, Kellyanne Conway Just Can’t Stop Talking About Anderson Cooper’s Eye Roll (VIDEO),"With nothing else important going on in the world, White House counselor Kellyanne Conway doubled-down on Anderson Cooper because she s so offended that he rolled his eyes during an interview a few days ago in which she tried to defend her boss over the bizarre timing of James Comey s termination as Director of the FBI. Just like last Thursday, Conway again said that Cooper was  probably sexist  because he rolled his eyes. Last Thursday, instead of addressing the issue at hand, Conway brought up Trump s election victory in Michigan, but the subject was Comey. I turned [the question] around as I often do,  Conway told Fox News host Howard Kurtz.  And he rolled his eyes, possibly sexist   definitely, what I call Trumpist, which many people who go on TV are treated like house guests. And then when we go on TV, we re not. Conway said that there s a  quest to go viral  with interviewers when they tell White House staffers that their arguments  make no sense  or say that they  must be lying. It really doesn t help democracy,  she said.  We re faced with people with the feigned, pained look; the furrowed brow, the curled lip anytime someone tries to say something, including the president. The obsession with every [Trump] tweet and every comment,  Conway whined.  And not covering the jobs numbers, not covering the amazing trade deal that we just made with China. It s like,  Trade deal on beef with China. Yawn.  That s news! Watch:Coway is triggered over an eye roll which she deems to be  sexist  while she works for a man who thinks grabbing women by their genitals is OK if you re in a powerful position. Conway went to her safe place at Fox News to talk about an eye roll while her boss, Donald J. Trump, is plagued with scandals. Team Trump isn t even good at deflecting anymore.As far as Conway s claim that people are obsessed over Trump s tweets, it s conservatives who have recently agreed with the alleged president   he should cancel all press briefings and just use Twitter. So, yeah, his tweets are important and he uses the social site as his podium. Words mean things. Well, they used to   before Trump.Image via screen capture. ",0
1473, Alec Baldwin And Melissa McCarthy Probably Just Put The Final Nail In Sean Spicer’s Coffin (VIDEO),"Everyone knows that Donald Trump absolutely HATES Melissa McCarthy s portrayal of White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer. Well, this week s edition of SNL certainly will not please The Donald, because McCarthy s  Spicey  came back with a vengeance.The segment opened with Aidy Bryant doing an absolutely PERFECT impression of Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the Deputy Press Secretary and daughter of former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee, filling in for Spicer as she has been doing all week since Trump fired FBI Director James Comey and sent Washington reeling once again. Huckabee Sanders  points out that she is doing  Spicer s  job because he is on Naval Reserve duty. However, in this episode, he is outside in the bushes, just as the real Sean Spicer did in a pathetic attempt to hide from reporters after the Comey news broke. Bryant s Huckabee Sanders insisted that this was part of a Naval Reserve exercise, though.Then, a couple of members of the White House Press Corps asked if  Huckabee Sanders  could replace  Spicer  permanently. Before she could answer,  Spicer  bursts in with a fire extinguisher and blasts a reporter s pants with it, insinuating that he was lying by pointing out all of  Spicer s  flaws.A reliably contentious press conference followed, focusing on the fallout from the Comey situation, just as press briefings have all week in real time. After Spicer finally ends the briefing abruptly, he rides to New York City to find Alec Baldwin s Trump. Of course,  Trump  is not at Trump Tower, so he then continues on to one of Trump s golf properties, where he asks Trump if he is about to be replaced by his Deputy Press Secretary. Trump  assures Spicey that he is safe, and then gives him a dramatic kiss   the kiss of death.The real Donald Trump is going to be absolutely furious with this. Further, rabidly homophobic Mike Pence will insist that Spicer has to go now that SNL has taken to mocking him and Trump with same-sex kisses.This will definitely fall under the heading   in Trump s mind, of course   of making his employee look weak.I d be willing to bet we ve seen just about the last of the real life Spicey. That isn t so bad, though I will miss Melissa McCarthy s version.Watch the hilarious segment below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
1474, Half The World’s Salmon Supply Threatened As Trump’s EPA Withdraws Alaskan Mining Restrictions,"The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency gave the go-ahead on Friday for a massive copper and gold mining operation to seek permits to mine the headwaters of an Obama-era protected world-class fishery in southwest Alaska.After an agreement through a court settlement, the EPA will start withdrawing restrictions on mining development in the Bristol Bay region, a pristine Alaskan fishery that provides the world with half of its sockeye salmon.This unfortunate agreement comes only four months after Trump came into office, which the Pebble mine supporters hoped would be their ticket to big money through Trump s promises of environmental deregulation.Environmental rights groups are worried this agreement will act as a dangerous precedent for industry to challenge the EPA in court on environmental issues they previously wouldn t have gone after during the Obama Administration. It obviously sends a psychological message to big mining companies that if they were nervous about getting permits in the past   that this is their golden opportunity to get their mine through the process.  said Brett Harti, the government affairs director for the center for biological Diversity environment group.It s being called a  backdoor deal  by critics and a  slap in the face  to the citizens of the Bristol Bay region who petitioned to keep the region protected.The Pebble company sued the EPA in federal court claiming the agency colluded with environmental groups to block the mining project. The suit followed an EPA study that concluded the proposed large-scale mining posed a siginificant risk to the region s salmon and cause adverse effects to Alaskan Natives who based their culture around the salmon resources in the area. The EPA inspector general found no evidence that the EPA predetermined the outcome of the study in any way. Protecting Bristol Bay from the Pebble Mine has been a priority issue for the hook-and-bullet community for 10 years. This was a real test for President Trump, who said all the right things to sportsmen during the election,  said Scott Hed, the director of the Sportsman s Alliance for Alaska. This is a direct assault on our values. America s hunters and anglers are extremely disappointed but we will not let up in the fight to protect Bristol Bay. Photo by: Sergi Reboredo/VW Pics/UIG via Getty Images",0
1475, WHOA! Donald Trump Is Going To Lose His F*cking Mind When He Sees SNL’s Cold Open (VIDEO),"Saturday Night Live has been mocking Donald Trump mercilessly week after week. But tonight, Alec Baldwin went no holds barred and gave his most brutal (and hilarious) performance yet.The skit spoofed Trump s interview with Lester Holt and from start to finish, they nailed Trump to the wall. The scariest part about the beginning of this hilarious segment was that when it came to the serious issues, the punchline is that this isn t really fiction.SNL started off with Trump s firing of FBI Director James Comey, which everybody knows was over Russia. And things got harsher from there. Everything was on the table, from Paul Ryan s ass kissing to Trump s teeny weeny, there was no holding back.Trust me, you don t want to miss this one. You really have to see it for yourself. Not only for your own entertainment pleasure but so you will know exactly what Trump will be ranting about for the rest of the week.Trump is sure to lose his ever-loving mind when he sees SNL s skit and it is not going to be pretty. I, for one, cannot wait. We can fully be expecting to see a Twitter meltdown coming from him in three two one Featured image via video screen capture",0
1476, Trump Tweeted Nine Times To Deleted Russian Twitter Accounts And No One Is Talking About It,"Trump s long record of tweet-before-think action has gotten him into some hot water in the past, but somehow a few weird pre-POTUS tweets from November 2014 through January 2015 went largely unnoticed by the media.During the five months before officially announcing his bid to run for the Presidency, Mr. Trump shot off nine very strange tweets about running for President to two Russian accounts.These tweets which are currently still live   for now  are re-tweets from @VladimirRussia7 and @russiannavyblog, which accounts have since been deactivated. Tagged in these tweets are human rights activist Dr. Rita Pal, someone belonging to the handle @russia890, and @monkiekaty.""@russiannavyblog: @dr_rita39 I follow Mr. Trump in a crusade to get him to restore Western Civilization with a Trump/Palin '16 ticket!""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 23, 2014""@VladimirRussia7: ""@realDonaldTrump :Be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions. Push yourself, you can do it. Think Big!""""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 20, 2014""@VladimirRussia7: ""@realDonaldTrump :Be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions. Push yourself, you can do it. Think Big!""""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 20, 2014""@VladimirRussia7: @realDonaldTrump Merry Christmas,my favorite billionaire!"" Thanks!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 24, 2014""@VladimirRussia7: @realDonaldTrump and @mcuban and @WarrenBuffett are my favorite billionaires and heroes.""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 27, 2014""@VladimirRussia7: @realDonaldTrump Oh,How I respect you- a billionaire,a family man,and a TV Star!"" Thanks.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 17, 2015""@VladimirRussia7 @realDonaldTrump You are the best #billionare and the great teacher!I love your inspiring books!"" Thanks and good luck.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 30, 2015""@russiannavyblog: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC An announcement Mr Trump will run for President and fix the Obama-ruined nation?""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 31, 2015""@russiannavyblog: @Joe3957 @jwil444 @DNorrell @greta @StateDept @FoxNews If there is anything America desperately needs, it's a Trump run!""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 12, 2015""@monkiekaty: @realDonaldTrump @russiannavyblog @Joe3957 @jwil444 @DNorrell @greta @StateDept @FoxNews Yes! Yes! Yes! Trump for President?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 12, 2015In these tweets, Trump is continually quoting someone named Vladimir who was pretty obviously hinting that Trump was about to run for President. These tweets are really weird, but even more strange is the fact that Trump-ripping world of pissed off citizens and media haven t picked up on these tweets until Paste Magazine reported about them on May 9th.It s unlikely that @VladimirRussia7 is Vladimir Putin, so what the hell is going on here? What would provoke Trump to quote tweets calling him  the great teacher  in broken English at Christmas-time from some random unverified dude name Vlad? Well, this is Trump we are talking about, but FIVE, from the same unimportant nobody? Maybe Trump THOUGHT he was tweeting Putin? Or, maybe he wanted people to think Putin was an admirer? He was up to something, even if he didn t realize he was making it public.It seems like there have been many attempts in the past to erase the identities of Trumps Twitter friends, as a total of 175 Twitter accounts that Trump quoted have now disappeared, according to the  Social Puncher data tracker. @VladimirRussia7 is one of the forever lost accounts. Fortunately for us, the second deleted Twitter account @russiannavyblog, is a hilarious story. It seems an ex-CIA Russian warship expert was trolling Trump, but he still doesn t get the joke.According to the Paste article, an ex-CIA Trump-hater who went by the handle @russiannavyblog, was pissed at Trump for calling McCain a  loser  for being captured in Vietnam. When trump tried to defend himself by retweeting a picture of a Vietnam vet, it turned out to be a hoax picture of Jefferey MacDonald, convicted murderer.  Amazingly, the person who originally tweeted that picture at Trump was @russiannavyblog, with the original caption  My bad ass Vietnam vet dad has balls too which is why he s voting Trump! Now if that s not hilarious enough, it seems in September @russiannavyblog trolled him again about Trump s draft dodging. This Navyblog trickster got Trump to make fun of himself by such talented wit that Tump mistook him for a supporter!Can you believe our idiot President took this tweet for an endorsement? We really do have a shit-for-brains President:""@russiannavyblog: @dr_rita39 I follow Mr. Trump in a crusade to get him to restore Western Civilization with a Trump/Palin '16 ticket!""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 23, 2014 ",0
1477, Comey’s 9-Year Old Neighbor Just SHAMED Trump And His Temperament With This AMAZING Gesture,"Former FBI Director James Comey is, no doubt, just trying to get on with his life right now after being unceremoniously stripped of his job by an administration prone to temper tantrums worthy of three-year old children. Press and others are apparently camped outside Comey s Virginia home, and one of his very young neighbors thinks that just isn t right. So she decided to see if she could brighten his day with a little gift   fresh-baked chocolate chip cookies.So how is this little girl, named Abby, more mature than an old man named Donald Trump? Well, besides the obvious problems with Trump and his hypersensitive response to everything, it s the reason why she delivered cookies to Comey. Her mother told a reporter that Abby said: We ve spent a lot of time talking about how kindness and empathy are the most important ways for us to engage [with] people regardless of if we agree with or understand their positions.In [Director] Comey s case, Abby said  I wanted him to know we respect him for his career of service. That s not all, though. Abby actually sent a note with the cookies that said: We are proud to be your neighbor and thank you for all you have done for America. Love: Abby Grace. Reports from the White House saying Comey had lost the respect of his rank-and-file agents seem to be inaccurate and designed to prop up Trump s decision, made in the heat of a tantrum where Trump was just fed up with having someone in his service who wouldn t fall meekly in line behind him. In other words, Trump and his minions basically lied in order to make that tantrum look like a legit dismissal, rather than Trump stomping his feet and screaming,  Wah wah wah!! Comey won t play by my rules! He s being a big meanie-head! Trump demonstrated his schoolyard-bully mentality when he threatened Comey over Twitter:James Comey better hope that there are no  tapes  of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017Abby wasn t having any of it. Her mother told reporters this, too: FBI Director Comey lives in our neighborhood, and, as you would imagine   there were a lot of reporters at the foot of his driveway today. Abby thought that was quite inhospitable. Lots of reporters haunting your driveway can make you want to stay inside all the time just to avoid answering the same questions over and over and being generally hounded. In Comey s case, those questions probably involve things he can t actually discuss. Abby must have felt that Comey needed a pick-me-up: Well   either a 9 year old in a parochial school uniform dress doesn t look very threatening- or the smell of the choc chip cookies was so good that the security detail could smell them from the other side of the gate  . in either case, Abby Grace just hand delivered a dozen cookies fresh from the oven. She walked up, shook the hand of the 6 10  agent, introduced herself, and, hopefully made Director Comey s day a little bit better! We hope so, too. To be clear, Abby didn t do this to shame Trump, she did it because she hoped it would make her neighbor feel better. That s what makes it so awesome, and why it puts Trump to a high level of shame.Featured image by Molly Riley-Pool via Getty Images",0
1478, Lindsey Graham: Trump Should Be Treated With The Same Respect Republicans Gave Obama,"We re wondering if Sen. Lindsey Graham (R) is OK. He just doesn t seem to be himself lately. The South Carolina Republican was so fiercely critical of alleged president Donald Trump, but that s all suddenly changed now. Graham, who once called Trump a  jackass,  praised the amateur president on Saturday as a leader who is open-minded  and is even willing to reach out for help, even late at night, according to the Washington Examiner. What have I learned about our president? He s curious, he asks questions, and he knows no fear,  Graham said in his remarks at the South Carolina Republican convention.  And he s under siege unlike any president I ve ever seen in my entire life   They don t believe he won; I do. Now Obama was somewhat hard for us, but I thought we were somewhat respectful,  Graham added without one bit of irony whatsoever.Graham then went to on to disrespect former President Barack Obama by calling him a  community organizer who apologized for America every turn all over the world. Let me tell you that you have a commander in chief that s not going to let this country get walked over anymore,  he said.And that s really cute, don t you think? He said that of Obama who had 20 years of experience under his belt before taking the job as President while praising a former reality show star who had zero experience in politics. He calls and I m honored that he would call me and I want to help him,  he said.  He calls me when I m asleep and he calls me after I go to bed. I wish he would rest more. I gave him my phone number. So far so good. It s nice he has a cozy relationship with a man who just recently penned him a letter to assure him that he has no connections to Russia. Lindsey Graham requested that information. Trump s lawyers said in the letter that a review of the last 10 years of Trump s tax returns revealed that he has no income from Russia  with a few exceptions. Here s the kicker: The law firm who sent the letter actually has deep ties to   wait for it   Russia. Lindsey Graham appeared to be that one Republican with a spine willing to call out the White House, but now he s rolling over while claiming that Republicans respected Obama. Democrats are just being big ol  meanies to the man who is plagued in scandals while only 120ish days into the job.Trump, for the record, is the same man who dogged Obama for years, insisting that our first black President was actually a scary Muslim from Kenya. Obama did not have conflicts of interest. The biggest scandal at this same amount of time during Obama s presidency was that he put Dijon mustard on his hamburger. That was the big scandal featured on Fox News for a week. In contrast, Trump has a massive amount of conflicts of interest.Sure, Lindsey, we ll give Trump the same respect Republicans gave Obama. No problem!Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images.",0
1479, Desperate Trump Considers Dumping Spicer For Fox News Host,"Desperate to look better in the public eye after the media frenzy surrounding the firing of James Comey, President Trump is looking for help from Fox News, according to a report from the Associated Press.According to this report, an anonymous White House official says Trump is  Mulling expanding the communications team and has eyed hiring producers from Fox News.  We ve seen how angry Trump became from the fallout of his Comey firing, and according to the both the New York Times and the Associated Press, Trump is blaming the disaster on his communications team. The report states that according to personal relations of the president, he  increasingly sees himself as the White House s only effective spokesperson. The White House is scrambling to make excuses and sources told the AP that the President  does not believe his team gave contradictory stories about his decision to fire Comey, despite the fact that the White House s explanation changed dramatically over a 48-hour period. Two White House sources spoke out over Trump s  overly harsh criticism  of press secretary Sean Spicer, and others revealed that Trump has been discussing replacing Spicer because of his dissatisfaction with Spicer. According to some to Trump allies, he may even be considering Fox News host Kimberly Guilfoyle.The longtime Trump ally Sean Hannity from Fox News has said in response to the Comey fallout that Trump should stop having White House press briefings altogether. If the propaganda destroy-Trump media  if they re gonna smear and slander him and his administration and his family and lie about facts and what he s done, why bother,  said Hannity.  Why waste the energy trying to appease people who obviously hate his guts and want to destroy him. We ll see how far Trump goes to destroy the media s role in governmental checks and balances to save face in light of his latest scandal.Featured image by Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1480, Dan Rather Brilliantly Rips Trump’s Lawless Week In SCATHING Facebook Post,"Donald Trump has had what is arguably the most bizarre week in the history of the American presidency. He has careened from outrage to outrage, lie to lie, and lawless action to lawless action   all in the span of five days, starting with his firing of FBI Director James Comey because he threw a massive tantrum over the Trump-Russia collusion investigation. Well, there is one respected American who has had about enough of Trump s acting as if he is above the law: journalist Dan Rather.Rather took to his Facebook page to rip Trump to shreds as only he can. He begins by talking about how long he s lived and how many presidencies he s lived through   including Richard Nixon s   and then moves on to the extraordinary disgrace that is the Donald Trump presidency. Rather says, in part:But I have never seen a week where a president of our nation has behaved with such a cavalier disregard for the norms and institutions of our democracy. And it now seems like the investigation is expanding into Trump s business dealings. The comparisons with Richard Nixon are plentiful these days, but even he did not seem so untethered from our basic governance. And I have never seen so many members of a political party rally around incompetence, intemperance, and inanity.Dan Rather is correct. Donald Trump makes Richard Nixon look like a boy scout. Trump is downright dangerous, and he must be restrained. If only the Congress would do their jobs and speak out, and act as the check on this president that they are supposed to be. Hell, they were more than happy to be a check on President Obama   and he didn t even do anything that was lawless.This is the Republican Party putting partisan politics and their own political futures above the good of the republic. It is shameful, and that is why we must vote them out of Congress in 2018.Mr. Rather, thank you for speaking truth to power. We need voices like yours in these dark and dire times.Read the entire brilliant post below:Featured image via Kirk Irwin/Getty Images for SiriusXM",0
1481, Warren Drags Trump Sideways In Brutal Commencement Speech — It’s Beautiful (VIDEO),"If there s one Democrat that Donald Trump is scared sh*tless of, it s Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.). Warren was a massive thorn in Trump s side during his presidential campaign, and she certainly hasn t let up after he got into the White House. And now that Trump has pissed Democrats off by firing FBI Director James Comey, he s probably regretful that one of them is Warren.Warren s feelings about Trump s shady firing of Comey were made known on Friday, when Warren gave a commencement address at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. During her speech, she basically wiped the floor with Trump, encouraging the UMass graduates to get involved in political causes and join the resistance. Warren slammed Trump s firing of Comey when she said: I m trying to keep this apolitical but I can t help myself   the principle that no one, no one in this country is above the law and we need a Justice Department, not an obstruction of justice department. And she didn t stop there. Warren made sure to criticize all of Trump s helpers equally, even mocking Kellyanne Conway for her  alternative facts.  Warren joked: Go online and read the facts, not the alternative facts the real facts. I have to say I had never thought we would need a modifier for facts. Warren made sure to trash the spineless Republicans that have helped Trump succeed as well. Zeroing in on Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), Warren observed that nudging graduates to get involved in policy wouldn t make her  Ms. Popularity.  Then she quipped: I think as long as Mitch McConnell is running the Senate that s out of reach for me. This was a speech where Warren let loose on the GOP and Trump administration, and we couldn t be more proud. Warren has been a powerful voice in fighting Trump s disgraceful agenda, and we need her to inspire America s youth more than ever. You can watch her speech below: America needs your commitment,  Sen. Warren tells UMass graduates at commencement https://t.co/Pur56UvEFh  masslivenews (@masslivenews) May 13, 2017Featured image is a screenshot",0
1482, BUSTED: Trump’s Pick For Top USDA Scientist Is NOT A Scientist At All,"The USDA, responsible for everything from our food safety to climate change, is soon to get a new Chief Scientist who under the 2008 Farm Bill will be chosen  from among distinguished scientist with significant experience in agricultural research, education, and economics.  The problem is, Trump s choice for this high-responsibility position is Sam Clovis, who has none of these credentials.Clovis is a business professor at Morningside College, is publicly skeptical of climate change and has never even taken a science course during his graduate studies. What s worse is that he is most known for being a conservative talk show radio host for  Impact with Sam Clovis  in Iowa. Touting that the only reason Obama wasn t impeached was because of his race, he came out as a fierce pro-Trump advocate while running an unsuccessful camping for Senate in 2014.As the current senior White House advisor for the USDA, Clovis has been described as  Trump s eyes and ears  at the agency. Clovis also takes credit for recruiting Carter Page, Trump s foreign policy advisor who s being scrutinized for his ties to Russia.The appointment of Clovis as the USDA Chief Scientist was compared to appointing someone without any medical credentials to lead the National Institutes of Health, by Obama Administration Scientists.Clovis has expressed repeatedly that he does not believe in climate change, and has called efforts for climate action  simply a mechanism for transferring wealth from one group of people to another.  He has promised that the Trump USDA will take a new direction, focusing on lessening regulation and boosting trade, rather than addressing climate change.Catherine Woteki, a Ph.D. holder in nutrition and the USDA s undersecretary for research states,  access to safe food and clean air and water is absolutely fundamental to personal security,  and adding that scientific research is critical to the job.  Food system are widely recognized by the national security community as being part of critical infrastructure. It looks like our access to safe food, fresh water, and clean air are now in the hands of non-scientists who wants to use the USDA for capital gains instead of the security of our natural resources.Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
1483, It’s ON: Comey Refuses To Testify Before Intelligence Committee Unless The Hearing Is Public,"When former FBI director James Comey refused to testify before Congress in a closed session, it seemed odd to many who have been paying attention to the Donald Trump/Russia scandal. Comey was fired shortly after requesting more funding for the investigation into Trump and his associates  likely collusion with Russia. In Comey s termination letter, Donald Trump thanked him for confirming three times that he was not under investigation   though Comey s colleagues say no such thing happened.According to numerous reports, Comey had begun receiving daily   rather than weekly   reports on the investigation in the time before he was fired. So why was he unwilling to testify? Because he wants this shit to go down in public.One of Comey s associates strategically leaked to the New York Times that Comey would be willing to speak :Mr. Comey made no comment, but later in the day he declined a request to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Tuesday. According to a close associate of Mr. Comey, he is willing to testify, but wants it to be in public.The matter arose in a series of early-morning Twitter messages in which Mr. Trump appeared agitated over news reports on contradictory accounts of his decision to fire Mr. Comey, which came at the same time the F.B.I. is investigating ties between Mr. Trump s associates and Russia. Among other things, he threatened to cancel future White House briefings.The White House s original version of the story was that the president had acted on the recommendation of the attorney general and deputy attorney general and fired Mr. Comey because of his handling of last year s investigation into Hillary Clinton s emails. But in an interview with NBC News on Thursday, Mr. Trump said he had already decided to fire Mr. Comey and would have done so regardless of any recommendation. He also indicated that he was thinking about the Russia investigation when he decided.What does Comey know? Trump, who demanded a loyalty pledge multiple times that the ousted director turned down, recently threatened to release  tapes  of their conversations. Trump did not say what was on these alleged tapes, but The Donald s Nixonian outburst reveals that he s incredibly nervous about whatever it is that Comey knows.As for Comey? He hopes there are tapes.A source close to Comey told me this morning:  He hopes there are tapes. That would be perfect.  Ken Dilanian (@KenDilanianNBC) May 12, 2017Featured image via screengrab",0
1484, Chris Wallace Just Shoved His Foot So Far Up Trump’s Ass It Came Out His Mouth (VIDEO),"Donald Trump may spend his time furiously tweeting that the Russia investigation   the one over which he fired FBI Director James Comey after he requested additional resources   is FAKE NEWS, while simultaneously complaining about leaks of classified information that is simultaneously FAKE NEWS and real information, but the rest of us see through his actions that not only is our alleged President hiding about a billion skeletons in his closet, but he has sold out our nation. This is, at this point, something that can be considered a truth   because even Fox News can t avoid commenting on The Donald and his administration s shady practices. When I heard that exchange today between Jeff Mason, White House reporter, and Sean Spicer speaking from the podium in the briefing room for the President of the United States, it took my breath away,  Wallace told fellow Fox host Shep Smith on Friday, adding:That was what in Watergate they called a non-denial denial. He was asked specifically, is there a recording device in the Oval Office of the President of the United States? He said,  I have nothing for you on that.  He could have said no. He could have said yes. He said I have nothing for you on that. That is a non-denial denial. Look, it may just be that the President is trolling the press corps and saying work yourself into a frenzy about this and turns out it nothing. But why would he do that? Why would he want to decrease the credibility which is already in question of this White House and comments that are made from that podium? It seems to me that you re playing a very dangerous game with the currency of the credibility of the President of the United States. Every step he s taken this week has cut into the credibility of this White House, the trust of the people inside the White House,  Wallace said,  and clearly I think the trust that the American people pay to this President and to his White House staff. I ve never seen anything like it and I find it very troubling and troubled. I just don t understand the game that they re playing,  he added.  Cause it isn t a game. Watch Wallace tear Trump limb from stupid limb below:featured image via screengrab",0
1485," Michelle Obama TORCHES Donald Trump: ‘It’s Not About Politics, It’s About Parenting!’","Barack and Michelle Obama are incredibly smart, articulate and charming. They came from relatively modest backgrounds and the Obama administration was nearly completely scandal free. So why wouldn t Republicans vote for the man whose only real promise was to be the anti-Obama?Well, they got the anti-Obama. Donald Trump is rude, crude and without class or charm. His IQ, or at least his communication skills, are below that of your average 5th grader and in fewer than four months, he has racked up more scandals than any President in history, On the governing front, we ll he s been the anti-Obama there too. He s trying to overturn every single Obama accomplishment, including Michelle s efforts at ensuring that poor children receive at least some nutrition at school, which for Republicans, is a step too far.Now, the Trump administration is putting a stop to those evil healthy lunches. Agriculture Secretary Sunny Perdue is delaying requirements for schools to have reduced sodium in lunches and he is issuing waivers so schools won t have to serve whole grains. Yes, depriving children of healthy lunches is petty and petulant, but that s the way the Trump administration rolls, so Michelle Obama weighed in.Speaking at an annual health conference in Washington, D.C., Obama said more nutritious school lunches are important since millions of kids eat federally subsidized school breakfast and lunch. Without mentioning President Donald Trump, she said parents should stop and  think about why someone is OK with your kids eating crap. If we want to make this country great, our kids need to be healthy,  Obama said.  Not some, but all. Source: NBC ChicagoMichelle also took aim at the GOP argument that she was helping to create a nanny state by attempting to regulate school lunches. In the perfectly crafted response, she pointed instead at the oligarchy, which lets corporations make the decisions for us: You want to talk about nanny state and government intervention, well,  you just buy the food and be quiet and you don t need to know what is in it,'  Obama said.  That is essentially what a move like this is saying to you moms. She even used Trump s own words against him, saying that if we want to Make America Great, we need healthy children. It does seem pretty simple, doesn t it?Featured image via Gerardo Mora/Getty Images",0
1486," Ex-FBI Tears Trump To Pieces, Wonders ‘Who’s In Charge of This Country?’ (VIDEO)","All Americans, and indeed the entire world, should be very afraid of what is going on with Donald Trump s presidency. Many people have voiced those concerns publicly, and one of them is former FBI Special Agent Clinton Watts.On Friday, Watts appeared on MSNBC to discuss Trump s threatening tweet directed at now-former FBI Director James Comey, and his remarks were most extraordinary. First, he addressed Trump s tweet. He s threatening somebody he already fired. He would make passive threats to the FBI Director via Twitter before he fired him. He s saying he might taping recordings of you to use against you later. It s not the rule of law, it s the rule of Trump. Watts then turned to the fact that Trump really doesn t seem to be running the nation at all. This is evident to anyone watching the chaos unfold on a daily basis, of course. He continued: He s obviously not working right now or in charge, he s sitting watching TV and tweeting. Who is in charge of this country? This is a different level of seriousness, in terms of this tweet this morning. This is getting more and more grave by the day. Trump is drunk with power and abusing it. The White House is in chaos, its spokespeople seem to have no idea what to say to the American public. Everyone in the administration lies routinely to the American public. And now, most grave of all, we have this out of control president threatening the man he just fired   a man who happened to be leading up an investigation into the president himself. The firing itself seems like obstruction of justice, and the threat is even worse.Congress, if ever there was a time for you to do your jobs and check and balance Donald Trump, it s now. This man is ripping our democracy apart before our very eyes, and you re sitting by and letting it happen.Watch Clint Watts rip Trump apart below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
1487, WATCH: Chomsky Explains Why The GOP Is The ‘Most Dangerous Organization In Human History’,"Linguistics professor and political commentator Noam Chomsky has come out with a shocking statement about the Republican party. We ve all known that Republicans are pretty much the scum of the earth today, but Chomsky warns they are the most dangerous organization  in human history. During an interview with BBC s  Newsnight  Wednesday with host Evan Davis, Mr. Chomsky quickly addressed the Republican Party, saying that they are worse than the Islamic State terrorist group or anyone else who have caused millions of casualties during the 20th century.Chomsky agreed his statement was outrageous but made it hit home when comparing the Republican part to ISIS.  Is ISIS dedicated to trying to destroy the prospects for organized human existence? He went on to explain,  What does it mean to say not only are we not doing anything about climate change, but we re trying to accelerate the race to the precipice?  he said.  It doesn t matter whether they genuinely believe it or not if the consequence of that is,  let s use more fossil fuels, let s refuse to subsidize developing countries, let s eliminate regulations that reduce greenhouse gases.  If that s the consequence, that s extremely dangerous. Chomsky has a real point. The rate at which the GOP is deregulating industry and ignoring the effects of climate change, the world will see levels of human suffering that have never been experienced in history.Watch the video here:",0
1488, McConnell Says He’ll Obstruct ANY Effort To Hire Independent Special Prosecutor,"Siding with Trump s Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Trump s spokesperson, McConnell told America from the floor of the Senate that he sees no reason to assign an independent special prosecutor or create a bipartisan committee to get to the bottom of Trump s relationship to Russia.JUST NOW: McConnell says new investigation will only impede current work on Russia investigations.(so no special prosecutor or committee)  John Berman (@JohnBerman) May 10, 2017McConnell was rebuffing Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer s renewed call for an independent investigator. I have said from the get-go that I think a special prosecutor is the way to go, but now with what s happened it is the only way to go,  Schumer told reporters on Tuesday.Instead, McConnell said he would leave that up to the FBI   and let Jeff Sessions handpick Comey s  interim  (read: non-confirmed) FBI head, something that is not standard procedure.News: AG Sessions & Deputy AG Rosenstein interviewing potential interim FBI directors today, according to a DOJ official (@LauraAJarrett)  David Wright (@DavidWright_CNN) May 10, 2017Another deeply disturbing sign they need a handpicked interim Director? Why is the default, Andy McCabe, not sufficient? https://t.co/92pagYV5e7  Ned Price (@nedprice) May 10, 2017By picking the next FBI director outside of the typical process   and circumventing a confirmation hearing   the White House hopes to get an ally in the middle of the investigation   another strong motive for firing Comey in the first place. Even if a full-time replacement eventually comes along, the dysfunction and partisanship created in this scenario could make the entire case dissolve. If you were a witness who knew of criminal wrongdoing from someone on Trump s team and you just watched the FBI director get fired and replaced by someone handpicked by Trump s close friend would you want to come forward? It s clear Trump sure hopes not.McConnell is enabling all of this. As usual. In a show of loyalty to the president, McConnell slammed Democrats who had called for an independent investigation and instead went on a lengthy rant about Obamacare and what he thought of as  Democratic hypocrisy. Senator McConnell has decided to side with the White House in their spin that they fired Director Comey as a favor to Democrats.  Matt House (@mattwhouse) May 10, 2017In a moment where the country can be said to be facing a real constitutional crisis, McConnell is choosing to smear his Democratic enemies and stand with undemocratic strongarm tactics from a president. It was a disgusting display of partisanship in the face of an unprecedented move by a sitting president to silence his critics and kill an investigation into his own wrongdoing. Having watched McConnell spend a decade refining the art of obstruction, it appears that this final act of obstruction of justice will be his masterpiece.Featured image via Aaron P. Bernstei /Stringer via Getty Images",0
1489, Ex-CIA Official: Someone Needs To Give Trump A Binky And ‘Put Him In The Crib’ (VIDEO),"The current occupant of the White House took to his Twitter account on Friday to issue a threat to former FBI Director James Comey. According to  White House press secretary Sean Spicer, though, the threat wasn t really a threat.  That s not a threat,  Spicer said during the crazy-time press briefing.  He simply stated a fact. The tweet speaks for itself.  Well, former CIA official Philip Mudd somewhat agrees with Spicer. He said he s  breathing a sigh of relief  after Trump s Twitter storm because it can t be taken seriously. Mudd said that Trump cannot intimidate the FBI. You feel like you have to give the President of the United States a pacifier and a rattle and put him in the crib,  he told CNN s Kate Bolduan.Mudd called Trump s tweets  a joke. Believe me, I know this is going to sound facetious but I m breathing a sigh of relief. You can t take this seriously,  Mudd said.  You could have taken this seriously from President Bush or President Obama, from President Bush s father, from President Clinton. You can t take this seriously. Mudd was referring to Trump s tweet this morning.  James Comey better hope that there are no  tapes  of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!  he wrote.For someone who called Trump s tweets a  joke,  Mudd certainly wasn t laughing. In fact, he seems pissed off at Trump s attempt to threaten the former FBI Director. You re threatening the FBI, who s in the midst of an investigation of presidential aides? The FBI s been around since 1908. The President of the United States has been around for three and a half months,  Mudd said. If you think you re going to intimidate the former FBI director and the dozens of people in the workforce who are conducting this investigation with the Department of Justice, you ve got another thing coming,  he added. Don t worry about it,  Mudd said while addressing anyone who is concerned about Trump s recent behavior.  Nobody in the investigation would take this seriously. Watch:Ex-CIA official Phil Mudd: ""You feel like you gotta give the POTUS a pacifier and a rattle and put him in a crib."" https://t.co/6En4Oplg6l  CNN (@CNN) May 12, 2017 No one believes this guy anymore,  he said after bashing Trump for inflating his inauguration crowd size.Mudd has a healthy resume in the Intelligence field. He s the former director of the CIA s Counterterrorism Center. Trump launched a war on the Intelligence community and the media and he will lose that battle. But first, someone give the fake POTUS his binky, please.Photo by Brendan Smialowski/Getty Images.",0
1490, Watergate Reporter Says Trump’s Russia Scandal Is Way WORSE Than Watergate (DETAILS),"James Fallows has been a journalist since 1972 and he covered the Watergate scandal so he knows what he s talking about.And when Fallows says that Donald Trump s ongoing and ever-growing Russia scandal is WORSE than Watergate, every American should take notice.That s exactly what Fallows did in a new article for The Atlantic published on Friday.Fallows remembers the Watergate scandal clearly despite the fact that it unfolded 45 years ago.The scandal is known as the Watergate scandal because some of President Richard Nixon s goons broke into the Democratic National Committee offices at the Watergate hotel.Nixon tried to cover up the crime by repeatedly lying and refusing to cooperate with investigations. He went so far as to fire Archibald Cox, the special prosecutor assigned to the investigation. Cox wanted Nixon to release White House recordings and Nixon refused. Nixon wanted Cox to back off but Cox refused. Nixon then fired him. After that, it was all downhill for Nixon. The Supreme Court ordered him to release the tapes and they were so damning that Nixon resigned before he could be impeached.But Trump s Russia scandal is worse. Based simply on what is known so far, this scandal looks worse than Watergate,  Fallows wrote.  Worse for and about the president. Worse for the overall national interest. Worse in what it suggests about the American democratic system s ability to defend itself. Fallows points out that Watergate was a mere burglary in an effort to find information on Nixon s political opponents. Trump s scandal, on the other hand, is:Nothing less than attacks by an authoritarian foreign government on the fundamentals of American democracy, by interfering with an election and doing so as part of a sustained effort that included parallel interference in the United Kingdom, France, Germany, and elsewhere. At worst, such efforts might actually have changed the election results. At least, they were meant to destroy trust in democracy. Not much of this is fully understood or proven, but the potential stakes are incomparably greater than what happened during Watergate, crime and cover-up alike.Fallows then compared Nixon s firing of Cox to Trump s firing of FBI Director James Comey.While Nixon  paid lip-service to the concept of due process and checks-and-balances  and at least acted like he was  sticking to some recognizable rules,  Trump s has openly disdained and flouted the rules. Nothing Donald Trump has done, on the campaign trail or in office, has expressed awareness of, or respect for, established rules,  Fallows continued.  Nixon s private comments could be vile, but nothing he said in public is comparable to Trump s dismissing James Comey as a  showboat,  or the thuggishly menacing tweet that Trump sent out today. The tweet Fallows referenced is a clear threat from Trump aimed at Comey in an effort to keep him from speaking to the press.James Comey better hope that there are no  tapes  of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017And while Nixon was a  dark and complex  person who was  deeply knowledgeable  and  publicly disciplined  and possessed  political and strategic intelligence,  Trump has repeatedly proven that  he is impulsive, and ignorant, and apparently beyond the reach of any control, even his own. And what s also worse about Trump s Russia scandal is the way Republicans have circled the wagons around Trump and have made attempt after attempt to bury any investigations into his misconduct.While Republicans like Jason Chaffetz, Mitch McConnell, and Devin Nunes have all tried to sabotage investigations on Trump s behalf, it was Republicans like Charles Wiggins, Barry Goldwater, and Howard Baker who put their country before party and sided against Nixon.The Republicans who turned against Nixon will be remembered for doing the right thing when their country needed them most. Today s Republicans will only be remembered for doing nothing while their country burned to the ground. Fallows even points out that all it would take is three brave Republicans in the Senate to join Democrats to get a truly independent investigation rolling.The question is whether they actually care about their country, the Constitution, and the integrity of the office of the presidency enough to do so.Our country needs heroes now more than ever. Republicans could be those heroes if they would just stop being cowards and stop being Trump s puppets.Featured Image: Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
1491, Republicans Were Just Told To Stop Talking About Healthcare Repeal Because It’s Political Suicide (DETAILS),"Remember when Republicans were told to stop talking about rape because they were repeatedly sticking their foot in their mouths? Well, now they are being told to stop talking about their attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act.Ever since Republicans giddily started preparing to repeal the landmark healthcare law, they faced a sea of angry constituents at town hall events across the country. As the GOP dug in their heels to strip healthcare from millions of Americans, their own voting base began to realize that their own healthcare was threatened as well and that the law they referred to as Obamacare wasn t so bad after all.In fact, many realize that the law saved their lives and they don t want Republicans to repeal it and put their lives back in jeopardy.But Republicans shoved their bill through the House without even reading it and getting the CBO to score it. The bill lets states opt out of requiring insurance companies to cover people with pre-existing conditions, which have now been defined as including sexual assault, pregnancy, cancer, acne, asthma, diabetes, sleep apnea, Alzheimer s disease, and a whole host of other conditions and medical problems, a list of which you can find here.This pretty much would allow insurance companies to discriminate against millions of Americans, conservatives included.The bill also slashed $880 billion from Medicaid, which covers millions of low-income Americans, in order to fund a tax gift for the wealthy. Again, millions of Americans, including conservatives in red states, got healthcare because the Affordable Care Act expanded Medicaid.Understandably, most Americans are pissed at Republicans, especially after House Republicans celebrated taking healthcare from people by throwing a beer party on Capitol Hill and smiling and laughing about it at the White House Rose Garden while Donald Trump spiked the football.And Americans have been flocking to town halls ever since to shame Republicans for their actions. Many Republicans have even been too cowardly to even attend their own town halls to face the music.Those who have shown up have only angered their constituents even more by lying about what s in the bill and making any lame excuse they can think of to justify stripping healthcare from millions.That s why a conservative consulting firm in now telling Republicans to stop talking about repealing the Affordable Care Act.According to Raw Story,In a memo issued this week by conservative firm WPA Intelligence, lawmakers were cautioned to avoid using the term  full repeal  because it is highly unpopular.So, it appears that Republicans may now go to their constituents and claim that their bill is only a partial repeal even though it is, in fact, a full repeal.Make no mistake, this consulting firm knows that Republicans are committing political suicide. That s why they warned them to stop talking so much about the healthcare repeal.But the damage has already been done and will get even worse if Republicans send the bill to Trump for his signature.The American people, including conservative voters, now know that Republicans were full of shit when they insisted that a full repeal was the only way to fix the Affordable Care Act. The fact is that these problems can be easily fixed if Republicans are willing to work with Democrats. Instead of admitting they were wrong, Republicans doubled down and now they get to experience the consequences in 2018 when a Democratic wave could very well sweep them out of power in Congress.Featured Image: Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1492, PREDICTION: White House Lies Will Force Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein To Quit,"The first reason the White House gave for President Donald Trump s firing of former FBI Director James Comey was that the president had received a recommendation from Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein. This excuse was bolstered by the memo Rosentein had given that was critical of Comey, though it did not explicitly call for the president to fire Comey.For his part, Rosenstein was not happy that the actions Trump took around Comey were blamed on that memo. Rosenstein has already demanded the White House correct the record about this. As a consequence, Trump himself told Lester Holt that the decision to fire Comey was all his. By all accounts, Rosenstein is a man of integrity. According to the Wall Street Journal, Mr. Rosenstein left the impression that he couldn t work in an environment where facts weren t accurately reported  The deputy attorney general objected to statements by White House aides citing Mr. Rosenstein s critical assessment of Mr.Comey s job performance to justify the firing. If that is true, there is no way Rosenstein is going to have a long tenure in the Trump Department of Justice. Not only does this administration have a hard time telling the truth, they have hard time knowing what the truth is. This week alone, they claimed Rosenstein convinced the president that Comey should be fired, that Trump wanted Comey gone because of how badly he treated Hillary Clinton and that Comey told Trump that he wasn t under investigation. The only one of these three statements that even has a chance of being credible is the first, and it has been shot down.This all comes after months and months of lies and misstatements. The New York Times put together a list of all of the Tweets Trump has put out since he entered the White House. The number of lies that he has told just through that medium is staggering.Rosenstein has a serious decision to make. How seriously does he want to be taken? How much of his reputation is he willing to sacrifice? The chances seem good that he will have to bring on a special prosecutor to look into the Russia/Trump campaign link. That is one way to salvage his reputation. That may lead to his firing. Whether he quits or is fired, his days in this administration are numbered.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
1493, Fox News: Trump Is The One To Blame for White House ‘Disarray’ (VIDEO),"President Donald Trump likes to call most of the press  fake  so when the White House is called disorganized or unprofessional, it is easy for him to discount the criticism. FOX News, however, is one of his favorite outlets.This week it is hard to call the White House anything but a hot mess. The communications office, for instance, does not seem to have any idea of what s going on. But even Chris Wallace, the host of FOX News Sunday, is saying any problems in the White House communications office should be laid at the feet of the president.Wallace said,  One of the problems has been the disarray at the White House communications shop. The president has been blaming that on them, but the fact is it should be blamed on him, because he didn t seem to trust them enough to give them advanced notice. There have been reports that despite not having given his staff the information they needed to develop a coherent and comprehensive strategy, Trump was up watching the television coverage of Comey s firing, yelling at the set and blaming the people around him for not defending the decision.,Wallace said that he has been trying to book a White House spokesperson all week to go on his Sunday show and has had no success. He said,  They still haven t given us anybody. We can t even reach anybody   they re not available, they re not answering the phone. Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images.",0
1494, Trump Didn’t Have The Backbone To Fire James Comey Himself; Here’s The Former Bodyguard He Chose To Do It For Him,"President Donald Trump may be known for his catchphrase of  You re fired!  on the reality-TV series The Apprentice, but they don t seem to be the type of words he likes to utter in every day life. That s one of several reasons why Trump left it to his former bodyguard, Keith Schiller, to deliver the news to newly-ousted FBI Directer James Comey. So who is Keith Schiller?Schiller, one of the president s most trusted aides, has taken a step up in the world since Trump s election victory, earning himself the title of Director of Oval Office Operations after almost two decades of watching Trump s back. According to Corey Lewandowski, Trump s former campaign manager,  The president has exceptional confidence in Keith. If he asks him to do something, he knows it will get done. Schiller first encountered the Trump clan when he was working as a New York City police detective and spotted Marla Maples, Trump s second wife, in the Manhattan prosecutor s office back in 1999; Schiller was there for a meeting with Maples, who was reporting a theft by an employee. Not long after he sat down, a man pulled up a seat and introduced himself to Schiller as Trump s current bodyguard. I looked at him, totally not impressed by his stature, physical stature,  Schiller recalled in 2015 in a rare videotaped interview.  A light goes off. I said:  Bodyguard, I can do this  . . . I m no stranger to putting my hands on people. His mind was made up and Schiller reached out to Trump, landing a part-time position as a bodyguard. After retiring from the police department in 2004, Schiller began working for Trump full-time, now as the Trump Organization s director of security, a role which involved following Trump on the road during his campaign trail from that point, even providing an extra layer of security after the Secret Service took over.Schiller rarely gives interviews, but that hasn t stopped those around him from doing so and Michael Caputo, a political adviser who worked with Trump between 2013 and 2016, probably summed up best what Schiller means to the Trump organization.  Keith Schiller is not just some bodyguard,  says Caputo.  Nobody knows the score among the advisers better than Keith Schiller.  . . . Keith s always known what s what among the people who are in Donald Trump s orbit. Never was that level of trust on clearer display than in April when Trump s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, traveled to Iraq. Despite the fact that Iraq specialist that would usually be present didn t participate after being told there was no room for them on the plane, Schiller was given a seat at the table during talks with members of the Iraqi government and appeared in official group photographs during the trip.Before becoming a member of Trump s elite inner circle, Schiller was renowned among his NYPD colleagues for his size and strength.  He was strong as an ox,  said David Chong, who served as Schiller s boss for eight years on a New York City police task force on high-intensity drug-trafficking areas. In fact, on some raids, Chong claims that Schiller would volunteer to carry the 60-pound battering ram, anticipating breaking in the door when he reached the top of the stairs.Schiller was also Trump s right-hand man during a WWE event, stepping briefly into the spotlight after Trump  slapped  World Wrestling Entertainment chief Vince McMahon in the center of the ring. As part of the bit, McMahon charged Trump, only to be stopped and repeatedly pushed back by Schiller before finally getting thrown to the ground by Donald Trump s head goon.Naturally, anyone associated with the Trump organization isn t going to be without their controversies and Keith Schiller has more than his fair share. For example, in September 2015 during Trump s campaign, Schiller took a sign from a protester. Unexpectedly, the protester, Efrain Galicia, lunged at Schiller but only received a punch in the face for his efforts, however, Galicia and other protesters are currently attempting to sue. During his testimony, Schiller acknowledged that at the time of the incident, he did not hold a valid New York state security guard license. On another occasion several days earlier, Schiller forcefully removed Univision anchor Jorge Ramos from a Trump campaign news conference for repeatedly asking questions about immigration.All things considered, it comes as no surprise that Donald Trump didn t fire the towering James Comey himself on Tuesday, opting for Keith Schiller over even a more junior staffer. Why would he when he has this type of hired muscle sitting at a desk a few feet away?Featured image by Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
1495, Lawyers Trump Used To ‘Prove’ He Has No Russia Connection Won ‘Russia Law Firm Of The Year’ In 2016,"It was the tweet that blew up the internet:BREAKING: Trump lawyer: Tax returns from past 10 years show no ""income of any type from Russian sources,"" with few exceptions.  The Associated Press (@AP) May 12, 2017The headscratching claim by Trump s lawyers was that he had  no income of any type  from Russia  with few exceptions.The exceptions cited don t raise many eyebrows. What is noticeably absent is any mention of the Russia megadonors Eric Trump recently bragged helped finance Trump s golf resort, leading one to assume that there are things being intentionally left out of this report. (Eric Trump now denies making this admission, unfortunately Eric has been known to lie before.)The follow up story published by the Associated Press was even more bizarre (emphasis added).President Donald Trump s lawyers say a review of his last 10 years of tax returns do not reflect  any income of any type from Russian sources,  with some exceptions.The lawyers did not release copies of Trump s tax returns so The Associated Press cannot independently verify their conclusions.So Trump s lawyers  reviewed  Trump s tax returns and   surprise   found that he is completely innocent of any wrongdoing. But they won t let reporters independently verify those findings. So we just have to take their word for it If that s the case, then the law firm doing the investigation better have an absolutely impeccable record. Instead, Trump got one that has even more connections than he (allegedly!) does.The lawyers Trump turned to work for a firm called Morgan Lewis. It does a lot of business in Russia. It does so much business in Russia, in fact, that it actually nabbed a prestigious award for being  Russia Law Firm of the Year  in 2016.The law firm that sent the letter RE: Trump's biz interests in Russia was recognized as ""Russia Law Firm of the Year"" in 2016: pic.twitter.com/t7yBFpl1Hn  Frank Thorp V (@frankthorp) May 12, 2017Others argue the law firm is merely a victim of its own success. It s a global company, of course it would be in Russia.Trump letter is dumb for other reasons, but not this. Morgan Lewis & Bockius is one of the biggest & most well-known lawfirms in the world. https://t.co/gBeg7Ms0EP  Jeff B/DDHQ (@EsotericCD) May 12, 2017However, this needn t be a massive conspiracy. Something worth thinking about: This group   which has a vested interest in not upsetting Trump and Putin   wants us to take their word at facevalue when they say that Trump is completely innocent. The very fact that they have business relationships and clients in Russia means they would feel pressured to tread lightly. Russia, a country run not only by Putin but a collective of oligarchs, can destroy your business if they feel antagonized by what you re doing.Making matters even more shady, Trump s lawyers claim they just released these findings at the behest of a congressional request. But the letter they sent is two months old. If it were that old, it may explain why Trump s lawyers didn t bother to mention Trump s Russian golf course investors. They didn t think it would come out. News of that relationship only leaked in the past few weeks.But there s an easy way to clear all this up: Trump could always release his tax returns to the public.Featured image via AFP-OUT",0
1496, Congress Demands White House Turn Over Alleged Comey Tape Mentioned In Trump’s Tweet (LETTER),"During yet another Twitter fit on Friday morning, Donald Trump seems to be unraveling before our eyes under the pressure of the press and ongoing investigations into his campaign ties to Russia.Earlier in the week, Trump fired James Comey who was the Director of the FBI. Now, in an effort to seemingly almost blackmail Comey so he doesn t leak any pertinent information regarding investigations, Trump tweeted:James Comey better hope that there are no ""tapes"" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017Well, members of Congress saw this tweet and are holding him accountable for what is being implied. Quite honestly, it s about time Congress starts taking Trump s tweets seriously.Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi (D-IL) had this to say: Earlier this morning, President Trump wrote a tweet referencing his taping of high-level conversations in the White House. In light of this revelation, I would respectfully request that the White House Counsel provide the House Oversight Committee with all tapes of the President s communications with former FBI Director James Comey, of President Trump s meeting with Russian officials which was closed to American press but not their Russian counterparts, and of any conversations regarding the hiring or firing of former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn. These White House tapes could accelerate current investigations as previous tapes have aided past inquiries. Here is the official letter to White House Counsel Donald McGhan with the request:via krishnamoorthi.house.govIf Trump is going to use his Twitter account to relay information not only to the public but to the legislative branch of government, he better be prepared to face the consequences of his words.If there are tapes, this isn t only damning for Comey, but also Trump himself. He seems to think he can manipulate this whole situation like some sort of deal in a boardroom. This isn t a boardroom. This is the United States government, and good on Rep. Raja Krishnamoorthi for calling him out.Featured Photo by Getty Images",0
1497," Trump’s Lawyer Says Trump Has No Russian Income ‘With A Few Exceptions’, Internet Drags Him (TWEETS)","Despite promising to release his tax returns all throughout his presidential campaign, Donald Trump still refuses to make good on his promise to concerned Americans. Instead, he s gotten his lawyers to make a statement about the last ten years of his tax returns, and it went pretty much exactly how we thought it would   it was a disaster.Raising more questions than they actually answered, Trump s lawyers told reporters that Trump s tax returns don t reflect any income of any type from Russian sources,  however there are  a few exceptions. According to the Associated Press, Trump s lawyers sent a letter stating that the dishonest, shady POTUS didn t owe any money to Russian lenders and had no equity investment by Russians in entities controlled by Trump.  Of course, these lawyers didn t provide any copies of the tax returns to verify this, so it s very possible that this information is false. However, the letter did state that Trump received  income from the 2013 Miss Universe pageant held in Moscow and a property sold to a Russian billionaire in 2008 for $95 million. Anyone with a decent brain can see how shady and weird this whole situation is, and it wasn t long before Twitter latched on to the statement  with a few exceptions  and made the hashtag  #WithFewExceptions  go viral. People didn t hesitate to drag Trump and his lawyers for their disgraceful scheme to clear his name, even though they ve clearly stated that he s guilty as hell.Here are some of the best reactions:       We could not have said it better. The lengths that Trump and his team have gone to continue hiding what is in his tax returns should be cause for alarm. Not to mention, Trump s erratic behavior whenever Russia is mentioned. Something shady is definitely going on, and no one should believe anything that comes out of the mouth of Trump, his administration, or anyone he hires.Featured image via Mario Tama / Getty Images",0
1498," Donald Trump Attacked Stephen Colbert, So Colbert Shoved A Boot up His Trumphole (VIDEO)","In an interview with TIME, Donald Trump   pussygrabber extraordinaire    went after Stephen Colbert for referring to The Donald s mouth as a place where Russian dictator Vladimir Putin keeps his d*k warm. You see a no-talent guy like Colbert. There s nothing funny about what he says. And what he says is filthy. And you have kids watching. And it only builds up my base. It only helps me, people like him. The guy was dying. By the way they were going to take him off television, then he started attacking me and he started doing better,  Trump said.  But his show was dying. I ve done his show.   But when I did his show, which by the way was very highly rated. It was high highest rating. The highest rating he s ever had. On Thursday, the late night host shot back at Trump, and it just had to be painful. The president of the United States has personally come after me and my show. And there s only one thing to say: Yay!  Colbert said during his monologue.  I won! Mr. Trump, there s a lot you don t understand, but I never thought one of those things would be show business,  Colbert said.  Don t you know I ve been trying for a year to get you to say my name?  Oh, please, don t make me trend on Twitter again! Don t throw me in that #briarpatch! Making jokes about you has been good for ratings. It s almost as if the majority of Americans didn t want you to be President,  Colbert informed The Orange One.  But you know who s got really bad ratings these days? You do. Terrible approval numbers. I hear they re thinking about switching your time slot with Mike Pence. Colbert s takedown of Trump was blistering, but the most painful part was when the comedian pointed out that the Trump show was not the highest-rated. As for who was? Let s just say his name rhymes with  Neb Kush. Watch it below:featured image via screengrab",0
1499," Trump Ignores Historically Low Rating, Brags He Could Win Election ‘By A Lot More’ Now (VIDEO)","The fact that most of the country despises Donald Trump and voted against him is no secret. The fact that most of America wants Trump to get kicked out of the White House is not a secret. With his historically low approval ratings (which dwindle by the day) as well as steadily mounting failures, it s hard to ignore that Trump s presidency is failing. There s just one big problem   Trump doesn t seem to know it, or at least he s not acknowledging it.Months later, Trump is still talking about his election victory. It s honestly an embarrassing win, considering he lost the popular vote by 3 million and scraped by thanks to the Electoral College. Combined with his pathetic inaugural crowds, no one understands why Trump still wants to brag about this, but he was back at it again in an interview with NBC News  Lester Holt last night. And during that interview, he said something that is going to blow your mind.Ignoring all facts and data that proves Trump is the least popular, least successful starting POTUS in modern history, Trump actually said that his election victory would be even greater if the election were held today   even after all his epic fails.Holt asked Trump if he felt like he was constantly fighting for legitimacy, and Trump said the country was  divided . He should have left it at that, but instead the lies started to pour freely. Trump said the GOP was very, very much behind  him and loved his disastrous health care plan   which many Republicans have publicly denounced. Trump then said  Obamacare is dead  before dropping the final bombshell. Trump said his poll numbers  were so good  that: If the election were held today, I would win by a lot more than I did on November 8th. Yes, Trump is saying this while his approval rating has just plunged to 36%. Watch below: If the election were held today, I would win by a lot more than I did on November 8th.  Trump tells @lesterholtnbc pic.twitter.com/220Z5Fjx4G  TODAY (@TODAYshow) May 12, 2017Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
1500," FBI Tells Trump To Go F*ck Himself For Firing Their Director, Forces Him To Cancel Visit","Donald Trump was hoping to visit the FBI for a photo-op in the wake of firing FBI Director James Comey. The FBI told Trump to f*ck off.In the days since Comey s firing, it has been revealed that Trump pulled the trigger in retaliation against the FBI investigation into his Russia scandal. Trump demanded that Comey be loyal to him and Comey refused to put Trump above the security of the country. Trump has even admitted that the Russia investigation was in his mind when he fired Comey.This contradicted the official White House statement on Comey s firing, which has sparked national outrage as most Americans disapprove of Trump s action.Trump was hoping for applause. Instead, he made things worse for himself. Now it s clear that he has something to hide.But he didn t just anger the American people. He pissed off the FBI, most of whom loved their former boss.So when Donald Trump wanted to visit the FBI on Thursday, they told him not to bother. Trump then tucked his tail between his legs and had the White House cancel the visit. He likely then threw a temper tantrum like a toddler. The FBI told the White House the optics would not be good,  NBC s Peter Alexander reported as the news came in.  FBI officials apparently said the president was unlikely to be greeted warmly after having just unceremoniously fired a very popular director. Alexander further explained that while many FBI agents voted for Trump, they don t like that he fired Comey and are disgusted by how Trump did it.Here s the video via YouTube.Donald Trump just turned the FBI into his enemy, and that means they are going to work double-time on the investigation into his ties with Russia. And I m sure they will be all too happy to slap cuffs on Trump and haul his sorry ass to jail when the time comes.Featured image Shawn Thew   Pool/Getty Images",0
1501, Trump THREATENS Comey Via Twitter In His Most Autocratic Move Yet,"Donald Trump has some very scary authoritarian instincts. He regularly makes it his mission to discredit and attack the free press, has nothing but contempt for our Constitution and our system of checks and balances, and he and his officials regularly lie and spread propaganda to the American public. Now, in his most autocratic move yet, Trump has threatened the FBI Director he just fired via Twitter. This, after he just fired the man who was investigating him.Supposedly, Trump is upset because fired FBI Director James Comey s associates disputed Trump s account of what happened during a dinner meeting between the two. According to the New York Times, Trump asked for Comey s loyalty, and Comey refused to give it. Therefore, Trump threatened Comey with the leaking of supposed  tapes  of their meetings.James Comey better hope that there are no ""tapes"" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017Trump has also threatened to stop the White House tradition of daily press briefings, since the media is reporting on the continuously changing story with regards to the reasoning behind Comey s firing: Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future ""press briefings"" and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy???  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017This is beyond anything we have ever seen. Even Richard Nixon wasn t this much of a dictator in the making. This so-called  presidency  is nothing more than a dictatorship. We are literally devolving into something more like Russia or Turkey than the United States of America. This is not normal, this is not safe, and this is not healthy.The people in Congress with the power to do something about Donald Trump and his band of incompetent authoritarians better wake up and do their jobs before it s too late. The very soul of our republic depends on it.Featured image via Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
1502, BREAKING: FBI Agents Say White House Will Kill Russian Investigation,"Agents within the FBI are worried that President Donald Trump may succeed in killing the probe into his campaign s ties to Russia. The Daily Beast is reporting on what has happened at the FBI since James Comey was fired on Tuesday. They say that agents who are working on the investigation fear they will be transferred to other departments and that their work will be discontinued. Comey, they say, was much more important to the investigation than many, who are outside of the agency, understand. While he may not not have actively been conducting the investigation, his active support helped it continue.A former lawyer in the Department of Justice s National Security Department, Carrie Cordero, said, He gave the agents, the investigators, cover politically. He said,  You go where the facts take you and I will handle the politics of it, I ll go brief the Hill, I ll hold off the White House.  He s the lineman in football, keeping everybody away from the guys that are trying to run or make the pass. He provided a cover for them to do what they needed to get done. One FBI source said, Management in counterintelligence are insanely concerned, worried about the overreaching obstruction and political influence from the White House.  What could the White House do to stop the investigation? One former FBI official says, They could slow down the investigations to a crawl, prevent charges from moving forward to DOJ for prosecution, or any other number of ways the White House could subvert these investigations,  said a former FBI official who worked on Russian investigations.A former FBI official, who was in the counterintelligence department, said,  You have to remember, these agents have families they need to support. The threat of being fired for doing their job is real here. And what about the testimony Andrew McCabe gave before the Senate that the investigation would continue?  One Congressional staffer said,  Literally who cares, nothing he said matters. He ll be gone. Of course, gumming up the works and intimidating FBI agents are not the only two things the White House can do to thwart an active FBI investigation. They can make sure it hits a wall when it gets to the prosecutorial stage at the Department of Justice. Whereas the FBI is made up of career law enforcement personnel, the Department of Justice is headed by a number of political appointeesFormer assistant director of the bureau s Criminal Investigation Division, Ron Hosko said,  There are often frustrations in sensitive, important investigations that you end up with prosecutors either too few, who are unwilling to move forward at the desired pace, or too many and you turn every simple decision into a debate club and it slows progress. Here, I think that is the pulse that you in the media and others ought to be keeping close to: What s the pace. Are the investigators getting the prosecutors  support that they need? Hosko added, Prosecutors will sometimes start to debate and question every word in a subpoena and it tends to slow progress. And then you start to ask questions about is this because of something political? Hosko concluded with, The Orange blob in the WH doesn t care about anyone or anything he can t control. He s made that abundantly clear. All of this means that it is critically important to appoint a special prosecutor to look into this. It is more than clear that the Trump Department of Justice cannot be trusted to handle this investigation. Featured image via Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images",0
