id,title,text,label
1615,Canadian Pilot Arrested After He Passes Out Drunk in the Cockpit - Breitbart,"A Canadian pilot was arrested Saturday after he was found drunk in a plane he was about to fly out of Calgary Airport in western Canada. [The crew and other airline staff found the    man intoxicated shortly after 7 a. m. in the cockpit of a plane he was supposed to fly to Cancun, Mexico, AFP reported.  The flight crew noticed the pilot’s erratic behavior before he passed out in the cockpit, and then called the authorities. Police said the pilot was escorted out of the plane and put in jail. Authorities say the pilot had more than three times the legal limit of alcohol allowed (0. 08 percent in Canada) in his system two hours after his arrest. Miroslav Gronych of Slovakia was charged with one count of operating an aircraft while impaired, and one count of operating an aircraft with a blood alcohol level over 0. 08, the Huffington Post Canada reported. “It had all the potential for a disaster but I’ll tell you this much  —   the likelihood of a pilot on a major airline like this actually being able to take off when they’re impaired like that is pretty slim, because there’s a lot of checks and balances,” police spokesman Paul Stacey said to BBC News. A spokeswoman for Sunwing Airlines thanked the crew for dealing with this “very unfortunate matter,” according to local media. Transport Canada spokesman Dan Dugas said that it is a crime for flight crew to work within eight hours of drinking alcohol or while under the influence.  He added that Transport Canada is investigating the incident. The flight took off with another pilot in control of the Boeing 737 plane with 99 passengers and six crew members, including the pilot who was charged.",0
1616,"David Shepard, Film Preservationist, Dies at 76 - The New York Times","David Shepard, a film preservationist who restored hundreds of discarded, hidden or forgotten films by masters like Charlie Chaplin, Buster Keaton and F. W. Murnau and packaged rarities for the consumer market, died on Jan. 31 in Medford, Ore. He was 76. The cause was cancer, said his brother, Donald. The era of Valentino and Fairbanks had been over for decades when Mr. Shepard, barely in his teens, began buying old films, reel by reel, with money earned from his paper route. He had been bitten by the bug when his uncle Myron, a photographer in the Signal Corps, brought home a projector and a boxful of films from France after World War II  —   abridged versions of Fritz Lang’s “Metropolis” and Georges Méliès’s experimental “A Trip to the Moon,” among others. They kindled an enthusiasm that only grew with time. Working for the American Film Institute and later for Blackhawk Films, which reproduced old films for the collectors’ market, Mr. Shepard began searching out movies that had been languishing in studio vaults or private collections and bringing them in for restoration. By trial and error, he developed techniques now used widely in commercial preservation laboratories. In 1989, after acquiring Blackhawk’s library, he created his own company, Film Preservation Associates. Over the years, he restored or made available many of the silent films now found in DVD and video libraries, including the 12 shorts that Charlie Chaplin made for the Mutual Film Corporation in 1916 and 1917, Murnau’s 1927 masterpiece “Sunrise,” all of Buster Keaton’s independent films of the 1920s, and Soviet silent films from the same decade. For many films, he commissioned new musical scores. One of his most stunning efforts was the restoration of the French filmmaker Abel Gance’s “La Roue” (“The Wheel”). Originally shown in 1923 over three days, it was cut down to two and half hours for commercial distribution, and the original was subsequently lost. Mr. Shepard, with the archivist Eric Lange, reassembled a      version from five different prints, released in 2008 by Flicker Alley. “If you’ve seen a superior print of a film by Chaplin or Keaton, Griffith or Murnau, chances are David had a hand in restoring it,” the film critic Leonard Maltin recently wrote on his blog. Just as important, Mr. Shepard brought films out of the archives and to the general public, building on the work of the pioneer revivalist Kevin Brownlow. “He was able to build an audience for silent film and keep it going,” Jeffrey Vance, a film historian who has written books on Chaplin, Keaton and Harold Lloyd, said in an interview. “He made silent films available to everyone. ” David Haspel Shepard was born on Oct. 22, 1940, in Manhattan and grew up, from the age of 11, in Tenafly, N. J. His father, Bertram, was an executive with the Grand Union grocery chain his mother, the former Marjorie Markley, was a homemaker.’ ”He was film crazy from his earliest years, with a connoisseur’s bent that his father indulged by taking him to the film programs at the Museum of Modern Art. After buying a   projector at 12, he discovered that film rental companies, hard hit by television, were selling off their stocks, and he began acquiring films for $1 a reel.” ’In junior high and high school, he filmed football games for the coaches to study. In the   he used the camera to make his own films with student actors. Mr. Shepard earned a bachelor’s degree in philosophy and religion from Hamilton College in Clinton, N. Y. in 1962 and a master’s in American studies from the University of Pennsylvania a year later. He was teaching theater and film at Pennsylvania State University in 1968 when the fledgling American Film Institute hired him to seek out historically significant films from studios and collectors, with the aim of having them donated to the institute for preservation and archiving. In an early coup, he persuaded Paramount Pictures to turn over the 200 silent features it had in storage in Fort Lee, N. J. After five years, he went to work for Blackhawk, in Davenport, Iowa, as head of product development. It was there that he led the project to acquire and restore Chaplin’s Mutual shorts, in which Chaplin’s Little Tramp character evolved from a purely slapstick figure to a rich, comedic personality. Mr. Shepard was hired by the Directors Guild of America in 1976 to oversee special projects, notably a series of oral histories with directors like King Vidor and Henry King. In the 1980s, he began teaching film history at the University of California, Los Angeles, and the School of Cinema and Television at the University of Southern California. In 1977, he married Kimberly Fetter, who had worked with him at Blackhawk. The marriage ended in divorce. In addition to his brother, he is survived by a son, Ben Baker. Pinched by competition from the video market, Blackhawk Films closed in 1987 and offered Mr. Shepard its equipment for scrap value. He bought an industrial building to house it, and to pay off the building he began doing commercial preservation and restoration work. Soon after, he acquired Blackhawk’s film library, which became the basis for Film Preservation Associates. The company worked with distributors like Kino International and Flicker Alley. Many of the titles were released in box sets, including “Masterworks of D. W. Griffith,” “The Art of Buster Keaton,” “The Golden Age of German Cinema,” “Cecil B. De Mille: The Visionary Years,” “Douglas Fairbanks: King of Hollywood” and “Georges Méliès: First Wizard of the Cinema. ” In 2006, the National Society of Film Critics gave its Film Heritage Award to Mr. Shepard and his collaborators  —   Anthology Film Archives and the film restorer Bruce Posner  —   for the   collection “Unseen Cinema: American   Films. ” Mr. Shepard, who lived in Hat Creek, Calif. had his fair share of serendipity along the way. Raoul Walsh’s first film, “Regeneration” (1915) sometimes credited as the first gangster feature, simply fell into his lap when a meter reader from Missoula, Mont. contacted him about some films he had stumbled across in a building scheduled for demolition. “When he went to read the meters for the last time, the tenants were gone but the films were still there, so he took them,” Mr. Shepard told The Los Angeles Times in 1995. “He called me looking for someone to preserve them. ” Better yet, he told the newspaper in 1999, while he was visiting a colleague in France in the early 1970s, a boy rode up on a bicycle balancing a box of films on the handlebars. He had recently retrieved them from the family farm in Normandy. Among the films was an original print of “The Tramp,” which Chaplin had made at Essanay Studios in 1915. “You couldn’t stage this in a bad play,” Mr. Shepard said.",0
1617,"Trump Supporter Screams At Press, Uses Anti-Semitic Slurs, Brands Them ‘The Enemy’ (VIDEO)","Trump Supporter Screams At Press, Uses Anti-Semitic Slurs, Brands Them ‘The Enemy’ (VIDEO)   
Even though the Trump campaign tries desperately to deny that many of their supporters are racist jackasses, the actions of some acolytes who support the GOP nominee continue to prove otherwise. 
Take for example a man at a Trump campaign rally held in Phoenix on Saturday. This enraged man began taunting members of the media with chants of “Jew S. A.” in place of USA. This same rabid moron also accused members of the press who were simply doing their jobs of being “the enemy” and “working for the devil.” So this just happened near the press pen at Trump's Phoenix rally. Man chanting ""Jew.S.A.!"" pic.twitter.com/DpG9G6BtqO 
— Ashley Killough (@KilloughCNN) October 29, 2016 Guy chants ""Jew-S-A"" in front of press pen pic.twitter.com/2yqgA6dD4k 
— Nick Corasaniti (@NYTnickc) October 29, 2016 
For his part, Trump riled up his rally filled with deplorables by telling them : “When the outcome is fixed, when the system is rigged, people lose hope. They stop dreaming. They stop trying. Hillary Clinton’s corruption is corrosive to the soul of our nation and it must be stopped.” 
What is both maddening and simultaneously pathetic is that many of these enraged Trump voters are losers who need someone to blame their own inadequacies on. They are often poorly educated and have low-paying jobs. But then again, if you fail to educate yourself or prepare for the job market by learning a trade or getting a degree, that is at least in part your own fault. But to try and direct your anger at others–be they African-Americans, Hispanics, or women–only proves your own impotence. Rather than facing their failures and trying to better themselves, these narcissistic simpletons choose to hate those who set goals and accomplish them. 
The type of Trump supporter who shouted at members of the media in Phoenix cannot face one simple fact: He or she has a made a mess of their life and the pain is too much to take. Therefore they lash out at others with hatred and bile. They cannot face one simple fact: Their time has passed and the future has caught up with them, just as it will catch up with Donald Trump on November 8. 
Featured Image Via NBC News Screengrab  ",0
1618,The Sugar Industry: Funding Research to Sugarcoat the Truth,"Keywords: Cardiovascular , diabetes , dietary fat , heart disease , sugar , sugar industry 
Sugar “does not have a unique role in heart disease.” When it comes to dietary claims made by the sugar industry, we need to take them with a grain of salt. 
Researchers at the University of California, San Francisco have uncovered documents and communications dating back as far as the 1960s, revealing that the SRF (Sugar Research Foundation, now known as the Sugar Association) funded research to serve its own interest: to create a sweet image of sugar. 
At the time, heart disease was on the rise as was the consumption of dietary fat and sugar. Instead of trying to determine the true cause for the higher occurrence of the disease, the biased research focused everyone’s attention on fat. 
UCSF’s finding, published in JAMA Internal Medicine, shows researchers at leading universities, including Harvard, were paid by the SRF in an effort to portray dietary fat as the major cause of heart disease. In the process, sugar’s role in the fatal disease has been ignored. Singing the Praises of Low-Fat Foods 
As a result of the biased research published in many esteemed publications, life in the second half of the 20th century was filled with misleading dietary recommendations and scary headlines. 
Warnings regarding the dangers of dietary fat ran rampant. Eating fat, especially the saturated variety, was equivalent to clogging your arteries. Even eating an egg, containing 5 grams of the forbidden macro-nutrient, was considered a luxury not to be indulged in more than once per week. 
Low-fat diets became the craze. In fact, “low-fat” labels decorated food packaging throughout groceries stores, from yoghurt aisles to frozen sections. Consumers felt good whenever they chose low-fat varieties over standard options. 
Yet this sense of well-being generated by the low-fat fad was unfounded. To add flavour to low-fat foods, sugar was the usual substitute. And the truth that has been uncovered is that sugar is a secret killer. It contributes not only to obesity and diabetes, but also to the leading cause of death worldwide: cardiovascular disease (CVD). A Time for Change 
Recently the sugar industry’s funded research has been challenged by unbiased studies which reveal sugar to possess the unwelcome property previously, and falsely, attributed to fat: it leads to atherosclerosis. 
JAMA Internal Medicine has published a study by a team of UCSF researchers showing that sugar, aside from causing diabetes and tooth decay, sets into motion several changes that bring on heart disease. In this study, the diets of 43 children were changed to replace added sugar with starch while maintaining the same amounts of protein, fat, complex carbohydrates, and total caloric intake. The results showed beneficial effects on LDL cholesterol and triglyceride levels as well as diastolic blood pressure. 
Another study, undertaken by researchers from Saint Luke’s Mid America Heart Institute and Albert Einstein College of Medicine and published in Progress in Cardiovascular Diseases, showed that consuming diets high in added sugar caused an increase in LDL (bad) cholesterol, total cholesterol, and triglycerides while lowering HDL (good) cholesterol. 
The new research results have brought about a change in worldwide dietary guidelines. From governmental associations to medical organisations and private practitioners are warning consumers and patients about sugar’s toxicity. 
The U.S. Dietary Guidelines for 2015 to 2020 recommend that added sugars make up less than 10 percent of a person’s daily calorie consumption. While the main reason for this recommendation is that added sugar constitutes empty calories and leads to a nutrient-deficient diet, the Guidelines also acknowledge that there is “strong evidence…lower intake of sources of added sugars are associated with reduced risk of CVD in adults.” 
The American Heart Association warns that “too much added sugar in your diet could significantly increase your risk of dying from cardiovascular disease.” It recommends lowering dietary sugar intake even further to a maximum of 6 teaspoons and 9 teaspoons for women and men, respectively. How Can Something Sweet Be So Bad? 
According to one cardiologist, Dr Stephen Sinatra, sugar delivers its damage to the cardiovascular system via a surge in insulin. High levels of insulin wreak havoc on blood vessels’ endothelial linings. An inflammatory response ensues, causing the walls of the blood vessels to become clogged. In this way, the stage is set for heart disease. 
Add to that the well-known fact that sugar leads to diabetes, which raises the risk of heart disease, and the overall danger is compounded. Addictive Properties Exacerbate the Problem 
It seems that the sugar industry pushed us toward a secret killer just like the tobacco industry did. This notion seems even more valid in light of medical claims that sugar, like nicotine, is an addictive substance. 
In medical circles, addiction is an altered state of the brain which causes repetitive behaviour despite negative consequences. Experts state that studies on rats prove sugar to be more addictive than cocaine. 
When our bodies digest sugar, they release dopamine and opioids. These neurotransmitters play a key role in the brain’s reward centre, which in turn causes addiction to the same substance that set off too much activity in this pleasure circuit. So What Do We Do Now? 
We need to gather public funding to carry out unbiased research on consumer goods, including foods. 
Food labels should allow consumers to identify easily how much added sugar is present in every food item. 
Every processed food item should not be allowed to contain more than 10 percent of its total calories from added sugars. 
Widespread education regarding sugar’s toxicity should reach from the classroom to our doctors’ offices. 
Everyone deserves the chance to break the cycle of sugar addiction. 
Sources:",0
1619,"Podesta Part 18: Wikileaks Releases Another 1,300 Emails; Total Is Now 31,500","Click Here To Learn More About Alexandra's Personalized Essences Psychic Protection Click Here for More Information on Psychic Protection! Implant Removal Series Click here to listen to the IRP and SA/DNA Process Read The Testimonials Click Here To Read What Others Are Experiencing! Copyright © 2012 by Galactic Connection. All Rights Reserved. 
Excerpts may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Alexandra Meadors and www.galacticconnection.com with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of any material on this website without express and written permission from its author and owner is strictly prohibited. Thank you. 
Privacy Policy 
By subscribing to GalacticConnection.com you acknowledge that your name and e-mail address will be added to our database. As with all other personal information, only working affiliates of GalacticConnection.com have access to this data. We do not give GalacticConnection.com addresses to outside companies, nor will we ever rent or sell your email address. Any e-mail you send to GalacticConnection.com is completely confidential. Therefore, we will not add your name to our e-mail list without your permission. Continue reading... Galactic Connection 2016 | Design & Development by AA at Superluminal Systems Sign Up forOur Newsletter 
Join our newsletter to receive exclusive updates, interviews, discounts, and more. Join Us!",0
1620,"For Blacks Facing Parole in New York State, Signs of a Broken System - The New York Times","Jaimie Davenport and Billy Cassell had their first hearings before the New York State Board of Parole earlier this year. Both were serving a maximum of six years on a burglary conviction, Mr. Cassell for breaking into storage units, Mr. Davenport for stealing cellphones. The men are in their 30s and told the board that they had struggled for years with substance abuse  —   Mr. Cassell with drugs, Mr. Davenport with alcohol. Each had served a prior sentence for theft, and each had done a stretch in solitary confinement for breaking prison rules. Mr. Cassell was set free. But not Mr. Davenport. The board turned him down, extending his prison term for at least another two years. For all their similarities, there was a telling difference: Mr. Cassell is white Mr. Davenport is black. And in New York, black men going before the parole board are at a marked disadvantage. An analysis by The New York Times of thousands of parole decisions from the past several years found that fewer than one in six black or Hispanic men was released at his first hearing, compared with one in four white men. It is a disparity that is particularly striking not for the most violent criminals, like rapists and murderers, but for   offenders who commit property crimes like stealing a television from a house or shoplifting from Duane Reade  —   precisely the people many states are now working to keep out of prison in the first place. Since 2006, white inmates serving two to four years for a single count of   burglary have been released after an average of 803 days, while black inmates served an average of 883 days for the same crime. The racial disparity in parole decisions in the state is perhaps the most dramatic manifestation of a broken system. Intended as a progressive tool to promote good behavior, parole has devolved into a hurried, often chaotic procedure. Inmates typically get less than 10 minutes to plead their cases before they are sent back to their cells. The parole board has not been fully staffed for years and rarely sees a prisoner in person. Inmates are usually glimpsed from the shoulders up on a video screen. Commissioners  —   as board members are called  —   often read through files to prepare for the next interview as the inmate speaks. The whole process is run like an assembly line. They hear cases just two days a week and see as many as 80 inmates in that time. Board members are mainly from upstate, earn more than $100, 000 annually and hold their positions for years. They tend to have backgrounds in law enforcement rather than rehabilitation. Most are white there is currently only one black man, and there are no Latino men. In short, they have little in common with the black and Latino inmates who make up nearly   of the state prison population. At a September board meeting, one commissioner, Marc Coppola, complained that he had trouble keeping track of which inmate he was interviewing. “We were a mess,” Mr. Coppola said, according to video of the meeting. “We didn’t even know who was in the chair. ” Tina Stanford, the board’s chairwoman, agreed. “There are others among us who’ve had similar concerns, just for what their experience in terms of the caseload has been,” she said. While it is not possible to know whether race is a factor in any particular parole decision, a pattern of racial inequity is clear when the data are examined on a large scale. The Times analyzed 13, 876 parole decisions for male inmates over a   period ending in May. The analysis included only   appearances before the board, which take place after inmates complete their minimum sentence. The Times took into account such factors as an inmate’s crime, age, race and previous stints in state prison. The board rarely released violent offenders of any race, denying nearly 90 percent of them at their initial interview. But among offenders imprisoned for more minor felonies, the racial disparity is glaring. For   burglars who had no earlier prison sentences, the board released 41 percent of white inmates compared with 30 percent of blacks and Latinos. The imbalance is especially stark for younger inmates. Among male prisoners under 25 who had no prior state prison sentences, the parole board released 30 percent of whites but only 14 percent of blacks and Latinos. The Times did not have access to the full range of information the board took into account. This includes inmates’ time in county jail, full arrest histories, complete prison disciplinary records and whether required prison programs were completed. Still, even before a black inmate takes a seat in the hearing room and utters a word, the odds are stacked against him. Guards punish black men in some prisons at twice the rate of whites, send them to solitary confinement more often and keep them there longer, a Times analysis of nearly 60, 000 disciplinary cases from last year found. And bad prison records make it that much harder to be granted parole. In parole hearings that are hurried and often disorganized, the board members’ first impressions of an inmate  —   whether he is well spoken or inarticulate, neat or disheveled, black or white  —   can have an outsize impact on his future. The Times reviewed transcripts of 109 parole hearings from the first quarter of this year, obtained through a Freedom of Information Law request. They all involved inmates guilty of burglary in the third degree, like Samuel McQuilkin, a black inmate with a long history of minor crimes who was convicted of stealing chicken nuggets from a school cafeteria. It is often hard to pinpoint what the deciding factor is for commissioners. Some focus on an inmate’s criminal record or problems with drug abuse. Others are more interested in family ties. In an interview process that is impersonal  —   95 of the 109 hearings examined by the Times were conducted by video  —   any rapport an inmate can establish with board members is likely to help. This can work in a white inmate’s favor. A majority of commissioners are white, and like most of the white inmates in the New York system, they come from upstate. Matthew Conley, a    white college graduate from Eagle Bay, in the Adirondacks, was doing time for stealing golf carts from Mohawk Valley Country Club, in Little Falls, N. Y. While hearings usually go quickly and focus on criminal and prison disciplinary history, W. William Smith, a commissioner who is also white, spent time reminiscing with Mr. Conley about summers spent   rafting in the Adirondacks. “Were you employed by Tickner’s kayak and canoe rental in Old Forge?” Mr. Smith asked. “I was,” Mr. Conley said. Mr. Smith said he had done similar work. “That was the best job I ever had,” he said. “Long time ago. ” Mr. Conley was released. The tone was different at the hearing for Mr. Davenport, the black inmate convicted of stealing cellphones. When it comes to an inmate’s criminal history, commissioners are supposed to consider convictions only, but G. Kevin Ludlow, a white board member from Utica, pressed him to confess any additional crimes he might have committed. “How many burgs have you done that you haven’t been nailed for?” Mr. Ludlow asked. “There are others out there. What do you figure, five, six? How many?” “No, sir, this is the only one,” Mr. Davenport said. “Not that it matters  —   it was a crime. But this is the only one. ” Though being a parole commissioner is considered a   job, only two days a week are devoted to hearing cases. Monday and Thursday are set aside for travel, and Friday is reserved for interviewing crime victims’ families. Every week, four teams of two or three commissioners are dispatched around the state to administrative offices for video conferences or one of the few facilities where interviews are still conducted in person. The condensed schedule leaves commissioners with little time to prepare. They typically see their cases on the morning of the hearings, when they arrive to find a cardboard box with a stack of folders placed beside their chair. According to data from the Department of Corrections and Community Supervision, the board holds about 12, 000 hearings a year and may conduct as many as 40 interviews a day. In practice, only one commissioner presides over a hearing, while the other two try to pay attention as they read files for upcoming cases, according to four former commissioners whose service on the board spanned from 2000 to 2014. To save time, parole rulings are sometimes drafted beforehand. There are commissioners who come prepared with four or five decisions that they modify slightly to fit particular cases, said Robert Dennison, who was a commissioner from 2000 to 2007 and the board’s chairman for part of that time. “Some of the commissioners’ minds are made up before the guy comes into the room,” he said. Inmates complained that it often seemed as if what they had to say did not matter. At his hearing in January, James McArdelle sounded surprised that the commissioners appeared to be paying attention. “The most I would like to say is thank you for actually listening,” he said at the time. “I have been through parole before. A lot of people don’t listen and have a prejudgment. ” The board has long been understaffed, and it now has 13 commissioners, though as many as 19 may be appointed. Video conferences save time and may cut costs, but the former commissioners interviewed by The Times said they believed the inmates were being shortchanged. “There are things you may not catch if it’s done by video,” said Henry Lemons, who was a commissioner from 2009 to 2012. “A person could have turned his whole life around and walks in holding a Bible. At the interview, I’m just seeing his shoulder, neck and face on the video screen. ” Former commissioners said it was common knowledge on the board that corrections officers sometimes trumped up disciplinary “tickets,” intentionally undermining an inmate’s chances of parole. “The commissioners in some instances are savvy enough to know that somebody who hasn’t had a ticket in years that all of a sudden has a ticket right before a hearing, there might be something going on there,” said Milton Johnson, a former board member who was a Secret Service agent and served for a year ending in 2014. While commissioners are allowed to take time to look into such cases, they almost always weigh inmates’ claims on the spot, Mr. Johnson said. “It’s a very imperfect situation,” he said. Inmates have little recourse to challenge parole decisions. They can appeal to the State Supreme Court, but judges in New York can only order a new parole hearing, not overturn the original decision. Even if the decision is sent back, the appeal process can take two years, and by then an inmate is usually entitled to a new hearing anyway. Last year, a State Supreme Court judge ordered a new hearing for Rudolph Williams, a convicted murderer, and criticized the board for basing its denial on a “boilerplate list of factors” that included letters opposing his release when, in fact, there were no letters at all. An inmate named John Kelly had his hearing last January. “It says here, since Aug. 25, you’ve been taking your associate’s program in liberal arts,” said Gail Hallerdin, the lead commissioner for the hearing. “That’s not me,” Mr. Kelly responded. “What is your first name?” Ms. Hallerdin said. “John Kelly. ” Ms. Hallerdin checked her file. “That was for Thomas Kelly,” she said. It was a jarring example of how unprepared the board can be. Commissioners have complained that they are not always given an inmate’s complete criminal history, and sometimes cannot obtain    records. At times, two or more inmates with the same name were included in the same case file, they said. John Kelly, who was 59 at the time, explained that he had completed only the sixth grade. “I can’t read or write,” he said. He is classified by the corrections department as seriously mentally ill and was homeless when he was arrested for shoplifting at Duane Reade. Despite the confusion, the hearing proceeded, with the commissioners deciding to release Mr. Kelly, who is white. Darryl Dent, a black inmate who, like Mr. Kelly, has an extensive history of petty crime and is severely mentally ill, was not so fortunate. When he stood before the parole board in March, he was serving five to 11 years for stealing a wallet in a Manhattan church, his eighth prison stint for petty theft. “Some people would have given you a life sentence, even though it’s not what people call the crime of the century,” said Ellen Alexander, a commissioner. “I was a little confused because I was hearing voices,” Mr. Dent explained. “They was telling me I should commit crimes before  —   to make money and get involved with girls and stuff  —   and I went along with it. ” For people like Mr. Dent, the parole process can be especially hard to navigate. They have trouble making an argument for themselves. In an interview with a reporter at Sing Sing Correctional Facility in September, Mr. Dent said that during his hearing, he felt rushed and could not think of the right answers quickly enough. He had trouble making eye contact during the interview, continuously rubbed his face and stuck out his tongue compulsively, a possible side effect of antipsychotic medications. He looked older than his years, walked with a limp as he came into the visiting room and said that if released, he would pose no danger to anyone. “I wouldn’t be able to outrun the police,” he said. “I couldn’t lift a box. ” “I really am sorry for the crimes I committed,” he told the commissioners. “I’m tired of coming to jail. I’m 56 years old, and I don’t want to spend the rest of my life in jail. ” Mr. Kelly made an almost identical plea, explaining that he had had two strokes. “I’m done,” he said. “I’ll be 60 years old. I don’t want to die in prison. ” What tipped the scales in favor of Mr. Kelly and against Mr. Dent? The commissioners who heard their cases? The inmates’ mental health on the day of the hearing? The fact that Mr. Kelly was a rare inmate to be interviewed in person, while Mr. Dent spoke via video? Race? Whatever the reason, the white inmate doing time for shoplifting walked out of prison. And the black inmate who stole the wallet was sent back to spend at least two more years behind bars. “Your release would be incompatible with the welfare of society,” the board’s decision said. If there is one factor that drives the selection of commissioners, it is politics. Spots on the board are prime patronage gifts. Many board members have given generously to campaigns. Diversity is seemingly an afterthought. Since 2000, W. William Smith, who joined the board in 1996, has donated nearly $20, 000, mostly to Republican campaigns in the Buffalo area. Commissioner G. Kevin Ludlow has given about $29, 000 since 2004, primarily to conservative and Republican candidates, according to filings with the State Board of Elections. Positions have also been given to Democratic supporters. Joseph Crangle, the son of a longtime Democratic leader, was appointed to the board by Gov. David A. Paterson, a Democrat, in 2008. Mr. Crangle and his family have donated nearly $14, 000, mostly to Democratic candidates. Another commissioner, Lisa Beth Elovich, is the daughter of a former Democratic political leader in Long Beach and a family friend of the former Republican senator Alfonse M. D’Amato. When she was appointed in 2006, she was married to Michael Avella, who was then a counsel to the Republican majority in the State Senate. A request by The Times to interview individual commissioners was denied by the corrections department, which oversees the parole board. Board members are nominated by the governor and confirmed by the State Senate. Selections are typically worked out ahead of time, and at the confirmation hearings nominees usually spend only a few minutes describing their credentials before being approved. These hearings sometimes sound like reunions of upstate law enforcement veterans. At the 2012 hearing, State Senator Patrick M. Gallivan, then a Republican member of the corrections committee and a former sheriff of Erie County, backed the appointment of Marc Coppola, his former deputy sheriff. They joked about it. A committee member asked Mr. Coppola, “Was former Sheriff Gallivan a good boss?” “Yes, he was,” Mr. Coppola said. Henry Lemons, who was the lone black male commissioner for years, was not reappointed when his term expired in 2012, though he had strong credentials. He had spent 20 years with the New York Police Department, 10 years as a narcotics investigator with the Brooklyn district attorney’s office, and five years as a deputy chief investigator for the state attorney general’s office. He said in an interview that while he would have liked to be reappointed, he was unwilling to play politics. “Commissioners who want to play this game must go around to their senators and get letters of support  —   that’s how it works,” he said. “My work should be enough. My decisions, I think, were solid. I didn’t want to have to ask people to write me letters saying, ‘Reappoint Henry Lemons.’ The result? Next year, I’m out. ” Instead, on June 20, 2012, the State Senate confirmed one white woman, four white men and a Hispanic woman, for a time leaving the board without a single black man. There was a rare dissent that day. State Senator Ruth   a Democrat on the corrections committee at the time, declined to cast any confirmation votes. “I have withheld my support of any of the candidates today in protest of the governor’s failure to appoint anyone of African descent,” said Ms.   who is black and whose comments were recorded on video. “There is no way that I can sit here and vote for a board that does not constitute something that for me is about fairness to the numbers of prisoners that are in our prison system. ” None of those on the committee, which is controlled by Republicans, responded to Ms.  ’s remarks. In recent years, the board has become slightly more diverse  —   there is again a single black man, and the chairwoman, Tina Stanford, is also black  —   but nine of the 13 commissioners are white. “The administration has been a strong proponent of bringing more diversity to the Board of Parole,” Jason Elan, a spokesman for Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, said in a statement. “This administration is committed to going even further and will continue to identify for appointment individuals with a broad range of professional expertise, such as social workers, defense attorneys, psychologists and others with criminal justice expertise. ” In June, Mr. Cuomo, a Democrat, nominated five more commissioners, including several minorities, but the corrections committee never held confirmation hearings. Mr. Gallivan, who now leads the corrections committee, said the governor’s office was at fault for submitting the nominations only a few days before the legislative session ended. Diversity would make the parole process fairer, said Mr. Lemons, who was named to the board by Gov. Eliot Spitzer, a Democrat. “If a commissioner is from the suburbs and is an attorney, he may not see things the way I did growing up in ” Mr. Lemons said, referring to the neighborhood in Brooklyn. “I’ve spoken to commissioners who couldn’t understand why a person committed a robbery. But you might interview the person and find out he or she has been on the streets since 16 or 17 because their parents were addicts and they had to live day by day. ” He said he and his colleagues also differed in their views of   crimes. “Many commissioners would say, ‘It’s just a money crime no one was hurt,’” he said. “Well, I’d say the person defrauded this woman out of her money and made off with a quarter of a million dollars. What’s the difference between him and a kid snatching a purse with $15 in it, and he’s doing 10 years? To me, a person with some advantages in life, some education, I expect his conduct to be better. ” The promise of parole  —   early freedom for acknowledging mistakes and behaving well in prison  —   rarely lives up to reality. Around the country, 20 states have dismantled their boards altogether. A primary problem is the arbitrariness in decision making: Why do some inmates go free while others with nearly identical records stay in prison? “The whole field of parole, when you shine a light on it, so much of it is unforgivable,” said Kevin R. Reitz, a director of the Robina Institute of Criminal Law and Criminal Justice at the University of Minnesota Law School. Mr. Reitz was involved in revising the American Law Institute’s Model Penal Code to recommend the elimination of parole release. In 2014, a state judicial commission recommended the elimination of New York’s parole board, but the political leadership in Albany has taken no action. New York State officials over the past 20 years have adopted a hybrid system of release that is less reliant on parole. About half the state’s inmates, including most drug offenders, now receive what is called a determinate sentence, a fixed period of incarceration with limited opportunity for early release. Instead of getting a   to   sentence for selling drugs, an offender may receive a sentence of three years. The Times analyzed a decade’s worth of state prison data and found that doing away with parole eliminated the racial disparity in release rates. But it also kept inmates of all races in prison longer  —   which makes determinate sentences unpopular with inmate advocates. A central purpose of parole is to give inmates an incentive to rehabilitate themselves, said Jack Beck, a director of the Correctional Association of New York, a watchdog group empowered by the state to monitor prison conditions. “Determinate sentences undermine the whole philosophy that incarceration should be a time for people to prepare themselves to integrate back into society,” Mr. Beck said. In an effort to make the parole process more objective, New York implemented a   tool called Compas in 2012 that seeks to measure an inmate’s chances for success upon release. Prisoners fill out a   assessment form that includes their criminal history, education background and mental health status. They also answer a long list of hypothetical questions about managing money, avoiding risky situations and controlling their tempers. Based on their answers, they are assigned scores of one to 10 that assess how likely they are to commit new crimes. Theoretically, the lower the score, the lower the risk. Commissioners are required to take Compas into consideration, but they can ignore the results if they find that other factors, including the severity of the original crime, are more compelling. In the 109 parole hearing transcripts reviewed by The Times, Compas scores were usually given a perfunctory mention but rarely appeared to be the deciding factor. The Cuomo administration recently proposed regulations that would require a detailed written explanation from commissioners if they decided to ignore Compas. The regulations would also require the board to give special consideration to inmates who were convicted when they were juveniles and sentenced to a potential maximum of life in prison, taking into account their age at the time of the crime as well as “any demonstrated growth and maturity. ” But at a time when the state is specifying a detailed checklist of variables parole commissioners must consider, race is not even on the list. In fact, the state has never studied its effect on board decisions. And so the inequities continue. Braxton Bostic, a young black man, was 17 in 2014 when he and a group of friends stole money from a purse in a church. A judge gave him probation, but he missed two meetings with his probation officer and was sent to prison to serve one to three years. Robert Summa, a    white man, has a record dating to 1992 for theft and drug possession. In 2003, he was convicted of mugging and robbing a    woman and sent to prison for nine years. Within a year of being released, he was convicted again, for robbing a Staten Island deli, and was sentenced to 3½ to 7 years. He has spent 12 of the past 15 years in prison. The men had similar prison disciplinary records. Mr. Bostic had one minor infraction for creating a disturbance and being out of place Mr. Summa had two minor infractions, according to the hearing transcript. But he also had a certificate indicating that he had completed all of his programs, which Mr. Bostic did not have. Both said they had family and jobs waiting if they were released. Mr. Bostic expressed remorse, telling the board that he had been hanging around with the wrong crowd. “There’s really no excuse for why I did it,” he said. “I was hurting my mother, my father. They’re the only ones sending me money and letters. ” Mr. Summa was more vague about his crimes. “It is actually not that I am stealing,” he told them. “It is that I buy these things from people in the neighborhood. I know they are stolen when I bought them, but for the price I get them, I can’t say no. ” The board sent Mr. Bostic back to prison for at least a year he is incarcerated at Wyoming Correctional Facility. Mr. Summa was freed in July. But that did not last. In September, he was caught on video robbing a Chinese restaurant on Staten Island. He told the police he had been drinking heavily, blacked out and did not remember committing the robbery, though he pleaded guilty after seeing the security video. Shortly afterward, a reporter visited him on Rikers Island to ask about the board’s decision to release him. Mr. Summa said that given his lengthy criminal history, he had not expected it. “I was surprised,” he said.",0
1621,Quiz: How Many Of These Things Did You Google Immediately After Watching ‘The Social Network’?,"Email ‘The Social Network’ is an award-winning film about Facebook written by Aaron Sorkin. It is the story of how the gorgeous Mark Zuckerberg stole the incredible website Facebook.com from the incredible, wonderful, and intelligent and horrendous Winklevoss twins. When you are done watching ‘The Social Network,’ you will be curious about many things from the movie, and zero seconds after the end credits roll, you will begin using Google to find answers to your ‘Social Network’-related questions. How many of these things did you Google immediately after watching ‘The Social Network’? Take this quiz to find out! 1. Please check off all of the phrases you Googled immediately after you finished watching The Social Network : did mark zuckerberg teach aaron sorkin to swim as a reward for making the social network? Should Winklevoss Twins actors eat Winklevoss Twins real? is it legal to sue Mark Zuckerberg if my cousin bit my thumb off while the social network was playing in a different room of the house? mark zuckerberg hair for sale (donkey food) feed mark zuckerberg hair to donkey Will Mark Zuckerberg’s hair kill my donkey or make my donkey louder? foods that will make jesse eisenberg a baby again Jesse Eisenberg (infant at last once more) again baby Jesse Eisenberg Facebook Aaron Sorkin + yelling (jail for sorkin) did aaron sorkin call the sun his wife? Aaron Sorkin says “the sun is my wife” (video) aaron sorkin pointing to the sun and saying “there goes my wife the sun, she bit me” What is the name of the left Winklevoss twin? are the winklevoss twins allowed to hide from each other? if the winklevoss twins hide from each other are the police legally required to go to aaron sorkin’s house and cut him in half with a sword and then say, “we did this because the winklevoss twins hid from each other?” did my wife switch religions while I was watching the social network? wife religion different after the social network? new god for wife after Facebook movie? wife neglects CHRIST because of aaron sorkin windowless church of unknown purpose becomes my wife’s home after Zuckerberg flick? jesse eisenberg on a ladder EYES OPEN Mark Zuckerberg + Edward Snowden are father and son? does peter thiel have a Jackal noise inside of him? peter thiel haunted by jackals? Jackal God chases Peter Thiel through the grocery store? peter thiel calling Terminex to rid house of immortal jackals (audio only) Jesse Eisenberg gold chain allergy sequel to the social network is coming out during which Olympics? Pics of Winklevoss twins breaking a wishbone Winklevoss twins buying huge bag of wishbones no meat (video + commentary) Mark Zuckerberg ultimate roller rink disappearance 2 guyz tiny eyez Winklevoss twins switch brains every time they shake hands? which Winklevoss man is going to heaven How Good Are You At Using Google To Find Out About Gorgeous Zuckerberg And His Movie? Results for How Many Of These Things Did You Google Immediately After Watching ‘The Social Network’? Via Columbia Pictures You’ve Never Google Anything After Watching 'The Social Network'! I have news that will make Grief your emperor: You do not ever Google even one thing after you watch 'The Social Network.' When the movie is finished you think, “I have solved all of the riddles of this film, and there are no further mysteries about gorgeous Zuckerberg that I need to solve.” Then you go to sleep and dream the indecipherable nightmares of the willfully ignorant. When the universe starts over again and you are born for the seventh time, please try to Google more things after you watch 'The Social Network.' Share Your Results",0
1622,Japan’s $320 Million Gamble at Fukushima: An Underground Ice Wall - The New York Times,"FUKUSHIMA DAIICHI NUCLEAR POWER STATION  —   The part above ground doesn’t look like much, a few silver pipes running in a straight line, dwarfed by the far more massive, scarred reactor buildings nearby. More impressive is what is taking shape unseen beneath: an underground wall of frozen dirt 100 feet deep and nearly a mile in length, intended to solve a runaway water crisis threatening the devastated Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Station in Japan. Officially named the   Impermeable Wall, but better known simply as the ice wall, the project sounds like a fanciful idea from science fiction or a James Bond film. But it is about to become a reality in an ambitious, and controversial, bid to halt an unrelenting flood of groundwater into the damaged reactor buildings since the disaster five years ago when an earthquake and a tsunami caused a triple meltdown. Built by the central government at a cost of 35 billion yen, or some $320 million, the ice wall is intended to seal off the reactor buildings within a vast,   barrier of   permafrost. If it becomes successfully operational as soon as this autumn, the frozen soil will act as a dam to block new groundwater from entering the buildings. It will also help stop leaks of radioactive water into the nearby Pacific Ocean, which have decreased significantly since the calamity but may be continuing. However, the ice wall has also been widely criticized as an expensive and overly complex solution that may not even work. Such concerns   this month after the plant’s operator announced that a section that was switched on more than four months ago had yet to fully freeze. Some also warn that the wall, which is electrically powered, may prove as vulnerable to natural disasters as the plant itself, which lost the ability to cool its reactors after the   tsunami caused a blackout there. The reactor buildings are vulnerable to an influx of groundwater because of how the operator, Tokyo Electric Power Co. or Tepco, built the plant in the 1960s, by cutting away a hillside to place it closer to the sea, so the plant could pump in water more easily. That also put the buildings in contact with a deep layer of permeable rock filled with water, mostly rain and melted snow from the nearby Abukuma Mountains, that flows to the Pacific. The buildings managed to keep the water out until the accident on March 11, 2011. Either the natural disasters themselves, or the explosive meltdowns of three of the plant’s six reactors that followed, are believed to have cracked the buildings’ basements, allowing groundwater to pour in. Nearly 40, 000 gallons of water a day keep flooding into the buildings. Once inside, the water becomes highly radioactive, impeding efforts to eventually dismantle the plant. During the accident, the uranium fuel grew so hot that some of it is believed to have melted through the reactor’s steel floors and possibly into the basement underneath, though no one knows exactly where it lies. The continual flood of radioactive water has prevented engineers from searching for the fuel. Since the accident, five robots sent into the reactor buildings have failed to return because of high radiation levels and obstruction from debris. The water has also created a   nightmare because Tepco must pump it out into holding tanks as quickly as it enters the buildings, to prevent it from overflowing into the Pacific. The company says that it has built more than 1, 000 tanks that now hold more than 800, 000 tons of radioactive water, enough to fill more than 320   swimming pools. On a recent visit to the plant, workers were busily erecting more durable, welded tanks to replace the temporary ones thrown up in a hurry during the early years after the accident, some of which have leaked. Every available patch of space on the sprawling plant grounds now appears to be filled with   tanks. “We have to escape from this cycle of ever more water building up inside the plant,” said Yuichi Okamura, a general manager of Tepco’s nuclear power division who guided a reporter through Fukushima Daiichi. About 7, 000 workers are employed in the cleanup. The ice wall is a   bid to break that cycle by installing what might be the world’s largest freezer. Pipes almost 100 feet long have been sunk into the ground at roughly   intervals, and filled with a brine solution supercooled to minus 30 degrees Celsius, or minus 22 Fahrenheit. Each pipe is supposed to freeze a column of soil about a foot and a half in radius, large enough to reach the ice column created by its neighboring pipes and form a seamless barrier. Engineers with the wall’s builder, the construction giant Kajima Corp. estimate that it will take about two months for the soil around a pipe to fully freeze. Solidifying the entire wall, which consists of 1, 568 such underground pipes, will require 30 large refrigeration units and consume enough electricity to light more than 13, 000 Japanese homes for a year. The technique of using frozen barriers to block groundwater has been used to build tunnels and mines around the world, but not on this scale. And certainly not on the site of a major nuclear disaster. Since the start, the project has attracted its share of skeptics. Some say buried obstacles at the plant, including tunnels that linked the reactor buildings to other structures, will leave holes in the ice wall, making it more like a sieve. Others question why such an exotic solution is necessary when a traditional steel or concrete wall might perform better. Some call the ice wall a flashy but desperate gambit to tame the water problem, after the government and Tepco were initially slow to address it. Adding to the urgency is the 2020 Olympics, which Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan helped win for Tokyo three years ago by assuring the International Olympic Committee that the water troubles at Fukushima Daiichi were under control. “It’s a Hail Mary play,” said Azby Brown, a   researcher for Safecast, an independent   group. “Tepco underestimated the groundwater problem in the beginning, and now Japan is trying to catch up with a massive technical fix that is very expensive. ” Supporters and skeptics alike will soon learn if that gambit will succeed. After two years of work, Kajima finished installing the pipes and refrigerator units to create the ice wall in February. At the end of March, it switched on part of the ice wall for the first time  —   roughly half a mile that runs between the reactor buildings and the Pacific. Most of the other, uphill side of the wall was activated in  . Kajima is freezing the wall in stages under orders from the Nuclear Regulation Authority, Japan’s nuclear watchdog. The authority is concerned that cutting off the groundwater too suddenly might lead to a reversal of flows, causing the radioactive water accumulated inside the reactor buildings to start pouring out into the surrounding soil, possibly reaching the Pacific. It has told Kajima to leave a   “gateways” in the uphill side that will not be closed until much of the contaminated water is drained from the buildings. This month, Tepco told the nuclear agency that the seaside segment of the ice wall had frozen about 99 percent solid. It says a few spots have failed to solidify because they contain buried rubble or sand left from the plant’s construction a   ago, which now allow groundwater to flow through so quickly that it will not freeze. Tatsuhiro Yamagishi, a spokesman for Tepco, said the company was trying to plug these holes in the ice wall with   cement. “We have started to see some progress in temperature decrease,” he said. Even if the cement helps make the ice wall watertight, skeptics question how long it can last. They point out that such frozen barriers are usually temporary against groundwater at construction sites. They say the brine solution used to chill the pipes is highly corrosive, which could make them break or leak. It is also unclear whether the system could break down under the stresses of operating in a   environment where another earthquake could lead to another power loss. “Why build such an elaborate and fragile wall when there is a more permanent solution available?” said Sumio Mabuchi, a former construction minister who has called for building a slurry wall, a trench filled with liquid concrete that is commonly used to block water. Isao Abe, a Kajima engineer overseeing the ice wall, said his company had made the wall more durable by installing underground pipes that are easy to replace if they corrode. He also said the ice wall was   meaning that if another earthquake caused cracks, any incoming water would freeze right away, restoring the wall. He also said it would take months for the wall to thaw, giving engineers ample time to restore power even if the plant has another outage. Mr. Abe said the wall was intended to operate until 2021, giving Tepco five more years to find and plug the holes in the reactor buildings, though skeptics say this difficult task will require more time. Mr. Abe also pointed out that the ice wall was part of a broader strategy for containing the radioactive water. Before installing the ice wall, Kajima also built a conventional steel wall underground along the plant’s border with the Pacific last year. Tepco says that wall has already stopped all measurable leaks of radioactive materials into the sea. However, some scientists say that radioactive water may still be seeping through layers of permeable rock that lie deep below the plant, emptying into the Pacific far offshore. They say the only way to eliminate all leaks would be to repair the buildings once and for all. Even if the ice wall works, Tepco will face the herculean task of dealing with the huge amounts of contaminated water that have accumulated. The company has installed filtering systems that can remove all nuclear particles but one, a radioactive form of hydrogen known as tritium. The central government and Tepco have yet to figure out what to do with the   water proposals to dilute and dump it into the Pacific have met with resistance from local fishermen, and risk an international backlash. For now, the only visible sign that the freezing has begun are    patches of ice that have formed on top of the aboveground, silver pipes. At one spot, the No. 4 reactor building loomed, an enormous cube six stories tall with concrete sides that showed large gashes left by the tsunami. “The water is here, just three meters beneath our feet,” said Mr. Okamura, the Tepco general manager, who stood near the pipes wearing a white protective suit, goggles and a surgical mask. “It still flows into the building, unseen, without stopping. ”",0
1623,Deterioration of Interracial Relations During Barack Obama’s Presidency,"Leave a Reply Click here to get more info on formatting (1) Leave the name field empty if you want to post as Anonymous. It's preferable that you choose a name so it becomes clear who said what. E-mail address is not mandatory either. The website automatically checks for spam. Please refer to our moderation policies for more details. We check to make sure that no comment is mistakenly marked as spam. This takes time and effort, so please be patient until your comment appears. Thanks. (2) 10 replies to a comment are the maximum. (3) Here are formating examples which you can use in your writing:<b>bold text</b> results in bold text <i>italic text</i> results in italic text (You can also combine two formating tags with each other, for example to get bold-italic text.)<em>emphasized text</em> results in emphasized text <strong>strong text</strong> results in strong text <q>a quote text</q> results in a quote text (quotation marks are added automatically) <cite>a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited</cite> results in: a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited <blockquote>a heavier version of quoting a block of text...</blockquote> results in: a heavier version of quoting a block of text that can span several lines. Use these possibilities appropriately. They are meant to help you create and follow the discussions in a better way. They can assist in grasping the content value of a comment more quickly. and last but not least:<a href=''http://link-address.com''>Name of your link</a> results in Name of your link (4) No need to use this special character in between paragraphs:  ; You do not need it anymore. Just write as you like and your paragraphs will be separated. The ""Live Preview"" appears automatically when you start typing below the text area and it will show you how your comment will look like before you send it. (5) If you now think that this is too confusing then just ignore the code above and write as you like. Name:",0
1624,PETER THIEL’S NATIONAL PRESS CLUB SPEECH…,Home › VIDEO › PETER THIEL’S NATIONAL PRESS CLUB SPEECH… PETER THIEL’S NATIONAL PRESS CLUB SPEECH… 0 SHARES Post navigation,0
1625,Leftists Disrupt GOP Lawmaker’s Town Hall Over Health Care Bill — ‘People Will Die’ - Breitbart,"The nationwide effort to disrupt town hall meetings of members of Congress continued earlier this week when Rep. Tim Walberg ( ) attempted to conduct a Q and A with his constituents in Jackson, Mich. [Walberg was continually interrupted when he tried to answer questions, with people shouting slogans in unison, many of those reflecting the sentiment expressed on townhallproject. com, a website sponsored by moveon. org, the Center for American Progress, and Indivisible.  The website includes instructions for sign making and provides specific questions that should be asked at the town halls, all of them opposing the policies of President Donald Trump and the   Congress. Many of the people at Walberg’s town hall stood for much of the   meeting, even after they were asked to remain seated, and held up signs that read “24 million,” the Democrats’ talking point on how many people will lose their insurance if the American Health Care Act replaces the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare. People chanted “single payer,” “tell the truth,” “shame” and “people will die” and asked Walberg questions promoted by the left, including questions about President Donald Trump’s tax returns and whether Walberg supports calling for a special prosecutor to investigate Trump’s alleged ties to the Russians and the firing of James Comey as FBI director. Walberg attempted to answer all of the questions posed, even after it became clear that, as Walberg put it, “community organizers” had infiltrated the town hall. The media covering Walberg’s town hall offered a different perspective, including the Detroit Metro News, which ran a story with the headline “U. S. Rep. Tim Walberg’s town hall meeting in Jackson was a hot mess. ” “This isn’t the first time a Republicans’ town hall meeting did not go smoothly, and it most certainly won’t be the last,” the article said. “At the end of the video you can hear the crowd shouting “shame” over and over and many boos as well,” the article said.  “Walberg did tell MLive that he feels optimistic about the town halls, though, and has done one in every county he represents in 2017. ” VIDEO: 50:30  —   58:00  —   relevant chants, ",0
1626,"Russia Extends Aleppo Ceasefire Through Friday, Urges Rebels to Leave","Rebels: Leaving Aleppo 'Completely Out of the Question' by Jason Ditz, November 02, 2016 Share This 
Some two weeks after initially announcing what was going to be an eight hour ceasefire in Aleppo, Russia has continued to hold their fire, and today announced an extension of the operation through Friday , calling on the rebels to take the opportunity to withdraw from the city. 
While on the one hand this marks an extension of the ceasefire, the Friday deadline may amount to Russia’s government announcing an upcoming end to the pause. This comes a day after Russian officials warned the rebel offensives around Aleppo were jeopardizing the ceasefire, and a few days after Russian President Vladimir Putin rejected a call from the Defense Ministry to resume strikes. 
The rebels fighting in Aleppo have rejected Russia’s call to withdraw from the city by Friday evening as “ completely out of the question ,” insisting they intend to remain in the city to prevent allowing it to fall into the hands of the Russian military. 
Of course, Russia’s involvement has only been airstrikes in Aleppo, with the fighting on the ground all between the Nusra Front-led rebels and the Syrian military. The military has been seen to have a major advantage recently, though a rebel offensive over the weekend may have turned the tables, and is likely to reason why there is growing pressure from Russia’s Defense Ministry to resume the airstrikes. 
Russia has promised two corridors through which rebels can leave the city, and said they will allow them to take their weapons with them. The offer is similar to deals wherein rebel factions withdrew from small suburbs around Damascus, but of course on a much grander scale. That the rebels have already rejected it, however, suggests they believe they are not defeated yet. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
1627,Hillary Clinton is an Alcoholic Drunk - Wikileaks,"
A new Wikileaks email just exposed that Hillary Clinton loves to drink. This is coming from Wikileaks. In one telling line in a new WikiLeaks drop, John Podesta and communications aide Jennifer Palmieri are caught discussing whether to “sober her up some.”
A new WikiLeaks email ID 25842 reveals that Hillary was boozed up until 4:30 in the afternoon.
“Should I call her and talk this through or better leave with you?” Podesta asked at 2 p.m. “I’m worried she’ll get on with Cheryl [Mills] and we’ll end up in a bad place.”
Then Palmieri responds to Podesta:
“ I think you should call her and sober her up some ”, she said.
We need to get this out there! Even her own staff think that she is a drunk.
Check out this video below of Hillary Clinton drunk.
Hillary is not a good choice for President. She is not going to make it through the stress and the negotiations.
God bless Trump for standing up to this drunkard. Trump doesn’t drink. Should we elect an alcoholic as president?


Source 
",0
1628,Scotland warns of no access to EU single market after Brexit,"Scotland warns of no access to EU single market after Brexit Scotland warns of no access to EU single market after Brexit By 0 149 
Scottish Secretary of State David Mundell has warned about the consequences of the UK’s withdrawal from the European Union (EU), saying Brexit would cut access to the single market. 
Mundell told members of the Scottish Parliament on Thursday that neither Scotland nor any other part of the UK was going to get a “special deal” during the negotiations with the EU. 
“So there are very specific issues to specific industries, but there won’t be special deals and it’s absolutely wrong to characterize a suggestion that certain areas of the country will get a special deal and Scotland will not,” he said. 
“I accept on one level, if we are leaving the EU then essentially we are leaving the single market but access to the single market can, I think, continue in a way that doesn’t involve tariffs or barriers,” the secretary continued. 
British and Scottish officials have long been engaged in a war of words over the Brexit process, with Scotland asking for…",0
1629,What Donald Trump Learned From Joseph McCarthy’s Right-Hand Man - The New York Times,"The future Mrs. Donald J. Trump was puzzled. She had been summoned to a lunch meeting with her    and his lawyer to review a prenuptial agreement. It required that, should the couple split, she return everything  —   cars, furs, rings  —   that Mr. Trump might give her during their marriage. Sensing her sorrow, Mr. Trump apologized, Ivana Trump later testified in a divorce deposition. He said it was his lawyer’s idea. “It is just one of those Roy Cohn numbers,” Mr. Trump told her. The year was 1977, and Mr. Cohn’s reputation was well established. He had been Senator Joseph McCarthy’s   consigliere. He had helped send the Rosenbergs to the electric chair for spying and elect Richard M. Nixon president. Then New York’s most feared lawyer, Mr. Cohn had a client list that ran the gamut from the disreputable to the  : Anthony (Fat Tony) Salerno, Claus von Bulow, George Steinbrenner. But there was one client who occupied a special place in Roy Cohn’s famously cold heart: Donald J. Trump. For Mr. Cohn, who died of AIDS in 1986, weeks after being disbarred for flagrant ethical violations, Mr. Trump was something of a final project. If Fred Trump got his son’s career started, bringing him into the family business of   rentals in Brooklyn and Queens, Mr. Cohn ushered him across the river and into Manhattan, introducing him to the social and political elite while ferociously defending him against a growing list of enemies. Decades later, Mr. Cohn’s influence on Mr. Trump is unmistakable. Mr. Trump’s wrecking ball of a presidential bid  —   the gleeful smearing of his opponents, the embracing of bluster as brand  —   has been a Roy Cohn number on a grand scale. Mr. Trump’s response to the Orlando massacre, with his ominous warnings of a terrorist attack that could wipe out the country and his conspiratorial suggestions of a Muslim fifth column in the United States, seemed to have been ripped straight out of the Cohn playbook. “I hear Roy in the things he says quite clearly,” said Peter Fraser, who as Mr. Cohn’s lover for the last two years of his life spent a great deal of time with Mr. Trump. “That bravado, and if you say it aggressively and loudly enough, it’s the truth  —   that’s the way Roy used to operate to a degree, and Donald was certainly his apprentice. ” For 13 years, the lawyer who had infamously whispered in McCarthy’s ear whispered in Mr. Trump’s. In the process, Mr. Cohn helped deliver some of Mr. Trump’s signature construction deals, sued the National Football League for conspiring against his client and countersued the federal government  —   for $100 million  —   for damaging the Trump name. One of Mr. Trump’s executives recalled that he kept an     photograph of Mr. Cohn in his office desk, pulling it out to intimidate recalcitrant contractors. The two men spoke as often as five times a day, toasted each other at birthday parties and spent evenings together at Studio 54. And Mr. Cohn turned repeatedly to Mr. Trump  —   one of a small clutch of people who knew he was gay  —   in his hours of need. When a former companion was dying of AIDS, he asked Mr. Trump to find him a place to stay. When he faced disbarment, he summoned Mr. Trump to testify to his character. Mr. Trump says the two became so close that Mr. Cohn, who had no immediate family, sometimes refused to bill him, insisting he could not charge a friend. “Roy was an era,” Mr. Trump said in an interview, reflecting on his years with Mr. Cohn. “They either loved him or couldn’t stand him, which was fine. ” Mr. Trump was asked if this reminded him of anyone. “Yeah,” he answered. “It does, come to think of it. ” The gossip columnist Cindy Adams, who knew everyone, had no idea who he was. “This kid is going to own New York someday,” Mr. Cohn told her, gesturing at a tall   bachelor at a dinner party in the early 1970s. “This is Donald Trump. ” “Yeah, so?” Ms. Adams recalled replying. Mr. Cohn, the son of a prominent New York judge, had taken an uncommon interest in Mr. Trump. The two had met not long before at a private disco called Le Club, and instantly hit it off while discussing a nettlesome obstacle for Mr. Trump. The Civil Rights Division of the Justice Department was suing him and his father, accusing them of refusing to rent to black tenants. Mr. Trump told Mr. Cohn that their lawyers were urging them to settle. “Tell them to go to hell and fight the thing in court,’” Mr. Trump later recalled Mr. Cohn advising him. Mr. Trump did just that, with Mr. Cohn as his lawyer. Not only did Mr. Cohn countersue the government for $100 million, he filed a blistering affidavit on Mr. Trump’s behalf, mocking the case. “The Civil Rights Division did not file a lawsuit,” Mr. Cohn wrote. “It slapped together a piece of paper for use as a press release. ” The Trumps ultimately settled the case by agreeing to make apartments available to minority renters, while admitting no wrongdoing. For Mr. Trump, the benefits of his new representation were obvious. Mr. Cohn was one of the most famous and feared lawyers in America. He would later appear on the cover of Esquire beneath an ironic halo, and earn a posthumous parody on “The Simpsons. ” But Mr. Cohn saw something in Mr. Trump, too. “He could sniff out a    Roy could,” said Susan Bell, Mr. Cohn’s longtime secretary. After helping convict the Rosenbergs as a young federal prosecutor and then working in Washington as a top aide to McCarthy, Mr. Cohn had returned to New York, starting a boutique practice in his shabby but elegant townhouse on East 68th Street. The division of labor in the firm was clear. “We called him the rainmaker,” said Michael Rosen, a partner who handled many of the firm’s   cases. “We did all of the grunt work, if grunt work means preparing the case and trying the case. ” Mr. Cohn lived on the third floor, often traipsing downstairs in his bathrobe well after the workday had begun and taking clients upstairs to a small sun porch. The elevator rarely worked. In the winter, the lawyers stuffed towels around the windows to keep out the cold. Parties and business meetings tended to blur, with celebrities like Andy Warhol and Estée Lauder crowding in and spilling out. “That townhouse was a workhorse,” recalled Mr. Trump, a familiar presence there himself. He and Mr. Cohn became social companions, lunching at “21” or spending evenings at Yankee Stadium in the owner’s box of Mr. Steinbrenner, another Cohn client. After Mr. Fraser entered Mr. Cohn’s life, the two were frequent dinner guests at Donald and Ivana’s Trump Tower apartment, with its   murals. They were also regulars at Mr. Trump’s box at the Meadowlands, the home of his sports team, the New Jersey Generals of the   United States Football League. Mr. Cohn was the master of ceremonies at a Trump birthday party at Studio 54 years later, Mr. Trump returned the favor with a birthday toast of his own at a party in the atrium of Trump Tower, joking that Mr. Cohn was more bark than bite. “We just tell the opposition Roy Cohn is representing me, and they get scared,” Mr. Trump said, according to a cousin of Mr. Cohn’s, David L. Marcus, who attended. “He never actually does anything. ” Among the many things Mr. Trump learned from Mr. Cohn during these years was the importance of keeping one’s name in the newspapers. Long before Mr. Trump posed as his own spokesman, passing   tidbits to gossip columnists, Mr. Cohn was known to call in stories about himself to reporters. It was also through Mr. Cohn that Mr. Trump met the political operative who has played a leading, if    role in his campaign: Roger Stone. When Mr. Stone, the roguish former Nixon adviser and master of the political dark arts, came to New York in 1979 to court support for Ronald Reagan’s presidential bid, he arrived with a box of index cards filled with the names of actors and producers. And Roy Cohn. “I made an appointment and I pitched him on Reagan, and he said, ‘You have to meet Donald and Fred Trump,’” Mr. Stone recalled in an interview. Eventually, Mr. Cohn and Mr. Trump became so inseparable that those who could not track down Mr. Cohn knew whom to call. Once, Mr. Cohn chartered a plane with friends, without Mr. Trump, trashing it during a midair party. He refused to pay. So the airline found Mr. Trump, asking if he could help. He called Mr. Cohn, more amused than concerned. “I said, ‘Roy, what are you going to do about this? I mean, you destroyed the plane,’” Mr. Trump recalled. “He said, ‘Eh, we’ll pay them someday. ’” By the time Mr. Trump started getting serious with a Czech model named Ivana Winklmayr, Mr. Cohn had become something of an expert on marriage. “It’s difficult to imagine and admit that the flush of the moment may become the flush of the toilet as the relationship goes down the tubes,” he wrote about the importance of prenuptial agreements in his book “How to Stand Up for Your Rights  —   and Win!” According to “Trump: The Greatest Show on Earth,” a book by the journalist Wayne Barrett, Mr. Cohn advised Mr. Trump against marrying Ms. Winklmayr, but insisted that if he must, there had to be a prenuptial agreement. He would handle it himself. The agreement, completed only weeks before the wedding, did not quantify Mr. Trump’s net worth  —   “impossible to accurately determine due to the illiquid nature of his holdings”  —   and took a bearish view of Mr. Trump’s earning potential and a modest view of his tastes. “Donald’s standard of living is basically simple,” it said, calling Mr. Trump’s preferred lifestyle “neither opulent nor extravagant. ” When the marriage dissolved a few years after Mr. Cohn’s death, Mrs. Trump’s lawyers charged that she had not had proper representation on the prenup. Her initial lawyer had worked for Mr. Cohn on at least one case, and was a frequent passenger on Mr. Cohn’s yacht, the Defiance. The divorce case eventually ended with a settlement. The prenup was just one of many Trump deals, some more conventional than others, in which Mr. Cohn was intimately involved. He used his connections to help Mr. Trump secure zoning variances and tax abatements critical to the construction of the Grand Hyatt Hotel and the Trump Plaza. After one Cohn coup, Mr. Trump rewarded him with a pair of   cuff links and buttons in a Bulgari box. And if Mr. Cohn did not always feel comfortable charging a friend for his services, Mr. Trump was hardly one to put up a fight. “Roy said, ‘I’ll leave it to Donald to give me what he thinks is fair,’” Mr. Fraser recalled of one lengthy Trump tax case in particular. “But, of course, Donald didn’t give him anything. ” Some work would have been difficult to bill. For instance, Mr. Cohn lobbied his friends in the Reagan White House to nominate Mr. Trump’s sister Maryanne Trump Barry to the federal bench. (Questioned last year about this, Mr. Trump said his sister “got the appointment totally on her own merit. ”) “He was a very good lawyer if he wanted to be,” Mr. Trump said in the interview. Asked about Mr. Cohn in 1980, Mr. Trump was more blunt in his assessment: “He’s been vicious to others in his protection of me. ” It started with a cut that would not stop bleeding. Mr. Cohn’s diagnosis came not long after his former companion, Russell Eldridge, had gotten his. Mr. Eldridge had spent most of his final days in a private suite overlooking Central Park in Mr. Trump’s Barbizon Plaza Hotel. Ms. Bell, Mr. Cohn’s secretary, recalled that Mr. Trump’s secretary, Norma Foerderer, had billed Mr. Cohn for the room, and later called to say that Mr. Cohn had not paid. “I said, ‘Guess what, Norma, he’s not going to,’” Ms. Bell said. “And she kind of knew it. ” Mr. Cohn remained in his townhouse. Until the end  —   and even under interrogation by Mike Wallace on “60 Minutes”  —   he insisted that he had liver cancer, not AIDS. He received experimental AZT treatments in Washington and continued working. But his clients could not help but notice that his health was deteriorating. Mr. Trump started gradually moving cases elsewhere, he said, never telling Mr. Cohn why. “There’s no reason to hurt somebody’s feelings,” he said. “He was so weak,” Mr. Trump added. “He was so weakened that he really couldn’t do it. ” Mr. Cohn never spoke about Mr. Trump’s decision, but was plainly crushed, according to Ms. Bell. She remembers it happening not gradually, but “overnight. ” Even as his health was failing, Mr. Cohn, whom government prosecutors had unsuccessfully pursued for decades on charges including conspiracy, bribery and fraud, faced a final indignity: He was facing the prospect of disbarment. Among other offenses, he was charged with coercing a dying multimillionaire client  —   during a   visit to the man’s hospital room  —   to amend his will to make Mr. Cohn an executor of his estate. The hearings were closed to the public. But true to form, Mr. Cohn, riding to the daily proceedings in a red Cadillac convertible, insisted on a spectacle, describing his accusers as “a bunch of   just out to smear me up. ” The prominent figures whom Mr. Cohn summoned to testify on his behalf included Barbara Walters and William F. Buckley Jr. And, of course, Mr. Trump. He described his friend in simple terms. “If I summed it up in one word,” Mr. Trump told the hearing panel, “I think the primary word I’d use is his loyalty. ” Gaunt, frail and besieged, Mr. Cohn nevertheless managed to attend a dinner with Mr. Fraser at    in Palm Beach, Fla. shortly after Mr. Trump purchased the property in late 1985. It was a last glimpse at his final,   project. “I made Trump successful,” he would occasionally boast, according to Mr. Marcus, Mr. Cohn’s cousin, a former journalist who chronicled Mr. Cohn’s last months for Vanity Fair. In June 1986, Mr. Cohn was disbarred for “unethical,” “unprofessional” and “particularly reprehensible” conduct. To this day, Mr. Trump rues the outcome. “They only got him because he was so sick,” Mr. Trump said in the interview. “They wouldn’t have gotten him otherwise. ” During his final days, Mr. Cohn called Mr. Trump, ostensibly for no particular reason. “It was just a call: ‘How are things going? ’” Mr. Trump recalled. “Roy was the kind of guy  —   I don’t think he ever thought he was dying, frankly. ” About a week later, in August 1986, Mr. Trump received another call. Mr. Trump hung up the phone, repeating the news to an associate in his office: Roy Cohn was dead. “I said, ‘Wow, that’s the end of a generation,’” Mr. Trump remembered. “‘That’s the end of an era. ’” Mr. Fraser inherited all of Mr. Cohn’s possessions: the townhouse, his weekend place in Greenwich, Conn. his   his private plane and much more. But the Internal Revenue Service, collecting on Mr. Cohn’s tax debts, confiscated nearly everything. He did get to keep the cuff links Mr. Trump had given Mr. Cohn. Years later, Mr. Fraser had them appraised they were knockoffs, he said. Mr. Fraser soon returned to his native New Zealand, where he now works as a conservationist at the Auckland Zoo. He has not spoken with Mr. Trump since Mr. Cohn’s death, but he has no doubt that if his former lover were still alive, he would be an enthusiastic supporter of the Trump campaign. “Having trained or mentored someone who became president,” he said, “that would have been quite exciting for Roy. ”",0
1630,Gas Prices Surge in South After Pipeline Leak - The New York Times,"ATLANTA  —   Gasoline prices increased again across the Deep South on Monday, 10 days after the discovery in Alabama of a pipeline rupture that threatened fuel supplies and prompted worries about environmental contamination. The AAA motor club said that Monday’s average price of a gallon of regular gasoline in Georgia was nearly $2. 32, up from $2. 26 on Sunday and about $2. 10 the previous Monday. Prices also increased in Alabama, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee and Virginia, even as state officials asked drivers to conserve supplies and avoid topping off their tanks. “I urge the public to maintain regular consumption levels and travel schedules in order to reduce further interruption in fuel supply,” Gov. Nathan Deal of Georgia said in a statement. The rising prices and sporadic uncertainty here followed the rupture of a   pipeline that ordinarily carries about 1. 3 million barrels of refined gasoline a day. Colonial Pipeline, which operates the system and shut down the line soon after the discovery of the leak on Sept. 9, said up to 336, 000 gallons might have been spilled in Shelby County, Ala. south of Birmingham. Colonial said that it was installing a bypass and that the line could resume normal operations this week. Industry observers said the effects of the disruption would fade once gas was again flowing freely. “Prices are likely to rise even further until the pipeline is fully restored,” said Mark Jenkins, a spokesman for AAA. “Once repaired, prices should quickly begin to decline. ” But over the weekend and into Monday, people across the South used social media to document scattered shortages. Service station operators posted notices of how they had been forced to bring in gas from distant areas, and the authorities warned against price gouging. Despite the increases, most Southern states still posted lower average gasoline prices than other parts of the country. In South Carolina on Monday, drivers typically paid $2. 04 a gallon, well below the national average of $2. 21. In Alabama, officials said they were working to restore service and measure the damage from the leak. On Friday, the federal Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration issued a corrective action order, noting the “unknown probable cause of the failure” and barring Colonial from reopening the pipeline without the government’s approval. The agency, which used the order to outline its preliminary findings, also said high benzene and gasoline vapor levels had at one point kept emergency responders from the “assumed failure site” for about 83 hours. But officials appeared cautiously optimistic that the leak had not led to an environmental calamity. Although the federal government’s order said officials found dead vegetation and wildlife after the spill was detected, the gasoline was not expected to reach the nearby Cahaba River. “There has been no indication that any material has made it to the river,” the Cahaba Riverkeeper, a nonprofit organization in Birmingham, said in a statement on Facebook. “We remain confident that there has been no impact to area drinking water. ” Gov. Robert Bentley of Alabama, who repeatedly praised Colonial’s response after he visited a command center on Monday, expressed concern about the spill and its effects, but he also acknowledged the frailty of pipelines like the one that leaked in his state. “We don’t know that won’t happen again,” Mr. Bentley said. “That’s like saying is there a tornado going to happen again. ”",0
1631,Hillary’s concession email in full,"TO: megababe@REDACTED 
Yo Babes 
How is you? my hed is bangin like an essex girl on her birthdy. i woke up this mornin in Times Sq, i stinnk minging and i carnt rememmber waht i was doin larst nite after 8 o;clock but my prorrittes were still ok whatever becos I still had harf a bottel of vocka in my hand when i wokeup!!! :} i was toetly toetled last nite. i mustve snogged about 20 blokes but none of em was bill. or brack, shame!!!. dunno where he is todday, he was with me all the way but he is nowere to be seen now dunno y. 
i dont spose u no if i won, do ya? i no i was on coarse for victry when i blakked out. fuck me am i glad iss all over tho. anyway i dont care if i won or lost, i am defnately off to Marbs for a fortnite after all that. ive been all over Merica and i am nakkered. now i no y they call it a campain becos my feet is killin my ass. you try going up and down all them stayges in them heles. i am gettin a bunyan the size of detroyt. and believe me, detroyt looks like a bunyan. its such a shithold it reminds me of baseldon town center after dark. but i was a trooper, i bin to all 51 staytes, i spose thats waht they mean by a state trooper. so no wonder i am creme crakkered. 
sunnink wheerd is goin on. noboddy is taking a blind bittof notise of me. i know that evry1 has been on the raz lST night butt this is a bit percular. right now tho i dont givva shit. i need a maccy breakfasst an a crispy creem. get a bit of grease in me to fight this hanggover lol. 
just saw a screne on the wall. looks like i lost. fukkit. but i neveer like a mericans. they is all fatt. cept for brack, and dont tell no 1 but i heard a rumer that he aint even merican, he is from awiyi. wotta skam. 
i hope i can drop in on u b4 me holliday. rmeember u will always b my runnin mate and i do need to get fitt after all this so we cud do boot camp if u like? i better b off b4 i get dun for vagrency hahahahah lol. 
xxxOOOxxx #Hills4marbs2016 sent from my exploding smartphone",0
1632,Feinstein: I Haven’t Seen Any Evidence of Collusion Between Trump Campaign and Russians - Breitbart,"On Thursday’s broadcast of CNN’s “Situation Room,” Senator Dianne Feinstein ( ) stated that she has not seen any evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians, and that special counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation is the one that “would bring forward solid evidence on which you could base a criminal case and indict someone. ”  Anchor Wolf Blitzer asked, “The last time we spoke, Senator, I asked you if you had actually seen evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians, and you said to me  —   and I’m quoting you know  —   you said, ‘Not at this time.’ Has anything changed since we spoke last?” Feinstein answered, “Well, not  —   no, it hasn’t. So, I would depend on this investigation that we’re talking about, that would bring forward any criminal activity, and, of course, has the right and the ability to charge people, select targets, look at them, bring about an indictment. And so, it’s a very big investigation, and I think somebody that’s as sophisticated as Bob Mueller is really the one to carry it out and see that it does not go awry, it does not overeach, but it’s what it should be. ” Blitzer followed up, “[S]o far, you have not seen any evidence of collusion, is that right?” Feinstein responded, “Well, evidence that would establish that there’s collusion. There are all kinds of rumors around. there are newspaper stories, but that’s not necessarily evidence. And so, you’ve got the Intelligence Committee looking at it, and you will have the Mueller investigation going on, and it’s the Mueller investigation that would bring forward solid evidence on which you could base a criminal case and indict someone. ” (  Grabien) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
1633,Iraq PM Threatens War Over Turkey’s Military Buildup,"Says Iraq Will Deal With Turkey 'As an Enemy' by Jason Ditz, November 03, 2016 Share This 
In comments broadcast on Iraqi state television, Prime Minister Hayder Abadi confirmed that his nation is “ready” for a full-scale military confrontation with neighboring Turkey, insisting Iraq doesn’t necessarily want war, but is prepared to deal with Turkey “as an enemy.” 
The comments come just over a day after Turkey began massing tanks and artillery along the Iraqi border, which Turkish defense officials insisted were simply aimed to prepare for potential “ developments in the region .” 
The two nations have had testy relations for over a year, however, related to a number of Turkish ground troops deployed in Iraq without Abadi’s permission, and their refusal to leave. Turkish President Erdogan has claimed Turkey retains an interest in Mosul, whose loss to a League of Nations ruling in the 1920s they don’t recognize, and Erdogan has also warned that Abadi and the Iraqi government are not “at his level” where they can speak to him as an equal on the matter. 
The US has been trying to keep the two nations at least civil for the sake of the Mosul invasion, but claims by Pentagon officials that the two had an agreement in principle to work together clearly never panned out, and tensions are still on the rise. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
1634,Joe Manchin: ’I’ve Been Pro-Life All My Life I Was Born Pro-Life’,"Sen. Joe Manchin ( ) talked about current news events with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Thursday. Topics included Trump’s alleged sharing of classified information, James Comey, increased federal funding to combat the opioid epidemic in West Virginia, and the Senate’s taking up the Affordable Health Care Act (AHCA). [Asked about any potential   on his   stance involving the AHCA, Manchin said, “I’ve been   all my life. I was born  . The whole thing about Planned Parenthood, the Planned Parenthood was strictly on health care for women, and I looked at that. It was given to me as health care for women. The Hyde Amendment  —   I said if I find one penny that goes to public funded abortions, other than incest, rape, and life of the mother, I’m totally opposed. I’d always be opposed. Our staff couldn’t find any money going towards that. ”  Added Manchin, “I know people have said it’s a back door. I’ve looked at everything I can. I just could not look at a woman and tell her that ‘we’re not going to give you health care. ’” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
1635,NEW DETAILS: Trump’s Gaffe With Khan Family Was Even Worse Than We Thought (VIDEO),"NEW DETAILS: Trump’s Gaffe With Khan Family Was Even Worse Than We Thought (VIDEO) By Natalie Dailey on October 29, 2016 Subscribe 
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump made a fool out of himself at and after the Democratic National Convention. Trump got into a feud with the Khan family, a Gold Star family who spoke about him. 
Trump apparently didn’t know what a Gold Star family is. This term is generally used to describe families who have lost a loved one in the military. 
Paul Manafort, former advisor to George H.W. Bush’s, Gerald Ford’s, and Bob Dole’s presidential campaigns, became an advisor for the Donald Trump campaign during the general election season. His plan was for Trump to go low profile, so the media would then focus on his rival, Democratic presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton. 
Manafort was mad when Trump went after the Khan family instead of focusing on the issues. He said: “The election is about the American people, it’s not about you.” 
Now that we have less than two weeks until the election, Trump wants to rehash some of his craziest feuds. Trump said that if he were president Humayun Khan would still be alive. Khizr said : “This is the most cruel thing you can say to grieving parents, that if I was there this would not have happened. There’s no sincerity in those remarks … This is one character that a leader must have to be the leader of a great country, to be the commander-in-chief of the Armed Forces of the United States: empathy. And this person totally lacks that.” 
Khan is now joining Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail. 
Check out the campaign ad he made for the Clinton campaign: 
And watch Khan’s entire speech from the convention : 
Featured image via YouTube screenshot . About Natalie Dailey 
Hi, I'm from Huntsville, AL. I'm a Liberal living in the Bible Belt, which can be quite challenging at times. I'm passionate about many issues including mental health, women's rights, gay rights, and many others. Check out my blog abravealabamaatheist.com. Check out my other blog weneedtotalkaboutmentalhealth.com Connect",0
1636,"If a Carrot for Jordan Works, Syrian Refugees Will Stay Put - The New York Times","AMMAN, Jordan  —   On a busy thoroughfare in Amman, Jordan’s capital, a coffee seller named Mohammed Al Mulki no longer shivers when he sees a police car pull up. At a nearby sweet shop, the counterman, Zuheir Taleb, no longer slips out of the back when a uniformed official walks in. And in the country’s north, on scorching fields a few miles from the Syrian border, Badra Hadahed, a diabetic grandmother doing backbreaking work, no longer worries that she will be plucked from the cucumber fields and sent back to her home. Like many Syrians who fled their country’s civil war, all three had been working illegally in Jordan. But under a shrewd, delicate experiment that grew out of Europe’s desire to contain the influx of foreigners to its shores, Jordan has been persuaded to let these Syrians make an honest living  —   in return for potentially big financial rewards. Jordan, which has 650, 000 Syrian refugees registered with the United Nations inside its borders, has long made it nearly impossible for them to work legally, citing concerns about high unemployment among its citizens. But under the new experiment, the government has given out 13, 000 work permits to Syrians, and is promising to issue up to 50, 000 by year’s end  —   and tens of thousands more in the future. In exchange, the World Bank is giving Jordan a $300 million   loan, the likes of which are traditionally reserved for extremely poor countries in Africa. Western nations, including the United States, have offered roughly $60 million to build schools to accommodate Syrian children. And Jordan is close to clinching what it wants most:   exports to the European Union, especially garments stitched in its industrial export zones. In short, Western leaders are using their financial and political leverage to convince Jordan that it is worthwhile to help refugees improve their lot in this country so they do not cross the Mediterranean Sea in flimsy rafts in search of a better life in Europe. It is a stark shift for both donor countries and Jordan, which, after absorbing generations of refugees from wars across the Middle East, had tried to keep Syrians from establishing a permanent foothold. “Some may say this is the one shot that the government has to extract a lot of money,” Stefan Dercon, a professor at Oxford University and the chief economist at the British government’s development aid agency, which supports the effort in Jordan. “I would say it is also the only shot that it will have to really reform its economy and create jobs, with substantial international funding. ” Jordan is not the only country trying to leverage Europe’s anxiety about refugees and migrants. Turkey has negotiated a deal that involves taking back most of those who traveled across the Aegean Sea into Greece in exchange for $6. 6 billion in European aid and a proposed waiver of visas for Turks entering Europe. Europe is also  promising over $4 billion in aid to several African countries in exchange for their help in stemming the exodus out of the continent. Even Sudan, long under European and American sanctions for its human rights record, is reaping money as part of the package. Libya is getting assistance from Europe to keep migrant boats from crossing the Mediterranean, an approach that Human Rights Watch describes as outsourcing “the dirty work to Libyan forces. ” The shifts in refugee aid policies come as war and persecution drive   numbers from their home countries and into poor and   countries like Jordan, where they are blamed for straining public services and driving down wages by working for less. The Jordan deal, announced in February as part of the Jordan Compact, is described optimistically by its framers as “turning the Syrian refugee crisis into a development opportunity. ” Its goal is to draw new foreign investment and create jobs for both Jordanians and Syrians. The risk, its proponents privately point out, is that no new investments will pour in, Jordan’s economy will continue to languish and local resentment will grow. Until recently, barely 5, 000 Syrian refugees had work permits. The International Labor Organization, a United Nations agency that supports and devises work policies, estimated that 50, 000 people in Jordan worked off the books  —   roughly the number that the government is promising to legalize this year alone. For Jordan’s leaders, grappling with debt and an economy growing at an anemic 2. 4 percent, access to the European market is a critical incentive. But antipathy to Syrian refugees runs high among the Jordanian public, so much so that Bassam Badareen, a Jordanian political columnist, recently suggested that the government had “anesthetized” the citizenry before agreeing to let refugees work here. Jordanian officials have taken pains to point out that Syrians are allowed to work mainly in   jobs in construction and agriculture that are unattractive to most Jordanians. They also point out that those holding work permits must be paid the minimum wage of about $270 a month, which helps blunt criticism that refugees drive down wages. The challenge for Jordan is to demonstrate that the new deal will revive its economy and create jobs that its citizens want. “This is a good opportunity for Jordan to attract new investment,” said Raed Nimri, a Jordanian engineer turned aid worker with Mercy Corps, a group based in Oregon that assists people during crises. “In five years, 10 years, the Syrians are going to go home. The investment is going to stay. ” There are still many uncertainties. Jordanian officials point out that they are waiting for much of the aid that has been promised and for the European Council to approve the trade concessions that Jordan hopes will draw foreign businesses. Refugees are often nervous that signing up for work permits may imperil other aid they get from the United Nations. One industry being targeted is garment manufacturing in factories in special export zones. One of those, the Al Hassan Industrial Zone, sits barely a   drive from the Syrian border, near the city of Irbid in northern Jordan, now home to an estimated 300, 000 Syrians. The factories there employ barely any Syrians or Jordanians. Instead, they employ thousands of women from poor countries under temporary contracts. Among them: Baby Hawladar, a mother of two from Bangladesh who defied her husband’s orders to travel halfway around the world to hunch over a sewing machine 10 hours a day, six days a week. On a recent afternoon, Ms. Hawladar, 27, was stitching Under Armour yoga pants for export to the United States. She has been in the job two years, working for about $155 a month, plus overtime, and a room and meals. Her goal is to stay a bit longer to save enough money to build a house in her home village. Every week, her children call and ask when she is coming home. Every week, she says, “Soon. ” Western Union sends agents directly to the factory floor. Bangladeshi migrants around the world sent $15 billion in remittances back home last year. Replacing workers like her with Syrian refugees, some economists say, would be like robbing Peter to pay Paul  —   rewarding those fleeing war to the detriment of others fleeing poverty. Not far from the industrial zone, leaning over rows of cucumbers on a vast farm close to the Syrian border, were migrant workers from Egypt, Pakistan and Syria, plus a few Jordanians. In May, after the loosening of work rules, the farm’s owner, Jamal Muhammad Zoabi, obtained permits for the 100 or so Syrians who used to work for him illegally. Ms. Hadahed, the grandmother, was one of them, having taken over the job from her son after he was picked up in a police raid last year for working without a permit. He was deported back to Hama, the Syrian province now partly controlled by the Islamic State. Exhausted, ailing, her head spinning some days in the heat, Ms. Hadahed supports herself, her    and two grandchildren on her $270 monthly wage. She does not have much of a choice. Every time she speaks to her son on the phone, he warns her: “Whatever you do, don’t come back. ” Mr. Zoabi, the farmer, knows something about the perils of life on the other side. Before the war, he grew watermelon in Syria. He went back last year to collect some money he was owed, only to be detained, he said, by Islamic State fighters at a checkpoint. Mr. Zoabi said they had held him for six hours. They made him watch as they beheaded an entire family and then threw the heads into an icebox. Mr. Zoabi said he had paid the fighters close to $3, 000, before being allowed to leave. “It was the worst trip of my life,” he recalled. “Imagine living there. ”",0
1637,"YouTube reinstates the account of Danney Williams, Bill Clinton's black 'son'","Thu, 27 Oct 2016 15:33 UTC Danney Williams and Bill Clinton YouTube on Wednesday terminated the account of Danney Williams, the 30-year-old man who has claimed since the 1990s to be the black son of former President Bill Clinton. But YouTube suddenly reversed its decision on Thursday amid public outcry and reinstated the account in the early morning hours, posting a notice that said only: ""After a review of your account, we have confirmed that your YouTube account is not in violation of our Terms of Service. As such, we have unsuspended your account."" When it terminated the account on Wednesday, YouTube cited unspecified ""repeated or severe violations of our Terms of Use and/or Community Guidelines"" and declared the account ""cannot be restored."" The YouTube decision to terminate Williams' account blocked the nine-minute feature ""BANISHED - The Untold Story of Danney Williams,"" which had received 1.2 million views since Williams posted it last week. Produced by filmmaker Joel Gilbert, it drew nearly 100,000 views per day and more than 1,000 viewer comments , with the overwhelming majority expressing support for Williams and outrage at the Clintons for not being willing to allow a DNA test to determine paternity. ""My YouTube account has been deleted, but the same video appears in 50 other places on YouTube alone,"" Williams said on his Facebook page after being notified of YouTube's decision to suspend the account. ""[YouTube] can't handle the truth! Please share #BillClintonSon."" Twitter also continued to allow Williams to post the ""Banished"" video on Danney Williams' page , but the Twitter link to YouTube displayed the message : ""This video is no longer available because the YouTube account associated with this video has been terminated. Sorry about that."" The video is still running on Danney Williams-Clinton's Facebook page , as well as on the YouTube channel operated by Gilbert. Attempt to silence Danney Williams? Gilbert told WND on Wednesday he helped Williams file an online appeal form on YouTube asking why the account was suspended and demanding it be immediately reinstated. ""The behavior of YouTube/Google in suspending Danney's account is outrageous! There have been absolutely zero violations of any kind let alone a severe one of any YouTube terms or guidelines,"" Gilbert said. Gilbert was outspoken in charging YouTube with partisan political motives. ""The only possible explanation is that the Clinton campaign requested YouTube/Google to silence Danney, 'to run him off the plantation' as Danney said Hillary Clinton did to him and his aunt when he was a small child and they were chased off the grounds of the Arkansas governor's mansion in 1990,"" Gilbert said. ""Danney cannot be silenced any longer,"" he continued. ""Hillary may try to sweep Danney Williams under the rug, but it's not going to work this time. His story is out there, and every day more and more people understand Bill and Hillary Clinton banished this young man from their family because of the color of his skin."" See the Danney Williams video feature: WND reported Oct. 19 that in the hours before the third and final presidential debate, attorneys for Williams were in Las Vegas to announce their intention to file a paternity suit demanding DNA evidence from the former president. Accompanying the dramatic announcement was a rap music video celebrating Williams that went viral on the Internet. No definitive DNA test WND reported that no DNA test was conducted in 1999, despite media reports to the contrary when Williams' claim first surfaced. Clinton defenders since 1999 have contended the tabloid Star Magazine conducted a ""DNA showdown"" proving Bill Clinton was not Williams' father, citing Star Magazine editor Phil Bunton saying at the time, ""There was no match, nothing even close."" But in an interview, Bunton told WND that no blood sample was obtained from Clinton and Star Magazine never published a story documenting a laboratory test. ""I don't remember ever seeing any laboratory test that was done on Clinton's DNA,"" Bunton told WND. Bunton is now the owner of the Rivertown Magazine in Haverstraw, New York. He affirmed to WND that the tabloid relied on the DNA evidence for Clinton published by independent counsel Kenneth Starr, extracted from the infamous Monica Lewinsky blue dress. ""We got a lot of phone calls from several people in the media, including the New York Times, wanting to know when we were going to get the DNA back,"" Bunton recalled to WND. ""We thought it was going to turn out to be his son, but when the DNA came back there was no story there even to write."" The DNA test released by Kenneth Starr was the second of two DNA laboratory tests the FBI had run on Clinton, but the public record leaves no doubt that Starr withheld the more robust test conducted by the FBI. 'Twitter rules' Many other figures who have challenged the Democratic Party or the left-leaning media narrative also have run into trouble with social media outlets, including James O'Keefe and his Project Veritas, which has exposed Clinton campaign voter fraud and agitation in a series of hidden-camera videos. Just as O'Keefe was preparing to release new revelations of voter fraud Oct. 13, Twitter shut down his account , claiming violations of ""Twitter Rules."" The notice said he ""must delete the tweets that are in violation of our rules, which prohibit: harassing other users, threatening other users, disclosing other users' private information"" or violating ""other rules."" In a statement, O'Keefe said he relies on social media to ""bypass the media and directly reach the public."" On Monday, O'Keefe wrote in a tweet Project Veritas was unable to upload its third video in the series to YouTube, calling the apparent block ""bizarre."" Earlier this month, O'Keefe was forced to delete a tweet critical of a Hillary Clinton staffer to regain use of his account after it was suspended for a day. His account was suspended in the hours before a release of a new hidden-camera video that exposed a Clinton ally saying she could use executive action on guns, the Daily Caller reported . Project Veritas posted an undercover video Oct. 17 proving Hillary Clinton supporters were inciting violence at Donald Trump rallies to gain negative media coverage. Millions of viewers watched the video in just a few hours, but it didn't show up on Google's ""trending"" list on YouTube, which Google owns, noted SilenceisConsent.net . It did, however, trend on Twitter, which Google does not own. Breitbart blogger Milo Yiannopoulos was suspended permanently by Twitter minutes before his ""Gays for Trump"" party at the Republican National Convention. For some 11 months, the makers of the new movie ""I'm Not Ashamed,"" about the first victim of the Columbine killers in Colorado in 1999, were unable to promote their movie through YouTube. The trailer was taken down late in 2015, and the movie's entire channel was suspended . Among the conservatives censored by Facebook : Conservative activist and Trump supporter Lauren Southern received a 30-day ban from Facebook because she complained about a friend's account being censored. Facebook locked a 12-year-old black middle schooler's account for posting a video supporting Rudy Giuliani's comment that Obama ""doesn't love America."" The admin of a pro-Trump group was banned for saying Trump is not anti-Muslim, but anti-ISIS.",0
1638,Hungarians Back Orban’s ’Anti-Soros’ University Law,"The majority of Hungarians support the government’s legislation which would force foreign universities, such as the George   Central European University (CEU) to adhere to new regulations. [According to MTI, a poll conducted by think tank the Századvég Foundation found 70 per cent of Hungarians support amendments to the higher education act which would see foreign universities issuing degrees in Hungary be obliged to observe Hungarian regulations.  Over 1, 000 adults were surveyed by telephone between Friday and Tuesday last week. Of those polled, 86 per cent of respondents were aware of the legislation and related protests. The survey also showed 72 per cent of people do not consider it necessary to hold a referendum on the changes that affect CEU and other foreign universities operating in Hungary. MPs in the   unicameral parliament, led by Prime Minister Viktor Orbán’s conservative Fidesz party, voted 123 in favour and 38 against the legislation. The bill was then signed into law by President János Áder on Monday. The new amendments will ban institutions from outside the European Union from awarding degree certificates without an agreement between national governments. Foreign universities will also be required to have a campus and faculties in their home country  —   conditions not currently met by the American CEU. The university, founded by progressive open borders financier and Hungarian native George Soros, alleges Orbán’s government is deliberating targeting CEU. The government maintains the law ensures transparency, prevents foreign universities from having an unfair advantage over Hungarian universities, and does not target CEU specifically. Government officials have said that CEU is capable of fulfilling its conditions within the timeframe and that the institution does not face immediate closure. The law was written following a review of 28   universities in the country 27 were found to have problems with operational licences, course accreditation, and state cooperation. Only one university, the liberal, American McDaniel College, was cleared. János Lázár, the Minister heading the Prime Minister’s Office, has called reactions to the domestic law by international press and foreign governments as “hysterical, political hype”. Mr. Lázár also said that   lobbyists are agitating against the   government, putting pressure on the governments in Brussels, Washington, D. C. and Berlin. “There is ongoing lobbying against Hungary” the minister said, adding the “Soros network will most probably continue to apply pressure” to interfere in Hungary’s “right of sovereignty [to] regulate the foundation and operation of universities”. The U. S. State Department has expressed concerns over the legislation, and the executive branch of the EU has launched an investigation. On Sunday, a protest in Budapest saw a reported 70, 000 people protest in support of Soros’s university. Media attention on Hungary’s education law has been given intense focus by establishment and left wing newspapers such as The Guardian, The Washington Post, The New York Times, and the Financial Times.",0
1639,"Poll: 96% of Trump Supporters Would Vote for Him Again, Win Popular Vote - Breitbart","An ABC   Post poll released on Sunday found that President Donald Trump only had 42% approval from Americans, the lowest since 1945  —   but that 96% of Trump supporters say that they would vote for him again. Moreover, the poll indicates that Trump could win the popular vote if the 2016 electorate were to vote a second time. [The poll comes as Trump looks to finish his first 100 days later this week on a high note, with new legislative initiatives on tax reform and health care. Unlike his predecessors, Trump had no “honeymoon,” with the media and the Demcoratic opposition  —   a. k. a. “Resistance”  —   determined to maintain a bitter antagonism from the very first day.  But the “resistance” has its own major problems.   (67%) of Americans say that Democrats are out of touch with their concerns, while 62% say the same about Republicans and 58% say that about President Trump himself. Americans also support Trump’s approach to foreign policy, with a plurality saying that he is dealing with North Korea correctly and a majority approving of the recent missile strikes in Syria. But it is with his own supporters that Trump is strongest: As noted, this poll finds no evidence of buyer’s remorse among Trump supporters. Among those who report having voted for him in November, 96 percent today say it was the right thing to do a mere 2 percent regret it. And if a rerun of the election were held today, the poll indicates even the possibility of a Trump victory in the popular vote among 2016 voters. Trump might win a second version of the 2016 election because while 96% of Trump supporters would vote for him again, only 85% of Hillary Clinton voters say they would do so, “producing a   percent   result in this hypothetical   among   2016 voters,” the poll says. Other former Clinton voters would support a third party instead. The poll was conducted by land and cellular phone among 1, 004 adults, with a margin of error of 3. 5%. Another poll, conducted by NBC News and the Wall Street Journal, found that 54% of American adults disapprove of the job President Trump is doing, while only 40% approve, a   gap that has increased by 4 points since February. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
1640,Throwing off the shackles,"Headlined to H3 10/26/16 - Advertisement - Philippines president Duterte announces 'separation' from US during China visit Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte announced his 'separation' from the United States, expressing his desire for the Philippines to become more dependent ... License DMCA 
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte in Beijing, China announcing separation from the United States Considering US belligerence in the world particularly since 9/11, the idea of a countries elected leader standing up and defying the US hyper power is something to behold. The latest leader to exercise his countries right of sovereignty is Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte. Duterte speaking during a state visit to Beijing, China announced, ""Your honors, in this venue, I announce my separation from the United States...both in military and economics also"".[1] He said, ""America has lost"" while announcing a new alliance the Philippines, China and Russia, ""there are three of us against the world"". Of course Duterte is not the first leader to poke his middle finger at the US imperialist. Fidel Castro did it with Cuba in 1959, as did Hugo Chavez in Venezuela in 1999. Two at least who spoke truth to power, put his people first at great risk to himself when they separated their country from US hegemony over them, survived many US attempts to undermine or assassinate and overthrow them. There's too many others to mention here that didn't survive or were overthrown in CIA initiated coups, color revolutions, regime change et al. Is this somehow subversive coming from an American extolling foreign leaders that have defied the US? Or is it an acknowledgement that we, the US, can't dictate to the world. That it's a countries elected leaders purpose to exercise his judgment to do right by his people, follow an independent course to best serve his people, not be subservient and dictated to by the US. If the people disagree with such a leader they can elect someone else or impeach him for felonious behavior. Maybe that's a bit naive, too ideal for the complex world we live in today. - Advertisement - But we as a country have completely lost our way, been an imperialist bully, initiating illegal wars and occupations, aggression against countries that are no threat, imminent or otherwise to America. Authorized torture, indefinite detention, extraordinary rendition, kill innocents in drone strikes and missile attacks, order the targeted assassination of anyone, anywhere, including American citizens if the president alone so decides. Initiate coups and regime change against any country that defies the US while conducting surveillance of ALL electronic communications of everyone in the world. This is not the behavior of a country capable of having mutual respect for others particularly those countries taking an independent course and not bowing to US diktat. We Americans can close our eyes, pretend or ignore what we have become; a rogue actor on the world stage. Yes rogue. What gave us the right to be the ""indispensible country"", exceptional, entitled, run roughshod against any leader-Putin being the leader now most demonized in US crosshairs. As for the Philippines, we took it as well as Cuba and Puerto Rico; booty from Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish American war of 1898. - Advertisement - Of course earlier in our countries inglorious history we stole much of what is now California, Texas and the southwest from Mexico while committing genocide and stealing most of the arable and tribal lands of the indigenous native peoples all in the name of ""manifest destiny"", as if it was some benign, natural, yet inexorable happenstance. Yeah right. Let's admit it. Today we're the beneficiaries of our countries earlier ""successful"" aggression against the indigenous peoples as well as a country built on slavery; peoples the government has never formally apologized to. We can ignore the truth of this aggressive history, believe it to have been the inevitable consequence overthrowing British colonialism and ridding the country of what the government and most white people then referred to as Indian ""savages"". Then later came the masses of millions of mostly European immigrants; those ancestors who came to America, a consequence of repression, lack of opportunity, religious intolerance they suffered in their native countries. And with them the American demographic changed forever from its colonial past. So now we're a mass of different peoples, mostly adapted to our earlier British colonial heritage, ""connected"" to those who threw off British tyranny, declared their independence, formed a union and soon thereafter a formal constitution of rights under the rule of law. A country that began not wanting to engage in foreign entanglements, fiercely independent, embracing the protestant work ethic, most probably considered inward looking by today's standards. It feels quaint, distant, a different sort of people than most in America now.",0
1641,PODESTA’S BFF AT DOJ WILL BE IN CHARGE OF NEW PROBE…,"Home › POLITICS › PODESTA’S BFF AT DOJ WILL BE IN CHARGE OF NEW PROBE… PODESTA’S BFF AT DOJ WILL BE IN CHARGE OF NEW PROBE… 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] Now that the FBI has obtained the needed warrant to start poring over the 650,000 or so emails uncovered in Anthony Weiner’s notebook, among which thousands of emails sent from Huma Abedin using Hillary Clinton’s personal server, moments ago the US Justice Department announced it is also joining the probe, and as AP reported moments ago, vowed to dedicate all needed resources to quickly review the over half a million emails in the Clinton case. 
In the letter to Congress, the DOJ writes that it “will continue to work closely with the FBI and together, dedicate all necessary resources and take appropriate steps as expeditiously as possible,” assistant attorney General Peter J. Kadzik writes in letters to House and Senate lawmakers. 
So far so good, even if one wonders just how active the DOJ will be in a case that has shown an unprecedented schism between the politically influenced Department of Justice and the FBI. 
And yet, something felt odd about this. Kadzik… Kadzik… where have we heard that name? 
Oh yes. Recall our post from last week, “ Clinton Campaign Chair Had Dinner With Top DOJ Official One Day After Hillary’s Benghazi Hearing ” in which we reported that John Podesta had dinner with one of the highest ranked DOJ officials the very day after Hillary Clinton’s Benghazi testimony? 
It was Peter Kadzik. Post navigation",0
1642,CEI v. The Attorney General of New York | Libertarian,"(Before It's News)
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman's office denied CEI’s May 5, 2016 request for any Common Interest Agreements, which was made under New York’s Freedom of Information Law (FOIL). His office claimed the records are exempt from disclosure.
CEI is seeking all Common Interest Agreements entered into by the Office of the Attorney General and which are signed by, mention or otherwise include the AGs for other states or territories, as well as certain environmental activists. CEI suspects that these agreements may be a pretext for simply shielding documents from public disclosure.
After supplying a Common Interest Agreement to CEI, AG Schneiderman moved to dismiss our FOIL case against his office. Our October 26, 2016 filing opposes that motion to dismiss on the grounds that there could be more relevant documents yet to be produced, and we also want the common interest agreement ruled invalid, so that it stops functioning as a shield against disclosure of information by AGs.
Case Status: Open Court Level: High Proceedings, Orders, and Opinions Timeline: Date: Wednesday, August 31, 2016 PDF: Notice of Petition – Albany.PDF Title: Notice of Petition Date: Thursday, May 5, 2016 PDF: CEI NY AG FOIL Common Interest Agreements typo corrected.pdf Title: Request Under New York FOIL Date: Tuesday, June 21, 2016 PDF: FOIL appeal by CEI of NY AG's denial of CEI's FOIL request about common ….pdf Title: CEI Appeal of NY FOIL Denial Date: Wednesday, June 15, 2016 PDF: FOIL rejection of our FOIL request 6.15.2016.pdf Title: NY FOIL Request Rejection Date: Thursday, July 7, 2016 PDF: Rejection by NY of our FOIL administrative appeal.pdf Title: Administrative Appeal of NY FOIL Request Rejection Date: Wednesday, August 31, 2016 PDF: Request for Judicial Intervention.PDF Title: Request for Judicial Intervention Date: Wednesday, August 31, 2016 PDF: Verified Petition – Final Version.PDF Title: Verified Petition Date: Friday, August 26, 2016 PDF: Affidavit of Hans Bader & Exhibits.PDF Title: Affidavit of Hans Bader and Exhibits Date: Wednesday, October 26, 2016 PDF: NY FOIL.St_. John affirmation signed.pdf Title: Oposition To Motion to Dismiss Date: Friday, September 30, 2016 PDF: NY Motion to Dismiss.pdf Title: New York Motion to Dismiss News Releases : CEI Sues NY AG Schneiderman for Common Interest Agreement on Climate Change Subpoena Campaign Date: Wednesday, August 31, 2016",0
1643,Officials to Close Standing Rock Protest Campsite - The New York Times,"Citing public safety concerns, federal officials plan to close access to a campsite where demonstrators have protested the construction of a crude oil pipeline near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation in North Dakota and create a “free speech zone. ” The Army Corps of Engineers, in a letter Friday to the chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, Dave Archambault II, said the decision had been made to “protect the general public from the violent confrontations between protesters and law enforcement officials that have occurred in this area. ” Mr. Archambault said in a statement that the tribe was “deeply disappointed” by the decision. “It is both unfortunate and disrespectful that this announcement comes the day after this country celebrates Thanksgiving  —   a historic exchange between Native Americans and the first immigrants from Europe,” he said. “Although the news is saddening, it is not all surprising given the last 500 years of mistreatment of our people. ” The authorities will close the area north of the Cannonball River, including the Oceti Sakowin camp, about 40 miles south of Bismarck, where opponents of the   Dakota Access Pipeline have gathered for months. Native American tribes, led by the Standing Rock Sioux, have been protesting the pipeline project. They fear it would pollute the Missouri River and harm sacred cultural lands and tribal burial grounds. There have been large protests at the Lake Oahe crossing the Missouri River is the tribe’s primary source of drinking water. Mr. Archambault said the best way to protect demonstrators during the winter and to reduce conflicts with the police “is to deny the easement for the Oahe crossing and deny it now. ” The letter from the district commander of the Army Corps, Col. John W. Henderson, said the emergency services and facilities needed to protect demonstrators camped north of the Cannonball River during the harsh North Dakota winters could not be provided. “I do not take this action lightly but have decided that it is required due to the concern for public safety and the fact that much of this land is leased to private persons for grazing   haying purposes as part of the corps’ land management practices,” he wrote. He said anyone found on the land after Dec. 5 could be charged with trespassing. The project has spurred months of clashes between the police and demonstrators. The most serious injury happened early Monday. An explosion during a protest badly damaged the left arm and hand of woman who grew up in the Bronx, Sophia Wilansky, 21. Her father, Wayne Wilansky, said that someone from the police lines had thrown a device he described as a grenade the police suggested that fellow demonstrators had caused the explosion, and said officers did not use concussion or flash grenades at any time. On Monday, the police confronted hundreds of protesters. Nearly 300 people were treated for injuries resulting from the use of police force, according to the Standing Rock Medic and Healer Council. The pipeline project was delayed in September when the Obama administration temporarily blocked it from crossing under the Missouri River. President Obama called on both sides to show restraint and revealed that the Army Corps of Engineers was considering an alternative route for the project. But Kelcy Warren, chief executive of the pipeline company, Energy Transfer Partners, told The Associated Press it would not consider a different route. Though the project has been delayed by legal disputes, the pipeline is nearly complete.",0
1644,Pro-Life Leaders: Neil Gorsuch ’Reminiscent of the Late Justice Antonin Scalia’ - Breitbart,"Leaders from 60 national and state   groups are calling for a swift confirmation of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the U. S. Supreme Court. [In a letter to the U. S. Senate Monday, the leaders say:  Judge Gorsuch is widely recognized as a jurist possessed of deep intelligence and true fairmindedness. In 2006 the U. S. Senate recognized these qualities, confirming Gorsuch without dissent to his current position on the 10th Circuit. After a decade of constitutionally sound and clearly written rulings and opinions, Judge Gorsuch deserves once again the swift approval of the Senate. The leaders observe Gorsuch “has consistently applied an originalist approach to the Constitution, and a respect for the separation of powers, reminiscent of the late Justice Antonin Scalia. ” They continue: Many of our organizations applauded Judge Gorsuch when he evinced a keen understanding and respect for religious liberty in cases involving Hobby Lobby and the Little Sisters of the Poor, concluding that application of the Affordable Care Act’s preventive service mandate, coupled with massive fines on religious objectors to elements of the mandate, substantially burdens religious liberty. The letter was organized by the Susan B. Anthony List and signed by members of the   Court Coalition which has been working at the grassroots level  —   both online and on the ground  —   in support of Gorsuch. One of the signers, Father Frank Pavone, national director of Priests for Life, said in a statement, “The last election was, more than any other single issue, about the Supreme Court. ” “The American people voted to have Donald Trump select the next justice and he has made an excellent choice,” Pavone explained. “Today should begin a swift confirmation process for Judge Neil Gorsuch, whom everyone agrees is eminently qualified. ” Senate Judiciary Committee hearings began Monday on Gorsuch’s confirmation. Gorsuch himself delivered a statement during the initial hearing. #Gorsuch: I want to thank my fellow judges across the country  …     Their work helps make real the Constitution and laws of the US for all of us. pic. twitter.   —   Fox News (@FoxNews) March 20, 2017,  Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards said Gorsuch “has a disturbing history” on abortion rights and women’s issues. . @CecileRichards: Judge Gorsuch has a disturbing history on access to family planning. WATCH: https:  .  #WeObject,  —   Planned Parenthood (@PPact) March 20, 2017,  “Judge Gorsuch will be an excellent addition to the Supreme Court, which desperately needs his sound judgment and vast experience,” Pavone said, nevertheless. “The Senate should act quickly to approve him. ”",0
1645,О принцессах — ни слова!,"Спорт 
В Москве 30 октября прошли чемпионат мира по акробатическому рок-н-роллу и международные соревнования Мировой Мастерс по буги-вуги. В соревнованиях приняла участие предполагаемая (?!) дочь Владимира Путина Екатерина Тихонова. 
Те российские СМИ, которые не смогли пройти мимо этого знаменательного события, стыдливо рассказывали о нём, прикладывая без комментариев фото молодой женщины, которую заочно, давайте говорить честно, знает вся страна. Лишь немногие с дрожью в голосе и коленках позволили себе опубликовать переводы статей западных изданий, захлебывающихся от восторга и желчи. 
Ещё бы, дочь человека, который одним нажатием кнопки может ввергнуть всю Землю в пекло термоядерного костра, который скупает страны и политиков оптом, по дешёвке, который как фокусник в цирке, манипулирует чувствами 140 миллионов человек, как простая смертная приняла участие в соревнованиях на правах рядовой участницы. Или не совсем рядовой? Или не совсем участницы? 
Помнится, в доброй детской сказке про Аладдина грозный глашатай кричал: «Сейчас царевна Будур, дочь султана, пойдёт в баню, и никто не должен видеть её!». Все скрывались в своих домах, а кто не успевал, падали ниц и прятали лица в песок. Увидевший лик несравненной Будур, должен был или погибнуть на месте, или быть достаточно богатым и могущественным, чтобы заплатить за это право. 
Так, вместе с правом быть мужем царевны, и без того не бедный прекрасный принц получил путёвку в список самых богатых людей мира. На учёных мужей ВУЗа, которому посчастливилось стать альма-матер наследницы, пролился золотой дождь. Их работа неожиданно и сразу заинтересовала всех сильных миров сего. Разве грешно быть безмерно благодарными за это прекрасной царевне? Гляди, она поможет войти в Лигу плюща, даром, что эта Лига в США расположена. 
А что же спортивный рок-н-ролл? Ему в нашей стране несказанно повезло. Молодая, энергичная, талантливая в разных областях Екатерина Тихонова, возглавившая национальную спортивную федерацию (несмотря на скромность лет), является одним из вице-президентов международной конфедерации. Более того, она активно занимается продвижением любимого спорта к олимпийским вершинам. А если ей активно помогают те же дюжие джины, которые вкладываются в создание долины МГУ в нашей Златоглавой, то включение в число олимпийских видов спорта у рок-н-ролла, отнюдь, не за горами. 
Как неожиданно популярной по всей стране стала художественная гимнастика (стыдливо промолчим, почему), так столь же радужные перспективы открываются и перед рок-н-роллом. И пусть только кто-то скажет, что это — чуждые нашей стране музыка и танец. Стерпится-слюбится! Сослушается-привынется! К большому-то теннису в своё время привыкли. 
И пусть тысячи маленьких девочек становятся сильными и гибкими, как…, ну, хотя бы, как Алина Ка…, как Екатерина Тихонова, пусть стремятся к высокой цели и заветным рукомашественным и ногодрыгательным результатам. Такими, как она, они стать всё равно не смогут: имя в паспорте не то. А и надо ли? Вот воспользоваться тем, что на этот спорт деньги выделяют – почему бы нет? Пока выделяют. Пока папа может. А папа — может.",0
1646,“Nothing Good Can Come of This Election”–and That’s Good,"Posted on November 4, 2016 by Charles Hugh Smith 
The overwhelming consensus of the punditry across the political spectrum is that “Nothing Good Can Come of This Election”–and that’s a very good thing. The handwringing goes like this: The country is deeply divided by schisms that cannot be bridged, every institution from the two parties to the mainstream media to the Department of Justice has been tarnished by cover-ups, collusion or worse; whomever wins the election will enter the presidency without a mandate, and so on. 
Why is “nothing good can come of this” good? Because ridding the nation of its political corruption will require hitting bottom. 
Just as an alcoholic or drug addict is incapable of making any truly positive changes until he/she hits absolute bottom, so it is with our tolerance of a corrupt political system that is poisoning the nation, one injection of corrupt cash, collusion and pay-to-play at a time. 
If our rotten-to-the-core politics as usual is indeed flying off the cliff to complete destruction, that is an unalloyed good. 
Just as alcoholics continue down their self-destructive path with the aid of enablers, so too has the corrupt political order expanded with the aid of the Mainstream Media, insiders in the Department of Justice, K Street lobbyists and a veritable army of well-paid lackeys, pundits, academics, apparatchiks and assorted toadies in the organs of governance and in the big-money private sector and philanthro-capitalist dynasties of pay-to-play foundations. 
The only way anything will truly change in the political order is if every Establishment insider politico loses every election, from the presidency to dogcatcher. Nothing will change until the mere existence of a private foundation like the Clinton Foundation triggers a landslide loss for the politico with ties to such corruption. 
Nothing will change until the collusion of the mainstream media (supplying the insider candidate with debate questions, etc.) alone causes the colluding candidate to lose by a landslide. 
Nothing will change until candidates who refuse to accept any donation larger than $100 from anyone or any entity beat the Goldman Sachs/Saudi prince-funded insider candidates by a landslide. 
Nothing will change until candidates who fund costly negative TV advertising campaigns with millions in pay-to-play “contributions” from Goldman Sachs et al. lose by a landslide. 
You get the point: we the citizens and voters have to stop being enablers of systemic corruption. We have to stop being bamboozled by insiders with promises of “hope and change” and the usual negative TV blitzes funded by corrupt big money. 
It’s easy to blame lax campaign laws or the corrupted candidates and their insider toadies, but ultimately we’re responsible for enabling corruption, collusion, pay-for-play and a political and financial Elite that’s above the law. 
From the point of view of the corrupted, colluding insiders, MSM flunkies, Department of Justice lackeys and well-paid parrot-pundits, nothing good can come from this election because half the voters may actually cast off the shackles of the nation’s corrupt and corrupting political and financial Elites. 
This mass rejection of the politics as usual of corrupt and corrupting political and financial Elites is the highest possible good –a public good that eludes the hand-wringing corrupt insiders, pundits and toadies who have sucked up fortunes from the trough of putrid systemic corruption.",0
1647,Donald Trump Jr. Met With Russian Advocates About Syria,"According to The Wall Street Journal , President-elect Donald Trump’s son, Donald, attended a meeting in Paris that was hosted by a think tank connected to Russia that convened  ",0
1648,"At BlackRock, Machines Are Rising Over Managers to Pick Stocks - The New York Times","Score one for the machines. The largest fund company in the world, BlackRock, has faced a thorny challenge since it acquired the    business from Barclays in 2009. These low cost,   funds have exploded in growth, leaving in the dust the stock pickers who had spurred an earlier expansion for the firm. The rise of passive investing  —     funds, index funds and the like  —   has revolutionized the investment world, providing Main Street investors with greater opportunities at lower fees while putting pressure on even Wall Street’s biggest money managers. Now, after years of deliberations, Laurence D. Fink, a founder and chief executive of BlackRock, has cast his lot with the machines. On Tuesday, BlackRock laid out an ambitious plan to consolidate a large number of actively managed mutual funds with peers that rely more on algorithms and models to pick stocks. The initiative is the most explicit action by a major fund management firm in reaction to the exodus of investors from actively managed stock funds to cheaper funds that track every variety of index and investment theme. Some $30 billion in assets (about 11 percent of active equity funds) will be targeted, with $6 billion rebranded BlackRock Advantage funds. These funds focus on quantitative and other strategies that adopt a more   approach to investing. “The democratization of information has made it much harder for active management,” Mr. Fink said in an interview. “We have to change the ecosystem  —   that means relying more on big data, artificial intelligence, factors and models within quant and traditional investment strategies. ” As part of the restructuring, seven of BlackRock’s 53 stock pickers are expected to step down from their funds. Several of the money managers will stay on as advisers. At least 36 employees connected to the funds are leaving the firm. While BlackRock is proceeding gradually, in many ways the new plan is a direct attack on the cult of the brainy mutual fund manager, popularized in the 1980s and 1990s by Peter Lynch, a   wizard at the fund giant Fidelity. Today, asset managers like Pimco, Franklin Templeton, Aberdeen and, of course, Fidelity continue to make the case that their bond and equity managers can outsmart the broader market  —   and charge a premium price for doing so. Since 2009, however, as the performance of these funds has suffered, millions of investors have rejected this proposition, abandoning their expensive mutual funds for   funds that track various indexes at a fraction of the cost. Now the biggest fund companies are Vanguard, the indexing pioneer, and BlackRock, which together oversee close to $10 trillion in assets. BlackRock, with its fleet of iShares E. T. F. s, has certainly benefited from the investor revolution  —   one that threatens to disrupt the mutual fund industry in the years ahead. Still, the monster in the mutual fund room by far has been Vanguard, which, via index funds and   funds, has had historic inflows. Last year, for example, $423 billion left actively managed stock funds and $390 billion poured into index funds, according to Morningstar. Of that amount, Vanguard captured $277 billion, nearly tripling the amount that went to its nearest rival, BlackRock. Mr. Fink has always professed to be agnostic as to whether a client bought a     fund tracking low volatility stocks or an expensive mutual fund investing in small United States companies. Let the client choose has long been his mantra. Left unsaid has been the reality that at his root Mr. Fink is now a true believer in systematic investing styles that favor algorithms, science and   models over the stock picking smarts of individual portfolio managers. In recent years he has hired Andrew Ang, a star finance professor from Columbia, to push BlackRock into   investing, a   approach to allocating assets. And since last year, BlackRock’s     stock pickers have worked in the same division as its quants. These managers, many of whom have Ph. D. s, might buy (or sell) Walmart’s stock on the basis of a satellite feed that reveals how many cars are in its parking lots as opposed to an insight gleaned from the innards of the retailer’s balance sheet. In sum, Mr. Fink has become convinced that BlackRock must bet big on the power of machines, be it Aladdin, the firm’s risk management platform,   big data or even artificial intelligence. Just about any interview or conference call with Mr. Fink bears this out: Invariably, the conversation comes around to technology, with scant mention of what the firm’s stock pickers are doing. But simply going   on   passive investing over active has not been an option for Mr. Fink. While the assets of the firm’s actively managed stock funds have shrunk to $201 billion today from $208 billion in 2009, the business is still very profitable for BlackRock, representing 16 percent of total revenue. According to data from Morningstar, only 11 percent of BlackRock’s actively managed equity funds have beaten their benchmarks since 2009. Since 2012, $27. 5 billion has left BlackRock actively managed mutual funds, per Morningstar data. The new push, which is being overseen by Mark Wiseman, a top executive at Canada’s top pension fund whom Mr. Fink hired last year to revamp his equity business, highlights strategies in which a portfolio manager makes big bets on a select group of stocks. Still, there is no mistaking the larger message: Expensive, actively managed funds looking to make a mark picking United States stocks must adapt to the new realities at BlackRock. Take BlackRock’s Large Cap Core fund, which invests in big American companies. Since 2009, the fund’s assets have halved, to $1. 5 billion, trailing the index by 1. 3 percent over the last three years. The fund’s lead manager will be replaced by three portfolio experts from BlackRock’s quantitative investing team, where all varieties of computer models are crunched in pursuit of stock picking ideas. Fees will also be halved. Of course, none of these moves are likely to immediately halt the outflows of the past years. In fact outflows are likely to increase, as few investors want to stick with a fund undergoing an existential makeover. But as Mr. Fink and his new equity deputy see it, it is better to take the pain now than later. “The old way of people sitting in a room picking stocks, thinking they are smarter than the next guy  —   that does not work anymore,” Mr. Wiseman said. “These are stormy seas for active managers, but we at BlackRock are an aircraft carrier, and we are going to chart our way through these seas. ”",0
1649,Trump Prepares For Mass Deportations: “2 To 3 Million Undocumented Immigrants With Criminal Records… They’re Going To Be Gone”,"
If you are an illegal immigrant in America with a criminal record your days are numbered, according to President-elect Donald Trump.
Following up on his campaign promise to build a security wall on the southern border and deport any undocumented immigrants with criminal records immediately upon taking office, Trump sat down with 60 Minutes on Sunday to reiterate his plans.
President-elect Donald Trump has said he plans to deport two to three million undocumented immigrants with criminal records from the country immediately – and has insisted that he will build his wall.
In his first extensive interview since he won the White House, Trump is reassuring his supporters that he will deport or incarcerate up to three million ‘gang members’ and ‘drug dealers.’ 
…
‘What we are going to do is get the people that are criminal and have criminal records, gang members, drug dealers, where a lot of these people, probably two million, it could be even three million, we are getting them out of our country or we are going to incarcerate,’ Trump said.
‘But we’re getting them out of our country, they’re here illegally.’
As the Commander-In-Chief Trump will have the power to enforce existing immigration laws, which among other things call for the deportation of individuals entering the country illegally. Under the Obama administration millions of immigrants were allowed to enter the country without recourse and Border Patrol agents from Texas to California were told to stand down and do nothing.
Trump and others have said that undocumented workers pose a direct threat to the national security of the United States because with current immigration policies, which require no documentation whatsoever, it is impossible to know who is entering our country and from which country they originate. It’s been reported that numerous individuals with ties to terrorism have been apprehended on the border , and that potentially scores of others have already been smuggled into the United States by Mexican drug cartels.
Though the President-Elect has promised to either deport or incarcerate millions of illegal immigrants with criminal records, he stopped short of claiming that all undocumented immigrants living in the United States would be deported:
‘After the border is secure and after everything gets normalized, we’re going to make a determination on the people that they’re talking about who are terrific people, they’re terrific people but we are gonna make a determination at that ,’ Trump said.
‘But before we make that determination…it’s very important, we are going to secure our border.’
Watch Trump make his promise to deport criminals in a September 1, 2016 Immigration Speech:
Day one, my first hour in office, those people are gone. You can call it ‘deported’ if you want… the press doesn’t like that term… you can call it whatever you want… they’re gone. 
Their days have run out in this country… the crime will stop… they’re going to be gone. It will be over. 

If you think Anti-Trump protestors have gone off the rails following Hillary’s loss, just wait until Trump starts nationwide mass deportations. 
We encourage you to consider the implications of this policy and prepare for widespread violence now , because this could quickly escalate to open warfare on the street of America.
Related: 
A Step-By-Step Guide To Prepare For Any Disaster 
Illegal Immigration And Gangs: Someday Our Cities Will Burn Because We Didn’t Protect Our Borders 
Watch: How Liberals React When Asked to House An Illegal Immigrant Child In Their Homes 
This Stunning Chart Shows How Trump’s Border Wall Will Stop Illegal Immigration 
“This Quickly Escalates Into Open Warfare” – Why The Government Is Preparing For Post-Election Chaos ",0
1650,Barbra Streisand Blames Sexism for Hillary Clinton’s ’Heartbreaking’ Loss,"Singer Barbra Streisand has suggested that America’s misogynistic tendencies are to blame for former Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s loss in the 2016 campaign. [“Women are still so underestimated it’s incredible to watch even this last election with Hillary, the kind of strong woman, the powerful woman, the educated woman, the experienced woman, being thought of as the other, or too elite, or too educated,” the    icon told WNYC’s Leonard Lopate on Wednesday.  “It’s very, very odd to me, and it was heartbreaking for her to lose, you know?” Streisand said, adding that “power and woman has always been suspect. Strong women have always been suspect in this country. ” Streisand spent much of the presidential campaign working to get Clinton elected and bashing   candidate Donald Trump. Two months before she promised to move to Australia if Trump won the election, the singer headlined a plush New York City fundraiser for Clinton and mocked Trump by performing a rendition of Stephen Sondheim’s 1973 song “Send in the Clowns. ” Last month, Streisand blamed the president for her weight gain. “Donald Trump is making me gain weight. I start the day with liquids, but after the morning news, I eat pancakes smothered in maple syrup!” she tweeted. Streisand’s remarks to WNYC come just weeks after Clinton said in a speech at the Women in the World summit  that misogyny undoubtedly “played a role” in her election loss. Streisand was promoting her upcoming live performances at Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum on May 4th, and at Brooklyn’s Barclays Center on May 6th.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @jeromeehudson",0
1651,Failed weapons systems cost Pentagon $58 billion over two decades,"Failed weapons systems cost Pentagon $58 billion over two decades Failed weapons systems cost Pentagon $58 billion over two decades By 0 82 
The Pentagon loves to throw good money after bad ‒ to the tune of nearly $60 billion on failed big-ticket weapons systems over the last two decades, according to a new internal Department of Defense review. 
From the Army’s Future Combat Systems (FCS) that focused on fighting the last war to its RAH-66 Comanche stealth helicopters that never quite got off the ground, between 1997 and October 2016, the Pentagon invested $58 billion on weapons technology it never received. That doesn’t include the boondoggle that is the F-35 jet , which was finally declared “ready for combat” at the beginning of August. 
The FCS ($20 billion) and the Comanche ($9.8 billion) are just two of 23 major weapons programs that were canceled before they were finished, and together the two Army projects made up more than 50 percent of the “sunk costs” outlined in the Pentagon’s annual internal acquisitions performance review. The 224-page report by Undersecretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics Frank Kendall was published earlier this week. 
Read more 
The report noted how much money was spent on each canceled program, how far along in the process they were before they were killed, and if any of the technology was rolled up into new programs. For example, although the FCS was canceled, parts of it ‒ including many of the manned ground vehicles and the Intelligent Munitions System ‒ were swept up into a current program called the Army Brigade Combat Team Modernization Program. 
Most of the programs were killed before they blew through their budgets, but eight of them spent all the money allotted to them before the Pentagon canceled them, the report found. 
The Government Accountability Office, a Congressional watchdog, conducted an audit of Pentagon spending in 2011 and found $70 billion in waste, the New York Times reported at the time . Much of the overspending happened because the DOD started building weapons systems before the designs were fully tested, the auditors said. 
With acquisitions overruns long being a thorn in the side of the Pentagon’s budget, in March the Air Force enlisted IBM’s Jeopardy! -winning cognitive computer , Watson. Two contractors are currently working to create programs that would enable Watson to navigate the 1,897-page Federal Acquisition Regulation, helping potential government vendors actually bid for military contracts. The project is expected to become operational by 2018. 
Another way the Pentagon has sought to cut down wasted spending is through the latest update to its acquisitions program, called ‘Better Buying Power 3.0’, which was announced in April 2015 . The program was designed to have “a stronger emphasis on innovation, technical excellence, and the quality of our products,” Kendall wrote in a memo ordering the program’s implementation. It calls on the military-industrial complex to make projects more affordable in terms of funding, schedule and manpower throughout the entire lifespan of their products. It will also reward contractors for successful expense management, and ask them to eliminate unproductive processes and unnecessary bureaucracy. 
Of course, holding contractors accountable for their failures when it comes to major cost overruns or weapons systems that don’t work is easier said than done. And it doesn’t help when someone at the Pentagon thinks it’s a good idea to spend money on bomb-sniffing elephants . 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.",0
1652,Trump Administration Orders Tougher Screening of Visa Applicants - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The Trump administration is making it tougher for millions of visitors to enter the United States by demanding new security checks before giving visas to tourists, business travelers and relatives of American residents. Diplomatic cables sent last week from Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson to all American embassies instructed consular officials to broadly increase scrutiny. It was the first evidence of the “extreme vetting” Mr. Trump promised during the presidential campaign. The new rules generally do not apply to citizens of 38 countries  —   including most of Europe and longstanding allies like Australia, New Zealand, Japan and South Korea  —   who can be speedily admitted into the United States under the visa waiver program. That program does not cover citizens from any country in the Middle East or Africa. Even stricter security checks for people from six predominantly Muslim nations remain on hold because federal courts have temporarily blocked President Trump’s travel ban. But Mr. Trump and his national security team are not waiting to toughen the rules to decide who can enter the United States. Embassy officials must now scrutinize a broader pool of visa applicants to determine if they pose security risks to the United States, according to four cables sent between March 10 and March 17. That extra scrutiny will include asking applicants detailed questions about their background and making mandatory checks of social media history if a person has ever been in territory controlled by the Islamic State. Mr. Trump has spoken regularly of his concern about the threat of “radical Islamic terrorism” from immigrants. But it is unclear who, exactly, will be targeted for the extra scrutiny since Mr. Tillerson’s cables leave that decision up to security officers at each embassy. Still, taken together, consular officials and immigration advocates said the administration’s moves will increase the likelihood of denial for those seeking to come to America, and will further slow down a bureaucratic approval process that can already take months or even years for those flagged for extra investigation. In 2016, the United States issued more than 10 million visas. There are legitimate reasons someone might be targeted, such as evidence of a connection to terrorism or crime. But advocates also said they worry about people being profiled for extra scrutiny because of their name or nationality. “This will certainly slow down the screening process and impose a substantial burden on these applicants,” said Greg Chen, the director of advocacy for the American Immigration Lawyers Association. “It will make it much harder and create substantial delays. ” The cables from Mr. Tillerson, which were reported by Reuters, make clear that the Trump administration wants a more intense focus on the potential for a serious threat when making decisions about who should receive a visa. “Consular officers should not hesitate to refuse any case presenting security concerns,” Mr. Tillerson wrote in the cables, titled “Implementing Immediate Heightened Screening and Vetting of Visa Applications. ” “All visa decisions are national security decisions,” the secretary of state added. During his presidential campaign, Mr. Trump accused the Obama administration of failing to properly screen people coming into the United States, a claim former officials in that administration reject. As a candidate, Mr. Trump vowed to ban all incoming Muslims until leaders could “figure out what the hell is going on. ” Later, he backed away from a total ban on Muslims but promised “extreme vetting” of those trying to come to the United States. The president’s first attempt to put tougher screening in place was the executive order aimed at temporarily blocking refugees and people whom Mr. Trump called “bad dudes” from predominantly Muslim countries. Courts blocked the first version of the president’s order after a chaotic rollout just days into his term. A second order was blocked this month. But on March 6, the same day that Mr. Trump issued his revised travel ban, he also wrote a presidential memorandum ordering the secretary of state, the attorney general and the secretary of homeland security to “implement protocols and procedures” to enhance visa screening. Administration officials said the cables from Mr. Tillerson are among the actions being taken to carry out that memorandum. Mark Toner, a State Department spokesman, said the steps aim “to more effectively identify individuals who could pose a threat to the United States. ” Most people seeking entry to the United States, for family, business or tourism reasons, must apply for a visa. Embassy officials can deny a visa for anyone suspected of being a threat, conducting fraud or planning to stay longer than allowed. The   unclassified cable that Mr. Tillerson sent on March 15, which was provided to The New York Times, makes clear that the process of securing an entry visa is about to get harder and longer at diplomatic posts around the globe. “Consular chiefs must immediately convene post’s law enforcement and intelligence community partners” to develop what Mr. Tillerson described in the cable as “sets of   populations warranting increased scrutiny. ” People targeted for increased scrutiny, Mr. Tillerson said in his cable, may be subject to a decision made only after more rigorous screening. The March 15 cable suggests areas of inquiry during a required interview, including: the applicant’s travel history, addresses and work history for 15 years and all phone numbers, email addresses and social media handles used by the applicant in the past five years. Another cable, sent two days later, indicated that consular officers should not begin asking for the   travel and work histories until the State Department received authorization for those questions from the Office of Management and Budget. It is unclear why that permission had not been granted. The State Department also urged its embassy officials to delay or reschedule interviews if an applicant was unable to provide all of the information demanded. And Mr. Tillerson acknowledged in the cables that the extra scrutiny would cause “backlogs to rise,” even as he recommended that officials should each interview no more than 120 visa applicants each day. Mr. Chen, of the American Immigration Lawyers Association, questioned how a single interviewer who conducts 120 interviews per day  —   at about five minutes per interview  —   could improve security for the visa process. “It’s highly unlikely they could obtain information that demonstrates whether someone is a national security threat in such a brief interview process,” he said. In addition to the new security protocols for embassies, the four diplomatic cables sent last week offer a view into how the administration hopes to enact the travel ban if the president ever gets the chance. The March 15 cable, which was sent before federal courts blocked the revised travel ban, increases scrutiny on people from the six countries in the president’s executive order: Iran, Yemen, Sudan, Syria, Somalia and Libya. It also includes a section calling for increased scrutiny for Iraqi nationals. For those from the six countries covered in the ban, the cable envisions a process for potentially granting a limited number of exemptions from the ban by issuing a waiver, but only after vigorous screening. Those people would be questioned about their past 15 years of travel and occupational history, as well as whether they have visited territory controlled by the Islamic State. A March 16 cable suspended “all enforcement” regarding the tougher scrutiny on the countries from Mr. Trump’s executive order.",0
1653,White House Proposes New Rules to Steady Insurance Markets Under Health Law - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The Trump administration proposed new rules on Wednesday to stabilize health insurance markets roiled by efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act, by big increases in premiums and by the exodus of major insurers. The move came a day after Humana announced that, starting next year, it would completely withdraw from the public marketplaces created by former President Barack Obama’s signature domestic achievement. The proposed rules, backed by insurance companies, would tighten certain enrollment procedures and cut the health law’s open enrollment period in half, in hopes that a smaller but healthier consumer base will put the marketplaces on sounder financial footing and attract more insurance companies in states with limited choices. But part of the market’s problem stems from President Trump’s determination to repeal the health law while the White House and Congress struggle to find a politically acceptable replacement. Even as the Department of Health and Human Services worked to answer insurance company concerns, the Internal Revenue Service and Congress were taking steps that could add uncertainty to the jittery insurance economy. On Capitol Hill, conservatives declared that they are not about to accept a health law replacement that remotely resembles the Affordable Care Act. And the I. R. S. adopted a policy for the coming tax season that could weaken the requirement for people to have insurance. The tax agency said it was reversing one aspect of an Obama administration plan after Mr. Trump, on his first day in office, issued an executive order instructing agencies to reduce burdens imposed by compliance with the Affordable Care Act wherever legally possible. The proposed rules signal the Trump administration’s urgency in trying to keep other insurers from fleeing the market after Humana’s departure. The company said on Tuesday that it was losing money by insuring too many sick people without enough healthy ones enrolling. Humana had already scaled back its participation to 11 states this year, from 19 in 2016. Mark T. Bertolini, the chief executive of Aetna, said Wednesday that the marketplaces were in “a death spiral,” and at a conference sponsored by The Wall Street Journal, he declined to say if his company would participate next year. And Molina Healthcare, one of the few insurers that seemed to be financially successful under the health law, reported on Wednesday that it was losing money in the marketplaces. It threatened to drop out if its concerns about a   program requiring the company to pay hundreds of millions of dollars to other insurers were not addressed. Dr. Patrick H. Conway, the acting administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, said the rules proposed on Wednesday “will help protect Americans enrolled in the individual and small group health insurance markets while future reforms are being debated. ” But Democrats and consumer groups denounced the proposed rules, saying they would make it more difficult for people to enroll and increase costs for some consumers. Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, the senior Democrat on the Finance Committee, said the rules sent “a clear message to the American people: Patients are not a priority, and insurance companies are back in charge. ” Under the proposed rules, the annual open enrollment period would be reduced to about six weeks from two months. The shorter time frame would be similar to the open enrollment periods for Medicare and for many   health plans. But the administration acknowledged that the shorter   period “could lead to a reduction in enrollees, primarily younger and healthier enrollees” who often sign up near the deadline. Other parts of the rules would limit opportunities for people to hold off on buying insurance until they get sick, a phenomenon that has loaded many health plans offered under the Affordable Care Act with more expensive, sick customers than they expected. By manipulating a system that now precludes insurers from rejecting customers with   medical conditions, consumers are avoiding the purchase of insurance when they are healthy and rushing in when they need it, insurers say. The rules also would require consumers to provide “supporting documentation” to prove they were eligible to enroll in health plans through HealthCare. gov outside the standard open enrollment season. The administration estimated that 650, 000 people annually could have their enrollment delayed because of the new requirement to verify eligibility. People can sign up after the deadline if they experience certain “life changes” like having a baby, getting married or losing   insurance. Insurers have told the government for several years that people who sign up in a special enrollment period use up to 50 percent more services than those who sign up in the regular enrollment season. Insurers and Republican members of Congress welcomed the proposed changes, which will be published in the Federal Register on Friday, giving the public until March 7 to comment. Final rules are likely to be issued in March or April. Insurers must decide by early May what kinds of health plans they will offer in 2018. Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee and chairman of the Senate health committee, said the proposals were “important first steps to rescue a collapsing Obamacare individual market. ’’ But insurers cautioned that the proposed rules, while helpful, would in no way provide a solution if, in a few weeks, Republicans introduce legislation to repeal major provisions of the Affordable Care Act, such as the requirement for most Americans to have coverage. Christopher W. Hansen, the president of the advocacy arm of the American Cancer Society, said the tighter restrictions on special enrollment periods could “cause problems for cancer patients,” delaying treatment and reducing their chances of survival. Changes being made by the I. R. S. could weaken incentives for people to obtain insurance. The tax agency said it would accept and process tax returns even if taxpayers failed to indicate whether they had coverage, qualified for an exemption or were paying the penalty for going without insurance. The individual mandate, requiring most Americans to have insurance, was to be enforced through the tax system. The I. R. S. said the requirement was “still in force until changed by Congress. ” The government can deduct the amount of any penalty from refunds that would otherwise be sent to taxpayers. But it is unclear how it will use this authority. In the rules proposed Wednesday, the Trump administration said that it would generally allow states to determine whether insurance plans had enough doctors, hospitals and other health care providers to serve patients. The hope is that would lure more insurers into the market. Additionally, insurers could refuse to provide new coverage to consumers who failed to pay premiums owed in the previous year. If an insurer terminates coverage for nonpayment of premiums, it could require consumers to pay all   premiums owed to that insurer before restarting coverage. And insurers would be allowed to sell health plans covering a smaller share of expected costs. The administration said consumers would have “more coverage options” as a result, but it acknowledged that some consumers could see increases in their deductibles and other    costs.",0
1654,Satire to resume writing itself,"November 9, 2016 
Satire, an archetype invented by classical Roman poets, has reversed a decision it took in early July and will continue taking charge of the global situation. Satirists, who had hoped to resume control of a vehicle that has now nullified itself by creating real world conditions so ridiculous that it is impossible to send them up, called the decision ‘disappointing but understandable’. 
‘Just to recap,’ said Satire, ‘I actually began all this in the States a year ago so it’s come full circle. The joke seemed to have gone stale after a while, so I switched to Britain. I whipped up an unnecessary referendum, chucked in some grotesque stock characters and got an overgrown blonde child to pretend to be for one side when he had been for the other just months before.’ 
‘I encouraged him to do just enough to get an honourable defeat, only to have him win so that his school chum who had been ruling the country had to resign. Then, I arranged for his weird sidekick to stab him in the back, only to get chucked out in turn, then let two demonic female figures fight it out and had one win who thought much the same as the original man about the original problem, which wasn’t really a problem at all and ensured she is bound to win an election on the decision, even though most people regret it.’ 
At that point, Satire took a back seat, agreeing that the possibility of a fictional orange-skinned character might become the world’s most powerful man after a campaign based on telling obvious lies, losing every debate and winning the evangelical vote by gripping vaginas was just too ridiculous to write about. Now, however, he has decided to make another go of it. 
‘OK, so I’m in my comfort zone now,’ Satire concluded. ‘The world’s leading nation devoting its entire energy to building a wall to stop brown-skinned people coming to do the jobs they won’t do themselves, people protesting against the 1% by voting for the epitome of the 1%, a thin-skinned, twice-bankrupt narcissist making decisions that will affect the whole world for a generation – it’s going to be epic. I mean, seriously, what’s the worst that could happen? … Nuclear war, you say? Hey, that could lead to another satire boom too. Boom – geddit? Did you see what I did there? Oh please yourselves…’ Share this story... 
Posted: Nov 9th, 2016 by Oxbridge Click for more article by Oxbridge .. More Stories about: Left Alert 0",0
1655,Putin scared the CIA by replacing Microsoft with Russian product (subtitled),"2 Comments on ""Putin scared the CIA by replacing Microsoft with Russian product (subtitled)"" Leave a Reply Click here to get more info on formatting (1) Leave the name field empty if you want to post as Anonymous. It's preferable that you choose a name so it becomes clear who said what. E-mail address is not mandatory either. The website automatically checks for spam. Please refer to our moderation policies for more details. We check to make sure that no comment is mistakenly marked as spam. This takes time and effort, so please be patient until your comment appears. Thanks. (2) 10 replies to a comment are the maximum. (3) Here are formating examples which you can use in your writing:<b>bold text</b> results in bold text <i>italic text</i> results in italic text (You can also combine two formating tags with each other, for example to get bold-italic text.)<em>emphasized text</em> results in emphasized text <strong>strong text</strong> results in strong text <q>a quote text</q> results in a quote text (quotation marks are added automatically) <cite>a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited</cite> results in: a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited <blockquote>a heavier version of quoting a block of text...</blockquote> results in: a heavier version of quoting a block of text that can span several lines. Use these possibilities appropriately. They are meant to help you create and follow the discussions in a better way. They can assist in grasping the content value of a comment more quickly. and last but not least:<a href=''http://link-address.com''>Name of your link</a> results in Name of your link (4) No need to use this special character in between paragraphs:  ; You do not need it anymore. Just write as you like and your paragraphs will be separated. The ""Live Preview"" appears automatically when you start typing below the text area and it will show you how your comment will look like before you send it. (5) If you now think that this is too confusing then just ignore the code above and write as you like. uncle Bob 1 
I agree,and think that should be a “high priority” action. As the video said it should have been “done yesterday”. Reply November 6, 2016 10:17 pm +Mikie Share On Facebook 
I saw on Facebook that Snowden is making a “new” product, a device that looks like a phone case that supposedly prevents hackers from accesing your phone as you walk by, and I ROFLd. Why would anyone bother following you around the world, when your Google Android phone is sending every contact, sms, location, bookmarks and all the rest to the Google central servers. In the US of A. Last time I read about it few years ago that Google has a data centre consisting of 4 ACRES of computers. 
Russians are creating an Android-like operating system for phones as well, and it’s a smart move. The sooner the better. 
Chinese are even going so far as to make their own PROCESSORS. I guess experience with good old Pentium 66 left a bad taste ;) Reply November 6, 2016 11:25 pm Search articles",0
1656,Oregon Militia Leaders Acquitted; Liberals Claim it's Because... | The Federalist Papers,"Pinterest 
Oregon militia leaders Ammon and Ryan Bundy, along with several others, were acquitted on Thursday in relation to their 41-day standoff at a federal wildlife refuge in Oregon earlier this year, CNN has reported . Shaun King wrote in the New York Daily News that the acquittal was an example of “white privilege.” 
Liberal race-baiters have jumped to the fore in the wake of the acquittal to make such claims without any understanding of the case. 
According to King, if these had been Black Lives Matter activists, they wouldn’t have been acquitted. Neither would Muslim-American activists in King’s racist world. 
King claimed that BLM protesters would be treated very differently: 
Imagine just for a moment that heavily-armed Black Lives Matter activists took over a federal building. It’s doubtful that such a siege would last longer than a day. By and large, unarmed, non-violent peaceful black protestors are arrested on sight when they even block the entrance to a federal building. Many are still facing charges for such simple acts of civil disobedience to this very day and they did nothing like what the Bundy clan did in Oregon. 
Set aside the fact that King has no clue about what the Bundys did and why they did it — if he did he would understand why his comparison doesn’t hold water — he also doesn’t realize that we don’t have to imagine much here in relation to BLM activists. 
Were BLM protesters “non-violent” when they blocked major highways? How about when they beat an innocent white man? What about the rampant looting of innocent store owners in the wake of officer involved shootings? Then there are the police officers whose lives have been ruined, despite the fact that the shootings were found to have been justified, because race-baiters jumped to conclusions and incited violence to further their agenda. 
We see an enormous amount of lawlessness committed in the wake of officer-involved shootings that has nothing to do with the “cause”— which is roundly debunked by the facts — but people like King still defend it. 
When a black man is killed by police, the police are condemned before the facts are in and even after it’s shown that a particular shooting was justified. 
I wonder if King and other race-baiters cared as much when Oregon militia leader LaVoy Finicum was killed in an officer-involved shooting. That’s not to say whether it was justified or not, but that never stops the racial grievance mongers from protesting and rioting, does it? What’s the only difference there? Oh, Finicum was white. 
Here’s what King had so say about how Muslim activists would be treated: 
Or imagine that an armed group of Muslim-American activists took over a federal building. I’m not talking about immigrants or people on the terrorist watch list, but just good, old fashioned American students who happened to be Muslims. Do you think they’d be allowed to continue their takeover for 41 days? Do you think they’d be acquitted at trial? Those young men would likely be taken to Gitmo. I’m not even kidding. 
Really? So that’s why this country allows in refugees that we can’t properly vet and refuses to monitor known radical mosques…because things are so biased against Muslims? 
Apparently King has never heard of things called hate crime laws or affirmative action — two things that represent the true “systemic racism” plaguing this country. 
What kind of “white privilege” did the more than 80 white people killed — including women and children — in the Waco siege have, Mr. King? 
People like King really do live in a fantasy land of alleged racism, that is self-imposed by their inability and/or unwillingness to critically think for themselves. Then again, there’s a lot of money to be made in peddling racial division based on lies, so it certainly could be that as well… ",0
1657,Donald Trump Berates Paul Ryan and ‘Disloyal’ Republicans - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump lashed out at Speaker Paul D. Ryan and other critics within his party on Tuesday in a barrage of Twitter posts deriding the   Republican as a feckless leader and warning that those who have been disloyal risked handing the election to Hillary Clinton. The early morning attack escalated the war between the Republican presidential nominee and those party establishment figures who have abandoned him since the emergence of a 2005 video that showed Mr. Trump demeaning women in lurid terms. That was the last straw for Mr. Ryan, who told Republicans in Congress that they should feel free to stop supporting Mr. Trump if they felt it would improve their own prospects on Election Day. On Tuesday, Mr. Trump was still seething over Mr. Ryan’s refusal to stick with him. Mr. Trump also appeared to be laying the groundwork to blame Mr. Ryan and Republicans who opposed him should he lose the election next month, complaining that it is “hard to do well” without the support of his own party. Democrats, he said, are more loyal to their own kind. In a mood to settle scores, Mr. Trump also assailed Senator John McCain of Arizona for selling him out. The two men clashed last year when Mr. Trump declared that Mr. McCain, a decorated veteran who was captured and imprisoned in Vietnam, was not a war hero. They later made amends but the relationship unraveled when Mr. McCain denounced Mr. Trump for boasting about sexually assaulting women in the video. “The very   Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his primary (I gave, he won) then dropped me over locker room remarks!” Mr. Trump wrote in an afternoon post on Twitter. Mr. Trump has increasingly been trying to fire up his base of supporters by ridiculing Republican leaders and making incendiary allegations against Mrs. Clinton and her husband. At a rally on Monday night, he reiterated his promise to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Mrs. Clinton if he were elected president, and he warned that if more videos of him exhibiting vulgar behavior became public, he would redouble his attacks on Mrs. Clinton’s family. The Trump campaign has also released a new advertisement that features footage of Mrs. Clinton having a coughing fit and a scene of her stumbling into a vehicle when she came down with pneumonia last month. Mr. Trump had initially avoided using Mrs. Clinton’s illness against her, but recently mocked her stumble publicly and said it was more evidence that she lacked stamina. The fallout from the video and Mr. Trump’s more combustible attitude has already shown signs that it is turning off independent voters and women. Christian conservatives, an important segment of the Republican base, have also expressed concern that Mr. Trump has taken his scorched earth approach too far. “This past week, the latest (though surely not last) revelations from Trump’s past have caused many evangelical leaders to reconsider,” Andy Crouch, the executive editor of the evangelical publication Christianity Today, wrote in an editorial published Monday. “The revelations of the past week of his vile and crude boasting about sexual conquest  —   indeed, sexual assault  —   might have been shocking, but they should have surprised no one. ” The essay went on to argue that many Christians have been supporting Mr. Trump for strategic reasons, largely based on the notion that he was on their side when it came to social issues and the direction of the Supreme Court, but that ultimately social conservatives could not be blind to Mr. Trump’s behavior. “Enthusiasm for a candidate like Trump gives our neighbors ample reason to doubt that we believe Jesus is Lord,” Mr. Crouch wrote. “They see that some of us are so   and so   that we will ally ourselves with someone who violates all that is sacred to us  —   in hope, almost certainly a vain hope given his mendacity and record of betrayal, that his rule will save us. ” However, not everyone is turning against Mr. Trump, with four weeks to go until Election Day. In a speech at Liberty University in Virginia on Monday, Ralph Reed, a prominent evangelical leader, made a forceful case for why Mr. Trump remained a better choice than Mrs. Clinton despite the offensive video that was revealed last week. And Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, who fought bitterly with Mr. Trump during the Republican primary campaign, said on Tuesday that he was not ready to abandon Mr. Trump. For his part, Mr. Trump suggested on Tuesday that he now felt emboldened by his campaign’s new leadership team and the fact that he was no longer trying to please establishment Republicans by restraining himself.",0
1658,Legendary US Gymnastics Coach Bela Karolyi May Have Known for YEARS That Team's Doctor Sexually Abused Girls,"Share on Twitter 
An unidentified former Olympic gymnast who competed on the U.S. team from 2006 - 2011 just filed a lawsuit with the Los Angeles Superior Court—and it contains a bombshell accusation. 
She alleges that longtime USA Gymnastics coaches Marta and Bela Karolyi turned a blind eye in allowing Olympic Dr. Larry Nassar to sexually abuse her and other athletes. Image Credit: IOPP/Getty Images 
The 60-page lawsuit, filed Thursday by the unidentified athlete who goes as “Jane LM Doe” in court papers, states that the alleged abuse occurred at a Karolyi-run facility in Texas, which also served as the training site for the USA Gymnastics team. Dr. Larry Nassar, Michigan State University #MSU & fmr USA Gymnastics doctor fired & accused of sexual assault https://t.co/rMLFx9bLqv pic.twitter.com/5PtnYFaSBY — Michael Harris (@michaelharrisdr) September 21, 2016 
According to reports, the new suit is just one of many filed against Dr. Nassar. 
Dr. Nassar is said to have committed the abuse over several years. He would perform “intravaginal adjustment,” where he would “digitally penetrate” the victim's vagina in order to “adjust her bones.” More abuse claims against former USA Gymnastics doc: Dr. Larry Nassar is accused of sexually abusing at least... https://t.co/cm2t6lA9C6 — Mohamed Bakchich (@Bakchich073) September 25, 2016 
The allegations against Dr. Nassar in the lawsuit claim: 
“These vaginal examinations were well outside any recognized and/or accepted technique and were done for Nassar's own sexual gratification.” 
The suit also states that Dr. Nassar was able to assault the athletes, many of whom were minors, due to his “unfettered and secluded access” to the girls. 
He even lived and slept in the same quarters as the athletes: 
“Using his position as team physician, Nassar would interact with [the alleged victim] under the guise of providing her care and treatments necessary for her to compete as a world-class, Olympic medal-winning gymnast.” — GNN Team (@GNNgymnastnews) September 22, 2016 
To make matters even worse, the suit states the abuse was able to continue for so long because of the legendary coaches. 
According to the reports, the Karoylis instilled intimidation and fear in the athletes by striking and scratching them as well as depriving them of food and water. 
This suit, in particular, is unique because not only is Dr. Nassar being accused of assault, but so are the legendary coaches: Image Credit: Timothy A. Clary/Getty Images 
The lawsuit states that this “toxic environment” gave Nassar the opportunity to commit sexual abuse. It also alleges that the Karoylis knew about the sexual abuse but concealed it in order to uphold their reputation and keep their program running. 
This is not the first time Dr. Nassar has been accused of these crimes. 
Over 20 women have come forward with accusations of sexual assault, but no criminal charges have been filed against him. Dr. Larry G. Nassar: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know https://t.co/vIaGiThwbf #News pic.twitter.com/gCjCsZFboM — PoliticallyCorrect (@EEUU_Politic) September 12, 2016 
Just last month, Olympic gymnast Rachael Denhollander of Louisville, Kentucky filed a lawsuit against Dr. Nassar. She claims he sexually abused her in 2000 while she underwent treatment for lower back pain at Michigan State University, where Nassar is a faculty member. 
According to Denhollander, Dr. Nassar assaulted her five times, the first time occurring when she was just 15. 
As for why she never came forward, the gymnast stated she not only feared him but was ashamed: 
""I was ashamed. I was very embarrassed. And I was very confused, trying to reconcile what was happening with the person he was supposed to be. 
He's this famous team doctor. He's trusted by my friends. He's trusted by these other gymnasts. How could he reach this position in the medical profession? How could he reach this kind of prominence and stature if this is who he is?"" 
In Denhollander's lawsuit, she claimed that Dr. Nassar inappropriately touched her breast and vagina. She also said he brought up oral sex and even stated he had an erection while meeting with her. 
Since the allegations were brought to light, the USAG released this statement to The IndyStar: 
“As we have made clear when USA Gymnastics first learned of athlete concerns regarding Dr. Nassar, we dismissed him from further involvement and reported those concerns to the FBI. 
Still, the allegations that have been made are troubling. USA Gymnastics is committed to promoting a safe environment for our athletes. Due to the pending litigation and ongoing investigation, however, we are unable to comment further.” 
So far, Dr. Nassar has denied all allegations against him. 
You can check out an interview with Denhollander below: ",0
1659,PATRIOT Act At 15: Do You Feel Safer?,"PATRIOT Act At 15: Do You Feel Safer? PATRIOT Act At 15: Do You Feel Safer? By 0 43 
Yesterday was the 15th anniversary of President George W. Bush signing the PATRIOT Act into law. It was supposed to be only a temporary measure to address the emergency situation caused by the attacks of 9/11. Fifteen years later it has been re-authorized many times and last year some of its worst parts were codified into law in the USA FREEDOM Act. From the War Powers Resolution, to the FISA Court, to the “reform” USA FREEDOM Act, bills that were designed to rein in government abuses end up just giving government more power. Is there anything we can do about it? Ron Paul Institute Senior Fellow Adam Dick joins today’s Ron Paul Liberty Report to discuss:",0
1660,"Review: ‘Bad Moms,’ a Comedy of Outrage Pegged to Smother Mothers - The New York Times","Are women trending? I guess they are! Suddenly, they seem to be just everywhere, onscreen and offscreen, in   flicks, in   comedies and even in the presidential race. The latest   evidence that women are hot (kind of) and not simply in a   way, is “Bad Moms,” a funny, giddy, sentimental   from Jon Lucas and Scott Moore, who wrote the 2009 hit comedy “The Hangover. ” That movie pretty much ignored the ladies but made enough money to spawn another smash and a second, less successful sequel that may have killed off the franchise. So if “Bad Moms” kind of feels like leftovers, there’s a reason. Much like “The Hangover” (Mr. Lucas and Mr. Moore can take writing credit and blame only for the first movie) “Bad Moms” is a comedy of outrage pegged to a gender stereotype, this time the smother mothers of America. You know the type, or maybe you’ve just read about her in lifestyle articles featuring enlightened parenting and   snacks. She’s the one who  —   in between enjoying a fulfilling career and flipping through cookbooks for vegan cookie recipes (for a bake sale, natch)  —   ferries the kids from school to soccer and whatever other extracurricular activities can pad a college application. It’s a cliché that Amy (Mila Kunis) struggles to emulate. The frantic, pinwheeling center of “Bad Moms,” she enters in heels at full speed, a pace she keeps up as she sprints from one demand to another, often with her two children in tow. Mr. Lucas and Mr. Moore, who both wrote and directed, keep Amy on the run for a while, playing her harried purposefulness against some gently disruptive sight gags: a giant head of Richard M. Nixon that she makes for a school project, a dog wearing a helmet, an office run by giant children. (Clark Duke plays her boss, while Christina Applegate, Jada Pinkett Smith and Annie Mumolo offer backup as the   mean girls  —   i. e. the momsters.) The    mother might be a fantasy, but she’s good for a laugh. She’s also been good for sales. You could fill an entire Amazon fulfillment center with parenting books, with a few rows reserved for putatively bad or just   moms. These range from   reads like Allison Pearson’s “I Don’t Know How She Does It” to   manuals with   titles, like one coyly subtitled “The Parenting Guide for the Rest of Us. ” (If a lot of these humor books seem to focus on mothers, it’s probably because that’s the way the world still turns, although you also have to wonder if stories about terrible fathers cut too queasily close to the bone for mass readership.) The   movie was inevitable, given both this industrial parenting complex and the boomlet of comedies about badly behaved women that have appeared in the wake of “Bridesmaids” (2011): “Tammy,” “Trainwreck,” “Sisters” and so on. Most of the women in these movies don’t resemble villainous vixens of old, like those film noir femmes fatales who caused tough guys to go weak in the knees and murmur, “Baby, I don’t care. ” Most of these funny ladies aren’t even particularly naughty. They just do things that women aren’t supposed to do or, more truly, don’t often do in mainstream American movies, like pound shots, fall flat on their faces and have sex without tears. The comedy in “Bad Moms” hinges on a rarer type: the good mother gone rogue, which here mostly involves kicking back, something Amy does after she boots out her cheating husband and stops coddling her kids. (They’re forced to eat cold cereal. From a box.) The naturally likable Ms. Kunis, who has a screwball heroine’s springiness and the eyes of Bambi under fire, helps humanize the story’s mechanical turns, as do her gal pals, the neurotic, overachieving Kiki (Kristen Bell) and the   slacker Carla (Kathryn Hahn). If I could write sonnets, I would write one about Ms. Hahn, whose timing  —   she finds depths in that little pause before a joke crests  —   can turn laughs into howls. Carla aside, the movie’s yuks are tame stuff. What makes “Bad Moms” funny (aside from its lineup of gifted performers) isn’t that Amy and her friends go wild they don’t, not even close. It’s the women’s shared,   pleasure in their freedom and friendship. In the most comically honed and sustained scene, Amy, Kiki and Carla run mild and a bit loony  —   and in slow motion  —   through a supermarket, where they rip open boxes, chug booze and (absurdly) terrorize a guard, their every offense turned into an epic of   destruction by the decelerated visuals. There’s nothing genuinely transgressive about their behavior they’re just drunk, happy and together. “Bad Moms” is rated R (under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian). Booze and some bedroom rocking and rolling. Running time: 1 hour 41 minutes.",0
1661,"Donald Trump, North Korea, Kashmir: Your Morning Briefing - The New York Times","Good morning.  Here’s what you need to know: • President Trump’s foreign policy was tested over a weekend of golf diplomacy with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan when North Korea launched a ballistic missile. Mr. Trump reacted with surprising restraint, intent on showing that he would not be baited into a confrontation. The president’s   positions are proving less radical than forecast on China and other countries. He meets with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada today and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel on Wednesday. _____ • The whiplash legal drama over Mr. Trump’s immigration actions is likely to continue. Mr. Trump said he might sign “a   order” today to replace the travel ban a judicial panel refused to reinstate. Here’s a look at his options. For now, refugees and travelers from seven predominantly Muslim countries can continue to enter the U. S. but undocumented immigrants are bracing for a surge in deportations. Some are fleeing to Canada. Here is a    tracker of Mr. Trump’s cabinet and agenda. _____ • The mystery over a missing Chinese billionaire deepened. People who have seen security video from a luxury hotel in Hong Kong say Xiao Jianhua, one of China’s wealthiest financiers, above, was taken away last month in a wheelchair, his head covered by a blanket, by about half a dozen men. He is believed be in custody on the mainland. Why is unknown, but Mr. Xiao, as the de facto banker to the Communist Party elite, stands to know a great deal about the financial holdings of the country’s leading political families. _____ •  In Indonesia, fears are rising that the incumbent governor’s quest for   on Wednesday is creating a backlash against other   a tiny but often resented minority who have a long history of being persecuted. Fake news stories link them to dark plots, suggesting that Beijing will invade Indonesia and that China is poisoning Indonesians by exporting contaminated chili seeds. _____ • “I closed my eyes and played dead. ” That is how a terrified    fruit and vegetable vendor survived a drug raid that ended like so many others in the Philippines, with all the suspects shot by the police. The victim’s testimony is at the heart of the first court case to challenge the brutal antidrug campaign of President Rodrigo Duterte. Above, the mother of a victim. _____ • And an epic Grammy Awards showdown has begun. Beyoncé and Adele compete for best album, record and song. There will be musical tributes to Prince and George Michael, and politics may emerge in performances or speeches. Here is our full coverage. The musical world will be mourning Al Jarreau, a supple vocalist who sold millions of records and won Grammys for his work in jazz, pop and RB. He died at 76. _____ • Yum China is gambling that a reinvented Taco Bell, with dishes like a shrimp and avocado burrito, will recapture the lost allure of American   chains. • Japan  is rethinking tight restrictions on immigration that led to a labor shortage, even as it created a murky, sometimes abused class of   technical trainees brought in from abroad. • China’s Geely Automobile Holdings looks set to buy a controlling stake in Malaysia’s Proton carmaker, which would enable Geely to ship cars   to the entire ASEAN market. • OPEC publishes oil output numbers for January, the first month of production cuts agreed to in December. • Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • Cooler temperatures brought hope in Australia’s New South Wales after a “catastrophic” day of extreme heat and more than 100 fires. [ABC] • Indian security forces in Kashmir fought militants with the group Hizbul Mujahedeen for 12 hours. [The New York Times] • Sam Rainsy resigned as head of Cambodia’s opposition party after Prime Minister Hun Sen threatened to dissolve all parties led by individuals convicted of crimes. [The New York Times] • Japanese conservationists are worried about rare species in an area used for U. S. Osprey   aircraft, including the endangered Okinawa woodpecker. [Asahi Shimbun] • Tiger Woods has pulled out of next week’s Genesis Open in Los Angeles and the Honda Classic the week after in Florida. It is his fifth set of   absences since his   season in 2013. [The New York Times] • We’re in Week 3 of our New Year’s resolution month, when we’re helping you stick to your goals. There’s still time to participate if you haven’t joined already. Sticking to your resolution can be a lot easier with a support system to keep you headed in the right direction. Some ideas that may help: Pursue a financial tuneup with the help of a detailed checklist turn your Instagram feed into a visual, social support group to stick to your diet or even use wearable devices that deliver shocks to keep you from reverting to old habits. We’d love to hear what support systems work for you in keeping your resolutions. Email us, and on Thursday we’ll share some of our favorites. • Recipe of the day: If you’re the type who plans for Valentine’s Day, chicken confit is the recipe you need. • Valentine’s Day is tomorrow. Romantics can check out our latest Modern Love podcast or revisit one of the column’s perennially most popular entries: “The 36 Questions That Lead to Love. ” • Having ”way too much fun” to retire. Women in their 60s and 70s have become significantly more likely to stay on the job at an older age, many out of enjoyment as much as obligation. • And Jiro Taniguchi, a Japanese manga artist and writer renowned for works like “The Times of Botchan” and “The Walking Man,” died at 69. Mail delivery has always been a headache in the archipelago kingdom of Tonga, where some addresses are no more than a village and island name. “Undelivered mail piles up,” said Siosifa Pomana, the head of Tonga Post. “We often have to rely just on the description: In this village, on the left, there is a mango tree and on the right there’s a guy with two dogs,” he said. “It’s very difficult. ” But this week, he’s beginning to unroll a new address system that will pinpoint residents across the country’s 36 inhabited islands. The system, developed by a     is called what3words. It divides the entire planet into 3 meter by 3 meter squares, identifying each with a unique string of words. For the New York Times office in Manhattan, it’s “zest. ropes. along. ” For the Tonga Post headquarters, it’s “international. bashfully. placidity. ” That’s in English  —   users can also find   identifiers in French, Spanish, Portuguese, Swahili, Russian, German and more. Mongolia, Ivory Coast and St. Maarten have signed on. The Red Cross uses it in the Philippines for disaster relief. One consequence in Tonga, Mr. Pomana said, will be more postal work: “This is going to spike up our inbound mail. ” Patrick Boehler contributed reporting. _____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings. What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes. com.",0
1663,West covering up crimes of Bahraini regime: Analyst,"Interviews A protester throws a glass bottle containing paint at a police armored personnel carrier during anti-regime demos in the village of Sitra, south of Manama, February 14, 2016. (Photo by Reuters) 
The Fourth High Criminal Court of Bahrain has sentenced 15 political opponents to long jail terms and also revoked the citizenship of all of them. While several international rights groups have criticized the Al Khalifa regime’s harsh crackdown on the Bahraini opposition, the Western powers turn a blind eye to the Arab state’s violations of human rights. 
Edward Corrigan, an international human rights lawyer, told Press TV’s Top 5 program that the Western powers are trying to whitewash the crimes committed by the Arab dictatorships in the Persian Gulf region because such regimes are considered the West’s “lap dogs.” 
“There is a double standard,” Corrigan said, explaining that Western powers say, “‘If you are a friend of ours and do what we want and give us oil and invest your money into European or American economy, we won’t question your human rights violations.’” 
According to the analyst, “There is hypocrisy, double standards and this is really a big political game. Our dictatorships and allies are OK but somebody else that we don’t like for whatever reason, we magnify their crimes and even create false flags and do other things to try to discredit them.” 
Elsewhere in his remarks, Corrigan said the definition of terrorism in Bahrain covers any kind of opposition, because the regime does “not want to allow any sort of political movements there to try to reform the system, to redress this massive discrimination against the Shia population, and to have any sort of voice for democracy; so, all of that is ‘terrorism.’” 
He added, “It is against the international law to remove people’s nationality from them and this is an extreme sort of punishment, very draconian, as they’re condemned by the international human rights organizations and other organizations.” 
Manama has been cracking down on dissent since February 2011, when an uprising began against the regime. Scores of people have lost their lives and hundreds of others sustained injuries or got arrested as a result of Al Khalifah regime’s harsh crackdown on anti-regime activists. Loading ...",0
1664,Belgium Says It Prevented a Terror Attack on Soccer Fans - The New York Times,"PARIS  —   The police raided dozens of sites across Belgium and brought in 40 people for questioning in an operation to interrupt a terrorist plot to attack fans gathering to watch a televised soccer match between the Belgian and Irish national teams, government officials said on Saturday. Three Belgians were charged with an attempt to commit terrorist murder and participation in the activities of a terrorist group, the Belgian federal prosecutors’ office said. The others brought in for questioning were released by Saturday evening. Prime Minister Charles Michel did not provide specifics in his comments after an emergency national security meeting. But Justice Minister Koen Geens and Deputy Prime Minister Kris Peeters, questioned by the Flemish broadcaster VRT, confirmed that the police had learned of a plot to attack fans gathering to watch the game Saturday on large screens in Brussels’s squares or at bars. The police did not turn up guns or explosives, a statement said, and spectators watched the game without incident. Belgium won the game,   in Bordeaux, France. The scale of the raids and arrests, three months after the attacks in Brussels that killed 32 people, suggested in part that the Belgian authorities were working to dispel doubts about their dedication to rooting out potential terrorists. It also suggested that they believed they were in a race to prevent attacks. An earlier statement from the prosecutors’ office on Saturday said the situation required “immediate intervention. ” Investigations are continuing into the Brussels attacks on March 22 and those in and around Paris in November, which killed 130 people and wounded hundreds. The plot to attack soccer fans, however, did not appear to be related directly to the Paris and Brussels attacks. The prosecutors’ office identified each of the three arrested suspects by his given name and an initial for his surname: Samir C. 27 Moustapha B. 40 and Jawad B. 29. Before the raids Friday night, the most recent   detention in Belgium had come earlier in the week, when federal prosecutors announced the detention and investigation of a man identified as Youssef E. A. 30, in connection with the March attacks in Brussels. He was charged on Friday with “participation in a terrorist group, terrorist murders and attempted terrorist murders as a perpetrator,   or accomplice. ” This month, another man, Ali E. H. A. 31, was similarly charged. The broadness of the charges in both cases suggests that the authorities have yet to determine what role the two men may have played. After the Paris attacks, the Belgian authorities were accused of being insufficiently vigilant when it emerged that the attacks had been planned in Belgium and that the explosives had been manufactured there. Most of the attackers were Belgian or French citizens. Adding to the pressure on the Belgian authorities was information disseminated this month by the Belgian Coordinating Body for Threat Analysis. That government body, which evaluates intelligence and other   information, sent an alert to the police saying extremists who had fought in Syria were headed for Belgium and France. While the warning was based on “raw intelligence,” according to the Belgian authorities, its wide distribution to police services and its leak to a Belgian   newspaper suggested that it was being taken very seriously. In the course of questioning detainees thought to be connected to the Paris and Brussels attacks, investigators in Belgium have picked up several references to the possibility of attacks during the Euro 2016 soccer tournament in France, which lasts through July 10. Both France and Belgium are on high alert. Meanwhile, in the case of a police officer and his female companion who were stabbed to death in France on Monday night, the prosecutors’ office announced that it had opened an investigation and placed two people in preventive detention:   Aberouz and Saad Rajraji. Both men had been sentenced along with the presumed killer of the couple  —   Larossi Abballa, who was fatally shot  —   in a 2013 terrorism case but were released from prison. They are facing preliminary charges of participation in a terrorist group that intended to commit one or many crimes.",0
1665,"Aleppo Evacuation Effort Restarts, and Assad Calls It History in the Making - The New York Times","BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   After months of fierce bombardment and failed diplomacy, the Syrian government began removing residents from the last   districts in the city of Aleppo on Thursday, a process that solidifies President Bashar  ’s control over the country’s largest city. Cold, hungry and carrying satchels and children, about 1, 000 people, some of them wounded, boarded green buses and ambulances that carried the first batch of evacuees out of the rebel enclave. A second group of more than 1, 000 people departed later, and a third left after nightfall. Mr. Assad hailed the evacuation in a video released by his office, saying the “liberation” of Aleppo would serve as a historical watershed, like the birth of Christ, the revelation of the Quran, the collapse of the Soviet Union and the two world wars. “I want to confirm that what is happening today is history that is being written by every Syrian citizen,” Mr. Assad said, smiling in a dark blue suit. “Its writing did not start today. It started about six years ago when the crisis and the war on Syria began. ” It remained unclear how many people, both civilians and fighters, remained in eastern Aleppo, but aid workers guessed it would take several days to get them out. If successful, the evacuation will return the whole city to Mr. Assad’s control, signaling a major turning point in the nearly   conflict. Since early in the war, Aleppo, once the country’s industrial center, has been split, with the government holding the west and rebels holding neighborhoods in the east. But vast military aid for the Syrian government from Iran, Russia and the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah turned the tide in the government’s favor, allowing it to surround the rebels. The evacuation deal was reached between Russia and Turkey, which backs the rebels, after months of heavy shelling and airstrikes that left entire neighborhoods in ruins and killed hundreds of people. Rebels in east Aleppo had also frequently shelled   areas, killing civilians there, too. Many people on that side of the city considered the rebels dangerous militants and were glad to see them ousted. The United States, which has supported the rebels along with Turkey, Saudi Arabia and other Gulf states, has struggled and failed to reach an accord to end the war, and the United States did not help broker the evacuation agreement. “There is absolutely no justification whatsoever for the indiscriminate and savage brutality against civilians shown by the regime and by its Russian and Iranian allies over the past few weeks, or indeed over the past five years,” Secretary of State John Kerry said. “The Assad regime is actually carrying out nothing short of a massacre. ” The loss of a foothold in Aleppo would be a major blow to the opposition, which would then hold sway in only one of Syria’s provincial capitals, Idlib, where the Syrian branch of Al Qaeda is a major force. The less territory the rebels hold, the harder it is for the United States and its allies to get the Syrian government to negotiate with them, the Obama administration’s goal. Residents reached in eastern Aleppo on Thursday said they felt the gravity of leaving places where they had lived and suffered for so long. Some bid farewell to places and things they would miss, while others pondered why the opposition had failed. Realizing he would be leaving soon, Hisham Skeif said he had visited his family’s home and sat by an old tree, where he thought about Native Americans and Palestinians  —   other peoples forced from their homes. “I never understood such feelings until today,” he said. “This is my  ’s land. It is not only my memories, but theirs as well. ” While he had participated in the uprising against Mr. Assad that started the conflict, he felt that it had gone wrong by resorting to arms. “Today, hours before we leave, I say that our biggest mistake was carrying weapons,” he said. Others assumed that as declared enemies of the Assad government, they would never be allowed to return and left messages for those who would come later. Salem Abualnaser, a dentist, left a handwritten note on a whiteboard near the door of a small community center for children. “Warning! Do not destroy! There are things here that your children may benefit from,” it read. Reached in a Facebook call on Thursday, Mr. Abualnaser said he had put the sign up because he had heard that government troops had looted other neighborhoods after seizing them from the rebels. “The situation here is better today and people are relaxed a little bit because all the shelling and airstrikes that we had yesterday have stopped,” he said. Others appeared to be covering their tracks as they left east Aleppo. Television images of the rebel enclave showed rising columns of smoke, which activists said were because fighters had set fire to their headquarters and ammunition stores. The evacuation’s start was delayed twice, once Wednesday morning when militia fighters unhappy with the deal fired on vehicles trying to bring people out, and on Thursday, when gunfire targeted rescue workers clearing rubble from a road, killing one and wounding three, according to Maan   an antigovernment activist. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which opposes the government and tracks the conflict from Britain, said that the presence of 250 foreign fighters among those to be evacuated also complicated the deal because the Syrian government wanted to detain them for interrogation. It remained unclear how that issue was resolved. But evacuation efforts restarted Thursday morning, with apparent modifications to the plan. Syrian state news media reported that buses and ambulances had begun evacuating residents from two Shiite villages in neighboring Idlib Province that have long been surrounded by Sunni rebels. The two villages, Fua and Kfraya, were not originally part of the evacuation deal. The moves to evacuate people from the villages suggested that they had been added to the deal to ensure that people in eastern Aleppo would be allowed to leave. Live images on Syrian state television showed the line of green buses and ambulances emerging from the rebel enclave into a   area, and antigovernment activists filmed their arrival in   territory further west, where many evacuees broke into tears and ate apples and cookies handed to them. Under the agreement, civilians evacuated from eastern Aleppo can stay in   sectors or continue to   areas. Rebels may only go to other   areas. Most were likely to end up in Idlib Province to the west of Aleppo, where a rebel alliance that includes the Syrian affiliate of Al Qaeda dominates. Some aid workers feared that moving the Aleppo residents there would merely lay the groundwork for a future siege. “I don’t know what will happen in Idlib, but if there is no   or political accord then it will become the next Aleppo,” said Staffan de Mistura, the United Nations envoy for Syria. When east Aleppo was besieged by government forces and their allies, the United Nations reported that more than 250, 000 people were trapped there. But on Thursday, Lt. Gen. Viktor Poznikhir of the Russian military’s general staff said that 900 militants had been killed in the recent offensive against the   neighborhoods and that more than 108, 000 civilians had fled the area, including more than 3, 000 rebels. Speaking to journalists in Geneva, Jan Egeland, the United Nations humanitarian adviser for Syria, said that an estimated 50, 000 people had fled eastern Aleppo. The discrepancy in the numbers could not immediately be resolved. The United Nations has not been able to provide protection for those fleeing, he said, because its workers were not given access. “We have not been witnesses to atrocities that we know have been committed by all sides in this horrific war,” Mr. Egeland added. The plight of those trapped in eastern Aleppo as supplies have dwindled and destruction has spread has caused anguish among humanitarian workers. “It took 4, 000 years to build Aleppo, hundreds of generations, yet one generation managed to tear it down in four years,” Mr. Egeland said.",0
1666,When Donald Trump Partied With Richard Nixon - The New York Times,"HOUSTON  —   They still talk about the Saturday night here 27 years ago when Donald J. Trump partied with former President Richard M. Nixon. Dressed in tuxedos, they sang “Happy Birthday” to Texas royalty  —   former Gov. John B. Connally and his wife, Nellie, whose birthdays were a few days apart  —   as Nixon played the tune on a white baby grand piano. They dined at Tony’s, the “21” Club of Houston, and Nixon was so fond of the cannelloni pasta that he asked the owner, Tony Vallone, to write the recipe for him on a yellow legal pad. And when it was all over, Mr. Trump flew Nixon back to New York on his 727 private jet. It happened one weekend in March 1989. It was one of Nixon’s first public appearances since the Watergate scandal had forced him to resign in 1974. And it was one of Mr. Trump’s first presidential experiences, as he socialized with and had the ear of a former president for two days in Houston at a gala event, an impromptu   at Tony’s, a Sunday brunch the next day at a River Oaks mansion and later aboard his plane. “I think you can see a core of Trump in this,” said Barry Silverman, a Houston advertising and marketing consultant who helped coordinate the gala and was a longtime friend of the Connallys. “He obviously had a road map a lot bigger than any of us ever thought about. ” Mr. Silverman and Mr. Vallone said they did not know what, specifically, Mr. Trump and Nixon had talked about at the gala or at Tony’s. But the time they spent together that weekend most likely fed Mr. Trump’s fascination with and admiration of Nixon. During the campaign, Mr. Trump borrowed phrases from him, used his speech at the 1968 Republican convention as a template for his own convention address, and spoke glowingly of Nixon in interviews. The Connallys helped bring the fallen president and the future   together. They had met Mr. Trump a few months earlier at a wedding in New York in December 1988, and Mr. Connally had been a close friend of Nixon’s, serving as his Treasury secretary. Nixon was already familiar with Mr. Trump. The former president had written an unsolicited letter to  Mr. Trump in 1987, informing him that Nixon’s wife, Pat, had predicted “that whenever you decide to run for office you will be a winner!” Mr. Connally invited Mr. Trump and his wife, Ivana, to Houston as special guests at “A Night for Nellie,” an event to honor Mrs. Connally at the Westin Galleria hotel on March 11, 1989. Houston was just coming out of the 1980s oil bust. Tens of thousands of workers had lost their jobs and homes. Banks had failed. Mr. Connally filed for bankruptcy in 1987, and he and his wife were forced to auction their belongings to help repay creditors in 1988. Then Mrs. Connally learned she had breast cancer. “A Night for Nellie” raised more than $300, 000 for the Juvenile Diabetes Foundation, but it also sought to lift Mrs. Connally’s spirits  —   and Houston’s. Barbara Walters was there, along with the airline executive Frank Lorenzo and the elite of Houston society, including Oscar S. Wyatt Jr. an oilman, and his wife, Lynn, who hosted Nixon, Mr. Trump and others at their mansion the next day. In the hotel ballroom, Mr. Trump introduced Nixon and sat at the head table with him. Mr. Connally had assembled the seating chart for the table himself. His wife was seated with Mr. Trump on one side of her and Nixon on the other. Mr. Trump, the event’s honorary chairman, seemed to be enjoying himself. He was 42 years old, and his book “Trump: The Art of the Deal,” which had been published in November 1987, had enjoyed a position on The New York Times’s   list for nearly a year. “Donald Trump would have made a sensational Texan,” Ms. Walters told the audience, according to The Austin  . Mr. Connally decided late in the evening to keep the party going for some of the V. I. P.s at Tony’s. Mr. Vallone had about a   to clear a third of the restaurant and put on an elaborate buffet. He has wined and dined a host of celebrities and presidents at his restaurant, including Frank Sinatra, Princess Margaret, Andy Warhol and former President Bill Clinton. But he said that night in 1989 was the most memorable. “There was tremendous enthusiasm and electricity in the air,” Mr. Vallone said. “Trump had a commanding presence. People say he’s pompous, but he was not pompous. He was very approachable. He’ll talk to the waiters. After that, I went out and bought six or eight of his books and gave them away as gifts, I was so impressed with Trump. ” At Tony’s, Mr. Trump suggested he was taking a business interest in Houston. “Every time I’m in a particular city that I like, and Houston happens to be a city that I like very much, I do look,” he told   an ABC affiliate, as he stood in the restaurant. Nixon stayed there until 1 a. m. The party continued well after. “Dom Pérignon was flowing like ginger ale,” Mr. Silverman said, “and it went on until 3 in the morning. ” The next day, the Trumps, the Connallys and Nixon were among 36 guests at a brunch at the Wyatts’ mansion. They ate beef Wellington and sipped Champagne with dessert. Ms. Wyatt, one of Houston’s most prominent socialites and philanthropists, asked Nixon to speak about world affairs, and Nixon stood, gave a brief speech and then took questions. Asked if Mr. Trump had asked a question, Ms. Wyatt replied: “I’m sure he did. Everybody did. I was so proud of my guests because they asked such intelligent questions. I don’t have any stupid friends. ”",0
1667,"‘Time in the Box’: Young Rikers Inmates, Still in Isolation - The New York Times","At the time, it was a momentous announcement: New York City officials said they would eliminate solitary confinement at Rikers Island for all inmates under age 22. The declaration, made in January 2015, put the city’s   Correction Department in the vanguard of national jail reform efforts. But a year and a half later, the administration of Mayor Bill de Blasio is still struggling to pull it off. The city missed another deadline last week, and it is now requesting a second   extension. City officials had originally promised to end the use of the punishment for young adults by January 2016. Most of the 78 young adults who were in isolation at the beginning of the year have been moved out. But while the city has now eliminated segregation for the   to    there are some older, more difficult inmates remaining who cause such serious disciplinary problems, according to the correction commissioner, Joseph Ponte, that at least for now segregation is still needed. As solitary confinement has been emptied, the violence in the jail for young adults has significantly increased, Mr. Ponte wrote in a letter to the city jail watchdog agency last week. The correction officers’ union has long argued that ending the use of segregation would endanger guards and lead to greater violence. Eliminating solitary confinement is an expensive,   proposition. To replace it, the city has created enhanced supervision units, with two officers and one counselor for every 12 inmates. Not long ago, a typical cellblock was overseen by one guard for every 50 inmates. A few weeks ago, The New York Times interviewed several of the nine remaining inmates under age 22 still in isolation at the part of the jail complex known as 3 South Segregation Unit. A correction officer and a member of the commissioner’s press office were present for the interviews the inmates were shackled to a wall. “My first week I was in the box. I broke a guy’s jaw. He was big, too, so, you know, that boosted my ego. ” Since arriving at Rikers in March 2015, Mr. Delgado says he has spent about 40 days in solitary. At times, he said, life in the box could be a relief from the violence of the regular population. “I was fighting the whole week,” he said. “So, I’m like, damn, finally a break. I used to wake up, and breakfast is like 4, 5 in the morning. So you got to fight for your cereal, so I’m like I didn’t even brush my teeth. My heart is pumping, and I got to get ready. I don’t know what’s about to happen but it’s about to go down. I was exhausted. ” That feeling of safety lasted for only a few hours, he said. Other inmates yelled constantly, and he missed privileges like commissary and three daily phone calls. Mr. Delgado has been in and out of Rikers since he was 16, mostly short stints for drugs and other minor crimes. This time he is potentially facing a   sentence for the murder of a    man in Queens. “I think about it  —   damn this could be the rest of my life,” he said. “That’s why I got to have a radio or something to keep my mind off that, talk to someone. ” He looks forward to his girlfriend’s visits. “She keeps me at peace. She reminds me of what I got in the town. ” Because he is constantly in trouble, he and his girlfriend are separated by a glass partition during visits. He has not kissed her since September. “I forgot how her lips taste. ” Mr. Busgith has done several stretches in isolation during his six stays at Rikers, the longest for six months in 2014, when he was 18. He said he had no choice but to fight so he would not be seen as weak. “I don’t want to do time in the box, but eventually, due to the circumstances, I had to. ” The entire time he was being interviewed, an inmate nearby in Cell 11 screamed profanities. Mr. Busgith said he did not hear it anymore. “He do that all the time,” he said. “He’s just killing time. ” Mr. Busgith tries to speed up time. “You take your medication so you just sleep all day,” he said. “You talk with your peers, your colleagues. I’ve been locked up a long time. Lot of colleagues. You’ve got to be crazy to be in a cell 23 hours a day. Some people get locked up for shelter and food. I’m not one of those type people. I got a life outside. ” He has an older brother, Michael, serving time upstate at Southport Correctional Facility, in Pine City, N. Y. a   prison where all of the inmates are held in solitary. “He in the box right now, too,” Mr. Busgith said. “He’s got to do a year and a half. ” Though Mr. Busgith has never been upstate, he says his brother has told him it is better doing time there than at Rikers. Mr. Busgith said that at upstate prisons, “you get longer visits” and more recreation time. “You get to do better, you get commissaries better. Everything’s better upstate. It’s open, you in the open. Fresh air. You don’t breathe none of this Rikers Island stuff. ” “If we had the same privileges as general population, I wouldn’t mind staying here,” Mr. Waddy said. “It’s quiet, you get to stay to yourself. You’re safe. Got your own space, your own bed, your own toilet. You get to have your ‘me’ time. Get in population, you’ve got to worry about different personalities and everything else that comes with jail. ” Mr. Waddy had been in solitary confinement for about 30 days. This is his first stint at Rikers. He has been there for two and a half years awaiting trial and spends a lot of his days reading books, “like gangster stuff,” and working out: “Fifty   then 50 situps, 50 dips, 50 jumping jacks. Relieves stress. ” When he looks through the small window of his cell, he says, he can just barely see a television that hangs on a support column in the center of the cellblock, though there is no sound. He said he did not care about the closing of the solitary unit. “I’m just trying to go home,” he said. “I don’t pay attention to what’s going on. ” Though Mr. Martinez has been in this country only three years, he is on his fourth stint at Rikers. He fled to the United States from Honduras, he said, after a group of men murdered his father. “I saw when they killed him,” Mr. Martinez said. “I was there. ” To break the solitude, inmates lean against the steel cell doors  —   “getting up on the gate,” they call it  —   and shout back and forth to one another. They yell through the vents. During their one hour outside, spent alone in a bare recreation pen, they talk through the chain link fencing. Mr. Martinez speaks only Spanish, isolating him more than most. In solitary, inmates are at the mercy of guards for their most basic needs  —   meals, a shower, a sick call. They scream and bang their cell doors to get a guard’s attention. “I can’t talk to people someone has to translate,” Mr. Martinez said in Spanish. “It’s stressful. Sometimes the guards shout at you. It’s hard to use the phone, get things. ” He thinks it is good that the city is ending solitary confinement for inmates his age. “It gives people a second chance,” he said. “Someone gets brought here, they might not understand it. ” To pass time, he reads if he has a book or magazine National Geographic is a favorite. And he thinks about his case. “I’m facing an offer of three and a half years,” he said, “and I have to choose it or not. ”",0
1668,AT&T requires police to hide Hemisphere phone spying,"AT&T requires police to hide Hemisphere phone spying   EFF 
AT&T built a powerful phone surveillance tool for police, called Hemisphere. Every day , AT&T adds four billion call records to Hemisphere, making it one of the largest known reservoirs of communications metadata that the government uses to spy on us. Law enforcement officials kept Hemisphere “ under the radar ” for many years—hidden from courts, legislators, and the general public—until the New York Times exposed the program in 2013. EFF sued federal and state law enforcement officials to obtain records about Hemisphere, in part to better understand how and why police kept such a massive spying database secret for so long. 
New documents published by The Daily Beast earlier this week reveal that AT&T required this corrosive secrecy. Specifically, the contract AT&T prepared for police seeking access to Hemisphere provides: 
[T]he Government agency agrees not to use the data as evidence in any judicial or administrative proceedings unless there is no other available and admissible probative evidence. The Government Agency shall make every effort to insure that information provided by the Contractor is non-attributable to AT&T if the data is provided to a third-party. 
In other words, the first rule of Hemisphere is: you do not talk about Hemisphere. We knew this is the government’s rule. Now we know this is AT&T’s rule, too. 
What do police do with the Hemisphere evidence that they cannot talk about? According to a Hemisphere training document , police must “wall off” that evidence, and then recreate it with a traditional subpoena. Police call this “ parallel construction .” EFF calls it “ evidence laundering .” 
The harms of secrecy 
This secrecy—imposed by AT&T—is highly disturbing for many reasons. Three deserve emphasis. 
First, this secrecy hides Hemisphere from democratic oversight. Hemisphere enables police to map our intimate social relationships by data-mining massive amounts of our call records, usually without a warrant. Yet because of Hemisphere’s secrecy, judges cannot rule on whether the program violates the Fourth Amendment. Legislators cannot oversee the program and enact appropriate legislation. Voters cannot hold their elected officials accountable. Everyone is in the dark, except for a small number of law enforcement and corporate executives, who unilaterally decided to impose this highly intrusive program on the rest of us. 
Second, this secrecy deprives criminal defendants of their constitutional right to a fair trial. Under Brady v. Maryland , police must disclose favorable evidence to the defense. When police hide their sources of evidence, the accused cannot challenge the quality or veracity of the government’s investigation, or seek out favorable information still in the government’s possession. Moreover, hiding evidence from individuals who are prosecuted as a result of such surveillance is antithetical to our fundamental right to an open criminal justice system. 
Third, the new revelation clarifies AT&T’s role in the Hemisphere program. AT&T suggests that all it is doing is passively responding to lawful government demands for information about its customers. In fact, AT&T actively imposes secrecy on police who wish to use AT&T’s Hemisphere program. AT&T’s motives for imposing this secrecy are not presently known. Perhaps AT&T is seeking to avoid public scrutiny of its Hemisphere business model , which earns millions of dollars from police officials in exchange for access to private phone records that AT&T retains for many years longer than its competitors do. 
Sadly, this isn’t the first time that police and corporations worked together to hide from the public their deployment of highly invasive spying tools. For example, corporate nondisclosure agreements contributed to years of secrecy about police use of cell site simulators, often called “Stingrays,” which masquerade as cell phone towers and thus force all phones in the area to disclose sensitive information to the police. 
Next steps 
We must fully expose Hemisphere to the light of public scrutiny. EFF has used public records laws to uncover many Hemisphere records, and we will add any other documents we obtain to our public library of Hemisphere records. 
Looking forward, we must stop the police and their corporate suppliers from unilaterally and secretly deploying new surveillance technologies in the first place. Rather, the decision whether to adopt these sensitive tools should be made by elected officials, at open meetings, following ample opportunity for the general public to study the matter and have their voices heard. EFF supports a national campaign to enact laws requiring this process. In many cases, an informed citizenry and their elected officials will say “no” to new spying tools. In other cases, elected officials will impose necessary privacy safeguards. 
AT&T and the police tried to keep Hemisphere secret. They failed. The time has come to end the Hemisphere program. As a matter of constitutional law and basic privacy principles, the police should not be allowed, without case-by-case judicial oversight, to scrutinize our social relationships with a database of trillions of phone records. Related Cases:",0
1669,Fighting in Ukraine May Complicate U.S. Thaw With Russia - The New York Times,"MOSCOW  —   The war in eastern Ukraine that simmered quietly for months has erupted in a lethal bout of fighting in recent days. The violence, which killed at least eight Ukrainian soldiers and three on the   side, shifted the front lines by only a few hundred yards in several spots, but potentially complicates American efforts to improve relations with Russia. The United States Army helps to train and equip Ukrainian soldiers, who are fighting   separatists in two eastern provinces of Ukraine, in the only active war in Europe today. In the latest outbreak, the sides vied for control of what are known as “gray zone” territories, areas between the front lines that had previously been in buffer zones. The Ukrainian Army advanced in at least two places, according to news reports and official Ukrainian accounts, but it said it did so to rebuff rebel attacks. Each side blamed the other for the escalation. Referring to one   town, an adviser to the Ukrainian Interior Ministry, Yuri Kasyanov, told Radio Free Europe on Tuesday, “The defenders of Avdiivka preferred to advance the line” to a more defensible position. Ukraine’s Foreign Affairs Ministry issued a statement appealing to Western governments to intervene diplomatically. “For the last two days, the Russian occupation forces carried out massive attacks across the line,” firing with rocket artillery, heavy mortars and other   weapons, the statement said. European monitors reported heavy shelling of  Avdiivka since Sunday. Journalists who visited the town reported evidence of a psychological warfare operation of a sophistication that suggested Russian involvement. Cellphones in the town received text messages addressed to Ukrainian soldiers, who often carry phones, saying, “You are just meat to your commanders. ” The shelling disrupted electrical and water supplies. The Ukrainian authorities set up heated shelters for residents whose homes had been damaged, as nighttime temperatures dropped to minus 18 degrees Fahrenheit (minus 28 Celsius). “Given harsh weather conditions and the continuing shelling by the militants, the humanitarian situation in the area continues to deteriorate,” the Foreign Affairs Ministry’s statement said. The authorities said they were preparing to evacuate the town’s 16, 000 residents. The rebel governments of the Luhansk and Donetsk People’s Republics, which are not recognized internationally, issued a joint statement addressed to President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and President Trump that also called for a diplomatic solution. The Trump administration’s maneuvering for better relations with Russia has alarmed Ukrainian officials, who fear that Western pressure could ease on Russia to withdraw its unacknowledged military forces in eastern Ukraine. But Ukraine is not without options in defending itself, including using its army, which showed an ability to fight even before American training began. Since the   line of contact was initially negotiated in a   in September 2014, the Ukrainian Army has in places given ground after separatist attacks. With its recent advance, the army moved back into at least one such area, near Avdiivka, without crossing the original   line, Mr. Kasyanov, the adviser to the Interior Ministry, said.",0
1670,Ivanka Trump Stays Mostly Mum on Being Dragged Into Debate on Sexual Harassment - The New York Times,"Ivanka Trump, 34, is many things: a mother, an executive and an entrepreneur who has a prominent role in the Republican presidential campaign of her father, Donald J. Trump. Now, because of comments by Mr. Trump and one of her brothers, she has been cast in perhaps an unfamiliar role: a central figure in a debate on social media about how a woman could  —   or should  —   respond to sexual harassment on the job. The issue came up in an interview Mr. Trump had with USA Today that was published on Monday. A columnist asked him about comments he had made on “Meet the Press” on NBC about the sexual harassment case that led to the ouster of the powerful Fox News chairman and chief executive Roger Ailes. Mr. Trump, who has himself faced strong criticism for his remarks about women  —   including derogatory and sexually charged comments about their bodies  —   said it was “sad” that former Fox News employees were “complaining” about being sexually harassed, and he appeared to question the truthfulness of their accusations. When the columnist, Kirsten Powers, asked what would happen if Ivanka Trump faced similar treatment, he replied, “I would like to think she would find another career or find another company if that was the case. ” As criticism rolled in, Eric Trump attempted to defend his father’s comments in an interview on “CBS This Morning” on Tuesday, saying, “I think what he’s saying is, Ivanka is a strong, powerful woman she wouldn’t allow herself to be” subjected to such behavior. “And, by the way,” he added, “you should take it up with human resources, and I think she would as a strong person. ” The comments spurred a swift backlash, with women’s advocates and others saying the suggestion that a woman who is being harassed  —   even one from a wealthy family and one who is a businesswoman in her own right  —   should leave her job was   misguided and unrealistic. Many also said that holding up Ms. Trump as a paragon of how powerful women can stave off harassment by simply being, well, powerful implied that other women allowed themselves to victimized. Terry O’Neill, the president of the National Organization for Women, which has endorsed Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee for president, called the comments “ . ” “The suggestion that she would just go get another career, that is a cavalier attitude that I think so many women I’ve already heard from find deeply offensive because it ignores the reality of women’s everyday lives,” she said in a phone interview on Tuesday. Megyn Kelly, the Fox News host who has feuded with Ms. Trump’s father, posted a   tweet that was widely shared: “Sigh. ” Gretchen Carlson, the former Fox News anchor who sued Mr. Ailes, accusing him of derailing her career after she refused his advances, also wrote on Twitter: “Sad in 2016 we’re still victim blaming women. Trust me I’m strong. ” In an emailed statement on Tuesday, Ms. Trump did not respond directly to the comments of her brother or father, but said: “Harassment in general, sexual or otherwise, is inexcusable. At our companies, we do not tolerate harassment of any kind. Our policies both on paper and in practice require that every complaint be fully investigated and if claims are substantiated, our H. R. team takes swift disciplinary action. ” Fatima Goss Graves, the senior vice president at the National Women’s Law Center, said harassment was one of the ways women were pushed out of some sectors like the tech industry. The E. E. O. C. received almost 7, 000 charges of sexual harassment last year, according to its website. Many cases go unreported. “Employees who do experience harassment often don’t report it because they fear retaliation, they fear professional or social penalties, they worry that they will be blamed for the harassment,” Ms. Graves said. “There are social and emotional costs there are longstanding career costs. ” “Harassment isn’t about someone being weak or strong or asking to be harassed,” she added. “If it was as simple as being a stronger person, it would probably be an easier problem to solve. ” Eric Trump appeared to try to stem the criticism later on Tuesday. He retweeted Amanda Carpenter, a conservative commentator and former aide to Senator Ted Cruz, who also sought the Republican presidential nomination. She wrote: “Strong women may flee sexual harassment. Strong women may also fight, endure, and one day gain power to protect other women. ” “I think this is well said,” he posted. Ms. Trump whose role in her father’s campaign has traditionally been filled by a candidate’s wife, has been called “his secret weapon. ” At the Republican National Convention, she spoke about parental leave, equal pay and the role of women in the Trump Organization. The persona she has created is of a model of American femininity  —   stylish and poised, but also successful in business, said Michael Bronski, a professor of women’s studies at Harvard. On Ms. Trump’s website, #womenwhowork, there are posts on negotiating flexible hours and avoiding “drama at the office. ” But her 2010 book, “The Trump Card: Playing to Win in Work and Life,” shows that even she was not immune to the issue of workplace harassment. Ms. Trump recounted being whistled at by workers at her father’s construction projects. But once they realized she was the boss’s daughter, she said, they were apologetic. It had a big impact on her when she started her first job years later, at the development company Forest City Ratner. She wrote that she had recurring nightmares about being catcalled on a job site in the weeks before she started. She fretted over how she would react in front of her new boss. She didn’t want to come across as either weak, or a “tightly wound witch,” she said. ”I couldn’t shake thinking that I needed to come up with a disarming line to defuse the situation and keep the embarrassment level to a minimum,” Ms. Trump wrote. When she did eventually encounter catcalls, she wrote that she was able to deflect them “with relative ease. ” She says that sexual harassment is never acceptable, but that one should “learn how to figure out when a hoot or a holler is indeed a form of harassment and when it’s merely a   tease that you can give back in kind. ” “Sometimes it might be tough to tell the difference, I realize, and in that case you should do whatever feels right and comfortable. ”",0
1671,Israel’s Lieberman threatens Gazans with genocide,"Israel’s Lieberman threatens Gazans with genocide By Stephen Lendman Posted on October 
How long will Israelis put up with racist, fascist governance threatening their security and well- 
Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago. He can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net. His new book as editor and contributor is “ Flashpoint in Ukraine: US Drive for Hegemony Risks WW III .” Visit his blog at sjlendman.blogspot.com . Listen to cutting-edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour This entry was posted in Commentary . Bookmark the permalink",0
1672,Hilarious: What “Small Talk” Among Friends Looks Like at The Moment,"Pinterest 
Robert Gehl reports that Newt Gingrich has accused Fox News’ Megyn Kelly of being “fascinated” by sex, and not caring at all about public policy in a shocking and startling interview. 
The former Speaker of the House said Kelly showed “bias” for mentioning the groping allegations against Donald Trump. 
Kelly responded by saying her fascination is not of “sex,” but of who was going to end up in the White House. Kelly has a history with Trump – getting into a shouting match with the Republican candidate over comments he made about women during a primary debate. 
What set Gingrich off was Kelly’s mention of the leaked “sex boasts” tapes, where Trump is heard to say he grabs women by the genitals. 
Gingrich attacked, saying the media was obsessed with spending time on the unsubstantiated allegations of sexual misconduct, which Trump has denied. “You are fascinated with sex and you don’t care about public policy,” he said. 
“I’m not fascinated by sex, but I’m fascinated about sexual predators,” Kelly said. 
The bias the media has against Trump – especially focusing on sex – is historic. 
“This is a scale of bias worthy of Pravda and Izvestia, ” Gingrich said. 
Take a look at the awesome video:",0
1673,Hillary Clinton accused of stealing furniture from the State Department,"Email 
Hillary Clinton swiped State Department furniture to decorate her Washington home, a former member of her security detail has alleged to the FBI. 
“Early in Clinton’s tenure as secretary of state, she and her staff were observed removing lamps and furniture from the State Department which were transported to her residence in Washington, DC,” an agent on the detail told the FBI. 
The agent “does not know whether these items were ever returned to the government,” according to FBI notes. 
The agent was assigned to Clinton in 2009, at the start of her term, but was not on the detail when Clinton left in 2013. 
The accusations were part of 100 newly released pages of interview notes of the FBI investigation into Clinton’s handling of classified material. 
The department flatly denied the latest charges, saying Clinton took home only property that she owned.",0
1674,30 Civilians Die In US Airstrike Called ‘To Protect US and Afghan troops’,"Videos 30 Civilians Die In US Airstrike Called ‘To Protect US and Afghan troops’ Attack in Kunduz came after two US service members were killed and had been aimed at breaking siege/ | November 4, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! An Afghan man holds up the body of a child that was killed during clashes between Taliban and Afghan security forces in Kunduz province north of Kabul, Afghanistan, Thursday, Nov. 3, 2016, Authorities say a joint raid by U.S. and Afghan forces targeting senior Taliban commanders killed two American service members and 26 civilians. Afghan officials said they were still investigating the attack and its civilian casualties, some of which may have been caused by the airstrikes. (AP Photo/Najim Rahim) 
As many as 30 civilians were killed in an airstrike on Thursday morning called in to protect US and Afghan troops involved in heavy fighting with the Taliban near Kunduz. 
The airstrike, requested after two US service members were killed, had been meant to break a siege around the village of Bouz Kandahari, three miles from the centre of Kunduz, according to Saeed Mahmoud Danish, the spokesman for the provincial governor. 
He said the civilians got caught up in the line of fire because the Taliban were using their houses as cover. 
The joint operation between Afghan and US forces began late on Wednesday and killed 26 Taliban fighters, including two prominent commanders, according to local officials. 
It was not immediately clear who conducted the fatal airstrike. 
Dawlat Waziri, a spokesman for the Afghan defence ministry, said Afghan special forces had conducted airstrikes around the village. The US and Nato mission in Afghanistan said in a tweet: “US forces conducted strikes in Kunduz to defend friendly forces. All civilian casualty claims will be investigated.” 
Brig Gen Cleveland, a US military spokesman, said: “As part of an Afghan operation, friendly forces received direct fire and airstrikes were conducted to defend themselves. We take all allegations of civilian casualties very seriously. 
“As this was an Afghan operation, we’ll work with our partners to investigate but refer you to them for additional details in the near term. We’ll provide updates as we have them.” 
A US airstrike on a Médecins Sans Frontières hospital in Kunduz in October 2015 killed 42 people . 
The governor’s spokesman put the number of killed civilians in Bouz Kandahari at 30, while Gen Qasim Jangalbagh, a police official in Kunduz province, said 26 civilians had died. 
According to an internal western security report, the US-Afghan forces came under fire and were surrounded until about 6am, when they broke the siege and escaped. 
Cleveland said the US soldiers had been killed at about 3am or 4am, but did not release further details. 
The Afghan ministry of defence said the two American soldiers, who were “advising” their Afghan counterparts on the ground, were killed in a fire exchange with insurgents, which also killed three Afghan special forces. 
Early on Thursday, villagers who tried to transport the dead civilians to the city were reportedly stopped by security forces. Later in the day, residents staged a demonstration, protesting about the killings. 
Laghmani, a prominent elder in Kunduz, said local media and community leaders had tried to go to the village where the airstrike took place, but had been stopped by security forces. 
The security situation around Kunduz, which Taliban fighters managed to enter last month, a year after they briefly captured the city in their biggest success in the 15-year war, remains precarious. 
Although US combat operations against the Taliban largely ended in 2014, special forces units have been engaged in combat, providing assistance to the Afghan army and police. 
Thousands of US soldiers remain in Afghanistan as part of the Nato-led Resolute Support training and assistance mission and a separate counterterrorism mission. 
A US service member was killed last month on an operation against Islamic State fighters in the eastern province of Nangarhar. 
Afghan forces, largely fighting alone since the end of the international combat mission, have experienced thousands of casualties, with more than 5,500 killed in the first eight months of 2016. 
This article originally appeared on The Guardian. Be Sociable, Share!",0
1675,Crisitunity in India’s Cash Crunch,"Corbett • 11/20/2016 • 2 Comments 
What the government giveth, the government taketh away. Like that money in your wallet. Do you really think it’s yours? If so, the people of India would like to have a word with you. 
Oh, haven’t you heard? In case you missed the story during the din and clatter of the US sElection circus, all hell has broken loose in India. 
It all started on November 8th, when Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi made a surprise television address to the nation. As you might have guessed, this was no stale policy speech. Instead, Modi sent shockwaves through the country (and the region) by announcing that as of midnight that evening, existing 500 and 1000 rupee notes would no longer be accepted as legal tender. The tax cattle would have until December 30th to trade in their 500 and 1000 rupee notes at post offices and banks. 
And just like that the bits of colored paper in everyone’s wallets were revealed as…well, useless bits of colored paper. 
For free access to this editorial, please CLICK HERE . 
For full access to the subscriber newsletter, and to support this website, please become a member . Only site members can access this content. 
Already a Member?",0
1676,N.F.L. to Spend $100 Million to Address Head Trauma - The New York Times,"Under continued pressure from fans, parents and lawmakers to address the growing problem of head trauma in football, the N. F. L. will spend another $100 million on the development of new technology and more research on the effects of head injuries. The initiative, announced by Commissioner Roger Goodell in an open letter Wednesday, comes on top of more than $100 million the league has spent on new equipment and   studies on the impact of concussions and repeated head blows. This time, the league said, the money will be earmarked for “independent medical research and engineering advancements” to advance the “prevention, diagnosis and treatment of head injuries enhance medical protocols and further improve the way the game is taught and played by all who love it. ” The N. F. L. has said details on its initiatives will be shared with the public, including other sports leagues and the parents of young football players, to address criticism that it has been   in how it has spent the money and that it has worked behind the scenes to steer money to friendly doctors and researchers. “We know there is skepticism about our work in this area,” Goodell said in his letter. “That’s why both the process and the results of our work will be shared with the medical community and the public at large. ” Much of that letter trumpeted the N. F. L. ’s existing programs and previous rule changes, as well as the money it has already spent on research. But the main development on Wednesday was the league’s commitment to spend yet more money to address the problems associated with head trauma. Doctors generally applauded the N. F. L. for its latest effort, although they also said they wanted to see how the money would be spent. “The more money that’s out there, that’s good,” said Dr. Robert Cantu, a   of the Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy at the Boston University School of Medicine and the medical director of the Concussion Legacy Foundation. “The reality is, the words are all good, but it’s the deeds that count. ” Despite having already committed tens of millions of dollars on new technology and research, the league remains under intense scrutiny for its handling of head injuries. Barely a week goes by without a debate over whether a player hit on the field has received proper treatment. In the   game last week, Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton was repeatedly hit in the head by opposing players and was not taken off the field to be evaluated, spurring arguments in the news media and on social media. The N. F. L. ’s top medical officers have had to answer questions on Capitol Hill, where they have admitted a link between head hits and the degenerative neurological condition chronic traumatic encephalopathy, or C. T. E. The league will spend hundreds of millions of dollars to settle a   lawsuit with former players who said the league hid from them the dangers of concussions. To reassure jittery parents, the league has also funneled tens of millions of dollars into U. S. A. Football to teach safe tackling techniques to coaches and young players. The N. F. L. though, came under fire when U. S. A. Football admitted that its claim that the Heads Up program had reduced concussions was based on faulty preliminary data. The money that the N. F. L. has spent to address head injuries has also been questioned. Last year, the N. F. L. was accused of preventing $16 million of its money from being spent on a   study on the impact of head injuries that was being led by a doctor who had been critical of the league’s efforts. The study involved doctors from Boston University. To address this criticism, the league will establish an “independent, scientific advisory board” that includes doctors, scientists and clinicians “to engage in a clear process to identify and support the most compelling proposals for scientific research into concussions, head injuries and their   effects,” the letter said. The board will have up to seven members, whose names will be announced by the end of the month. It will focus predominantly on neuroscientists and those with experience in the scientific grant process. The N. F. L. has also spent $14 million of the $30 million it pledged to the National Institutes of Health. The league will also hire a chief medical officer to work full time with its medical staff, medical committees at the N. F. L. and the N. F. L. Players Association and the broader scientific and medical communities. Still, fundamental questions remain about the N. F. L. ’s approach and the game of football itself. The league, for instance, has invested money in companies that are trying to design a safer helmet, and its new initiative includes investing to find “design solutions. ” Yet doctors contend that helmets, which are designed primarily to prevent skull fractures, do little to reduce concussions and   medical problems associated with repeated head blows. The league said Wednesday that $40 million would be spent on research in the next five years “to examine the   effects of concussion, the incidence and prevalence of chronic traumatic encephalopathy and what can be done to improve   player health. ”",0
1677,Gawker Case Calls Attention to a Go-To Hollywood Lawyer - The New York Times,"LOS ANGELES  —   In Hollywood, everyone knows the   lawyers. For divorce, there’s Laura Wasser, now representing Johnny Depp in his split with Amber Heard. For a potential criminal charge, think Blair Berk, who helped Caitlyn Jenner avoid one after a traffic accident in which one person died, or Thomas Mesereau, who got Michael Jackson acquitted. And if it just seems to be a workaday violation of a famous person’s rights, like slapping Reese Witherspoon’s name on jewelry without her permission? That was the sort of case Charles J. Harder was known for  —   until now. Mr. Harder and his boutique Hollywood firm, Harder, Mirell  Abrams, are suddenly in the limelight. Last week it was revealed that their legal victory for the former professional wrestler Hulk Hogan, in his suit against Gawker Media over publication of a sex video, was secretly underwritten by the Silicon Valley billionaire Peter Thiel. Hulk Hogan, whose real name is Terry Gene Bollea, was awarded $140 million. Mr. Thiel, a PayPal founder, had a longstanding dispute with Gawker, which published an article in 2007 saying he was gay. The case, and Mr. Thiel’s place in it, have sent a shudder through many in the news media. At issue is whether Mr. Thiel’s role in the case will motivate other wealthy and powerful people to settle scores by giving money to litigants whose causes they support. (The Gawker case is likely to continue with appeals, and a June 10 hearing into matters that are still pending.) A smaller question, but almost as fascinating in Los Angeles legal circles, is this: How did Mr. Harder, a    Beverly Hills lawyer who has specialized in protecting stars from having their rights infringed upon by retailers and marketers, wind up in the middle of this free speech fight? Mr. Harder would not comment for this article. But a close look at his résumé, and conversations with people familiar with his background, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of confidentiality strictures, suggest that Mr. Harder’s emergence as a power player happened as most things do in Hollywood. That is, through a combination of grit, talent, shrewd calculation  —   and knowing the right people. Mr. Harder’s growing connections with celebrities, their representatives and   entrepreneurs was clearly rooted in a legal action filed in 2009 in state and federal courts here. In those interrelated cases, Mr. Harder represented six famous actresses  —   Sandra Bullock, Michelle Pfeiffer, Cameron Diaz, Mandy Moore, Kate Hudson and Diane Keaton  —   against a group of computer retailers and other companies accused of a somewhat mundane violation. The actresses’ images appeared in catalogs and on websites, on the screens of various devices offered for sale. After working its way through the courts and mediation, that dispute ended in confidential settlements and dismissal. For Mr. Harder, the outcome was successful enough to set a pattern for succeeding cases that found him and his colleagues, in quick succession, filing various privacy rights claims for a growing client list that included George Clooney, Julia Roberts, Bradley Cooper, Liam Neeson, Jude Law, Halle Berry, Tyra Banks, Clint Eastwood and Ms. Witherspoon. The claims and the outcomes  —   settlements, rather than trials  —   were often similar. In one departure, Mr. Harder in 2011 fought all the way through trial to a $15 million verdict for the producer Vittorio Cecchi Gori in a complicated dispute with a former colleague, Gianni Nunnari, over rights in films that included “300,” “The Departed” and “Shutter Island. ” At least once before, Mr. Harder has tangled with Gawker, in 2012 on behalf of Lena Dunham. He demanded that the site take down a posting of Ms. Dunham’s book proposal, which it largely did, though it continued to display fragments and commentary. In early October 2012, Gawker refused a demand by Mr. Bollea’s longtime lawyer, David Houston, that it remove the sex video from its site. Mr. Harder  —   then at the firm Wolf, Rifkin, Shapiro, Schulman  Rabkin  —   was retained and quickly filed suit. Whether Mr. Thiel had assured funding at that point is unclear. But Mr. Harder and his colleagues were confident enough of their footing to start their own firm the following January, taking Mr. Bollea and other clients with them. During the Gawker trial, Mr. Harder, though lead counsel, played a relatively small role in the handling of witnesses, who were often questioned by others. But he currently represents clients in two additional suits against Gawker. One was filed this month in a Boston federal court by Shiva Ayyadurai, who claims he invented email, and another was filed in January in a Manhattan federal court by Ashley Terrill, a journalist. It is not known if Mr. Thiel has played any role in supporting those suits. Harder, Mirell  Abrams currently has its offices in a small, fashionable building adjoining the Beverly Wilshire Hotel on Rodeo Drive. It is near the Century City quarters of much larger law firms like Ziffren Brittenham and Jackoway Tyerman, and talent representatives like the Creative Artists Agency. It is also a short drive from the San Fernando Valley, where Mr. Harder grew up. He attended Montclair College Preparatory School, now closed, in Van Nuys, and did his undergraduate work at the University of California, Santa Cruz. After receiving a law degree from Loyola Law School in Los Angeles, Mr. Harder clerked briefly for Judge A. Andrew Hauk, who was then at the United States District Court for the Central District of California in Los Angeles. Mr. Harder then spent about a year with the Lavely  Singer law firm. The firm and its principal partners, John H. Lavely Jr. and Martin D. Singer, are known as fierce defenders of prominent celebrities like Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sylvester Stallone. But Mr. Harder did little trial work for the firm, either then or during a second stint at Lavely  Singer. In between, he worked for a web company, Load Media Network. In 2001, a case he was working on received attention in The New York Times. His client, Wendy Withers, was told not to report to work at a financially troubled New York ad agency after having left her previous job. It was a modest claim, and  —   unlike the Hulk Hogan case, with its huge award  —   it was settled. Ms. Withers collected two months’ pay.",0
1678,Answers to the test: The cosmic cheat sheet | Opinion - Conservative,"(Before It's News)
God spells out the choice we need to make in Duet 30.
by Jacqueline Hawkins
At UNC Greensboro, a young woman told Deeper Still and GAP volunteer Debbie Picarello that she was a Christian who believed God gave her a “choice.” In her mind, God was fine with whatever she wanted to do with her own body, even if it meant destroying her baby’s body.
She was failing the “choice” test, the test of life and death.
Debbie pulled out the ultimate life “cheat sheet,” the Bible. This is pretty good: In the most important test we will ever take, the test of life and death, God gave us the answers! Debbie showed her the answers she needed to know:
“For you created my inmost being; you knit me together in my mother’s womb. I praise you because I am fearfully and wonderfully made; your works are wonderful.” (Psalm 139:13,14)
In other words, God made us. He put us together Himself.
“For you are bought with a great price. Glorify and bear God in your body.” (1 Cor 6:20.)
Our bodies are not our own; they belong to God. This is especially true for Christians purchased by the Blood of the Lamb.
“Consider that I have set before thee this day life and good, and on the other hand death and evil … I call heaven and earth to witness this day, that I have set before you life and death, blessing and cursing. Choose therefore life, that both thou and thy seed may live.” (Duet 30:15;19)
The choice should be clear.
This was not what the young woman wanted to hear. She told Debbie she felt judged. Debbie assured her that she was not judging her, but was giving her the Word of the very God she claimed to worship. Her belief, that she could do whatever she wanted with her own body and the body of her child, was wrong. Her assertions directly contradicted the Bible.
It was indeed her choice to follow the Bible or not. But it was clear how God saw our choices. There are right choices and wrong choices. As followers of Christ, our choices are intended to be conformed to His likeness so that the whole world can know him. Pro-abortion Christians aren’t just dangerous for themselves and their children; they are dangerous for everyone on the planet.
God gives us the answers to the test, so that we can correct our course and pass with flying colors.
Understanding what Debbie was saying, the young woman shook Debbie’s hand and thanked her for speaking with her.
This is so important. Our most important outreach is not to the pagan world; we are taking truth to confused Christians led astray by complacent church leaders who work harder than Planned Parenthood to cover up the truth. Over and over again, your support is the difference between life and death. When you support CBR , you choose life.
Jackie Hawkins is a CBR Project Director and regular FAB contributor.",0
1679,Reporter Attacked Live on Air During Report on Immigration in Rome,"An Italian TV reporter and her cameraman were assaulted during a live broadcast whilst covering the living conditions of African migrants hoping to break into northern Europe in search of higher welfare payments. [Matrix Channel 5 journalist Francesca Parisella was showing viewers scenes at Rome’s central train terminal, where dozens of migrants were sleeping outside the station. The reporter told viewers the migrants, who have been arriving in boats to Italy this year in record numbers, had gathered cardboard and other items “to protect them from the cold of the street”.  Noting that Italian volunteers had recently visited the site to bring the migrants hot food, Parisella said the men disperse during daylight hours then return to the station to sleep, “because their hope especially is to reach Milan and other cities in the north [of Italy] and then move to northern Europe”.  Just after the reporter told viewers that she and her team “don’t want to disturb [the migrants] further” the camera was visibly shaken and appeared to have been turned on its side, causing Parisella to alert the Matrix host Nicola Porro that her party was under attack. Following Porro’s warning to the TV journalist to “get out of there” Parisella could be heard running from the station before the assailants caught up with her. “What do you want? You’re crazy!” she said, and emitted screams of terror. “Oh God, Francesca, get out of there,” said Porro, before instructing the Matrix producer to alert police to the attack. From the Matrix studio a few minutes later, the presenter explained that “Francesca is upset but well. [Assailants] destroyed the camera and beat up the cameraman. A situation like our show this evening should resemble reports from a war zone. Thanks to a taxi driver, a much worse outcome was avoided. ” Shortly after, Parisella confirmed this version of events on the programme by telephone. “We were stood at a distance to report on the type of welcome [Italy] can give [migrants] but they were disturbed and then assaulted us. They chased me and grabbed me by the jacket,” said the journalist. Police, who are investigating the incident, said: “This type of aggression is unacceptable and casts a haunting shadow on press freedom in our country, on security conditions in Italy’s largest station, and also on the possibility of violence towards a young woman working in the centre of our capital. ” Porro said he felt “guilty” for having sent a woman out to report from the station late at night, but said the case “raises serious questions” about how somewhere in the centre of Rome was able to become a “no man’s land” where attacks are commonplace, with no fanfare nor acknowledgement from the media. According to local media, a    man hailing from the Ivory Coast has been detained in connection with the attack. The alleged aggressor was known to police for a list of crimes including domestic violence and was ordered by the prefect of Rome last September to be deported.",0
1680,Trump’s Immigration Ban Blocks Children Most in Need of Aid - The New York Times,"The children around the world who need emergency international assistance the most come mainly from the countries singled out in President Trump’s order barring entry to the United States, according to a United Nations assessment. Five of the seven countries where children are most imperiled are on Mr. Trump’s list of nations where visas are suspended: Iraq, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The children most at risk are Syrian, whether they have fled as refugees or are still in their country, according to Unicef, the United Nations’ children’s agency. All Syrians have been barred indefinitely from entering the United States under Mr. Trump’s executive order. Other countries where Unicef says children are imperiled include the Democratic Republic of Congo, Ethiopia, Nigeria and South Sudan. They are not part of Mr. Trump’s temporary ban on visas  —   though the order also bars all refugees, regardless of where they come from, for 120 days. “This shows who the ban really impacts: the world’s most vulnerable, women and children who are fleeing terror,” said Jennifer Sime, a senior vice president at the International Rescue Committee, a humanitarian organization focused on refugees. “America is turning away from its leadership role on refugee resettlement, and it is refugees who are paying the price. ” The United Nations compiled the assessment weeks before Mr. Trump signed the executive order and published it on Tuesday. Here is what the Unicef report says the agency needs for the five countries included in the executive order where children are most at risk. The United Nations says it needs around $1 billion to aid children displaced by six years of conflict in Syria. Calling the Syrian refugee crisis “the largest humanitarian crisis since the end of World War II,” Unicef says there are more than 2. 2 million children living as refugees in countries neighboring Syria. The organization is also asking for more than $300 million to help more than 5. 8 million children still living in the   country. It says most of that money is needed for water, sanitation, hygiene and medical aid. Unicef is seeking about $200 million in aid for Yemen, which is in a civil war and straining from a devastating famine. The organization says the bulk of that money would go to feed 6. 9 million children this year. More than 5. 1 million children are in need in Iraq, about   of them displaced from their homes by conflict. The United Nations is seeking about $160 million to vaccinate more than five million children under 5 against polio. The United Nations plans to help more than two million Sudanese children under 5 who are acutely malnourished. Unicef is seeking more than $100 million, most of it for nutrition programs. “Somalia remains in a state of chronic humanitarian crisis,” Unicef said in its appeal for more than $60 million, estimating that as many as 850, 000 children there who are under 5 will be acutely malnourished in 2017.",0
1681,CIVIL WAR II – FOURTH TURNING INTENSIFYING (PART I),"Posted on November 4, 2016 by JimQ “History offers even more sobering warnings: Armed confrontation usually occurs around the climax of Crisis. If there is confrontation, it is likely to lead to war. This could be any kind of war – class war, sectional war, war against global anarchists or terrorists, or superpower war. If there is war, it is likely to culminate in total war, fought until the losing side has been rendered nil – its will broken, territory taken, and leaders captured.” – The Fourth Turning – Strauss & Howe -1997 
As we enter the final stretch of this vitriolic, deplorable, venomous, propaganda saturated, deceitful, rigged presidential election spectacle, it becomes painfully obvious this Fourth Turning is careening toward bloodshed, bedlam, confrontation, and civil war. The linear fixated establishment, who fancy themselves intellectually superior to the irredemables, are too blinded by their sociopathic, increasingly audacious subversion of the Constitution, to grasp the level of rage and disillusionment of a white working class that has been screwed over for decades. 
As the Wall Street shysters frantically accelerate their embezzlement of what remains of middle class wealth, with the Fed and the corporate media propagandists as their wing-men, the country devolves into a corporate fascist state. The disposition of the nation grows dark like the sky before an approaching deadly blizzard. As passions boil over and violence portends, this Fourth Turning hastens towards a bloody decade ahead with an uncertain climax.",0
1682,Watch Beyoncé Tell The Entire World Why She Supports Hillary; Grab Your Tissues (VIDEO),"on November 5, 2016 4:50 pm · 
Appearing at a concert for Hillary Clinton in Ohio alongside Chance the Rapper, Big Sean and her husband Jay Z, Beyoncé let us all know why she’s “with her.” 
After explaining that she was so happy her nephew got to have Barack Obama to look up to and know he could one day be president, Beyoncé then explained that this election is continuing on that path of progress. She explained that gender goes beyond that of any religion or race, and electing the first woman president is something she wants for her daughter. She said: 
“I want my daughter to grow up seeing a woman lead our country and know that her possibilities are limitless.” 
Electing Hillary Clinton would break the mold of the United States being led by only men since its inception. However, that’s clearly not the only reason to elect Hillary. She is, by far, the most qualified person to run for President of the United States in more than a century. 
Watch Beyoncé explain why she’s “with her” here: “I want my daughter to grow up seeing a woman lead our country & know that her possibilities are limitless”– @Beyonce #ImWithHer pic.twitter.com/eXRJn04QiJ 
— Khary Penebaker (@kharyp) November 5, 2016 
Featured Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Share this Article! Author: Sarah Sarah is a liberal writer who's been writing and commenting on politics for over 5 years as the Opinionated Democrat on Facebook. She is also the founder and Editor-in-Chief of the online satirical publication Free Wood Post. Search",0
1683,Re: What Is The Best Place To Live In The United States To Prepare For The Coming Economic Collapse?,"Are The Polls Rigged Against Trump? All Of These Wildly Divergent Surveys Cannot Possibly Be Correct Michael On Television What Is The Best Place To Live In The United States To Prepare For The Coming Economic Collapse?   May 2nd, 2011 
What is the best place to live in the United States? I get asked that question all the time. My answer can be summed up in two words: it depends. The truth is that the answer is going to be different for each person. All of us have different goals and different needs. If you have a very strong network of family and friends where you live right now, you might want to think twice before moving hundreds or thousands of miles away. If you have a great job where you live right now, you might want to hold on to it. You should not just assume that you are going to be able to pick up and move to another part of the country and be able to get a similar job right away. The United States is in the midst of a very serious economic decline right now, and wherever you live you are going to have to provide for your family. Just because you move somewhere new does not mean that you are going to leave your problems behind. In fact, you might find that they moved right along with you. With all that being said, the reality is that there are some places in the U.S. that are going to be much more desirable than others when the economy totally falls apart. For example, during a total economic collapse it will not be good to be living in a large city or in a densely populated area. Just think about what happened in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. If the entire nation is going through something like that, you don’t want to have hundreds of thousands of close neighbors at that point. So when thinking about where you want to be when everything falls apart, population density should be a major factor. But there are other factors as well and no area of the United States is perfect. 
If you live in or near a major city right now, that is okay. Most Americans do. Even if you have limited financial resources at the moment, you can start developing a plan that will get you where you eventually want to go. If you want to move to another part of the country you can start applying for jobs out there. You can also be working hard to develop a business that would enable you to move. Perhaps you have friends or family in more isolated areas that would allow you to stay with them during an economic collapse. 
Those that possess more financial resources could start thinking about getting a second home in a location that is more rural. 
The key is to come up with a plan and to be working towards accomplishing that plan. 
If you don’t have a plan yet, hopefully the following information will give you something to think about. Not all areas of the United States are equal, and all of them do have problems. 
The following are some thoughts about the best place to live in the United States…. 
The Northeast 
A major problem with the Northeast is that it is just so darn crowded. Yes, there are some rural areas, but the overall population density of the region is so high that it would be really hard to go unnoticed for long in the event of a major economic collapse. 
Another thing that is not great about the Northeast is that so much of the population lives near the coast. As we saw in Japan recently, living near a coastline is not necessarily a good thing. While it is likely safer to live along the east coast then the west coast, the truth is that there is an inherent level of insecurity when it comes to living in coastal areas. You never know when the next hurricane, oil spill or tsunami is going to strike. 
Also, the Northeast is really quite cold. So staying warm and growing your own food would be more difficult than in some other areas of the country. 
The Mid-Atlantic 
The Mid-Atlantic is one of the most beautiful areas of the nation. Unfortunately, it suffers from many of the same problems that the Northeast does. 
The Mid-Atlantic has a very high population density. For example, the area around Washington D.C. is pretty much all suburbs for 50 miles in all directions. 
The weather is nicer than in the Northeast and there are some less dense areas once you get south of Washington D.C. 
If you think that the Mid-Atlantic might be for you, you might want to check out North Carolina or South Carolina. The people tend to get friendlier the further south you go and there are definitely some areas that could potentially work. 
Florida 
Florida is generally not going to be a place that you want to be during an economic collapse. The housing market has absolutely collapsed down there and the crime rate is already very high. It is also very densely populated. 
The weather is very nice down in Florida, but one big thing that you need to consider when it comes to Florida is the fact that it is very flat and most of Florida is just barely above sea level. In fact, quite a bit of Florida is actually below sea level. 
In addition, hurricanes are always a major threat in Florida. It is a beautiful state, but there is a lot of risk to living down there. 
The Southeast 
The Southeast has really taken a pounding over the last few years. First it was Hurricane Katrina, and then it was the BP oil spill and then it was the tornadoes of 2011 . 
There is a lot of poverty in that area of the country. There is also a lot of crime. 
There are a lot of great people who live down in the Southeast, but if you do not know your way around it can be a very difficult place to move to. 
The Mid-South 
One of my favorite places east of the Mississippi River are the mountains along the Tennessee/North Carolina border. If you must be in the eastern half of the United States, that is not a bad choice. 
Where you do not want to be is anywhere near the New Madrid fault zone . The New Madrid fault zone covers portions of Illinois, Indiana, Missouri, Arkansas, Kentucky, Tennessee and Mississippi. The biggest earthquakes in the history of the United States were caused by the New Madrid fault. Many are convinced that we are going to see an absolutely catastrophic earthquake along the New Madrid fault at some point. 
So if you want to live in the Mid-South, it is highly recommended that you stay far away from the New Madrid fault zone. 
The Upper Midwest 
The Upper Midwest was once one of the great manufacturing regions of the world, but now much of it is known as the “rust belt”. 
Formerly great manufacturing cities such as Detroit are now absolute hellholes . Tens of thousands of our factories and millions of our jobs have been shipped overseas. 
There are some really great people (including some good friends of this column) that live up there, but the truth is that the region is really cold and unemployment is rampant. 
The Upper Midwest is an area that people want to get out of. It is probably not a great place to move to. 
However, if you do need a job, one place to look is a little bit west of there. Thanks to an abundance of natural resources, unemployment in North Dakota and South Dakota is very low. If you really need a job you might want to look into those two states. 
The Southwest 
In the Southwest there are a whole lot of freedom-loving Americans, the weather is very warm and there is a lot of space to get lost. 
However, the Southwest is also very dry and in many areas there is not a lot of water. Drought and wildfires are quite common. 
In addition, illegal immigration is rampant and is a constant security threat. 
If you are familiar with that area of the country it is not a bad choice, but if you do not know what you are doing it could end up being disastrous for you. 
The Great Plains 
As long as you are far enough away from the New Madrid fault, the Great Plains is not a bad choice. 
It is very, very flat out there, and it can be quite windy, but the good news is that you should be able to grow your own food. 
In addition, the population density is generally very low in most areas. 
One big negative, as we have seen recently, is tornadoes. The United States experiences more tornadoes that anywhere else in the world, and “tornado alley” generally gets the worst of it. 
The West Coast 
During an economic collapse, the West Coast is not a place that you will really want to be. Just take a look at the state of California already. It is an economic nightmare . 
Millions of people have left California over the past couple of decades. The millions of people that have left have been replaced mostly with illegal aliens. 
Oregon is better, although they have very high taxes and they are experiencing huge economic problems right now as well. 
The best area along the West Coast is the Seattle area, but you won’t want to be anywhere near a major population center when things totally fall apart. 
Also, the West Coast lies along the “ Ring of Fire “. Considering what just happened in Japan and what has been happening in other areas along the Ring of Fire lately, the West Coast is not an area that a lot of people are recommending. 
The Northwest 
Large numbers of freedom-loving Americans have been moving to the states of Montana, Idaho and Wyoming. You can also throw eastern Washington and eastern Oregon into this category as well. 
It gets cold up in the Northwest, but not as cold as the Upper Midwest. There are lots of rivers, streams and lakes and in certain areas there is plenty of rain. 
The population density is very low in most areas and there is an abundance of wildlife. Housing prices are reasonable and in many areas you can grow your own food. 
The Northwest is one of the favorite areas of the United States for preppers. It is far from perfect, but it does have a lot of advantages. 
Alaska And Hawaii 
Neither Alaska or Hawaii is recommended. Alaska lies along the “Ring of Fire” and it is very, very cold. Also, almost everything has to be either shipped or flown into Alaska. In the event of a real economic collapse, supplies to Alaska could be cut off and shortages could develop very quickly. 
Hawaii has a huge population and it does not have a lot of room. Like Alaska, most supplies have to be either shipped in or flown in. And one really bad tsunami could pretty much wipe Hawaii out. 
But once again, there is no “right answer”. There are areas of just about every U.S. state that could potentially work well during a major economic collapse. 
When assessing where “the best place to live in the United States” is, it is important to examine your own personal factors. What will work for me and for my family will not necessarily work for you and your family. 
So what do all of you think about this list? Which area of the country do you think is best for those Americans who are seeking to prepare themselves for the coming economic collapse? Scott 
I have actually been thinking about this lately. And population and weather are the two biggest factors. emma 
This whole Osama dead Stuff really gets to me. 
The guy from FFT summed it up perfectly. 
http://www.forecastfortomorrow.com/news/2011/05/osama-bin-laden-dead/ 
Never before has this country embraced Empire so willingly. Never before have we given up, wholesale, our precious liberties won with the blood of our countrymen. For what?? Some lame ass guy in a cave somewhere that represents some of the best thinking of the 13th Century? This is beyond ridiculous, it is totally absurd. Nickelthrower 
Greetings, 
I can’t help but laugh when I read blogs such as this. I hate to break it to everyone but no place is going to be very safe. Hear me out then see if you don’t agree. 
If the economic tsunami that is headed our way includes the loss of international oil then it wont matter if you are in New York City or the Deep South. 
We now know (because we have their documents) what the Soviet Union planned to do to destroy the U.S.A. Whereas we intended to nuke everything and anything in an attempt to kill as many Russians as possible, the Russians believed that they could kill even more Americans by just using a few dozen or so nukes on a few of our ports and all of our major oil refineries. 
Where we planned to annihilate everyone in every major city in the Soviet Union, they figured that they could kill even more Americans by just shutting off the oil. They knew that the loss of oil would cause pandemonium in the U.S.A and that the starving people would spill out of the cities and eat up everything until there was nothing left and no means to grow or obtain any more. 
Let me reiterate it again for you just to make sure you got it: The loss of oil brought about by the collapse of the dollar will be more devastating than a nuclear holocaust. 
Whatever little “Alamo” you set up for yourself in Hillbilly Land wont be so much as a speed bump when thousands of hungry people descend upon it. 
Do a little research and read about what a famine of biblical proportions looks because that is what will go down when the pumps go dry. shawn 
That was pretty interesting and it make since. It actually just reinforces the conclusion I have drawn. N. Dakota is the place I think I am gonna move my family to as soon as I can.Its gonna take people a while to run outta the major cities into n. Dakota as there are no major cities close in any direction.This would give N. Dakota plenty of time to prepare. N. Dakota has it’s own state bank.It also has nuclear war heads stationed there and if the people and local authorities could seize control of them it would go a long way in defending itself from a tyrannical federal government. It has an abundance of oil and agriculture. Also, it is the state that could most easily succeed from the union (even more likely than Texas) as technically it never really was properly admitted into the union. It is cold and flat but that has kept the wrong kind of people away. N. Dakota also has 0 debt and did not take federal bail out money so they have the right mentality and they already want to succeed. Missy 
That was an excellent article Michael!! You are such an excellent writer. I am really looking forward to the comments that will be left on this article. The middle of the US is certainly one of the safer places to live. VegasBob 
The Central and Eastern areas of Washington State are actually a fairly nice place to be. The people are generally friendly, and they are far less judgmental than Southerners (I am a native Southerner, so I know just how judgmental Southerners can be). The trouble is that there is not a lot of cultural stuff going on – symphonies, museums, theatres, etc. Maria 
We have lived in many different states over the last 25 years from Alaska and Hawaii in the west to Virginia in the east and Texas in the south. We are convinced you are right…there is no perfect place. People need to decide which drawbacks they are most capable of dealing with (snow, rain, heat, earthquakes, etc) and plan accordingly. 
If it gets much worse economically, one thing will be certain…if you can’t protect what you have, then you won’t have it for very long. 
I pray it doesn’t get that bad. Pat 
I live in Alaska and just got back from vacationing down south. Alaska may be cold and hostile, but one thing it has going for it is stability – something I’ve noticed the lower 48 has been lacking lately. If you know how to live in cold-weather environments, Alaska ain’t a bad choice. Gutter Economist 
People need to start thinking about what comes after the economic collapse. I would look for states that are rich in natural resources and away from coastal areas. 
If we have a civil war, I would like to see the following states pull out the union and become the Mountain States of America. With respect to natural resources, these states might include Colorado, North Dakota, South Dakota, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, Utah, and Wyoming. If residents of these states were smart, they would pull out of the union ASAP. Hognutz 
I’m staying right here on my farm in good old S.C. 
One thing not mentioned is family support and real friends. If you have them you might be better off with them….. karl 
Yellowstone Patty 
My husband and I saw this coming over 12 years ago as we were living in Florida. With crime, drugs and homeless people all around us. We looked at Tennessee but it just wasn’t right for us. We ended up in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. I notice more than not that when people think of Michigan they ALWAYS think Detroit. Evidenced once again in your article. The UP is the land of God so to speak with great natural resources, good and plentiful water and lots and lots of land. The people up here are resourceful and know how to live off the land. Yes it’s cold and I like it that way because it discourages the type of people that all southern and warm states have too many of………. shawn 
amen J 
If you are willing to work abroad there are many countries where you can teach English. Just get the CELTA. It’s a four week English teaching certificate. Here are a few sites that list ESL teaching jobs abroad: 
http://www.teachaway.com 
I am a U.S. citizen and I am currently teaching physics in Saudi Arabia with a lot of expats from all over the west. Many teachers here have purchased property abroad since the cost of living is cheaper like Malaysia, Thailand, and the Philippines. 
Please go to http://www.trulia.com because you will find many inexpensive property listings all over the U.S. there. There are some great property listings in the Portland, Oregon area. 
I hope this helps. Owen 
Like the old gospel song proclaims “There’s no hiding place down here.” Your preparatins will be in vain if you disregard this truth. The time is short aa it appears to this reader that we have now entered the beginning of sorrows. Just Me 
other than the northwest, I’ll still stick with Pa or Central NY, it gets a little cold and there is some snow, but we don’t have to worry about forest fires, earth quakes,floods, tornadoes,hurricanes,Tsunamies,mud slides,poison snakes,scorpions,alligators,fresh water,very few draughts,burning heat waves,high moisture. and there won’t be very many roving bandits from Sept til June. Wood Burner 
Most people who live on the Great Plains have only seen a tornado on the weather channel. The damage done by twisters is very localized and narrow. Most assuredly not a factor in determining whether to locate there or not. 
Also, using possibles like the New Madrid fault as a factor in where to locate is like using the possibility of zombie rabbits popping up. There is just no certainty of any event like a huge earthquake occurring in the center of the U.S. Mathematically it can not even be an issue. 
What can be stated with certainty is the fact that when the SHTF you will not want to be in or near a large city of any kind. There the possibility of encountering zombie criminals of the human type is not only high but virtually assured. One can make preparations but how does one keep the provisions from being taken by starving idiots? You can try to defend your position but the numbers are against you. 
Ultimately there is only one way anybody gets out of this life with a chance of redemption. Use it. Rev 6:5 
I think the best place to go in the event of a economic collapse or something much worse would be out in Utah. Most of Utah is isolated except around Salt Lake City. The weather isnt that bad in winter but summers can get hot in the southern half of the state. I would definetly recommend living near a water source such as a lake or river. There are places around Fruita, UT that grow crops out in the middle of the desert because of the Freemont River. Living in the mountains would be fine in the summer but they can recieve a lot of snow and cold from October to May. Utah just seems to me to be the most practical location. Matt 
It must be warm year round. Southwest wins here. Summer heat is very uncomfortable but extreme cold is much worse if you cannot afford the high cost of heating or cooling your home. J 
Another good thing about living and teaching abroad is that you don’t have to pay taxes. Just file the 2555-EZ form. jet 
I would pass on Oregon and Washington. The taxes are incredibly high, there is always the threat of tsunami or earthquake and it rains or is cloudy for about nine months a year, people are in a constant state of depression because of the weather. Oh, and it is liberal in the extreme. People here don’t like “freedom loving Americans”, aka conservatives. Freedom Lover 
Montana, Idaho and Wyoming depends if you are in one of the wolf high population areas you could not pick a worst area. Wildlife is being slaughtered off in record numbers. Ranchers forced out of business that milk cow and chickens for survival would be close to impossible to raise. Now the wolves are spreading disease to the animals and people. Before you even think of moving to one of these 3 States you should watch Yellowstone is Dead. 
Where ever you pick make sure you have your own well water is going to be very important and you truly can’t store enough water. Massivecarbunkle 
Everyone must find a place, surely most will want to be near blood relatives, those who grew up in the 80’s when the media taught them to be independent and far from home, they will find it very hard, very, very, hard indeed. Most strangers in places they are not familiar with during the economic collapse will be dissed and treated very harsh and left for dead by city dwellers. For this was the GREAT SIN of the citizens of Sodom and Gomorrah, the wicked and cruel treatment of strangers. jose puta 
the best place for you to live is on the Amazon with the tribes, quit spreading your disease. JH 
There are some great areas in California along the Sierra Mountain range and in Northern California. They are warm most the year, have very fertile soil for gardening, low population density, natural beauty and water sources (off the mountains). Yes, taxes and property rates are high and employment is tough, but if you can work from home or are retired, not a bad option. 
Southern Colorado in the Rockies is another good option with limited government, cheap land, low population density, water sources, few gun laws, etc. It gets cold, but not as cold as other places. Judith 
You are forgetting the Yellowstone volcano. That should pretty much take care of the Northwest. Adrian 
I noticed lately that more Americans are moving to Australia. We have plenty of rooms and we love Americans. So come on over. Gary2 
We have a large body of fresh water on our door step. Lake MI looks as big as any ocean from the shore line. Please keep telling people to not move here (WI) as I hate crowds and a lot of people clogging up everything. The cold keeps the nasty bugs at bay. If you need a well you can pretty much sink a hole anywhere and get wonderful water. With water shortages we are positioned quite well. Steve 
Economic collapse? Do you really know how the collapse will happen? How about a Mexico border state like TX, NM or AZ. Start a garden. In a rural area a little south of a big city. Learn spanish and have a little vacation home in Mexico to escape to with a Peso bank account. Keep your van packed ready to run. Would love to have a little Wine and Coffee plantation near the Mexican town of Chicxulub in the Yucatán peninsula run by a bunch of nice señoritas. InArizona 
I think you are wrong about Alaska, there are many places in Alaska that are WARMER than the Northwest in the Winter. Anywhere along the water is more temperate than the Northern part of the Cont US. Also, Alaska has abundant LARGE game, fish, and other resources that no other state does. Forget about shipments up there, what would you need? Lumber is available, oil, and nat gas are everywhere… Not to mention… the VERY long growing days in the summer produce some of the largest fruits and vegatables…. just take a look at the Palmer Fair each fall… Also, tidal waves, volcanos are an issue as well as earthquakes, but just living away from low lying coastal areas would mitigate that threat. One thing about Alaska… you NEVER have to worry about a drought! So summertime will produce plenty of vegatables… wheat and grains don’t work so well, but I have been successful growing corn, risky and a lot of work, but it can be done. 
I think that as a human being you would find most of the resources you need up there, without the competition for resources, which needs to be taken into consideration. 
So, my short answer, it depends on how BAD it gets, Alaska would be perfect WTSHTF! InArizona 
just so you know, I currently live in Arizona, and am originally from Alaska… born and raised, been in AZ for 10 years now. 
I can see advantages to both places to live, but I really worry about water here, and the availability of game animals. I am also out of my element, so when I go into survival mode, I am thinking about Alaska. 
Here in the desert all we have is bunnies and cacti… I don’t know how to build a home from cacti, and eating those darn bunnies would eventually get very old! (I currently have moose meat and smoked salmon in my freezer…you can take the girl out of the trailer park, but you can’t take the trailer park out of the girl!) tobage 
Rural Southwestern Michigan 
The Great Lakes area is the Saudi Arabia of freshwater in general, but SW Mich has some of the most fertile land on Earth…AND a 180 day growing season…that will only be getting longer thanks to abrupt climate shift. 
Extremely few places on planet Earth have this. 
And THIS…… is all that will matter. 
I bet thats why you are sterring people away. wink wink… foldenfan 
We are in west central Minnesota, and feel pretty good about our area. Yes, it has cold winters (though the summers are the best I have ever seen), but as has been said about the cold winters, “It helps keep the riff-raff out.” We have lived in Colorado, Oregon, Washington, and have a lot of experience with Wyoming and Montana. We feel this is the safest place for us. 
Gardening for food here is great, good soil, adequate rain, growing season is such that if we can’t grow it, we don’t need it. Lots of cattle (dairy & beef) in our area, low population, and the people are of the best overall quality we have seen anywhere. Main farm crops here are corn, wheat, oats, hay, barley,soybeans, potatoes, flax, sugar beets, etc. 
Average folks here are conservative (most of the Libs are in the cities), and well armed. As for wildlife, we have lots of deer, turkey, pheasant are making a comeback, and thousands of lakes for fishing. Also have some wolves, coyotes, and a few bear around. 
We feel that when Teotwaki hits we will have as good a chance here as anywhere. 
Land is relatively inexpensive compared to most regions that have “usable” land. We have 80 acres, 50 in Oak trees (LOT’s of excellent firewood), and 30 open for gardens and fields. I will admit that land is more expensive now than when we bought back in 1997. Overall, we’ve been here 20+ years so we have considerable experience in this area. Gist of my comment is, don’t sell parts of MN and the eastern Dakotas short. Marlene Spence 
San Juan Capistrano California is beautiful. We grow vegetables, etc. and have survival food purchased from Jim Bakker Ministries. We do have a nuclear plant near by, however. I think Nuclear Plants need to be considered. JD 
Thank you Michael. I still know Montana is far perfect but when the weather is nice like it is today this truly is the last best place. Except for Yellowstone. But you cant think that its going to blow up everyday it would make you insane. Michael 
When Yellowstone goes, it will generally be better to be north and west of it rather than east and south of it. JD 
Oh some good news I might be able to get my old job back after getting laid off two years ago. I would be happier than i have been in a long time. I pray and i believe it will happen. Everyone reading this blog there is hope out there. Im glad its here for all of us to share our thoughts. Home is what you make of it. Like Michael was saying about using your family and connections where you live is important. It may be your only hope. I grateful even tho im techincally homeless and my friend lets me use his computer the weather is getting nicer Bin Laden is dead today is awesome. I love MT & i totally agree with gutter econonmist that Rocky Mt States of America will happen. Eastern OR & Spokane could join just as long as not too many hippies invade here. Ooops I guess theres Missoula too late.. morpheus 
I know it seems like our only choice is to retreat and run for the hills. Big mistake! Because soon everyone will follow. No, we have to stand and fight or we will lose everything if we run like cowards. 
Wake up America. It’s time… 
“THE REVOLUTION HAS STARTED” Read “Common Sense 3.1” at ( http://www.revolution2.osixs.org ) 
FIGHT THE CAUSE – NOT THE SYMPTOM“Spread the News” jpalm 
Nice site, but it lost me where it says: “I’m tired of hearing it said that democracy doesn’t work. Of course it doesn’t work. We are supposed to work it.”– Alexander Woollcott 
Our country is not a Democracy. The thought that it is a Democracy has led us to the situation we’re in today. Our country is a Republic. Period. Not a Democracy, not a Democratic Republic. A Republic, a form of government where 99% can’t vote away the rights of 1%. Kevin 
Regardless if there is a collapse or not it would be wise to live where there would be jobs in gainful private sector employment. Those states with significant shale natural gas deposits and farming would be the best bet. Even if your not directly working in either field there are support jobs that come along for the ride. Small town western Pennsylvania may be a choice. Pennsylvania is Philadelphia and Pittsburg with West Virginia in the middle. Once out of the damn few cities the place is Maybury RFD. Thinkaboutit 
Glad you recommended against Hawaii, because there are plenty of people there…but Tsunami only affects the coast…there are great higher elevation places to live in Hawaii where the food falls out of trees along with fresh rainwater nearly every night ryan 
i live in rural western wa and its not as liberal as one would think.most all libs live in seattle and the other bigger citys on the coast but every where out side of that is good old americans!everybody i no are gun owners on a large scale to say in the long run that we will be overrun by starving people after the callapse is nonsense we will fort up and protect ourselves and are familys and friends!besides most will be killed by mobbs or will starve before they can even try to get out of the city. people underestimate us country folk! smarter than you 
Eureka, California is the best place you can possibly live. Don’t argue with me. Just get your ass to Eureka. Thomas 
Hawaii seems a good choice. Plenty of military around to help keep order and a preferred place for Asian visitors. Even as everything has to be flown or shipped in, the state is small and can be managed easier than larger states. Old Red (neck) 
Pick Colorado or Utah, or maybe western Nebraska. Don’t come to Idaho, nothing but gun tote’n, beer swillin’, bible thumpin’ rednecks with old cars and furniture in the yard. Stay away! You’ll be bored too. Don’t come here! 38Blackfin 
Full disclosure: I am writing from the Southeast- 
The comments written here about the Southeast could only have been from someone with zero first-hand knowledge of the area. I don’t even know where to start… Twiinkles 
After reading this seems like there some good alternatives outside the USA . Obamistake 
Doesn’t matter where I live…I’ve exercised my Second Amendment rights several times over. With my food supply I’ll be just fine. mtguy 
Sounds like great ideas, but also like we need some geography lessons. I’m in E. Washington/N. Idaho area. It is the west side of the state that has most of the population (think Seattle) and the rain. East of the Cascades is much better for the things we’re talking about -plenty of water, decent growing season, lots of wildlife (animals not bars)and fishing. Yes there’s snow, but that clears out the “snow birds” who won’t make it anyway in a big catastrophe. It also makes for a lot of fun during the winter months with skiing, snowshoeing, etc. Good luck everybody. DJ 
I live in Alaska. Moved heree from Kentucky because of all the people. I have acclimated to the environment now. Coal is on top of the ground in places and trees are abundant, I have a wood/coal burning stove in my log home. Its warm, I am oof the grind and I live at least 100 miles from the nearest population base of any size. 
Heirloom seeds, my own well, two years of dehydrated food and I am a fire arms instructor with lots of instructional equipment…. Just like home. And if I am a Hillbilly then so be it. I will make it. Rod 
Not mentioned but should be considered is proximity to nuclear power plants. I wouldn’t want to be within 50 miles downwind from one. Another good point about a northern climate is food storage is easier and pests can be less bothersome than a southern climate. Ben Dover 
I read the article with an open mind and came away with the thought that the author is of the opinion that all 300 million of us are doomed and should just eat a bullet…it’s why i do not often read this stuff…common sense, it ain’t common… mondobeyondo 
But be warned, stock up on potatoes. Potatoes don’t grow well out here in the desert. Don J 
Right. No perfect place, but I feel that where we live (East Texas) is perfect for us, primarily because my brothers and I inherited over 1,000 acres. We have lakes with fish, tillable garden/crop areas including areas close to our water wells, there are wild hogs that populate the area that are delicious and deer. We can butcher our own meat and cook it over hardwood fires, in an oven or deep fried. We can raise just about any vegetable and most fruit. We know how to prepare and can veggies and fruit. Not too sure how to can meat, but I feel that we could always have fresh meat either with fish, wild hog, or venison in season. There’s no closed season on hogs. We have generators to keep our freezers going and house powered. We have diesel and gasoline stored in overhead tanks. We have guns and bullets and the ability to reload hunting and handgun rounds. Have we thought of everything? Probably not, but if we have to, we think we could survive some very hard times, if it comes to pass. I wish everyone the best. DJ Tom Hallett 
While the mid-atlantic does indeed have its share of exposed coastline, you failed to mention the very rural Susquehanna basin. 
From southeastern Pennsylvania to northeastern Maryland, the Susquehanna basin is quite rural, lush, and teeming with food on hoof and fin. 
Thanks for keeping our little secret! Big Dave 
I live in Central Texas which is greener than most people think. Water has always been a concern, but now that I am collecting thousands of gallons off my roof I don’t worry about it. Nothing tastes better. The freedoms we have in Texas are great and I know because I grew up in California. The economy is better here and though we do have money shortfalls we are not bankrupt. Yes it’s hot, but I’d rather have heat than extreme cold. God bless Texas! kebozarth 
Thank you for your heads-up. DownWithLibs 
@ Vegas Bob: 
TY! Yes, we haven’t quite caught the horrible, sad mental illness known as “Liberalism”. Our strong-rooted Conservatism genes seem to be fending it off quite well. Although I do fear the day that our defenses get weakened. DownWithLibs 
@ Gary2: 
I see when it comes to “spreading the wealth” in the property department, you suddenly don’t feel like sharing. (I believe the word we are after here is Hypocrite!) Richard 
You really need to leave the United States altogether and choose a country that is not about to be subjected to the horrors of a gut-wrenching depression. Asia is the obvious choice. They will suffer from the coming bust as well but thereafter they will pick themselves up, dust themselves off, bounce back and go from strength to strength. The Asians do not carry the crushing debts that will hobble the United States and Europe for generations to come. If you’re looking for a country where they speak English, Malaysia’s your answer. Ted 
NW NJ is overlooked. Much has been done to preserve the truly pristene waters and farmlands of this area. Please do not judge what you have not tasted.It is still known as the Garden State.Quality of life will continue to be good because the people have a spirit of survival and work ethhic.A challenge here is an everyday occurance. If you can make it here you can make it anywhere. Home is where you make it. What are you running from? Okie Dan 
It is extremely difficult to predict what the fallout would be with an economic collapse. Will martial law take place? Will redistribution of wealth occur? Will military forces simply be used to round up unemployed masses especially in the city? Will the economic collapse have only marginally increased changes than the present situation? There can be no certainty in planning for the scenario. Obviously networks matter. I imagine Oklahoma to be for most people better than Illinois in such a scenario. But I have a sister and brother-in-law,and nephews in Illinois with a spacious house and they farm. I could move there, while in Oklahoma without a job, my network would likely not be nearly so solid nor certain. Lots to think about. metalurgy 
Welp, glad you are discouraging the Midwest. That is where I live. In MN. Happy to see the riff raff leave and move south to warmer climates. 
I know how to and have backpacked and camped in 80 below windchill in the middle of winter mutiple times in my life and was extremely warm and comfortable. 
Easy if you know how to live in this type of environment. 
There is a ton of food to eat, even in the winter time. I don’t need a job and I don’t need uncle Sam to survive. 
Not for everybody here in freezing MN but then I like it that way. Doc Loch 
Montana is great. Been here all my 45 yrs. (Except short jaunts of a few years to Germany and Oregon). You are all welcome here, and the beauty is unsurpassed, but don’t forget that if you can’t handle 45 degrees BELOW zero for 2 to 4 weeks at a time and lots of snow, then you can’t wear the badge! Bob 
Michael, 
The safest place to be if Yellowstone goes, I’m sorry to say, is Yellowstone. I would not want to be alive if and when it does go as the Earth will be nearly uninhabitable. 
Bob Jack 
Lindsey Williams did a good recent film of the elite’s timeline for the destruction of the dollar, etc. 
The main thing is be around family to pool resources, protect one another and be away from big cities. 
Also, stock up now….and make sure your spiritual house is in order. Mcbain 
The Northeast: NY City, Boston, etc…..sure crowded, but has anyone driven straight across Vermont, NH, Maine lately? Crowded it is not! JD 
Good point about the hogs in the south. They are large in number and probably tasty. I mean where else can you find free bacon? Sabonim 
I live in a very rural area of Central Florida about 2 hours north from Tampa and Orlando. I have 1/2 acre over a great aquifer of fresh water with a 6 foot stockade fence, chickens, fruit trees and a garden. I am very well armed, have a Black Belt, am stocked with food, ammo and real money (not paper)and NO debt. I have a good fishing boat and a motorcycle (55 mpg) and am 45 minutes from the nearest coast and 300 yards to woods (a forest) and a huge fresh water spring fed river. I like Florida and where I am at for what is coming. BTW … I am 53 years old and lived hear all my life and have only had one hurricane hit this area, and other than a big mess and no elec. for a few days … no damage done. Good luck to you all. Paschall 
Nickelthrower’s argument is far more cogent than anything else I read here. Bunkers, stockpiles, gardens, and guns will not ease the terror and pandemonium. “Hide in a hole if you wish, but you won’t live one instant longer. Fear profits man nothing.” HT Liu 
Don’t escape. Try not to allow the economic disaster to happen. Vote with your head but not your feet. Stop voting for immoral politicians who continue irresponsible wild spending, uncontrolled growth of debt, and irrational increases of taxes. The best solution is to never, never, never re-elected anyone. Check what politicians do but don’t listen to what they have to say. If you can’t do that, you deserve a disaster. Mark C 
Originally from Texas but I’m already on our family farm here in the Philippines. Better get busy folks, there’s not much time left. Texas Tea 
Before BO was elected I mentioned to a friend that I was considering moving back to Texas. She said I should do it soon, so I wouldn’t have to go through Customs! Well, I moved and I’m happy to say we’re still a part of the good old USA. We’re just different enough, however, that if the SHTF we would lock those borders down, become the world’s fifth biggest economy, and feast on our oil, coal, forests, lakes, rivers, farms, wildlife, and football. Dang! Is Texas great or what? Rooster 
Are you kidding me….You can fivd problems in all areas of the U.S. Finding a place to go…Now….it’s way too late to think of relocating…hunker down and prepare wherever you are; the finacial outlay for any move would better be used to have supplies. yes it is best to be out of a major populated area. Don’t worry about the new madrid, worry about supplies like tolet paper….. Ben rhea 
There is no place that you can consider best when economic collapse is already here. Doomsday scenarios rarely ever come true. I think this will iron out, but houses are not going to get really cheap any time soon if at all, and currency war still boiling, plus the riots in Middle East which has an indirect effect to all and natural calamities all over the world. I understand that our country is completely out of control. One would have to wonder if the truth even exists for people, much less corporations. The U.S.’s unemployment stats are more manipulated, kneaded & massaged than the thighs on a world-class ballerina. 
Hate applying to jobs? Let us do it for you. Human job search assistant – http://www.jobwaltz.com 
North Central and North West U.S. are good bets. They have tough cold seasons, but that will drive away those with not so good work ethics. 
Part of Americas problem is too many living off of those who are working. 
South California will be a lost cause as Mexico tries to take over. Texas on the other hand is not going to be very forgiving to those who have raped our system for years. I have worked with plenty of decent hard working Hispanics. But a good chunk of them don’t care for America or the Gringos. 
North East will be bad when all the spent rod ponds at the nuke plants start going dry and you have radiation clouds down wind from them. 
The coasts offer fish and water. It will be hard to over fish the oceans. You can also desalinate enough water to survive, especially if you have a hot day. Hurricanes can be prepared for, tsunamis, not so. So the East coast might be the better choice, unless you have a little elevation. There is historical evidence of major Tsunamis in Oregon AND SoCal in the last few hundred years.. 
Last bit of advice. If you have an acre or more, you absolutely should have a way to store 3 K gallons of water. No excuse if you have the rain. I hate seeing all that fresh water go down the ditch to the creek. 
Sierra Dave coal 
What about being mobile with a camper of some sort. You would have to have access to a good supply of fuel? At any rate, too many variables to consider a place of safety. What looks good today could very well be the worst place to go after some event takes place. Being mobile, a better chance of being able to move swiftly as the situation dictates?? Hal 
Gloom & Doom. Looks like we are in for some really bad times. Or not! USA has been through tough times before and bounced back every time. I don’t expect this to be any different, but it may take a little longer. It would probably help if all you pessimists and doomsayers(cons or lib) would quit whining and speculating and get of your dead asses to do something positive for a change. OK, off the soapbox…where to live….anywhere your heart desires No rules, but..buy property, preferably rural(at least one acre), if you can. If you can’t afford or borrow, work, work , work till you have the means. Improve your credit and use it only for buying property(not for toys). Learn cycles…do not buy during highs in the area. Do this and you will all at least survive any downturn and be better off than I am(retired, living in FL in an average house, on a small lot, close to the beach, but running out of money). Complaining? Nah. I have lived in many areas of the USA and UK and loved every minute. Endured tornadoes, hurricanes, floods, and burglaries, all part of life. GET OVER IT!! Live your life!! Use good old American know how and innovation. Chris 
If you agree with the premise that America is going to suddenly turn into Afghanistan over night then perhaps the rural/survivalist move is the way to go. If you believe that the descent will occur over 10-20 years you want to be urban. You want to be able to walk/bike to wherever you need. You need access to public transportation. You need access to jobs. Yes, there will still be jobs in the US and jobs equals money. We won’t be bartering chickens for healthcare any time soon. You need public services such as fire and police as it is unlikely the suburbs will be supported by services or infrastructure improvements. Any further than the near suburbs will be completely out of the question for any support system whatsoever. Those areas will be sacrificed to the budgetary gods. Let’s be honest, very very very few people are going to be capable of being self sufficient. 
Obviously, most of the commenters think they they are the second coming of Grizzly Adams. Good for them. And good luck. You will need it. For the other 298 million of us, being close to the core and the support of friends and neighbors very close by is the best place to be for at least the next decade +. Larry Calhoun 
At this time being very disabled I’m living with family just East of Houston, TX. I WANT to move out of this present Hurricane endangered area & somewhere between Austin & Dallas. (Preferably in a high elevation area where a nice underground home can be built, and be protected from floods or tornados.) One great thing about living in ‘the Republic of Texas’s is that this State has reserved the right to secede from the USA ***if*** necessary. Also; establishing a residence that’s not on the grid has its own unique appeal…..doesn’t it? Fed Up 
(Opps, I put this in the wrong article, belongs here) 
We are planning on moving to Colorado. As “JD” said in another discussion, “the Rockies are the last best place.” 
Colorado already has lots of preppers, organized in various areas and they meetup as a group a few times a year. CO has low taxes, hardly any gun laws, and a history of independent thinking and self-reliance. If you live at lower elevations the weather is perfect four seasons, with LOTS of sunshine, no natural disasters (except forest fires), and NO BUGS. Water can be an issue, but there are lots of creeks, rivers, and good wells if you look for them. 
There’s plenty of wildlife, fishing, and firewood. Except for the ski and resort areas, housing and land prices are very affordable in the remoter areas. Slade 
In the UNlikely event of a complete breakdown of the economy and law and order, our best bet is the two Fs: Family and Firearms. Gary2 
HT Liu-good point we need to not let the economic collapse happen in the first place. 
People need to stop voting for any republican period. They need to look at what any dem does and not what they say. I am so sick of dems talking a good progressive game and then being way too conservative like Obama. 
Yes, Obama is better than any republican but I am really getting sick of choosing the lesser of 2 evils. 
I want Bernie Sanders for President. redgypsy 
Look West of Port Angeles WA Can feed a large family on 5 acres with food to spare. Quite and remote and plenty of resourses. Dee 
You never mentioned Colorado? We have fresh mountain streams,plenty of game and not too many overcrowded areas. Plus, a large number of people who know how to survive off of the land and who are already starting to band together and plan… 
Our Gourmet Survival Food Business Opportunity 
The best place to live is in Santa Cruz California. We’re above any Tsunami levels. Earthquakes are fun here and have never killed anyone. The University of California provides much cultural things to do. The weather is PERFECT year-round and the population low. The Beaches are beautiful, AND you can get everything you need, including our Survival Food. No big cities even close. Xploregon 
In 2-3 months I’ll have two (2) two (2) acre remote wooded lots available for sale in south/central Oregon (Coos County)for sale (price not yet determined) on a very large fresh water lake about three (3) miles inland from the beach. Currently lake/water access only but may have seasonal road which can be developed to year round if desired. 30+ miles of nothing but deep Pacific NW forest (mostly state forest land)to the East and simular S, N & West. Sportsmans paradise in the “bananna belt” of Oregon. Septic and water well approvable. Badguy 
Yes, the Midwest is a rust belt… but that may be an advantage! We’re ALREADY poor.. so any hard economic times will only be “more of the same”. Also, there’s plenty of fresh water, woods and ground that can be cultivated easily. Also, it’s hard to hold riots when the temperature is 20 degress F or below (5 months a year). Also, if an when, the government decides that bringing back manufacturing is a must if a military confrontation with China becomes eminent or to avoid a complete social and political collapse, we still have trained workers the can restart the process. Liz Michael 
In the event of a collapse, you probably want to pick a place or a region which could survive on its own as an independent republic. To me, this means Texas, and any state relatively close to Texas. I am in Arizona, close enough to Texas. In a collapse, illegal immigration may no longer be a problem: no jobs means no immigrants. Phenius Barnham 
Ketchum, Idaho. The rest of Idaho is not all that you’d want. The Ski Folk come and spread smiles. Scott and Smith are headquartered here. The Sawtooth Mountains are some of the prettiest in the world and the populace are friendly and educated. Mountains are always the last to attract military. Yellowstone is not going to go off so relax. The homes are all well built and there ain’t no junk. Crime is non-existant because most people have their own money and the poor always have jobs. MICHAELD 
Northern and North Central Idaho has the advantages of rural life but access to several larger communities in Oregon and Washington, just across the Idaho border in the Panhandle. The Lewiston/Clarkston area at the confluence of the Snake and Clearwater Rivers has a great climate (much warmer than the surrounding higher elevations) and access to any outdoor recreation you can think of. Coeur d’Alene and Post Falls are very close to Spokane. All have great medical facilities. 
Jobs are tough to come by, but self employment is a great option for anyone handy with tools. Lots of retired folk live here and they generally have resources to hire things done for them. Acreages are still cheap, too. BMOC 
I live on South Beach. I can eat pole dancers and foreign tourists. And their children. My tinfoil hat will keep me from sunburn. I live near a pharmacy to supply me my Prozac. In case of riots I can club people on their heads with a Cuban sandwich to defend myself. If things get too bad here I can grab onto an old tire and float myself over to the Bahamas. Life will be OK. 
If you can’t leave your city, then the Urban Survival Guide shows you how to survive during a crisis, and protect yourself and your family. 
David",0
1684,"Fundamentally transforming the, uh, um, whatever...","In Hillary's America, email server scrubs you 
Obama transfers his Nobel Peace Prize to anti-Trump rioters 
Democrats blame Hillary's criminal e-mail server for her loss, demand it face prison 
Afraid of ""dangerous"" Trump presidency, protesters pre-emptively burn America down to the ground 
Clinton Foundation in foreclosure as foreign donors demand refunds 
Hillary Clinton blames YouTube video for unexpected and spontaneous voter uprising that prevented her inevitable move into the White House 
Sudden rise in sea levels explained by disproportionately large tears shed by climate scientists in the aftermath of Trump's electoral victory 
FBI director Comey delighted after receiving Nobel Prize for Speed Reading (650,000 emails in one week) 
U.N. deploys troops to American college campuses in order to combat staggeringly low rape rates 
Responding to Trump's surging poll numbers, Obama preemptively pardons himself for treason 
Following hurricane Matthew's failure to devastate Florida, activists flock to the Sunshine State and destroy Trump signs manually 
Tim Kaine takes credit for interrupting hurricane Matthew while debating weather in Florida 
Study: Many non-voters still undecided on how they're not going to vote 
The Evolution of Dissent: on November 8th the nation is to decide whether dissent will stop being racist and become sexist - or it will once again be patriotic as it was for 8 years under George W. Bush 
Venezuela solves starvation problem by making it mandatory to buy food 
Breaking: the Clinton Foundation set to investigate the FBI 
Obama ​​captures rare Pokémon ​​while visiting Hiroshima 
Movie news: 'The Big Friendly Giant Government' flops at box office; audiences say ""It's creepy"" 
Barack Obama: ""If I had a son, he'd look like Micah Johnson"" 
White House edits Orlando 911 transcript to say shooter pledged allegiance to NRA and Republican Party 
President George Washington: 'Redcoats do not represent British Empire; King George promotes a distorted version of British colonialism' 
Following Obama's 'Okie-Doke' speech , stock of Okie-Doke soars; NASDAQ: 'Obama best Okie-Doke salesman' 
Weaponized baby formula threatens Planned Parenthood office; ACLU demands federal investigation of Gerber 
Experts: melting Antarctic glacier could cause sale levels to rise up to 80% off select items by this weekend 
Travel advisory: airlines now offering flights to front of TSA line 
As Obama instructs his administration to get ready for presidential transition, Trump preemptively purchases 'T' keys for White House keyboards 
John Kasich self-identifies as GOP primary winner, demands access to White House bathroom 
Upcoming Trump/Kelly interview on FoxNews sponsored by 'Let's Make a Deal' and 'The Price is Right' 
News from 2017: once the evacuation of Lena Dunham and 90% of other Hollywood celebrities to Canada is confirmed, Trump resigns from presidency: ""My work here is done"" 
Non-presidential candidate Paul Ryan pledges not to run for president in new non-presidential non-ad campaign 
Trump suggests creating 'Muslim database'; Obama symbolically protests by shredding White House guest logs beginning 2009 
National Enquirer: John Kasich's real dad was the milkman, not mailman 
National Enquirer: Bound delegates from Colorado, Wyoming found in Ted Cruz’s basement 
Iran breaks its pinky-swear promise not to support terrorism; US State Department vows rock-paper-scissors strategic response 
Women across the country cheer as racist Democrat president on $20 bill is replaced by black pro-gun Republican 
Federal Reserve solves budget crisis by writing itself a 20-trillion-dollar check 
Widows, orphans claim responsibility for Brussels airport bombing 
Che Guevara's son hopes Cuba's communism will rub off on US, proposes a long list of people the government should execute first 
Susan Sarandon: ""I don't vote with my vagina."" Voters in line behind her still suspicious, use hand sanitizer 
Campaign memo typo causes Hillary to court 'New Black Panties' vote 
New Hampshire votes for socialist Sanders, changes state motto to ""Live FOR Free or Die"" 
Martin O'Malley drops out of race after Iowa Caucus; nation shocked with revelation he has been running for president 
Statisticians: one out of three Bernie Sanders supporters is just as dumb as the other two 
Hillary campaign denies accusations of smoking-gun evidence in her emails, claims they contain only smoking-circumstantial-gun evidence 
Obama stops short of firing US Congress upon realizing the difficulty of assembling another group of such tractable yes-men 
In effort to contol wild passions for violent jihad, White House urges gun owners to keep their firearms covered in gun burkas 
TV horror live: A Charlie Brown Christmas gets shot up on air by Mohammed cartoons 
Democrats vow to burn the country down over Ted Cruz statement, 'The overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats' 
Russia's trend to sign bombs dropped on ISIS with ""This is for Paris"" found response in Obama administration's trend to sign American bombs with ""Return to sender"" 
University researchers of cultural appropriation quit upon discovery that their research is appropriation from a culture that created universities 
Archeologists discover remains of what Barack Obama has described as unprecedented, un-American, and not-who-we-are immigration screening process in Ellis Island 
Mizzou protests lead to declaring entire state a ""safe space,"" changing Missouri motto to ""The don't show me state"" 
Green energy fact: if we put all green energy subsidies together in one-dollar bills and burn them, we could generate more electricity than has been produced by subsidized green energy 
State officials improve chances of healthcare payouts by replacing ObamaCare with state lottery 
NASA's new mission to search for racism, sexism, and economic inequality in deep space suffers from race, gender, and class power struggles over multibillion-dollar budget 
College progress enforcement squads issue schematic humor charts so students know if a joke may be spontaneously laughed at or if regulations require other action 
ISIS opens suicide hotline for US teens depressed by climate change and other progressive doomsday scenarios 
Virginia county to close schools after teacher asks students to write 'death to America' in Arabic 
'Wear hijab to school day' ends with spontaneous female circumcision and stoning of a classmate during lunch break 
ISIS releases new, even more barbaric video in an effort to regain mantle from Planned Parenthood 
Impressed by Fox News stellar rating during GOP debates, CNN to use same formula on Democrat candidates asking tough, pointed questions about Republicans 
Shocking new book explores pros and cons of socialism, discovers they are same people 
Pope outraged by Planned Parenthood's ""unfettered capitalism,"" demands equal redistribution of baby parts to each according to his need 
John Kerry accepts Iran's ""Golden Taquiyya"" award, requests jalapenos on the side 
Citizens of Pluto protest US government's surveillance of their planetoid and its moons with New Horizons space drone 
John Kerry proposes 3-day waiting period for all terrorist nations trying to acquire nuclear weapons 
Chicago Police trying to identify flag that caused nine murders and 53 injuries in the city this past weekend 
Cuba opens to affordable medical tourism for Americans who can't afford Obamacare deductibles 
State-funded research proves existence of Quantum Aggression Particles (Heterons) in Large Hadron Collider 
Student job opportunities: make big bucks this summer as Hillary’s Ordinary-American; all expenses paid, travel, free acting lessons 
Experts debate whether Iranian negotiators broke John Kerry's leg or he did it himself to get out of negotiations 
Junior Varsity takes Ramadi, advances to quarterfinals 
US media to GOP pool of candidates: 'Knowing what we know now, would you have had anything to do with the founding of the United States?' 
NY Mayor to hold peace talks with rats, apologize for previous Mayor's cowboy diplomacy 
China launches cube-shaped space object with a message to aliens: ""The inhabitants of Earth will steal your intellectual property, copy it, manufacture it in sweatshops with slave labor, and sell it back to you at ridiculously low prices"" 
Progressive scientists: Truth is a variable deduced by subtracting 'what is' from 'what ought to be' 
Experts agree: Hillary Clinton best candidate to lessen percentage of Americans in top 1% 
America's attempts at peace talks with the White House continue to be met with lies, stalling tactics, and bad faith 
Starbucks new policy to talk race with customers prompts new hashtag #DontHoldUpTheLine 
Hillary: DELETE is the new RESET 
Charlie Hebdo receives Islamophobe 2015 award ; the cartoonists could not be reached for comment due to their inexplicable, illogical deaths 
Russia sends 'reset' button back to Hillary: 'You need it now more than we do' 
Barack Obama finds out from CNN that Hillary Clinton spent four years being his Secretary of State 
President Obama honors Leonard Nimoy by taking selfie in front of Starship Enterprise 
Police: If Obama had a convenience store, it would look like Obama Express Food Market 
Study finds stunning lack of racial, gender, and economic diversity among middle-class white males 
NASA: We're 80% sure about being 20% sure about being 17% sure about being 38% sure about 2014 being the hottest year on record 
People holding '$15 an Hour Now' posters sue Democratic party demanding raise to $15 an hour for rendered professional protesting services 
Cuba-US normalization: US tourists flock to see Cuba before it looks like the US and Cubans flock to see the US before it looks like Cuba 
White House describes attacks on Sony Pictures as 'spontaneous hacking in response to offensive video mocking Juche and its prophet' 
CIA responds to Democrat calls for transparency by releasing the director's cut of The Making Of Obama's Birth Certificate 
Obama: 'If I had a city, it would look like Ferguson' 
Biden: 'If I had a Ferguson (hic), it would look like a city' 
Obama signs executive order renaming 'looters' to 'undocumented shoppers' 
Ethicists agree: two wrongs do make a right so long as Bush did it first 
The aftermath of the 'War on Women 2014' finds a new 'Lost Generation' of disillusioned Democrat politicians, unable to cope with life out of office 
White House: Republican takeover of the Senate is a clear mandate from the American people for President Obama to rule by executive orders 
Nurse Kaci Hickox angrily tells reporters that she won't change her clocks for daylight savings time 
Democratic Party leaders in panic after recent poll shows most Democratic voters think 'midterm' is when to end pregnancy 
Desperate Democratic candidates plead with Obama to stop backing them and instead support their GOP opponents 
Ebola Czar issues five-year plan with mandatory quotas of Ebola infections per each state based on voting preferences 
Study: crony capitalism is to the free market what the Westboro Baptist Church is to Christianity 
Fun facts about world languages: the Left has more words for statism than the Eskimos have for snow 
African countries to ban all flights from the United States because ""Obama is incompetent, it scares us"" 
Nobel Peace Prize controversy: Hillary not nominated despite having done even less than Obama to deserve it 
Obama: 'Ebola is the JV of viruses' 
BREAKING: Secret Service foils Secret Service plot to protect Obama 
Revised 1st Amendment: buy one speech, get the second free 
Sharpton calls on white NFL players to beat their women in the interests of racial fairness 
President Obama appoints his weekly approval poll as new national security adviser 
Obama wags pen and phone at Putin; Europe offers support with powerful pens and phones from NATO members 
White House pledges to embarrass ISIS back to the Stone Age with a barrage of fearsome Twitter messages and fatally ironic Instagram photos 
Obama to fight ISIS with new federal Terrorist Regulatory Agency 
Obama vows ISIS will never raise their flag over the eighteenth hole 
Harry Reid: ""Sometimes I say the wong thing"" 
Elian Gonzalez wishes he had come to the U.S. on a bus from Central America like all the other kids 
Obama visits US-Mexican border, calls for a two-state solution 
Obama draws ""blue line"" in Iraq after Putin took away his red crayon 
""Hard Choices,"" a porno flick loosely based on Hillary Clinton's memoir and starring Hillary Hellfire as a drinking, whoring Secretary of State, wildly outsells the flabby, sagging original 
Accusations of siding with the enemy leave Sgt. Bergdahl with only two options: pursue a doctorate at Berkley or become a Senator from Massachusetts 
Jay Carney stuck in line behind Eric Shinseki to leave the White House; estimated wait time from 15 min to 6 weeks 
100% of scientists agree that if man-made global warming were real, ""the last people we'd want to help us is the Obama administration"" 
Jay Carney says he found out that Obama found out that he found out that Obama found out that he found out about the latest Obama administration scandal on the news 
""Anarchy Now!"" meeting turns into riot over points of order, bylaws, and whether or not 'kicking the #^@&*! ass' of the person trying to speak is or is not violence 
Obama retaliates against Putin by prohibiting unionized federal employees from dating hot Russian girls online during work hours 
Russian separatists in Ukraine riot over an offensive YouTube video showing the toppling of Lenin statues 
""Free Speech Zones"" confuse Obamaphone owners who roam streets in search of additional air minutes 
Obamacare bolsters employment for professionals with skills to convert meth back into sudafed 
Gloves finally off: Obama uses pen and phone to cancel Putin's Netflix account 
Joe Biden to Russia: ""We will bury you by turning more of Eastern Europe over to your control!"" 
In last-ditch effort to help Ukraine, Obama deploys Rev. Sharpton and Rev. Jackson's Rainbow Coalition to Crimea 
Al Sharpton: ""Not even Putin can withstand our signature chanting, 'racist, sexist, anti-gay, Russian army go away'!"" 
Mardi Gras in North Korea: "" Throw me some food! "" 
Obama's foreign policy works: ""War, invasion, and conquest are signs of weakness; we've got Putin right where we want him"" 
US offers military solution to Ukraine crisis: ""We will only fight countries that have LGBT military"" 
Putin annexes Brighton Beach to protect ethnic Russians in Brooklyn, Obama appeals to UN and EU for help 
The 1980s: ""Mr. Obama, we're just calling to ask if you want our foreign policy back . The 1970s are right here with us, and they're wondering, too."" 
In a stunning act of defiance, Obama courageously unfriends Putin on Facebook 
MSNBC: Obama secures alliance with Austro-Hungarian Empire against Russia’s aggression in Ukraine 
Study: springbreak is to STDs what April 15th is to accountants 
Efforts to achieve moisture justice for California thwarted by unfair redistribution of snow in America 
North Korean voters unanimous: ""We are the 100%"" 
Leader of authoritarian gulag-site, The People's Cube, unanimously 're-elected' with 100% voter turnout 
Super Bowl: Obama blames Fox News for Broncos' loss 
Feminist author slams gay marriage: ""a man needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle"" 
Beverly Hills campaign heats up between Henry Waxman and Marianne Williamson over the widening income gap between millionaires and billionaires in their district 
Biden to lower $10,000-a-plate Dinner For The Homeless to $5,000 so more homeless can attend 
Kim becomes world leader, feeds uncle to dogs; Obama eats dogs, becomes world leader, America cries uncle 
North Korean leader executes own uncle for talking about Obamacare at family Christmas party 
White House hires part-time schizophrenic Mandela sign interpreter to help sell Obamacare 
Kim Jong Un executes own "" crazy uncle "" to keep him from ruining another family Christmas 
OFA admits its advice for area activists to give Obamacare Talk at shooting ranges was a bad idea 
President resolves Obamacare debacle with executive order declaring all Americans equally healthy 
Obama to Iran: ""If you like your nuclear program, you can keep your nuclear program"" 
Bovine community outraged by flatulence coming from Washington DC 
Obama: ""I'm not particularly ideological; I believe in a good pragmatic five-year plan"" 
Shocker: Obama had no knowledge he'd been reelected until he read about it in the local newspaper last week 
Server problems at HealthCare.gov so bad, it now flashes 'Error 808' message 
NSA marks National Best Friend Day with official announcement: ""Government is your best friend; we know you like no one else, we're always there, we're always willing to listen"" 
Al Qaeda cancels attack on USA citing launch of Obamacare as devastating enough 
The President's latest talking point on Obamacare: ""I didn't build that"" 
Dizzy with success, Obama renames his wildly popular healthcare mandate to HillaryCare 
Carney: huge ObamaCare deductibles won't look as bad come hyperinflation 
Washington Redskins drop 'Washington' from their name as offensive to most Americans 
Poll: 83% of Americans favor cowboy diplomacy over rodeo clown diplomacy 
GOVERNMENT WARNING: If you were able to complete ObamaCare form online, it wasn't a legitimate gov't website; you should report online fraud and change all your passwords 
Obama administration gets serious, threatens Syria with ObamaCare 
Obama authorizes the use of Vice President Joe Biden's double-barrel shotgun to fire a couple of blasts at Syria 
Sharpton: ""British royals should have named baby 'Trayvon.' By choosing 'George' they sided with white Hispanic racist Zimmerman"" 
DNC launches 'Carlos Danger' action figure; proceeds to fund a charity helping survivors of the Republican War on Women 
Nancy Pelosi extends abortion rights to the birds and the bees 
Hubble discovers planetary drift to the left 
Obama: 'If I had a daughter-in-law, she would look like Rachael Jeantel' 
FISA court rubberstamps statement denying its portrayal as government's rubber stamp 
Every time ObamaCare gets delayed, a Julia somewhere dies 
GOP to Schumer: 'Force full implementation of ObamaCare before 2014 or Dems will never win another election' 
Obama: 'If I had a son... no, wait, my daughter can now marry a woman!' 
Janet Napolitano: TSA findings reveal that since none of the hijackers were babies, elderly, or Tea Partiers, 9/11 was not an act of terrorism 
News Flash: Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-LA) can see Canada from South Dakota 
Susan Rice: IRS actions against tea parties caused by anti-tax YouTube video that was insulting to their faith 
Drudge Report reduces font to fit all White House scandals onto one page 
Obama: the IRS is a constitutional right, just like the Second Amendment 
White House: top Obama officials using secret email accounts a result of bad IT advice to avoid spam mail from Nigeria 
Jay Carney to critics: 'Pinocchio never said anything inconsistent' 
Obama: If I had a gay son, he'd look like Jason Collins 
Gosnell's office in Benghazi raided by the IRS: mainstream media's worst cover-up challenge to date 
IRS targeting pro-gay-marriage LGBT groups leads to gayest tax revolt in U.S. history 
After Arlington Cemetery rejects offer to bury Boston bomber, Westboro Babtist Church steps up with premium front lawn plot 
Boston: Obama Administration to reclassify marathon bombing as 'sportsplace violence' 
Study: Success has many fathers but failure becomes a government program 
US Media: Can Pope Francis possibly clear up Vatican bureaucracy and banking without blaming the previous administration? 
Michelle Obama praises weekend rampage by Chicago teens as good way to burn calories and stay healthy 
This Passover, Obama urges his subjects to paint lamb's blood above doors in order to avoid the Sequester 
White House to American children: Sequester causes layoffs among hens that lay Easter eggs; union-wage Easter Bunnies to be replaced by Mexican Chupacabras 
Time Mag names Hugo Chavez world's sexiest corpse 
Boy, 8, pretends banana is gun, makes daring escape from school 
Study: Free lunches overpriced, lack nutrition 
Oscars 2013: Michelle Obama announces long-awaited merger of Hollywood and the State 
Joe Salazar defends the right of women to be raped in gun-free environment: 'rapists and rapees should work together to prevent gun violence for the common good' 
Dept. of Health and Human Services eliminates rape by reclassifying assailants as 'undocumented sex partners' 
Kremlin puts out warning not to photoshop Putin riding meteor unless bare-chested 
Deeming football too violent, Obama moves to introduce Super Drone Sundays instead 
Japan offers to extend nuclear umbrella to cover U.S. should America suffer devastating attack on its own defense spending 
Feminists organize one billion women to protest male oppression with one billion lap dances 
Urban community protests Mayor Bloomberg's ban on extra-large pop singers owning assault weapons 
Concerned with mounting death toll, Taliban offers to send peacekeeping advisers to Chicago 
Karl Rove puts an end to Tea Party with new 'Republicans For Democrats' strategy aimed at losing elections 
Answering public skepticism, President Obama authorizes unlimited drone attacks on all skeet targets throughout the country 
Skeet Ulrich denies claims he had been shot by President but considers changing his name to 'Traps' 
White House releases new exciting photos of Obama standing, sitting, looking thoughtful, and even breathing in and out 
New York Times hacked by Chinese government, Paul Krugman's economic policies stolen 
White House: when President shoots skeet, he donates the meat to food banks that feed the middle class 
To prove he is serious, Obama eliminates armed guard protection for President, Vice-President, and their families; establishes Gun-Free Zones around them instead 
State Dept to send 100,000 American college students to China as security for US debt obligations 
Jay Carney: Al Qaeda is on the run, they're just running forward 
President issues executive orders banning cliffs, ceilings, obstructions, statistics, and other notions that prevent us from moving forwards and upward 
Fearing the worst, Obama Administration outlaws the fan to prevent it from being hit by certain objects 
World ends; S&P soars 
Riddle of universe solved; answer not understood 
Meek inherit Earth, can't afford estate taxes 
Greece abandons Euro; accountants find Greece has no Euros anyway 
Wheel finally reinvented; axles to be gradually reinvented in 3rd quarter of 2013 
Bigfoot found in Ohio, mysteriously not voting for Obama 
As Santa's workshop files for bankruptcy, Fed offers bailout in exchange for control of 'naughty and nice' list 
Freak flying pig accident causes bacon to fly off shelves 
Obama: green economy likely to transform America into a leading third world country of the new millennium 
Report: President Obama to visit the United States in the near future 
Obama promises to create thousands more economically neutral jobs 
Modernizing Islam: New York imam proposes to canonize Saul Alinsky as religion's latter day prophet 
Imam Rauf's peaceful solution: 'Move Ground Zero a few blocks away from the mosque and no one gets hurt' 
Study: Obama's threat to burn tax money in Washington 'recruitment bonanza' for Tea Parties 
Study: no Social Security reform will be needed if gov't raises retirement age to at least 814 years 
Obama attends church service, worships self 
Obama proposes national 'Win The Future' lottery; proceeds of new WTF Powerball to finance more gov't spending 
Historical revisionists: ""Hey, you never know"" 
Vice President Biden: criticizing Egypt is un-pharaoh 
Israelis to Egyptian rioters: ""don't damage the pyramids, we will not rebuild"" 
Lake Superior renamed Lake Inferior in spirit of tolerance and inclusiveness 
Al Gore: It's a shame that a family can be torn apart by something as simple as a pack of polar bears 
Michael Moore: As long as there is anyone with money to shake down, this country is not broke 
Obama's teleprompters unionize, demand collective bargaining rights 
Obama calls new taxes 'spending reductions in tax code.' Elsewhere rapists tout 'consent reductions in sexual intercourse' 
Obama's teleprompter unhappy with White House Twitter: ""Too few words"" 
Obama's Regulation Reduction committee finds US Constitution to be expensive outdated framework inefficiently regulating federal gov't 
Taking a page from the Reagan years, Obama announces new era of Perestroika and Glasnost 
Responding to Oslo shootings, Obama declares Christianity ""Religion of Peace,"" praises ""moderate Christians,"" promises to send one into space 
Republicans block Obama's $420 billion program to give American families free charms that ward off economic bad luck 
White House to impose Chimney tax on Santa Claus 
Obama decrees the economy is not soaring as much as previously decreeed 
Conservative think tank introduces children to capitalism with pop-up picture book ""The Road to Smurfdom"" 
Al Gore proposes to combat Global Warming by extracting silver linings from clouds in Earth's atmosphere 
Obama refutes charges of him being unresponsive to people's suffering: ""When you pray to God, do you always hear a response?"" 
Obama regrets the US government didn't provide his mother with free contraceptives when she was in college 
Fluke to Congress: drill, baby, drill! 
Planned Parenthood introduces Frequent Flucker reward card: 'Come again soon!' 
Obama to tornado victims: 'We inherited this weather from the previous administration' 
Obama congratulates Putin on Chicago-style election outcome 
People's Cube gives itself Hero of Socialist Labor medal in recognition of continued expert advice provided to the Obama Administration helping to shape its foreign and domestic policies 
Hamas: Israeli air defense unfair to 99% of our missiles, ""only 1% allowed to reach Israel"" 
Democrat strategist: without government supervision, women would have never evolved into humans 
Voters Without Borders oppose Texas new voter ID law 
Enraged by accusation that they are doing Obama's bidding, media leaders demand instructions from White House on how to respond 
Obama blames previous Olympics for failure to win at this Olympics 
Official: China plans to land on Moon or at least on cheap knockoff thereof 
Koran-Contra: Obama secretly arms Syrian rebels 
Poll: Progressive slogan 'We should be more like Europe' most popular with members of American Nazi Party 
Obama to Evangelicals: Jesus saves, I just spend 
May Day: Anarchists plan, schedule, synchronize, and execute a coordinated campaign against all of the above 
Midwestern farmers hooked on new erotic novel ""50 Shades of Hay"" 
Study: 99% of Liberals give the rest a bad name 
Obama meets with Jewish leaders, proposes deeper circumcisions for the rich 
Historians: Before HOPE & CHANGE there was HEMP & CHOOM at ten bucks a bag 
Cancer once again fails to cure Venezuela of its ""President for Life"" 
Tragic spelling error causes Muslim protesters to burn local boob-tube factory 
Secretary of Energy Steven Chu: due to energy conservation, the light at the end of the tunnel will be switched off 
Obama Administration running food stamps across the border with Mexico in an operation code-named ""Fat And Furious"" 
Pakistan explodes in protest over new Adobe Acrobat update; 17 local acrobats killed 
White House: ""Let them eat statistics"" 
Special Ops: if Benedict Arnold had a son, he would look like Barack Obama",0
1685,"You Probably Have Never Eaten a Real Yam, Here’s Why","by ARIANA MARISOL 
If you have ever been to a grocery store, you have probably mistaken sweet potatoes for yams. Surprisingly, many people have actually never had a real yam before. You can blame incorrect labeling for this mix-up. 
The confusion stems from the names of yams and potatoes being used interchangeably in the U.S. market and in recipes even though sweet potatoes and yams are two distinctly different vegetables. 

The Yam that is Not a Yam It is important to recognize that sweet potatoes are not yams and yams are not sweet potatoes. Although the two are tuberous root vegetables that come from a flowering plant, they are not related and do not have a lot in common. 

A Sweet Potato Sweet potatoes comes from the morning glory family and have many varieties. They are normally elongated with tapered ends and their skin ranges from white and yellow, to purple and brown. The flesh of sweet potatoes ranges from white, yellow, orange, and even orange-red. 
One (200 grams) baked sweet potato is 180 calories and contains 214% vitamin A, 52% vitamin C, 50% manganese, 36% copper, 34% vitamin B6, 29% biotin, 27% potassium, and 26% fiber. 
The two major types of sweet potatoes grown in the U.S. are: 
Soft sweet potatoes: copper skin and orange flesh 
Firm sweet potatoes: golden skin and pale flesh 
These two types of sweet potatoes are cooked differently. Firm sweet potatoes remain hard and slightly waxy after being cooked, while its softer variety becomes creamy and soft when cooked. 

A Real Yam Native to Africa and Asia, yams are related to lilies, and range in size from as small as potatoes to as big as 5 feet long. Yams are cylindrical shaped with blackish or brown, bark-like skin and white, purple, or reddish flesh. 
Yams have a dry, starchy consistency and are hard to find in the United States because they are mostly imported from Africa. Many local grocery stores do not carry true yams and your best chance of finding them would be at specialty markets. 
A 1-cup serving of yam provides 20% of your daily needs of potassium and copper. Potassium helps produce healthy muscles and energy. Copper helps with the synthesis of collagen, hemoglobin, and melanin. 

What is Labeled as a Yam in Grocery Stores? If real yams are hard to find, why do many grocery stores say that they sell “yams”? Normally, these “yams” are actually sweet potatoes. By knowing this, you will be able to shop smarter and actually find what you are looking for. 
As mentioned above, there are two different types of sweet potatoes found in normal U.S. grocery stores — “soft” sweet potatoes, and “firm” sweet potatoes. The firm variety of the two was introduced to the United States first. When the softer version began to show itself in markets, there was a need to differentiate the two. These softer sweet potatoes slightly resemble yams so they were labeled as such. 

Yam — Soft sweet potato with copper skin and orange flesh. 
Sweet potato — Firm sweet potato with golden skin and light flesh. 
If you want to cook a classic baked sweet potato with crispy skin and fluffy orange flesh, what you should buy will most likely be labeled as a yam. Remember what kind of sweet potato you want when going to the store and be aware of the yam/sweet potato labeling concept. Remember to keep an eye out for different coloration to better identify what you want. 

Ariana Marisol is a contributing staff writer for REALfarmacy.com. She is an avid nature enthusiast, gardener, photographer, writer, hiker, dreamer, and lover of all things sustainable, wild, and free. Ariana strives to bring people closer to their true source, Mother Nature. She is currently finishing her last year at The Evergreen State College getting her undergraduate degree in Sustainable Design and Environmental Science. Follow her adventures on Instagram. 
Photo Credits:",0
1686,Solar Snare: Spend Thousands and Cut Power Bills by $9 a Month - The New York Times,"Does this seem like a red flag? You visit a company’s website, and when you click the “Executive Team” link, up pops “Oops, this page could not be found!” The photograph at the top of the page is of identical brown chairs around a conference table. All the chairs are empty. Maybe the executives at Global Efficient Energy are really shy. If that is the case, the Haggler strongly recommends that they delete the page. It leaves a    impression of a company that describes itself as a “major player in the solar roof marketing since 2011” (Yes, there is either an extraneous or missing word in that description.) Clearly, the Fort   G. E. E. could use some help shaping its public image. Especially because in recent months, more than a few of its customers have contacted the Better Business Bureau with complaints like this one sent to the Haggler: Q. Global Efficient Energy promised to cut our energy bill in half with a solar power system that it would install at our house. The system cost $19, 900, which we would pay off in monthly installments over the course of six or seven years. Once we owned the system outright, the company said, we’d pay next to nothing for energy. That sounded great. But after the company installed solar panels on our roof,   fans in our attic and a bunch of   foam and sealants, our electricity bill barely changed. We saved about $9 a month. I called to vent to the guy who sold us the system, but he had left the company. Now nobody will return my calls or emails. Having read online about other customers with similar problems, I’ve lost all faith in G. E. E. I’d like the system removed and our $19, 900 loan canceled. Can you help? Chad Gregg Forney, Tex. A. Mr. Gregg is right about the negative online chatter about G. E. E. On the website of the Better Business Bureau there are a few dozen complaints from some very   customers. Three choice and recent excerpts: “After having the solar panels for two months we have not seen a decrease but rather an increase in our electric bill,” wrote one. “This experience has been the longest and most frustrating nightmare of our lives. ” “Company has set my financial goals back years,” wrote another. “This was the worst financial decision I ever made in my lifetime,” wrote a third. “They will only communicate with you when they want to sign you up for a sale. After spending $25, 000 I get on average 20 percent saving in electricity. ” Other customers on the B. B. B. site praised the company, and a 2014 Forbes column about home solar power installation companies included some very flattering paragraphs about G. E. E. At the time, the company was in six locations and had plans to open eight more offices, having grown in three years to $40 million in annual revenue from $5 million. What was the secret to G. E. E. ’s success? “It’s all about customers,” Abe Issa, the C. E. O. and founder, told Forbes. “Our sales, installation and customer service personnel are trained to build relationships with customers that will last a lifetime. ” A lifetime! Some of your customers, Mr. Issa, would settle for a few months, if those months included a bit of communication. When the Haggler contacted G. E. E. the chief financial officer of the company, David Noyes, quickly returned the call. He acknowledged that the company’s service had suffered because it had expanded too quickly and that it was in the process of closing offices to focus exclusively on Texas. He also said the company was adding customer service representatives. After studying some details, he concluded that Mr. Gregg was actually doing quite nicely with his system and would do even better through the rest of the summer. And thus commenced an extended negotiation. To Mr. Noyes’s credit, he reached out directly to Mr. Gregg, hoping to demonstrate, with a lot of statistics and technical terms, that the system was a money saver. (Note to readers: Don’t get involved with solar power if you dislike math.) When the Haggler asked for an update in early July, the two sounded far apart. Mr. Noyes had offered to add some solar panels at no charge. Mr. Gregg wanted nothing to do with G. E. E. anymore. This one seemed destined for the bin in the Haggler Cave of Justice marked “Permanent Impasse. ” But on July 22, Mr. Noyes left a message on the Haggler’s voice mail that heralded a breakthrough. “We’re giving him a full credit for his purchase and in fact buying out his loan,” Mr. Noyes said. “We are removing the solar panels and letting him keep the foam insulation. And he’s happy with it. ” When asked what had prompted this turn of events, Mr. Noyes wrote, “Basically, the economics were not working for him. ” The final deal was a little different from the one Mr. Noyes described on that voice mail message. G. E. E. later said it ended up leaving the solar panels on Mr. Gregg’s home. The Haggler assumes that Mr. Gregg is pleased, but certitude here is impossible. It turns out that as part of this arrangement, Mr. Gregg signed a confidentiality agreement. So he stopped answering questions. Others will have to speak now. Has G. E. E. improved its service, as promised? Write and let the Haggler know.",0
1687,Are Voters Safe Going to the Polls?,"This presidential election is both historical and erratic leaving Americans to wonder if they are safe going to the polls. During a recent rally appearance, Donald Trump was rushed off stage fearing that a protestor was a threat. The fear of violence is understandable in lieu of the passion displayed from both sides throughout the campaign. Several states have sought increased law enforcement patrols near voting locations as they prepare to host thousands of voting hopefuls.
Recently, U.S. intelligence sources warned that Al-Qaeda might be preparing for potential terrorist attacks in states such as Virginia, Texas, and New York due to the Islamic State’s (ISIS) alleged call for the “slaughter” of U.S. voters on Election Day. The threat was accompanied by demands for Muslims not participate in the democratic process. A seven-page manifesto titled, “The Murtadd Vote,” from the organized militant group read:
May Allah make this year’s U.S. presidential election a dreadful calamity like no other to have struck America throughout its pathetic history.
Murtadd is a renouncer who turned his back on Islam. The essay uses lengthy religious arguments in an attempt to justify the alleged attacks. Reportedly, the credibility of the threat has not been established; however, U.S. authorities are taking the threats seriously. Authorities are reviewing information about the potential interest by al-Qaeda to conduct attacks in the U.S. Supposedly, beyond the general locations, there was no specific information on the possible form or targets of attacks. In light of these threats, should Americans feel safe going to the polls? In a countering statement, the FBI said:
The counterterrorism and homeland security communities remain vigilant and well-postured to defend against attacks here in the United States.
The accuracy of the vote and safety of polling locations continues to be a focus of this political cycle. Despite the claims that some locations are beefing up security, some say they will follow the normal protocol already in place. Turnout is expected to be very high and “things” are being done to make sure voters and poll workers are safe. Amid the most contentious presidential election cycle in modern U.S. history, it appears that fears continue to revolve around the potential for violence at the polls. 
Many voters remain baffled that the country has come to this point with the two primary candidates. Will they vote for the non-politician whose controversial actions have led to many leaders within his own party to refuse their support of him? Or will they opt for the Democratic insider who bears the weight of Benghazi and has battled a potential indictment over a huge email scandal? This is a massively disappointing circumstance and a definite concern for many Americans and onlookers around the world.
The dislike of both candidates coupled with new threats surrounding the polls have voters questioning their safety. Many first-time voters struggle with the unusual nature of this election season. When questioned, although some were still undecided, they definitely planned to submit their ballot. One first year voter said:
To not vote at all is a waste. It is a waste of the right to be a part of our democracy, and it is tantamount to saying you would rather hide and deal with the consequences of others’ decisions than to be actively involved yourself.
Are Americans safe going to the polls? With ongoing concerns about the safety of voters due to the heated election season, some polling places are taking extra measures to ensure safety while voting. There is always some concern about what could occur at a polling location, however, with this election, everyone is expecting record turnout with voters . Several states will respond to the fear of intimidation and alleged threats by increasing security and initiating an “all hands on deck” mentality. It is the hope of officials, that this will not hinder the voting process. Remember polls open at 7 a.m. and close at 8 p.m tomorrow.
By Cherese Jackson (Virginia) 
Sources:
Zero Hedge : ISIS Calls For “Slaughter Of Americans” On Election Day
NBC Universal: Are San Diego’s Polling Places Safe?
21 Harrisburg: Safety and security top priority at the polls
Photo Credits:
Top Image Courtesy of Stephen Venkman – Flickr License
Inline Image Courtesy of BU Interactive News – Flickr License
Featured Image Courtesy of Maryland GovPics – Flickr License    isis , spot , Terrorism , vote , Voting",0
1688,NBC to Broadcast 2018 Olympics Live in All Time Zones - The New York Times,"When the Olympics are held in Pyeongchang, South Korea, in 2018, NBC will be broadcasting the Winter Games live across all time zones for the first time, the network announced on Tuesday. The move addresses the   number of people who have instant access to results and events through social media and internet streams, including NBC’s own live coverage online. “That means social media won’t be ahead of the action in any time zone, and as a result, none of our viewers will have to wait for anything,” Jim Bell, president for NBC Olympics production and programming, said in a statement. “This is exciting news for the audience, the advertisers and our affiliates alike. ” On most nights, in addition to morning and afternoon coverage,   broadcasting will still begin at 8 p. m. Eastern. That coverage will be followed, coast to coast, by local news and a variant of the broadcast the network will call “Prime Time Plus”  —   a nod to the West Coast audience  —   rather than declare it a   slot. With many major events taking place in the morning on the East Coast, which is 13 hours behind Pyeongchang, sports such as figure skating and snowboarding will air in prime time. NBC’s delayed broadcasts during past Games were the subject of some criticism as digital audiences grew. Previously, viewers in the Pacific and Mountain time zones would receive events on a   or   delay so that they fell within each region’s   slot. Viewership figures, however, highlighted the shrinking interest in the television broadcast of the Olympics. For the 2016 Games in Rio de Janeiro, TV audience figures averaged 25. 4 million over 17 nights, a decrease of 18 percent from the 2012 London Games. Online viewership, the network said at the time, increased 29 percent for the Rio Games compared with 2012. In deals in 2011 and 2014, NBCUniversal’s parent company, Comcast, bought exclusive broadcast and digital rights to the Olympics through 2032 for about $12 billion. Last month, the network announced that the   Bob Costas would be replaced by Mike Tirico, who will be the   program host during the 2018 Games. The opening ceremony in Pyeongchang will be held Feb. 9, and the event will run through Feb. 25.",0
1689,Duterte Still Spiking US on Asian Political Tour,"Duterte Still Spiking US on Asian Political Tour October 26, 2016 Duterte Still Spiking US on Asian Political Tour 
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte sought to assure Japan on Wednesday that his high-profile visit to China last week was about economics, not security, and vowed to stand on Tokyo's side over the disputed South China Sea when the time came, even though Duterte reiterated his harsh words for long-time ally Washington, saying he might end defense treaties. The volatile Philippine leader's visit to Japan comes amid jitters about his foreign policy goals This follows weeks of verbal attacks on ally the United States and overtures toward China. Duterte last week announced in China his ""separation"" from the United States He later insisted ties were not being severed and that he was merely pursuing an independent foreign policy. His perplexing comments pose a headache for Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who has tightened ties with Washington while building closer security relations with Manila and other Southeast Asian countries as a counter-weight to a rising China. 
""You know I went to China for a visit. And I would like to assure you that all there was, was economics. We did not talk about arms. We avoided talking about alliances,"" he told an audience of Japanese businessmen. 
(TOKYO) - Duterte, speaking through a Japanese interpreter at the start of his talks with Abe, later said he would stand on Japan's side in the contentious matter of the South China Sea. 
Describing Japan as a ""special friend who is closer than a brother"", Duterte said after the meeting that Manila would work closely with Japan on regional issues of common concern and uphold the values of democracy, the rule of law and peaceful settlement of disputes including the South China Sea. 
Reading from a statement, he added: ""Today we have taken steps to ensure that our ties remain vibrant and will gain greater strength in the years to come."" 
INDEPENDENT FOREIGN POLICY 
Both Tokyo and Washington have grown worried that the commitment under Duterte's predecessor, Benigno Aquino, to stand up to China in the South China Sea is under threat, although Japan has no direct territorial row with Beijing there. 
Japan has a separate dispute with China over tiny, uninhabited isles in the East China Sea, and has been keen to stress the importance of the rule of law. 
Abe, for his part, said he welcomed Duterte's efforts to improve Manila's ties with Beijing and - noting the South China Sea issue was one of international interest - said the two leaders had agreed on the importance of settling maritime disputes peacefully. 
Aquino angered China by lodging a case with an arbitration court in the Hague challenging the legitimacy of Beijing's maritime claims in the resource-rich sea. The court's ruling in July emphatically favored Manila but was rejected by China, which has warned Washington and Tokyo to stay out of the feud. 
Duterte earlier told an audience of Japanese business executives he did not pick quarrels with his neighbors, but had tough words for Washington. 
""I have declared that I will pursue an independent foreign policy. I want, maybe in the next two years, my country free of the presence of foreign military troops. I want them out,"" he said. 
""And if I have to revise or abrogate agreements, executive agreements, this shall be the last maneuver, war games between the United States and the Philippines military."" 
China claims almost the entire South China Sea, through which about $5 trillion worth of trade passes every year. Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam also have claims on the sea, believed to have rich oil and gas deposits. 
Duterte has threatened to abrogate defense agreements with the United States several times but has yet to take any concrete action beyond cancelling some minor navy patrol exercises. 
In a pattern already becoming familiar, Duterte's foreign minister, Perfecto Yasay, tried to soothe concerns raised by the president's remarks. He told a news conference that Manila would respect treaty obligations as long as mutual interests converged. 
Japan and the Philippines also signed notes on two yen loan projects worth up to 21.4 billion yen ($205 million), including one to build two patrol boats for the Philippine Coast Guard to boost its capacity for search and rescue and law enforcement. 
Reuters contribution by Kiyoshi Takenaka and Linda Sieg ; Additional reporting by Enrico Dela Cruz and Manolo Serapio Jr in MANILA and Elaine Lies and Minami Funakoshi in Tokyo; Writing by Martin Petty and Linda Sieg; Editing by Michael Perry and Nick Macfie) Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE!  ",0
1690,"Condemning ‘Fake News,’ but Running Fake-News Ads - The New York Times","If you are a close observer of The New York Times, as Alison Harvey is, you might have noticed a headline about Megyn Kelly, the Fox News anchor. It suggested that she had died, at age 45, leaving us without “America’s favorite news reporter. ” This wasn’t a news story written by a Times reporter. And it isn’t true: Kelly is alive and prosperous, exceptionally so. But it has appeared, with some regularity, on the Times website, as an advertisement pretending to be a news story. In other words, it’s fake news, or at least a version of it. Harvey, a Times reader from Reno, Nev. has been noticing the ad awhile now, and wrote me this week to complain. “This ad, or ‘clickbait,’ keeps popping up on various New York Times pages online,” she said. “This is unacceptable. Please stop these ads, which frankly make me feel like the NY Times is no better an outlet than the horrifying Facebook feeds with all of their fake news clickbait items. ” How could such fraudulent content wind up on the Times website? Through something called programmatic advertising, which essentially means that computers and algorithms conduct the transactions between advertisers and publishers rather than people. It’s machine to machine, like a stock market matching buyers with sellers. Both The Times’s newsroom and its advertising department have rules that forbid false, misleading or otherwise worrisome ads from appearing on the site. But it is difficult to apply those rules when computers are serving up the ads automatically, without a sales rep on the other end of the transaction screening out the misfits. Sebastian Tomich, a senior vice president in advertising, says The Times works aggressively to squash ads like the one that made the false Megyn Kelly claim. But the nature of the mechanized system means that most of the policing is done after the fact  —   once the ad has already appeared. Thus, the Kelly ad has now been reported and taken down. Tomich says another ad that fell into the same category was also removed recently. Tomich says The Times has one of the cleanest ad experiences in the publishing business. I agree. Relative to the size of the site and the volume of advertising, The Times doesn’t have many ads that tout the premature demise of newscasters or make false claims about   remedies. Still, when fraudulent ads do pop up they’re jarring, and that’s especially true now that the firing squads are out trying to punish those responsible for publishing “fake news” during the election. Facebook and Google are the prime targets, because critics say they recklessly let their platforms be used by the scammers who create fake news. Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg, hoping to hose down the fire, says his company is taking steps to curtail the flow of fabricated content onto its users’ newsfeeds. In an editorial this week, The Times piled on, warning Facebook that its proposed changes don’t go far enough and warning of the danger that awaits if Zuckerberg “continues to let liars and con artists hijack his platform. ” As measured by sheer impact, there is no comparison between a handful of   ads on the Times website and an endless gush of fake news stories that get shared by millions on Facebook. One is a brook, the other is an ocean. But there are similarities too. Both organizations find themselves in the position of unwittingly publishing fake content that misleads and annoys readers, and that can diminish a brand.   ads like the Megyn Kelly one may not be rampant at The Times, but it’s still worth taking a good look at whether The Times is really doing everything it can to eliminate them. That’s particularly true at a moment when fake news is such a flash point, and when The Times is dispensing advice to another publisher on how to solve its problems.",0
1691,“It’s Only a Car!”,"Email 
“Yes, I listen when I first wake up, maybe while getting the children ready for school; sometimes in the car too.” They’re talking about radio. Radio was supposed to become a marginal medium, surpassed first by TV and then, surviving that, it would be buried by the internet. Yet radio is still with us. More than surviving, radio has introduced new ways of speaking, conversing and telling stories. A whole new sound has been created for example by Atlantic Public Media ( www.atlantic.org ). Meanwhile some traditions continue. 
Except that my very favorite radio show for almost three decades fits no tradition:—it’s part comedy, part advice column, part phone call-ins. (Listener call-ins gave radio a tremendous boost in the 1960s.) 
I continue to be a radio addict. As a critic of government policies, an aficionado of literary readings, and a producer of “RadioTahrir” ( www.RadioTahrir.org ) for 23 years on the avant-garde and activist Pacifica Network ( www.Pacifica.org ) you’d expect my favorite to be a show related to political or literary enterprise. Actually, the program I listen to most faithfully is one that’s impossibly dissimilar. It’s CarTalk . This, though I’m not even a car enthusiast. 
CarTalk is a hilarious, practical advice call-in show. It originated in Boston 30 plus years ago by two feisty Italian brothers Tom and Ray Magliozzi, both garage mechanics (the do-it-yourself-sort; but to figure out their degree qualifications see www.cartalk.com/content/tom-and-rays-bios-photos-2), a perfectly paired team with a shared irrepressible sense of humor. 
Think about it. How often while listening to a non-comedy radio broadcast do you find yourself chuckling? Not only this: these hosts engage in banter and howls of laughter while dispensing serious counsel –all having to do with cars! Threaded though the humor is lots of useful (and reliable) car advice. (They really have to be good because of safety liability, the reputations both of cars they discuss and garage mechanics their guests already consulted.) The stimulus for Tom’s and Ray’s comments are calls from listeners challenging the brothers with simple, complex and silly car problems: mechanical problems, disputes with their local mechanic, family predicaments around co-ownership, repair costs, holiday motoring anxieties, and inheritance problems (cars often pass from parents to children). The issues are actual problems which cars, especially older models, experience. And Americans keep their cars for a long time. 
CarTalk , in my view, is the most engaging program on US radio, on radio anywhere. A weekly one hour show, it’s been airing every Saturday morning as long as I can remember. With the passing of Tom the older member of the team in 2014, the live broadcast ended. Today the program continues as The Best of Car Talk , edited from their archives. Meanwhile www.cartalk.com carries a full show, highlighted moments of fun (or guidance), automotive news, and abundant free car advice. 
Part of the success of the program, in addition to the spirited character and compatibility of the brothers, lies what cars symbolize in American history and culture. People grow very fond of their cars and are reluctant to part with them, thus the need for repairs to keep them functioning well past their dump-yard date. (We think we can fix our car ourselves—with a little advice.) An owner feels proud that her car’s odometer registers 200,000 miles, or if it approaches 170,000 (as my 1985 Toyota did) we’re determined to keep it running (as I did), whatever the cost, until it cracks 200,000. No car owner likes to spend money on repairs either, so Tom and Ray’s advice mustn’t require a lot of expense. Then there are the mechanical mysteries that emit from a car: you know, those rattles under the hood or the scraping below the passenger seat. So we turn to CarTalk to address our doubts or after our own local mechanic hasn’t performed a cure for our ailing 1968 Chevy pickup, or our limping 1992 Honda Civic.. 
The brothers seem to know every car model ever made, from 1950s vintage Fords to the latest Swedish, Chinese and Indian brands. After IDing their location a caller starts with: “I have a 1978 Volkswagen bus whose windshield wipers don’t work…..”, or “I and my husband are going to take cross country trip with our 3 dogs, two rabbits and a parrot; we can’t pay more than $3000. and plan to dump the vehicle once we arrive; what should we buy?” Tom and Ray try to diagnose the issue and dispense advice, injecting guidance with abundant hilarity, while never, never reproaching or ridiculing a caller. The hour is upbeat, always hilarious, and the advice is highly reliable and, it seems, mostly spot-on. 
The personalities of the brothers and the chemistry between them explain much of CarTalk ’s popularity. But this program taps into our American romance with cars and our attachment to these celebrities of manufacturing history. Cars enjoy an unparalleled place in American life. Desoto, Mustang, Studebaker, Roadster, Impala:– these names are deeply embedded in the American lexicon. Each represents an image fixed in our memory, in the brains even of young people born long after a model ceased being manufactured. Cars represent key points in millions of Americans’ lives, in the latter 20 th century if not now. Famous songs eulogize cars; cars are the subject of poems; “Motown” is the trope for Detroit city, center of auto manufacturing for decades, and the music genre that emerged there. 
A driving license, not a pair of Nike trainers or the latest iphone edition, was and still is for many, the primary goal of a US teenager. We started saving for our first car even before we had our driver’s license; cars compete with sports to occupy 90% of young men’s conversations. We concocted quiz games about cars and car models. There is an entire industry in the U.S. devoted to auto museums, small scale car models, and road functional antique cars. Cars parked in residential driveways are part of American architecture. In my town, I recognize my neighbor by the color and model of their passing car. We can usually gauge a person’s income by the model of their car. 
Whatever the caller’s car model, one of the brother’s recognizes it—1972 El-Camino, 1959 Ford Torino, 1990 Dodge Viper, 1980 Desoto Adventurer, or 1966 Volkswagen bus. (Most callers seek advice for only 20 plus year-old vehicles.) These radio hosts seem to know any car’s mechanics and particularities that could cause problems. Instead of saying “Take it to the junk yard; it’s past 250,000 miles”, they do their utmost to help extend its life. They treat the car like it’s a family pet. Only occasionally Tom would advise an owner—“It’s only a car!”",0
1692,Ученые подготовили к производству 100-процентный мужской контрацептив,"1 комментариев 0 поделились Фото: Fotodom.ru/DP 
В основе разработанного препарата - прогестерон длительного действия, гормон, который при введении в организм мужчины, воздействует на функции гипофиза в мозгу, снижая выработку сперматозоидов. 
Испытания препарата проводились в течение года. Испытуемые получали инъекции каждые два месяца. Всего за 24 недели количество сперматозоидов сократилось до одного миллиона на миллилитр и даже меньше. 96% пар, принимавших участие в тестировании препарата, не столкнулись с нежелательной беременностью, и лишь у четырех партнерш было зафиксировано зачатие. 
После завершения испытаний, почти три четверти добровольцев, принимавших участие в эксперименте, заявили о своем желании продолжить прием препарата. И это понятно: как подчеркивают ученые, на фармацевтическом рынке сегодня ощущается острая нехватка контрацептивов для мужчин, в то время как женские контрацептивы представлены в широком ассортименте. 
Однако не все так радужно: препарат имеет побочные эффекты. Среди них - депрессия, общее ухудшение настроения, мышечные боли, высыпания на лице. Дело даже дошло до судебного разбирательства. 
Но есть и эффект, который можно назвать положительным, ведь препарат повышает мужское либидо. 
Так что, на прилавки аптек этот препарат попадет еще не скоро. Как говорят ученые, из-за побочных эффектов рано говорить о коммерческой перспективе препарата. 
Как же решается вопрос контрацепции в России? 
По словам акушера-гинеколога , кандидата медицинских наук Бориса Лордкипанидзе, более 50 процентов населения в РФ использует технику прерванного полового акта . Она абсолютно ненадежна. Но на нее полагаются больше, чем на то, чтобы один раз обратиться к врачу, обсудить наиболее подходящий метод контрацепции и воспользоваться рекомендациями, будь то внутриматочная спираль, будь то оральная контрацепция, или инъекционная контрацепция, которая является пролонгированной. 
""Можно делать раз в три месяца один укол и последующие три месяца жить совершенно спокойно, не беспокоясь о беременности. Можно использовать внутриматочную спираль, которая устанавливается на пять лет, и просто периодически наблюдаться у гинеколога. Установка спирали является бесплатной. Все, что нужно от пациентки, - это чтобы она купила эту спираль и обратилась в женскую консультацию, где ей эту спираль установят бесплатно. 
Но, к сожалению, у нас полагаются на русское ""авось"": ""Меня пронесет, ничего страшного"". Потом, конечно же, эти люди идут к врачу с целью прервать беременность. Таков у нас основной источник абортов"", - отметил врач в комментарии Pravda.Ru. 
Читайте последние новости Pravda. Ru на сегодня",0
1693,"Ashutosh attempts suicide at protest rally, rescued while proofreading suicide note","Ashutosh attempts suicide at protest rally, rescued while proofreading suicide note Posted on Tweet (Image via shiningindianews.com) 
Delhi police has foiled a suicide attempt by Aam Aadmi Party spokesperson Ashutosh during a protest rally organized by his party. He was apprehended when he and his team were proofreading his suicide note before attempting suicide. 
He was later sent to 14 days judicial custody where he is currently undergoing a refresher course in grammar and spelling. 
The incident happened yesterday when AAP supremo Arvind Kejriwal organized an impromptu protest rally at Jantar Mantar to expose Narendra Modi, but unfortunately no one from the media turned up for the event. Crestfallen, Mr. Kejriwal decided to go back on Twitter and continue his service for his constituency when an idea crossed his mind. He shared the idea with Ashutosh and urged him to commit suicide. 
“But this is not what I was looking forward to when I joined AAP,” retorted Ashutosh. 
“No, you are not going to die. You will just attempt a suicide. We will call media to cover the event. Just imagine, you will be making headlines, you will be trending on Twitter, everyone will be talking about you. It will be so cool!” 
“Ok, you do it then if it’s so cool.” 
“No, I need to oversee the whole event. See, there are two options for you, either do it or find another party.” 
‘‘Which party will take me if I leave AAP?’ he pondered for a while and said, “Ok, let’s do it.” 
“Cool, now write a suicide note and let’s get on with this.” 
“Ok.” 
AAP party workers gathered around Ashutosh as he typed the opening line on Microsoft Word that read, “I holed Modi resoncible for my deth…” 
A crack team of 5 proof readers was formed immediately, who advised him about the correction the sentence demanded. 
He grinned and typed, “ sorry responcible …not resoncible .. ” 
“No, you can just delete the words and…” 
Another 5 proof readers were hired urgently to strengthen the team as he continued to type the letter. 
By the time he completed the letter, the language settings on MS Word had automatically turned into Spanish. 
“Done,” Ashutosh pronounced with a satisfactory smile as he beheld his creation for a few seconds before calling police to inform them about his plan. 
“Sir wait, we haven’t started proofreading yet,” implored one of the newly hired proofreaders. 
“Do you want me to die for real or what?” 
“No but at least the attempt should look genuine and not a hoax.” 
“Don’t worry, I’ve informed Darya Ganj Police Station. By the time they beat the traffic to reach here, we will not only complete the proofreading but will also complete the suicide…attempt.” 
3 proofreaders immediately started to decode the message in the letter in a separate document, another 3 changed the language settings of MS Word, and the rest started deleting the word ‘why’ which he had added at the end of every sentence. But it was too much of an ask for 10 mortals and they couldn’t even rewrite half of the letter when police arrived at the scene. 
Kejriwal tried to cover up the whole mess and handed over the letter to the police inspector, saying, “See, what Modi has done to him! He was about to commit suicide.” 
The inspector held the suicide note in front of him and mumbled, “Oh, Ashutosh. We would need some help here.” 
Experts, including the ones who decoded Nostradamus’s predictions, were flown in from various parts of the world to decipher the message in the letter, however, they haven’t quite succeeded in their endeavor as reports last came in.",0
1694,Explosive Assange/Pilger Interview on US Election: Expect Riots if Hillary Wins,"Other Writers RT : “Whistleblower Julian Assange has given one of his most incendiary interviews ever in a John Pilger Special [released late yesterday] courtesy of Dartmouth Films. Here he summarizes what can be gleaned from the tens of thousands of Clinton emails leaked by WikiLeaks this year.” 
LD : Despite the enormous populist support for Trump and the extraordinary loathing in which Hillary Clinton is held by millions of American, Assange says that “Trump cannot be allowed to win.” 
Trump has already indicated that he will not recognize the result of the election if he loses, given the enormous enthusiasm he has generated during his speeches, compared to the relatively tepid and anaemic response evoked by Hillary Clinton on similar occasions. Recent news reports reveal that “election related violence is increasing and Right-wing armed militia groups are even preparing for unrest if Mrs Clinton ‘steals’ the election, as they fear will happen.” 
If Hillary Clinton wins this election, as Assange predicts, we can expect riots to erupt all across America. Violent insurrection, in the circumstances of a rigged election, would appear to be more than justified. Hillary Clinton clearly belongs behind bars, not in the White House. [LD] John Pilger ( left ) conducted the 25-minute interview at the Ecuadorian Embassy where Assange has been trapped since 2012 for fear of extradition to the US. Here is a transcript of the interview followed by the YouTube interview itself. THE SECRET WORLD OF THE US ELECTION John Pilger: What’s the significance of the FBI’s intervention in these last days of the U.S. election campaign, in the case against Hillary Clinton? 
Julian Assange: If you look at the history of the FBI, it has become effectively America’s political police. The FBI demonstrated this by taking down the former head of the CIA General David Petraeus over classified information given to his mistress. Almost no-one is untouchable. The FBI is always trying to demonstrate that no-one can resist us. But Hillary Clinton very conspicuously resisted the FBI’s investigation, so there’s anger within the FBI because it made the FBI look weak. We’ve published about 33,000 of Clinton’s emails when she was Secretary of State. They come from a batch of just over 60,000 emails, [of which] Clinton has kept about half — 30,000 — to herself, and we’ve published about half. 
Then there are the Podesta emails we’ve been publishing. John Podesta is Hillary Clinton’s primary campaign manager, so there’s a thread that runs through all these emails; there are quite a lot of pay-for-play, as they call it, giving access in exchange for money to states, individuals and corporations. These emails are combined with the cover up of the Hillary Clinton emails when she was Secretary of State, which has led to an environment where the pressure on the FBI increases. 
‘Russian government not the source of Clinton leaks’ 
PILGER : The Clinton campaign has said that Russia is behind all of this, that Russia has manipulated the campaign and is the source for WikiLeaks and its emails. 
ASSANGE : The Clinton camp has been able to project that kind of neo-McCarthy hysteria: that Russia is responsible for everything. Hilary Clinton stated multiple times, falsely, that seventeen U.S. intelligence agencies had assessed that Russia was the source of our publications. That is false; we can say that the Russian government is not the source. 
‘Saudi Arabia & Qatar funding ISIS and Clinton’ 
PILGER : The emails that give evidence of access for money and how Hillary Clinton herself benefited from this and how she is benefitting politically, are quite extraordinary. I’m thinking of when the Qatari representative was given five minutes with Bill Clinton for a million dollar cheque. 
ASSANGE : And twelve million dollars from Morocco … 
PILGER : Twelve million from Morocco, yeah. 
ASSANGE : For Hillary Clinton to attend a party. 
PILGER : In terms of the foreign policy of the United States, that’s where the emails are most revealing, where they show the direct connection between Hillary Clinton and the foundation of jihadism, of ISIL, in the Middle East. Can you talk about how the emails demonstrate the connection between those who are meant to be fighting the jihadists of ISIL, are actually those who have helped create it. 
ASSANGE : There’s an early 2014 email from Hillary Clinton, not so long after she left the State Department, to her campaign manager John Podesta that states ISIL is funded by the governments of Saudi Arabia and Qatar. Now this is the most significant email in the whole collection, and perhaps because Saudi and Qatari money is spread all over the Clinton Foundation. Even the U.S. government agrees that some Saudi figures have been supporting ISIL, or ISIS. But the dodge has always been that, well it’s just some rogue Princes, using their cut of the oil money to do whatever they like, but actually the government disapproves. 
But that email says that no, it is the governments of Saudi and Qatar that have been funding ISIS. 
PILGER : The Saudis, the Qataris, the Moroccans, the Bahrainis, particularly the Saudis and the Qataris, are giving all this money to the Clinton Foundation while Hilary Clinton is Secretary of State and the State Department is approving massive arms sales, particularly to Saudi Arabia. 
ASSANGE : Under Hillary Clinton, the world’s largest ever arms deal was made with Saudi Arabia, worth more than $80 billion. In fact, during her tenure as Secretary of State, total arms exports from the United States in terms of the dollar value, doubled. 
PILGER : Of course the consequence of that is that the notorious terrorist group called ISIl or ISIS is created largely with money from the very people who are giving money to the Clinton Foundation. 
ASSANGE : Yes. 
PILGER : That’s extraordinary. 
‘Clinton has been eaten alive by her ambition’ 
ASSANGE : I actually feel quite sorry for Hillary Clinton as a person because I see someone who is eaten alive by their ambitions, tormented literally to the point where they become sick; they faint as a result of the reaction to their ambitions. She represents a whole network of people and a network of relationships with particular states. The question is how does Hilary Clinton fit in this broader network? She’s a centralising cog. You’ve got a lot of different gears in operation from the big banks like Goldman Sachs and major elements of Wall Street, and Intelligence and people in the State Department and the Saudis. 
She’s the centraliser that inter-connects all these different cogs. She’s the smooth central representation of all that, and ‘all that’ is more or less what is in power now in the United States. It’s what we call the establishment or the DC consensus. One of the more significant Podesta emails that we released was about how the Obama cabinet was formed and how half the Obama cabinet was basically nominated by a representative from City Bank. This is quite amazing. 
PILGER : Didn’t Citybank supply a list… ? 
ASSANGE : Yes. 
PILGER : Which turned out to be most of the Obama cabinet? 
ASSANGE : Yes. 
PILGER : So Wall Street decides the cabinet of the President of the United States? 
ASSANGE : If you were following the Obama campaign back then, closely, you could see it had become very close to banking interests. So I think you can’t properly understand Hillary Clinton’s foreign policy without understanding Saudi Arabia. The connections with Saudi Arabia are so intimate. 
‘Libya is Hillary Clinton’s war’ PILGER : Why was she so demonstrably enthusiastic about the destruction of Libya? Can you talk a little about just what the emails have told us – told you – about what happened there? Because Libya is such a source for so much of the mayhem now in Syria: the ISIL, jihadism, and so on. And it was almost Hillary Clinton’s invasion. What do the emails tell us about that? 
ASSANGE : Libya, more than anyone else’s war, was Hillary Clinton’s war. Barak Obama initially opposed it. Who was the person championing it? Hillary Clinton. That’s documented throughout her emails. She had put her favoured agent, Sidney Blumenthal, on to that; there’s more than 1700 emails out of the thirty three thousand Hillary Clinton emails that we’ve published, just about Libya. It’s not that Libya has cheap oil. She perceived the removal of Gaddafi and the overthrow of the Libyan state — something that she would use in her run-up to the general election for President. 
So in late 2011 there is an internal document called the Libya Tick Tock that was produced for Hillary Clinton, and it’s the chronological description of how she was the central figure in the destruction of the Libyan state, which resulted in around 40,000 deaths within Libya; jihadists moved in, ISIS moved in, leading to the European refugee and migrant crisis. 
Not only did you have people fleeing Libya, people fleeing Syria, the destabilisation of other African countries as a result of arms flows, but the Libyan state itself err was no longer able to control the movement of people through it. Libya faces along to the Mediterranean and had been effectively the cork in the bottle of Africa. So all problems, economic problems and civil war in Africa — previously people fleeing those problems didn’t end up in Europe because Libya policed the Mediterranean. That was said explicitly at the time, back in early 2011 by Gaddafi: ‘What do these Europeans think they’re doing, trying to bomb and destroy the Libyan State? There’s going to be floods of migrants out of Africa and jihadists into Europe, and this is exactly what happened. 
‘Trump won’t be permitted to win’ 
PILGER : You get complaints from people saying, ‘What is WikiLeaks doing? Are they trying to put Trump in the White House?’ 
ASSANGE : My answer is that Trump would not be permitted to win. Why do I say that? Because he’s had every establishment off side; Trump doesn’t have one establishment, maybe with the exception of the Evangelicals, if you can call them an establishment, but banks, intelligence agencies, arms companies… big foreign money … are all united behind Hillary Clinton, and the media as well, media owners and even journalists themselves. 
PILGER : There is the accusation that WikiLeaks is in league with the Russians. Some people say, ‘Well, why doesn’t WikiLeaks investigate and publish emails on Russia?’ 
ASSANGE : We have published about 800,000 documents of various kinds that relate to Russia. Most of those are critical; and a great many books have come out of our publications about Russia, most of which are critical. Our Russia documents have gone on to be used in quite a number of court cases: refugee cases of people fleeing some kind of claimed political persecution in Russia, which they use our documents to back up. 
PILGER : Do you yourself take a view of the U.S. election? Do you have a preference for Clinton or Trump? 
ASSANGE : Let’s talk about Donald Trump. What does he represent in the American mind and in the European mind? He represents American white trash, which Hillary Clinton called ‘deplorable and irredeemable’. It means from an establishment or educated cosmopolitan, urbane perspective, these people are like the red necks, and you can never deal with them. Because he so clearly — through his words and actions and the type of people that turn up at his rallies — represents people who are not the middle, not the upper middle educated class, there is a fear of seeming to be associated in any way with them, a social fear that lowers the class status of anyone who can be accused of somehow assisting Trump in any way, including any criticism of Hillary Clinton. If you look at how the middle class gains its economic and social power, that makes absolute sense. 
‘US attempting to squeeze WikiLeaks through my refugee status’ 
PILGER : I’d like to talk about Ecuador, the small country that has given you refuge and political asylum in this embassy in London. Now Ecuador has cut off the internet from here where we’re doing this interview, in the Embassy, for the clearly obvious reason that they are concerned about appearing to intervene in the U.S. election campaign. Can you talk about why they would take that action and your own views on Ecuador’s support for you? 
ASSANGE : Let’s let go back four years. I made an asylum application to Ecuador in this embassy, because of the U.S. extradition case, and the result was that after a month, I was successful in my asylum application. The embassy since then has been surrounded by police: quite an expensive police operation which the British government admits to spending more than £12.6 million. They admitted that over a year ago. Now there’s undercover police and there are robot surveillance cameras of various kinds — so that there has been quite a serious conflict right here in the heart of London between Ecuador, a country of sixteen million people, and the United Kingdom, and the Americans who have been helping on the side. So that was a brave and principled thing for Ecuador to do. Now we have the U.S. election campaign, the Ecuadorian election is in February next year, and you have the White House feeling the political heat as a result of the true information that we have been publishing. 
WikiLeaks does not publish from the jurisdiction of Ecuador, from this embassy or in the territory of Ecuador; we publish from France, we publish from, from Germany, we publish from The Netherlands and from a number of other countries, so that the attempted squeeze on WikiLeaks is through my refugee status; and this is, this is really intolerable. It means that [they] are trying to get at a publishing organisation; they try and prevent it from publishing true information that is of intense interest to the American people and others about an election. 
PILGER : Tell us what would happen if you walked out of this embassy. 
ASSANGE : I would be immediately arrested by the British police and I would then be extradited either immediately to the United States or to Sweden. In Sweden I am not charged, I have already been previously cleared by the Senior Stockholm Prosecutor Eva Finne. We were not certain exactly what would happen there, but then we know that the Swedish government has refused to say that they will not extradite me to the United States we know they have extradited 100 per cent of people whom the U.S. has requested since at least 2000. So over the last fifteen years, every single person the U.S. has tried to extradite from Sweden has been extradited, and they refuse to provide a guarantee [that won’t happen]. 
PILGER : People often ask me how you cope with the isolation in here. 
ASSANGE : Look, one of the best attributes of human beings is that they’re adaptable; one of the worst attributes of human beings is they are adaptable. They adapt and start to tolerate abuses, they adapt to being involved themselves in abuses, they adapt to adversity and they continue on. So in my situation, frankly, I’m a bit institutionalised — this [the embassy] is the world … it’s visually the world for me. 
PILGER : It’s the world without sunlight, for one thing, isn’t it? 
ASSANGE : It’s the world without sunlight, but I haven’t seen sunlight in so long, I don’t remember it. 
PILGER : Yes. 
ASSANGE : So , yes, you adapt. The one real irritant is that my young children — they also adapt. They adapt to being without their father. That’s a hard, hard adaption which they didn’t ask for. 
PILGER : Do you worry about them? 
ASSANGE : Yes, I worry about them; I worry about their mother. 
‘I am innocent and in arbitrary detention’ 
PILGER : Some people would say, ‘Well, why don’t you end it and simply walk out the door and allow yourself to be extradited to Sweden?’ 
ASSANGE : The U.N. [the United Nations Working Group on Arbitrary Detention] has looked into this whole situation. They spent eighteen months in formal, adversarial litigation. So it’s me and the U.N. verses Sweden and the U.K. Who’s right? The U.N. made a conclusion that I am being arbitrarily detained illegally, deprived of my freedom and that what has occurred has not occurred within the laws that the United Kingdom and Sweden, and that those countries must obey. It is an illegal abuse. It is the United Nations formally asking, ‘What’s going on here? What is your legal explanation for this? Assange says that you should recognise his asylum.’ And here is. 
Sweden formally writing back to the United Nations to say, ‘No, we’re not going to recognise the UN ruling, so leaving open their ability to extradite. 
I just find it absolutely amazing that the narrative about this situation is not put out publically in the press, because it doesn’t suit the Western establishment narrative — that yes, the West has political prisoners, it’s a reality, it’s not just me, there’s a bunch of other people as well. The West has political prisoners. Of course, no state accepts that it should call the people it is imprisoning or detaining for political reasons, political prisoners. They don’t call them political prisoners in China, they don’t call them political prisoners in Azerbaijan and they don’t call them political prisoners in the United States, U.K. or Sweden; it is absolutely intolerable to have that kind of self-perception. 
ASSANGE : Here we have a case, the Swedish case, where I have never been charged with a crime, where I have already been cleared by the Stockholm prosecutor and found to be innocent, where the woman herself said that the police made it up, where the United Nations formally said the whole thing is illegal, where the State of Ecuador also investigated and found that I should be given asylum. Those are the facts, but what is the rhetoric? 
PILGER : Yes, it’s different. 
ASSANGE : The rhetoric is pretending, constantly pretending that I have been charged with a crime, and never mentioning that I have been already previously cleared, never mentioning that the woman herself says that the police made it up. 
The rhetoric is trying to avoid the truth that the U.N. formally found that the whole thing is illegal, never even mentioning that Ecuador made a formal assessment through its formal processes and found that yes, I am subject to persecution by the United States.",0
1695,De Blasio Snubs New York Post Reporter and Calls Paper a ‘Right-Wing Rag’ - The New York Times,"For weeks, Mayor Bill de Blasio has barely disguised his disgust for the coverage of his administration in The New York Post. He has referred to the newspaper as “propaganda” and suggested recently during his weekly radio   show that   New Yorkers would do well to ignore what he called The Post’s “fabricated”   stories. The mayor took his disdain to a new level on Thursday, blatantly and pointedly ignoring the paper’s City Hall bureau chief, Yoav Gonen, during a news conference, and belittling The Post while doing so. The conflict erupted in a petulant exchange, with Mr. Gonen furiously, and futilely, trying to attract the mayor’s attention. Mr. de Blasio, a Democrat, refused to call on him, explaining that he had “no use for a   rag” while excoriating Mr. Gonen for a recent story he did not write. “Mr. Mayor? Mr. Mayor? Mr. Mayor? Over here,” Mr. Gonen said, speaking up in frustration. “You can keep calling all you want,” Mr. de Blasio said. “Are you going to call on me today?” Mr. Gonen asked. “I’m calling on real media outlets, go ahead,” the mayor said, signaling a reporter from The New York Observer. It is nothing new for a mayor of New York to view the city’s press corps with contempt. And some powerful public figures, including Donald J. Trump and Raymond W. Kelly, a former New York police commissioner, have gone further, barring reporters from events altogether. But Mr. de Blasio’s very public and dismissive display was extraordinary in the history of antagonism between City Hall and the press. It reflected an escalation of Mr. de Blasio’s longstanding war with the tabloids, which he and some of his closest aides deemed irrelevant early in his tenure. But political operatives said they saw no purpose in the mayor’s lashing out. “I understand his frustration, but unfortunately losing your temper with the news media gets you nothing but stories about losing your temper,” Karen Hinton, Mr. de Blasio’s former press secretary, said. Her advice: Call on the reporter, answer the question, then move on. George Arzt, a political consultant and former press secretary for Mayor Edward I. Koch who was a reporter and City Hall bureau chief for The Post from 1968 to 1986, noted that Mr. Koch’s chief antagonists were investigative reporters from The Village Voice, namely Wayne Barrett and Jack Newfield. The two would never get interviews, Mr. Arzt said, “but they were allowed to ask questions” during news conferences. “No one that I’ve seen before this has gone after a paper as an institution,” he said. “You can’t say everyone on the paper is against me without making them against you. He’s creating his own problem. ” Last month, Mr. de Blasio characterized as “fabricated stuff” a   Post article suggesting he had made a   appointment at the behest of a donor who has since pleaded guilty to bribery charges. This month, he refused to answer a question from Mr. Gonen about the background of a contractor hired by the city to train correction officers, adding sarcastically that he did not “appreciate your propagandistic newspaper. ” In a telephone interview late Thursday, Mr. de Blasio said it was time to “have this conversation” about The Post, which he described as “a very negative presence in our city” and an “ideological apparatus” with little resemblance to a   news operation. “I think it’s important, as the leader of this city, to say out loud what so many people already know,” he said. “The Post’s approach has gotten worse and worse. ” He said he had not planned the comments he made at the news conference, adding that he would answer questions from Post reporters in the future, provided they were not “in the middle of playing out one of their propaganda strategies. ” The news conference on Thursday included several exchanges in which the mayor appeared exasperated with questions from various reporters about transparency and overlapping investigations into his administration. All the while, he ignored the raised hand of Mr. Gonen. “You can keep trying, man,” Mr. de Blasio said. “In the back for the last one. ” Mr. Gonen then began to ask his question anyway  —   a request for comment on a report by the Citizens Budget Commission, a fiscal watchdog, about a costly aspect of teachers’ pensions. “You can talk all you want,” the mayor said. “I’m credentialed just like the other media,” Mr. Gonen said. “That’s nice, I appreciate solidarity,” Mr. de Blasio said before explaining that his anger stemmed from a Post story on Monday that used the word “crony” to describe Victor Calise, the commissioner of the Mayor’s Office for People with Disabilities. “I’ve got no use for a   rag that attacks people who are good public servants and tries to undermine their reputation,” he said, pointing to Mr. Calise who was seated nearby. “I’m not playing that game. ” The   of Friday’s Post, published online Thursday night, embraced the clash with glee. “De Waaasio,” read the headline above a   of the mayor’s head on a baby’s body in a highchair. “Aww, did we hurt your feelings?”",0
1696,Cuba vs. the US: Concessions or a New Missile Crisis? | Katehon think tank. Geopolitics & Tradition,"Germán Gorráiz López 
An end to the United States’ trade embargo on Cuba, demanded for the 23rd consecutive year by the General Assembly of the United Nations and passed by the overwhelming majority of 191 votes in favor and two abstentions (the United States and Israel), would end an outdated embargo established by Kennedy in 1962, and reinstate free trade and open waters. But the embargo will continue in force because the vote is non-binding. This could mean direct or indirect losses of $110 billion according to the United Nations Development Program, and more than $1 trillion according to the Cuban government. 
Prensa Latina estimated that between May 2012 and April 2013, the Cuban public health system incurred unnecessary expenses of $39 million because it had to acquire vital medicines and equipment from faraway markets. The embargo has lasted for 52 years and runs the risk of becoming interminable with all the side effects that might bring. Even President Obama has identified its resolution as being of utmost importance. US-Cuba Détente 
The decision to free all 75 opponents and independent journalists arrested in 2003 in the “Black Spring” that was announced at the beginning of July 2010 marked the start of a warming in the previously hostile relationship between the United States and Cuba. In return, in 2010, Obama reinstated Clinton’s policies toward Cuba, which had been repealed by George W. Bush in 2003, that reduced restrictions on travel and money sent between the two countries. But Obama has held strong on the necessity of Alan Gross being released for new concessions to be made, including the release of the “Cuban Five.” 
The story of the “Cuban Five” starts with Rene Gonzalez, who spent 13 years in prison in the United States for supposedly infiltrating an organization of Cuban exiles in Florida. He was accused of being part of the “Wasp Network,” which involved more than 40 Cuban intelligence agents and informants in southern Florida. Gonzalez was detained in 1998 and convicted of espionage in 2001 in Miami along with Gerardo Hernández, Ramón Labañino, Antonio Guerrero, and Fernando González. 
Alan Gross, on the other hand, was a contract worker for an USAID “pro-democracy program” and was detained in Cuba in 2009 for “the illegal distribution of Internet equipment” and convicted in Cuba in the same year for “giving sophisticated communication equipment to Jewish Cubans.” Four years after the arrest of Alan Gross, a Jewish-American and presumed spy, who was sentenced in 2011 to 15 years in prison for committing “actions against the territorial integrity of the state,” we witnessed the beginning of a new, intricate diplomatic undertaking that could result in the trade of Gross for the “Cuban Five” as a gesture of good will. This would be a necessary step towards ending the outdated U.S. embargo on Cuba and a new era in relations between the U.S. and Cuba. 
The diplomatic maneuvers began when Gross sent a personal letter to President Obama on the fourth anniversary of his arrest in Cuba, in which he expressed his disappointment, saying, “I fear that my government — the very government I was serving when I began this nightmare — has abandoned me. … I ask that you also take action to secure my release, for my sake and for the sake of my family,” followed by another letter along the same lines sent to the White House by Gross’ family. 
These letters were followed a month later by another letter written by a bipartisan group of 66 senators, led by Democrat Patrick Leahy, urging Obama to “act expeditiously to take whatever steps are in the national interest to obtain his release.” 
Ever since 2009, Obama’s administration has both publicly and privately asked for Gross’ release, and the situation has turned into the primary obstacle to relaxing the restrictions that the president initiated at the beginning of his presidency. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry confirmed: “In the case of Mr. Gross, we’ve had any number of initiatives and outreaches over the last several years … and we are currently engaged in some discussions regarding that, which I’m not at liberty to go into in any kind of detail.” 
In addition to these official measures, there is word of secret conversations between Arturo López-Levy, a Jewish-Cuban professor at the University of Denver, and the Cuban authorities to negotiate a trade of the “Cuban Five” for Gross, which would eliminate a significant obstacle in the long road to establish normality between the U.S. and Cuba. Arturo López-Levy created and taught a summer postgraduate class at the Carter Center in Atlanta, Georgia and has direct access to Raul Castro because his cousin, the son of a general of the Cuban Revolutionary Armed Forces, is married to one of Castro’s daughters. An End to the Embargo or a New Missile Crisis? 
The measures taken by the Obama administration have followed the lead of the Clinton administration by relaxing communication restrictions, allowing more remittance money to be sent to the island, and initiating a round of conversations about immigration. But they have left the embargo intact and have not substantially changed policies in Washington. At the least, the measures reflect a consensus of a good percentage of U.S. citizens in favor of a change in policy toward the island, encouraged by the Cuban regime’s lessening of state control over the economy and permitting some free trade and small enterprise. Nevertheless, the automatic renewal of the trade embargo for another year by the United States and the implementation of regressive measures pushed by anti-Castro lobbyists in Miami (U.S. banks not permitting the Office of Interest of Cuba to use their services and the obstruction of open access to news from Prensa Latina) threaten current international financial and political systems. 
This could mean losses of $50 billion for Cuba and the economic asphyxiation of Castro’s regime, even as the Obama administration starts moving slowly towards establishing the foundation for a new doctrine of “relations between equals” between the U.S. and Cuba. If the discreet conversations between López-Levy and Raul Castro fail, a new disregard for Obama could emerge in Cuba, creating a perfect opportunity for Putin to arrange a new Cuban-Russian military treaty (recalling the secret pact signed in 1960 in Moscow between Raul Castro and Khrushchev). A new radar base could be installed at the abandoned Lourdes military base, perfect for listening comfortably to secret whispers in Washington, and bases could be equipped with Iskander missiles and military planes with nuclear weapons (for example, those fearsome TU-160s known in the West as “Blackjacks”). We could see the revival of the Kennedy-Khrushchev missile crisis and the subsequent signing of the Nuclear Test Ban Treaty. Related links ",0
1697,"“They Got In There And Totally Took It Over” – The Tea Party, Black Lives Matter and the 99% Protesters Have All Been Absorbed By The Establishment","If there’s one thing that the rise of Donald Trump and Britain’s Brexit has proven, it’s that the people have had it with the establishment. No matter what side of the aisle you’re on, you are likely sick and tired of the outright corruption prevalent in every aspect of the system.
Over the last decade we have seen several movements try to take the initiative to create real, lasting change by upending the business-as-usual behavior of entrenched politicians, corporate lobbyists and mainstream media. All have thus far failed and were eventually absorbed by the power structure.
The Tea Party was co-opted by the establishment right. The 99% Protesters were co-opted by the establishment left. And according to recent Wikileaks releases, the Black Lives Matter movement has been sucked up by the Clinton camp and Soros-funded globalists.
Joe Joseph of The Daily Sheeple explains how politicians, including Hillary Clinton, have used these grass roots movements for their own nefarious purposes and to push forth their own agendas:
If you remember back in 2006-2007 there was something called the Ron Paul Revolution that took off… at one point in time there was a million man march that took place and there was close to a million people that marched on Washington… it was a tremendous grass roots effort and uprising that took place… and after that you had the Tea Party take off… and then it got co-opted. The-Powers-That-Shouldn’t-Be put their operatives in there.. they got in there and totally took it over… and now the Tea Party today is nothing but your mainstream Republican operation that advances the Republican Party platform… certainly not what Ron Paul was doing… certainly doesn’t have the Constitution in mind…

Watch At Youtube 

Also from Joe Joseph: 
The Election Is In The Process Of Being Stolen With Rigged Voting Machines 
2016 “Selection” to Usher in Period of Chaos and Turmoil in U.S. 
Sh*t Is Getting Real: Is Martial Law Coming to a Town Near You? ",0
1698,Researchers Accidentally Find Simple Way to Convert Harmful CO2 Gas to Green Energy,"In the scientific world, there is something called serendipity. The word is used to denote the occurrence or invention of something beneficial by chance. For years, governments and climate change activists have struggled to convince the world to cut down on greenhouse emissions. A greenhouse gas is any gaseous compound in the atmosphere that is capable of absorbing infrared radiation, thereby trapping and holding heat in the atmosphere. By increasing the heat in the atmosphere, greenhouse gases are responsible for the greenhouse effect, which ultimately leads to global warming.
Carbon dioxide (CO2) is one of the gases that are responsible for global warming. CO2 is a byproduct of fuel consumption. Apart from it being harmful to the atmosphere, it also has devastating consequences on human health, mainly through respiratory diseases.
In the past, researchers have attempted to convert this fuel byproduct back into energy, for future use. As the experiments proved unsuccessful, researchers were hoping that one day their dream would eventually come true. And indeed, it did. Unexpectedly.
Researchers from the Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Tennessee, United States, have announced that they have accidentally discovered a catalyst that is capable of transforming CO2 gas into high yields of ethanol . The discovery has been accepted and published in the online journal ChemistrySelect .
According to the researchers, they can do this without the use of rare and expensive elements such as platinum; with the process said to be very cheap and efficient.
The good news is, the new energy produced from the CO2 is said to be environmentally friendly. Developing the new fuel could significantly boost the already booming renewable energy industry.
The researchers have suggested that their new process could be combined with other renewables, such as solar or wind power, in order to efficiently harness those energy sources. Excess electricity produced by wind and solar is often lost when it is stored in batteries. However, by applying this new discovery, the researchers said the excess electricity could be used to produce ethanol to power solar factories and turbines when there is insufficient sun or wind energy. This method will cut down the costs of production for factory owners, ultimately benefiting the entire world.",0
1699,Google appoints Vice-President | Katehon think tank. Geopolitics & Tradition,"Главная » News » Google appoints Vice-President Google appoints Vice-President Tuesday, 1 November, 2016 - 09:30 
Israel Meir Brand has become a new Vice President of Google Corporation. Sundar Pichai, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Google Inc reported this information. Brand was the first Google Israel employee and was appointed CEO of Google Israel. 
At the same time Meir Brand will continue to rule Israel, the Middle East, Africa, Russia, Turkey, and Greece. 
Against the background of the latest Wikileaks data about rigging custom queries of Google and Yahoo in favor of Clinton and other assistance provided by the corporation of the Democratic Party headquarters (also financing by Israeli billionaires), the appointment of Meir Brand means the strengthening Israel's role in the information space. 
Despite the fact that Google has apologized for the changes on their maps (Palestine, for example, has not been marked as autonomy one, there was no Serbian monastery of Visoki Dečani), Tel Aviv is known to use actively possibilities of censorship in Internet. The recent changes are likely aimed to an active information attack including at strategically important areas, with which Meir Brand is familiar (Russia, Turkey, Middle Eastern countries). Related links ",0
1700,Student Sues Police Over Baton Encounter in Brooklyn High School - The New York Times,"An    Brooklyn high school student has sued the New York Police Department after he was struck with a baton at least twice by an officer in an episode captured on a cellphone video. In the lawsuit, filed on Wednesday in Federal District Court in Brooklyn, the student, Yordy Aragonez, claims that the officer used unreasonable force when breaking up a fight at Progress High School in the East Williamsburg section on Dec. 21, 2015. The suit was reported by NY1. The police said that officers responded that day to reports of several large fights at the school. Mr. Aragonez claims in his suit that he was pulled into a fight because he and his cousin were defending themselves after being “aggressively confronted and set upon by a group of male students. ” Then, the suit says, Mr. Aragonez was grabbed by the officer and pushed into a room where a class was in session. A video taken by a student and broadcast by NY1 showed the officer, named in the suit as Kareem Phillips, yelling at Mr. Aragonez, knocking him to the ground and into a desk and hitting him with the baton. “As officers attempted to break up the altercation, an officer used a baton,” the Police Department said in a statement on Saturday. “As a matter of practice, the incident is under review by the Internal Affairs Bureau. ” Mr. Aragonez was not immediately available for comment on Saturday, but in an interview with NY1, he said he had not resisted. “He was just hitting me,” he said. “I wasn’t even trying to get up or nothing. ” The Patrolmen’s Benevolent Association, the union that represents New York police officers, said it was not clear whether the officer could have handled the episode differently. “A snippet of video of a chaotic situation never tells the entire story,” Patrick J. Lynch, the association’s president, said in a statement on Saturday. “There is an investigation underway, and until all the facts are gathered, we must all withhold judgment. ”",0
1701,Shep Smith: No Journalist Should ’Be Subjected to Belittling or Delegitimizing By the President-elect’ - Breitbart,"Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “Shepard Smith Reporting,” host Shep Smith rallied to the defense of his CNN colleague Jim Acosta after   Donald Trump called out Acosta’s organization personally for being fake news following a report about Trump’s involvement with Russia.  “[C]NN’s exclusive reporting on the Russian matter was separate and distinctly different from the document dump executed by an online news property,” Smith said. “Though we at Fox News cannot confirm CNN’s report, it is our observation that its correspondents followed journalistic standards and that neither they nor any other journalists should be subjected to belittling or delegitimizing by the   of the United States. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
1702,В России могут ввести налог на депозиты?,"0 комментариев   
Одним из вариантов пополнения федерального бюджета может стать введение налогообложения части депозитов,заявил заместитель ведомства Алексей Моисеев в ходе лекции в Финансовом университете при правительстве РФ, сообщил "" Интерфакс"" . 
Подчеркнув, что это предложение пока не закреплено ни в одном из законопроектов, он сообщил, что в министерстве думают над тем, как именно воплотить его в жизнь. 
""По депозитам есть совершенно исключительный в мировой практике налоговый вычет, когда люди в принципе не платят по ним ничего, - посетовал чиновник. - Человек, имея миллиард рублей на депозите, а такие люди есть, и их довольно много, не платят никаких налогов с доходов своих депозитов. Так больше делать нигде нельзя"". 
При этом варианты исполнения президентского поручения все еще рассматриваются в ведомстве. Напомним, что в декабре прошлого года в послании Федеральному собранию президент РФ Владимир Путин поручил экономическому блоку правительства подготовить предложения об отмене налогообложения купонов по облигациям. 
Средства Сбербанка могут стать источником пополнения ликвидности для Внешэкономбанка, сообщают российские СМИ. 
Как пишет Ведомости, по предложению руководства госкорпорации, ее качественные кредиты должен выкупить Сбербанк. Согласно предложения, для улучшения ситуации с ликвидностью Внешэкономбанк готов продать пакет высокачественных кредитов на сумму не менее 30 млр рублей, причем покупателем этих кредитов выступит Сбербанк. 
Финансовый директор Сбербанка Александр Морозов, заявил, что такой вариант может быть рассмотрен, но конкретные предложения не поступали. 
Как пишет РБК, ранее новый председатель ВЭБа Сергей Горьков представил план мероприятий по повышению финансовой устойчивости банка. Согласно плану Горькова, ВЭБ предлагается докапитализировать из бюджета (власти выделят на поддержку Внешэкономбанка 150 млрд руб.) и средств Центробанка, который должен конвертировать долг банка в субординированный кредит - его можно будет включить в капитал второго уровня. 
При этом ВЭБ планирует получить дополнительный депозит на 55 млрд руб. от Федерального казначейства и продление от ФНБ истекающего в июне депозита в 50 млрд руб (или его замещение депозитом Газпромбанка).Около 100 млрд руб. ВЭБ рассчитывает получить и от пенсионных накоплений за счет размещения средств Пенсионного фонда, банк также готов продать долю в «Газпроме» (ему принадлежит 2,7% его акций, которые, по данным Лондонской биржи, на 29 марта стоили $1,3 млрд) и часть проблемных активов. Поделиться:",0
1703,Alyssa Milano: Up to Women to Remove Trump from Office,"Actress Alyssa Milano says the task of “removing” President Donald Trump from office is up to the women of the United States. [“Trump has proven that he really can’t take the heat in the White House kitchen. But, he won’t get out of it, either. His ego won’t let him. Removing him will be up to us,” the Who’s the Boss actress wrote in an essay published in Marie Claire.   Milano says the “crushing,   blow” of Trump’s election spurred women to begin “organizing the resistance. ” The actress writes: “Most of us thought —  no, assumed —  that when we woke up on November 9, 2016, we’d be looking into the poised and confident face of the first female president. We stepped up! The powerful Hillary Clinton, a lifelong civil servant, politician, wife, mother, and former First Lady seemed to embody all the glorious elements of a modern leader. Instead, we arose to the sinister smirk of her opponent, the ‘dark horse.’ All we heard were our hearts drop over the deafening mic drop. ” The    actress later describes Trump as “an egomaniac with no political experience, questionable business ethics, and a crude moral compass” who “has been charged with running our big, beautiful, diverse, country. ” Milano’s essay came on International Women’s Day, which saw   #DayWithoutAWoman protests around the world and in the U. S. organized by leftist Women’s March activists. The actress says Trump’s election forced women to begin “fighting back with marches, rallies and town hall meetings. ” “So, with powerful hearts and pussies, we began the fight,” she writes. “We grabbed back. We realized the power of our collective voices and awakened a sleeping, feminist giant. She’s smart. She’s beautiful. She’s strong. She’s pissed. ” “Feminine power is boundless. Women can change the world. We already have  …    and we’re not giving up now. The march goes on. ” Milano was an early supporter of Senator Bernie Sanders’ presidential bid. She’s spent much of her time on social media slamming Trump’s policies.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
1704,"Markets Should Guide Mergers, not Politicians and Bureaucrats | Opinion - Conservative","(Before It's News)
Last year, I explained the theoretical argument against antitrust laws, pointing out that monopoly power generally exists only when government intervenes. There’s monopoly power when government takes over a sector of the economy (i.e., air traffic control, Postal Service, Social Security, etc). There’s monopoly power when government prohibits or restricts competition in a sector of […]
Continue reading Markets Should Guide Mergers, not Politicians and Bureaucrats
. . . → Read More: Markets Should Guide Mergers, not Politicians and Bureaucrats",0
1705,5.0 Quake Near Oklahoma Oil Hub Causes Substantial Damage,"5.0 Quake Near Oklahoma Oil Hub Causes Substantial Damage 11/07/2016 
CBS 
A magnitude 5.0 earthquake centered near one of the world’s key oil hubs brought down building facades and shattered windows in a central Oklahoma city, rendering century-old buildings unsafe and raising concerns about key infrastructure. 
As the sun rose Monday, television news footage showed widespread, substantial damage to buildings, with piles of bricks and other debris littering the ground following the earthquake the previous evening. Cushing Assistant City Manager Jeremy Frazier told a news conference late Sunday that a few minor injuries had been reported. He said the damage appeared to be contained downtown. 
Oklahoma has had thousands of earthquakes in recent years, with nearly all traced to the underground injection of wastewater left over from oil and gas production. Sunday’s quake was centered 1 mile west of Cushing and about 25 miles south of where a magnitude 4.3 quake forced a shutdown of several wells last week. 
Fearing aftershocks, police cordoned off older parts of the city to keep gawkers away late Sunday, and geologists confirmed that several small quakes have rumbled the area. Frazier said an assisted living community had been evacuated after damage was reported. The Cushing Public School District canceled Monday classes. 
“Stay out of the area,” said City Manager Steve Spears, who noted that while some damage was superficial, compromised foundations and other potential problems would be difficult to assess until daylight in the city of 7,900 about 50 miles northeast of Oklahoma City. 
The Oklahoma Department of Transportation reported Sunday night that no highway or bridge damage was found within a 15-mile radius of the earthquake’s epicenter. 
The quake struck at 7:44 p.m. Sunday and was felt as far away as Iowa, Illinois and Texas. The U.S. Geological Survey initially said Sunday’s quake was of magnitude 5.3 but later lowered the reading to 5.0. 
“I thought my whole trailer was going to tip over, it was shaking it so bad,” said Cushing resident Cindy Roe, 50. “It was loud and all the lights went out and you could hear things falling on the ground. 
“It was awful and I don’t want to have another one.” 
Cushing’s oil storage terminal is one of the world’s largest. As of Oct. 28, tank farms in the countryside around Cushing held 58.5 million barrels of crude oil, according to data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration. The community bills itself as the “Pipeline Crossroads of the World.” 
Frazier said two pipeline companies had reported no trouble as of late Sunday but that the community hadn’t heard from all companies. Gov. Mary Fallin tweeted that no damage was reported at the storage tanks at Cushing’s oil storage terminal 
Megan Gustafson and Jonathan Gillespie were working at a Cushing McDonald’s when the quake hit. 
“It felt like a train was going right through the building, actually,” Gustafson, 17, said Sunday night as she and her co-workers stood behind a police barricade downtown, looking for damage. “I kind of freaked out and was hyperventilating a bit.” 
Gillespie said the building shook for about 10 seconds, but that he wasn’t as alarmed as Gustafson because he lives in an area that has experienced multiple earthquakes, especially in recent years. 
“I didn’t think it was anything new,” he said. 
According to USGS data, there have been about two dozen earthquakes in Oklahoma in the past week. When particularly strong quakes hit, the Oklahoma Corporation Commission directs well operators to cease wastewater injections or reduce volume. 
A 5.8 earthquake — a record for Oklahoma — hit Pawnee on Sept. 3. Shortly afterward, geologists speculated on whether the temblor occurred on a previously unknown fault. 
“I was at home doing some work in my office and, basically, you could feel the whole house sway some,” Spears, the Cushing city manager, said Sunday night. “It’s beginning to become normal.”",0
1706,"Islamic State Again Strikes at Afghan Shiites, Killing at Least 30 in Kabul - The New York Times","KABUL, Afghanistan  —   A suicide bomber struck a crowded gathering of Shiite Muslims in the Afghan capital on Monday, officials said, killing at least 30 people in the latest assault against religious minorities here to be claimed by militants loyal to the Islamic State. The suicide bomber detonated his explosives just as hundreds of worshipers had packed into the Baqir   mosque, in western Kabul. They were commemorating Arbaeen, a Shiite observance of loss and grief that comes 40 days after Ashura, when a grandson of the Prophet Muhammad was martyred. The Islamic State had claimed an attack during that holiday as well, bombing another Shiite shrine in Kabul on the eve of Ashura, and killing at least 14. Sediq Sediqqi, a spokesman for the Interior Ministry, said that at least 30 people had been killed and at least 40 wounded. The blast was so powerful that the windows from all three floors of the mosque were blown away. The walls looked as if they had been hosed with blood. Human remains, shoes, bloodied copies of the Quran and broken prayer beads were scattered around the hall. The large pots of rice cooking in the yard to feed about 700 people after the event remained unopened. Salman Firuzi, one of the worshipers present at the mosque during the blast, said about 500 men were on the ground floor, where the bomber detonated his explosives, and a similar number of women were on the second floor. “We were offering the final prayer when we heard a big bang and saw a big flame,” said Mr. Firuzi, his clothes soaked with the blood of the bodies he had helped load into cars. “We personally transferred some 20 dead bodies to private vehicles that we had take them to hospital. ” Hours after a Taliban spokesman denied responsibility for the attack, the Islamic State issued a statement by its central Amaq news agency saying that the group’s affiliates in Afghanistan had been responsible for the assault. This was the third major attack against Shiites that the terrorist group had carried out in Kabul in the past three months, and the frequency of the assaults has many worried that the government is unable to protect vulnerable groups. That concern, and the outrage by minorities who say the government and its American allies are not doing enough, has further stoked sectarian and factional tensions that are roiling Afghanistan. The deadliest of the attacks claimed by the Islamic State targeted a protest by the Hazaras, who are mostly Shiite, in July, leaving at least 80 people dead. “This appalling attack on worshipers is an atrocity,” said Pernille Kardel, the United Nations secretary general’s deputy special representative for Afghanistan. She expressed “revulsion at this latest effort by extremists to stoke sectarian violence in Afghanistan. ” The Islamic State’s ability to strike the capital city with regularity has punctured the Afghan government’s assurances that the extremist group has been contained to small pockets in the east of the country. Since early 2015, the group has gained a foothold across several districts in Nangarhar Province, where it has wrecked havoc. Estimates for the number of Islamic State fighters in Nangarhar have ranged from 1, 500 to 4, 000, most of them former members of the Pakistani and Afghan Taliban. The Afghan government has maintained pressure on the group’s havens, allocating both ground and air resources, and backed up by American airstrikes. American military advisers have also been deployed to help, and have been killed in the fighting. But in recent months, officials have admitted that their operations have not rooted out the threat, with the Islamic State simply relocating to another district when pressed in one. Still, some officials have expressed doubt that the group of Islamic State fighters in Nangarhar was behind the latest urban attacks. One senior Afghan security official, speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss intelligence, said there was some doubt about whether the pocket of Islamic   fighters in the east had the capacity or the networks to pull off such   terrorist attacks. Shahgul Razaee, a member of the Afghan Parliament, said that the recent attacks in Kabul targeting Shiites “are a part of a systematic killing of a specific ethnic and religious group,” and that the government had proved unable to do anything about it. “What the government is doing by being careless is that it is leading people to ethnic divisions,” Ms. Razaee said. “It will increase the distance between the government and the people, and some people will think that the government belongs to a specific group and not all of the people. ”",0
1707,WaPo Report: Mueller Investigating Donald Trump for Possible Obstruction of Justice - Breitbart,"Recently appointed Special Counsel on the Russia investigation Robert Mueller has begun the process of interviewing senior intelligence officials as part of an investigation into President Donald Trump’s conduct according to a Washington Post report that cites anonymous officials. [The Post reported that according to five officials briefed on requests, those to be interviewed include: Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats, National Security Agency head Mike Rogers and Rogers’ now former deputy Richard Ledgett. They said that these three have agreed to interviews with Mueller’s team. Those interviews could happen within days.  The Post also reported that according to “people familiar with the matter” the investigation into Trump began shortly after the President fired   Director James Comey. Those “people” also told the outlet that investigators are looking for people both inside and outside of government that can attest to the President’s comments on why he fired Comey, the Russia investigations, and others. Comey revealed last week, in a hearing before the Senate Intelligence Committee, that he had informed President Trump three times that the president was not under FBI investigation. The now former FBI Director failed to reveal that information publicly while he was still in his position. During that testimony, Comey also revealed that he had leaked a memo containing his notes from a February 14 meeting with Trump. Mueller’s probe is looking into any possible contact between Trump and Russian operatives and for any potentially suspicious financial dealings with those individuals according to the Post. The report adds that the officials say Mueller is interested in a March 22 conversation between Trump, Coats, and CIA Director Mike Pompeo. According to the officials that spoke with the Post, Coats told associates that the president asked about intervening with Comey in regards to the investigation into former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn. The report states “Coats later told lawmakers that he never felt pressured to intervene. ” A phone request from the president to each Coats and Rogers a few days later asked for public statements denying coordination between Trump’s presidential campaign and the Russians, the officials told the Post. They added that Coats and Rogers refused to comply. The anonymous officials said that Ledgett’s contact with Trump was uncertain, but that he wrote a memo about the call between Rogers and Trump. This news comes just after news broke that brought Mueller’s investigative team into question. CNN reported that three members of Mueller’s Russia investigation team have donated to Democrats, including Hillary Clinton’s campaign for President. The report cites Federal Election Commission records. CNN reported, “More than half of the more than $56, 000 came from just one lawyer and more than half of it was donated before the 2016 election, but two of the lawyers gave the maximum $2, 700 donation to Hillary Clinton last year. ” Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana ",0
1708,Alabama Makes It Illegal to Remove Confederate Monuments,"The new law attempts to preserve history by making it illegal to remove monuments that have been in place for more than 40 years. [The Alabama Memorial Preservation Act of 2017, signed into law Wednesday by Alabama Gov. Kay Ivey (R) protects historical Confederate monuments which have come under fire in recent weeks by Democratic politicians.  The new legislation prohibits: The relocation, removal, alteration, renaming, or other disturbance of any architecturally significant building, memorial building, memorial street, or monument located on public property which has been in place for 40 or more years. State Sen. Gerald Allen ( ) who proposed the bill, noted protecting monuments is about preserving history for future generations to learn from, the Huffington Post reported. “I appreciate Gov. Ivey standing up for the thoughtful preservation of Alabama’s history,” Allen said. “Contrary to what its detractors say, the Memorial Preservation Act is intended to preserve all of Alabama’s history ― the good and the bad ― so our children and grandchildren can learn from the past to create a better future. ” Last week, New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu (D) had the famous Civil War era monument of Robert E. Lee removed from its place at the center of the city’s most famous traffic circle  —   it had been in place for more than a century, Breitbart Texas reported. “It is   that these men did not fight for the United States of America. They fought against it. They may have been warriors, but in this cause, they were not patriots. ” Landrieu said. “These monuments celebrate a fictional, sanitized Confederacy. ” On February 6, the City of Charlottesville, Virginia, also voted to remove a statue of Robert E. Lee that had stood in the city park for nearly a century, Breitbart reported. The decision to erase history from the city sparked outrage as people gathered and protested peacefully for several weeks. Eventually, two organizations and 11 local citizens came together and filed a lawsuit against the City of Charlottesville to stop the removal of historical Confederate monuments. Other states have already taken steps to preserve historical monuments from those who would seek to rewrite history. In Mississippi, “no statue, monument, memorial, or landmark from any war can be removed from a public property unless it’s being moved to another approved location or if it blocks drivers from seeing,” WLBT reported. In 2016, eBay announced they would “prohibit the sale” of Confederate flags following the June 17 attack on Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church by crazed gunman Dylann Roof. Confederate flags were reportedly “selling like crack” after the announcement. Ryan Saavedra is a contributor for Breitbart Texas and can be found on Twitter at @RealSaavedra.  ",0
1709,Trump’s Thanksgiving Message From Three Years Ago Comes Back To Haunt Him (TWEET) – New Century Times,"Share on Facebook 
If there’s one thing we ask of a president, it’s that they be inclusive of all, and President-elect Trump, in a very bizarre way, kinda sorta, did that three years ago in the most Trumpian way ever. 
While most people have Thanksgiving messages of hope and gratitude, Donald Trump wants everyone to know that he wants their day to be happy. Absolutely everyone. Even the “haters and losers.” 
Here’s Trump’s Thanksgiving Day message he tweeted out three years ago: 
“Happy Thanksgiving to all–even the haters and losers!” via Twitter 
Yes, that’s the future leader of the free world, everyone. A man who will have more power than, well, anyone. 
Trump took to Twitter on Thanksgiving Day in 2013 and wished everyone a “Happy Thanksgiving” even to the “haters and losers” and best yet, the tweet is still in his timeline . So, the future President of the United States seems pretty damn proud of calling those who don’t like him “haters and losers” because he still has it on the record in his Twitter feed. 
It will be interesting to see what he tweets this year. Will it be off the cuff, or well-vetted by his staff. I’m sure we’re all on pins and needles waiting. Or not. 
Featured Photo by Zach Gibson/Getty Images — Twitter ",0
1710,"U.S. Presidential Race, North Dakota, Syria: Your Weekend Briefing - The New York Times","Here are the week’s top stories, and a look ahead. 1. North Korea conducted a powerful nuclear test that showcased its increasing mastery of atomic weaponry and confronted the U. S. with new diplomatic and security challenges. Military experts said the increasing expertise, paired with headway in developing intercontinental ballistic missiles, could bring the continental U. S. in reach of a nuclear warhead by 2020. Analysts say that North Korea cultivates a sense of unpredictability verging on irrationality, but that, in fact, the government remains coldly calculating, edging up to the brink of war to keep aggressors at bay and its savagely oppressed people cowed. Above, a protest in South Korea. _____ 2. President Obama is back in Washington after a   trip to Asia. He visited Laos to recognize the scars of the U. S. secret war there during the Vietnam conflict and, standing alongside the leader of China, formally committed the world’s two largest economies to the Paris climate agreement. Mr. Obama has pushed hard on measures to fight climate change, logging historic achievements abroad but frustrating setbacks at home. Watch our interview with Mr. Obama here. _____ 3. The race to succeed Mr. Obama has just about eight weeks to go, and it’s getting even more intense. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump clashed over national security, as Mr. Trump proposed dropping spending caps on the military and Mrs. Clinton pledged to never send U. S. soldiers back into Iraq or into Syria. Each candidate made statements that drew intense criticism: Mr. Trump’s   backing for Vladimir Putin drew reminders of the Russian leader’s harshly oppressive tactics and territorial aggression, and Mrs. Clinton’s characterization of half of Mr. Trump’s supporters as being “in a basket of deplorables”  —   “the racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamaphobic, you name it” that he has empowered. _____ 4. The U. S. today commemorates the 15th anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks, the deadliest terrorist attack on U. S. soil. The National September 11 Memorial Museum, at ground zero, has portraits of almost all of the nearly 3, 000 people killed that day in New York, Washington and Pennsylvania, but seven are still being sought. Can you help? There may be no better way to understand how the passengers of Flight 93 fought their hijackers and brought their plane down in Shanksville, Pa. killing all aboard, than listening to Robert Franz, a    interpretive park ranger at the memorial there. _____ 5. Uber will introduce a fleet of about 100   cars in Pittsburgh within days, each with a human monitor in the driver’s seat. This is not just a test of the technology. It’s also a demonstration of “greenlight governing,” i. e. giving tech companies help and lots of freedom. Pittsburgh officials helped Uber lease riverfront land for a testing track and warded off new state regulations. “You can either put up red tape or roll out the red carpet,” the mayor said. “If you want to be a   laboratory for technology, you put out the carpet. ” _____ 6. College campuses around the nation are stepping up discussions of  microaggressions and triggers as they address racism, diversity, sexual consent and excessive drinking in their fall orientation programs. But the schools can find themselves in a bind. Racist episodes sharply depressed enrollment for at least one university, but alumni upset over the currents in college culture, including efforts to silence those whose opinions differ, are closing their wallets. _____ 7. The Obama administration made an unusual intervention in a protest in North Dakota, temporarily blocking construction of part of the Dakota Access oil pipeline minutes after a federal judge had cleared the project. Thousands of Native Americans and activists have been protesting, warning that a section of the pipeline that is to go under a river has the potential to foul tribal water supplies and ancestral cultural sites. The Justice Department and other agencies called for discussions on giving greater consideration of tribes’ views for “these types of infrastructure projects. ” _____ 8. Public health experts have raised more alarms on Zika, but partisan fighting has kept Congress from adding to funds to combat the virus. Urgently needed measures in Puerto Rico and Florida are at risk, and fears of Zika spreading along the Gulf Coast are growing. Peak mosquito season there will not end until November. And lawmakers are going to the wire again on funding the government. At this point, only stopgap measures will keep the lights on after Sept. 30. President Obama invited congressional leaders to the White House on Monday to discuss that and other priorities. _____ 9. The U. S. and Russia, after 10 months of failed talks, agreed to embark on a new approach to Syria. The deal depends on Russia restraining Syria’s loyalist forces, and on the U. S. persuading opposition groups it supports to separate from the Nusra Front, an affiliate of Al Qaeda. Above, a wounded Syrian boy comforted another. The U. S. has now accepted 10, 000 Syrian refugees. Here’s where they’ve been placed. And here’s a look at what it’s like when young refugees from all over try to fit in at an ordinary American high school. _____ 10. Clothes you can buy now, or at least order, are the big news from the opening of the fall fashion season. New York Fashion Week (followed by Fashion Weeks in London, Milan and Paris) also proved that the clothes are no longer enough  —   the shows have to provide an experience. Our critic looked at two representative cases: Kanye West’s performance piece and Tom Ford’s evening of dinner theater. It doesn’t matter that only a select few can physically attend, she writes: Their Instagram and Facebook posts invite followers to try to get closer by getting “a product that was in the room. ” _____ 11. Finally, researchers have found fascinating new aspects of the lives of the bonobo, the endangered primate that is one of our closest relatives. Famed for their hypersexuality, bonobos also form strong bonds among females and weak ones among males, in sharp contrast to the closely related chimpanzee. In fact, senior females will lead coalitions of two or more juniors to drive off harassing males. “It’s a matriarchy,” a primatologist said. “Females are running the show. ” Have a great week.  _____ Your Weekend Briefing is published Sundays at 6 a. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Evening Briefing, weeknights at 6 p. m. Eastern. Want to look back? Here’s Friday’s Evening Briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
1711,Rewriting the Past,"Lee Carroll 
Kryon – Greetings dear ones I’m Kryon of magnetic service. 
This morning. We ask you to feel the wind of truth. It’s a metaphor; when you feel the wind blows often in a gentle way that’s refreshing and that’s the way the truth is of this shift. You’re looking at new energies that you have never had before presented to you in different ways. Years ago we spoke of the recalibration energy. You have passed through that and now comes the work. 
So many of you have asked this very day. What’s next, what should I do? What’s possible? Because this is new dear ones, the manual for what’s next hasn’t been written, but there are things we can ask you to do that are so able to be done and it has to be done by old souls. 
Now this is an overview, it’s a generality that I’m giving you. It’s not a specific. So let’s talk about the specifics first, which is backwards. You ask what you’re gonna do next. What are we supposed to do? What is that which is in the plan for you and almost all of you we say to you, you are unique. So it may be different for each of you, but there is one thing that we’re going to start asking for and you are going to hear it more and more. Old soul, in this new energy things are going to come to you. Watch for the synchronicity. Don’t pass it up. 
When you hear ideas, when you meet people, when somebody says let’s go over here and do something and you’ve never done it before, that is synchronicity. And the second thing we would say to you is that in the synchronicity that you will meet, see it for what it is, because that’s what you should do. What brought you here to this room for those of you sitting here, what’s the synchronicity? 
Not all of you said oh yes I’m going to go to this meeting. Let’s buy a ticket now. In fact, there’s a lot of you that did not happen at all. And here you sit to hear these messages of hope and truth. Can you feel the wind blowing? Things are changing, dear ones; and the second large thing we ask of you individually is to be patient. 
Human beings, when they start feeling the energies and realize the ah ha of truth are so excited and they want to act now. It’s almost like you’re going to run out of time and you’re not. Be patient; let the things develop as they come to you. You’ll know what to do with them. We told you over and over. 
It’s time to start practicing mastery, to treat others differently, all, all of these things. That’s what you’re here for. We said before, those of you who are sitting around expecting a plan, what am I supposed to do? “ and we said before, what if you’re already doing it? 
What if your very existence anchors energy for those around you? What if you’re playing a part you don’t even know you’re playing simply by being you around others who are watching you? What if that’s why you’re here? You realize the importance of that, of who you’re touching your changing. so it’s not like you think; it’s not a linear, “What am I to do?” 
And yet, I’m going to ask you for something now, all of you. All of those listening to my voice. All of those in the room. There really is something you can do. My partner touched on an energy. You might call it a scenario that is going on right now on this planet. 
The very thing I’m going to discuss is something that is holding you back from the evolution that we speak of, from the wildcards that are coming, for the inventions we told you you need – things that are being developed and are ready right now are being held up by what I’m going to tell you. 
It’s very real, what my partner was telling you that most of this planet is still in an ” expectation of doom” mode. 
Most wherever you go, there is this feeling of what you have called, waiting for the other shoe to drop. You’re overdue for doom. You’re overdue for the world war that was given to you as prediction after prediction after prediction. 
It is so odd; everything around you says it’s changed, everything. If you will take a look at the wars that you had, the last world war and the one before. Take a look at who the players were; now take a look at what they’re doing. They drop their borders. They are trading with one another. 
The scenario for the next war is not there, yet you expect it. Take a look at all that is around you. It is not then yelling at you ” You’re going to have a war.” There’s so much more. It’s giving you the evidence that’s not what’s going to happen at all. And why is it that you feel like it’s coming. Now, those listening to my voice, old souls; those in the room, old souls. You are awakening to a grander truth for the planet, a truth that doesn’t just belong to a niche amount of believers. It’s for the whole planet. Therefore, I’m telling you something that involves the whole planet. But the old souls are the graduates. You have most of the experience; you have profound consciousness that can change energy. 
The world is expecting doom. The books that have been written about the fractals tell you about the ripples of time that repeat themselves, that yell to you that there’s going to be problems, there’s going to be war; that yell to you your economy is going to collapse at any moment. 
There are seeds of truth in the ripples. Let me tell you something, perhaps you’ve figured out or not. The ripples of an old energy are dangerous to you dangerous because if enough human beings buy into the old energy, it’s going to slow things down and some of them will occur. 
Now you know what I would ask you to do. I want you to start spreading the word to everybody you know who would ask you, who would mention it in idle passing or not. Shape your words, for a good future. Don’t buy into this. Don’t be persuaded that something awful has to occur. 
Dear ones, the prophecies have come and gone. You are in the clear. 
But the ripples are still there of the old energy. 
When you hear those speak of it. You can tell them this. 
Well, it didn’t happen. We got a good future ahead. 
They will start giving you chapter and verse of the old energy. They’ll tell you what has happened and therefore and therefore. They’ll pull the politics of the day into it, they’ll say and therefore and therefore. And you don’t have to convince them. All you have to do is show them you don’t agree. In a loving way, you can say, ” yeah, I don’t think so. I feel something good is coming.” 
Old souls carry weight. You carry with your family, with your children, with your friends, with your colleagues. And the weight you carry is because of who you are and who they see in you. Are you a person who is slow to anger, who is quick to love? Are you a person who is not showing their age as much? Are you a person who has more energy than you should for your age? Are you a person that they will look at and they will say I don’t know what you got but I like it. They’re gonna listen to you, old soul. 
Anyone who listens to my voice. I’m going to call it a name. I want you to rewrite the past. The old ripples of time that say that you are overdue for something was written in an old energy; you are rewriting that energy. You have seen the prophecies of an older time drop away. The Mayan calendar told you that old history and time was over. The new calendar that has been put up by the Maya says that history is going to go into a place nobody expected, that a new long count is here and that human consciousness can go into an evolved state higher than it’s ever been. Where is that realization? I will tell you, it’s only with the wise ones. And that’s you. You come to a meeting like this to get excited because you hear the facts, you see the physics, you hear the predictions, and you walk out the door and you know, absolutely know that things are different and the shift is here and there’s a chance that humanity will pull out of this faster than you know. 
That’s the first thing we ask you to do, but the second thing? Well, it may be backwards, dear ones. I do that a lot. Even the logic is in a circle. One thing leads to another. One thing builds on another. There are those listening to my voice that still don’t believe it. How are you going to live in a way that’s going to tell others to expect good things are coming; how are you going to rewrite this past if you haven’t really cognized it; if you don’t believe it? You say, well Kryon, that should have been the first thing. No, I wanted to give you the most profound thing first. 
You’re gonna have to change the past; 
you’re going to have to avoid the ripple 
and that can only be done by high consciousness groups of individuals 
who arespreading the word in their own way 
of a bright future for this planet, 
a better consciousness. 
You have to cognize it. You are going to have to believe it for yourself. You’re gonna have to know it’s different. It’s got to be your truth. So strong does it have to be that it competes with your belief system of whether gravity is real and not, whether when you drop something it’ll fall on the floor or not. That’s how cognizing works. It has to be part of your cellular structure. That’s why I’m here. I’m here, to carry humanity into a brighter future and to void out those ripples, those old energy things that we have felt coming and are still here. The earth is still expecting to terminate. 
“Kryon, what do we do about that?” 
Well if you just wait, it’ll go away. But that’s not what you want is it? Generation after generation will eventually clear the ripples– you are already starting to see it with the indigos. They’re not buying into an old energy system. One of those things they’re not buying into is the ripples. Are you going to wait for another generation and another and perhaps another before you can move forward? Or are you gonna start getting active? 
“Kryon, I don’t really understand. What am I supposed to do, shout it from the rooftop?” 
I’ll tell you what you are supposed to do. You watch because suddenly in your life you will have synchronicity to open your mouth. It will come from various sources and you remember this moment and you’ll smile because you say, “here it is.” Somebody will say to you, “do you believe this election? Do you believe what’s going on here; do you believe how bad all of this energy is?” What do you say normally? ” yeah it’s bad; I see it.” Or do you say, “I recognize it and you know what? 
The next one is going to be different. Things are changing. It’s going to get better. You just wait.” You say that, dear one; how many people will take that and repeat it? You see what you’ve done? At every single time you get the synchronicity to state a bright future, how many times have people complained to you or saw that you were a listener– and you are– and they come to you and they say, ” things are not going well”, what do you say? 
What should come out of your mouth immediately, “That’s today; just wait for tomorrow. And if you will do this, and if you will believe this and if you will then find the God inside, perhaps you’ll find the joy to understand that humanity is headed for a bright future. You can go faster if you do that. You gotta believe it. Believe it, before it can be passed on. 
This is the first time I have broached this, that now your job gets harder. You called yourself a light worker; turn on the light. You’re going to find moment after moment after moment presented to you [wherein] you didn’t even recognize what you are saying or doing. 
Or you can turn it around in a benevolent way– and not argumentative– and you can say yes I see the election isn’t that interesting. It’s going to be something different next time. Then after that even next time. You can say is that interesting to watch and see the old energy we never saw before. 
And now we can start cleaning up. People will walk away saying either. That’s a wise old cheerful person, even if you’re young, or they’ll say that’s a Pollyanna and they walk away and do whatever they wish. It doesn’t matter what they do with that, dear ones, what you do with it. Can you turn things around so that you are a positive speaker? A positive speaker. 
Number three, the final. We will use three because this is the catalyst. This is going to be the catalyst. If enough old souls are doing this regularly, it’s going to be obvious to many. What’s going on with them? They are not echoing anymore the drama that’s here. They’re not agreeing anymore that the old energy is here. Instead, all they are seeing is light. 
The third thing. How do I tell you this. You’ve heard it before. This won’t be work [unless] you fall in love with yourself. This won’t be work if you [don’t] fall in love yourself. If you’re with a cheerful person, it’s contagious isn’t it? If you are with a person who is joy and laughter, it’s contagious isn’t it? Who are you? 
Now you going to see I just went backwards on everything. Should’ve been the first thing I said; fall in love with yourself, cognize it’s real and spread the word. . . . 
I want you to think about the circle of time you’re in and the fact that that’s why it is the way it is. The circle of time has created the belief that people have that doom is coming. The new energy that was predicted all over the planet is here and yet the old energy circle still exists in the psyche of those who’ve experienced it all their life. 
Enter the old soul. With joy, with love; with the countenance that is a smiling countenance. Not a depressed one. Are you listening? Some of you need to hear this. You are so concerned with the earth, and what’s happening that you walk around depressed. May I just tell you. Your depression is not helping anyone, even you. You could be as concerned as you want to; you can frown all day long and you haven’t helped a soul. So, are you listening? God is joyful and the things that you worry about will be faster settled if you’ll spread the word of joy. That is all we’re asking. Change your countenance. 
Watch for the synchronicities and at every single point if you can give a positive outcome, not an agreed on negative one. Oh, it’s easy to listen to somebody complain and say yeah that’s what it is and then you move on. How many times you do that? You might think was none of my business. 
I don’t want to start an argument. You’re not dear ones, when you just state the obvious. My truth is that we’re climbing out of this. It may not look like it. Don’t watch the news anymore’ you can tell them, because all you’re going to see his ugly stuff and it is going to lay on you and hurt your heart. 
Turn it off and create the reality that this earth needs. It’s getting better, not worse. There are those who will turn away and not believe you, and then there are those who start understanding what you’re saying. They may even come and listen to the facts that were presented, even this day that you won’t necessarily see on the news that this planet is going through a recalibration and starting to correct things that need correcting, and slowly the integrity of humanity is one that no longer wants war. 
I want you to analyze how many countries are there on the planet and how many are actually fighting with everybody else. It’s a fraction of what it was 50 years ago, a fraction. There’s really only about three or four holdouts today that have dictators who would willingly invade another country. That’s old energy. Dear ones, that is not what’s going to happen. 
Take a look at the reaction of the countries to this. Take a look at what what humanity in general is after and trying to do. Putting things together, not tearing them apart. Not circling the wagons and competing for resources anymore; trying to put together, make it work. 
You’ve been doing this long enough now that you can see it’s not the way it used to be. Telling friends. This is what the old souls is about today. It’s not going to be that hard. When you believe it. You walk around with a smile and joyful. People ask what have you got, what you doing? Why are you smiling so much? And you can say because things are getting better. They are getting better in my life because I’ve discovered there’s a shift going on. 
This this isn’t going to void out somebody’s belief system or religion for you to say the future is going to get better. 
The prophecies of the old and they didn’t happen. 
The’re not; that didn’t happen. 
All the timelines that were given to you, 
including the end of time with the Mayans is not what took place. 
Instead, things are starting to improve. – kryon 
That’s the message. You see because the the synchronicity will be given to you to comment more than you think. And then my advice is that comment in love in joy, not in opposition. There’s a difference. You can hold them to your bosom as friends as mates and at the same time you can give them beautiful information without making them wrong because you’re giving it in joy, with a smile. I believe things are going to improve. That’s the predictions of the ancients. We passed the corner. It’s tough time right now you’re seeing a lot of opposition to light and I am the light. What a joyful, loving answer, not an opposing proposition, not an opinion, that’s different. It’s just a statement of power. Old soul, you know how to do this; you been there, you’ve done that; you know human nature. 
Fall in love with yourself. Start to change your [countenance] in joy. Cognize the truth that things are happening differently and then cancel this ripple of doom. If you can cancel the ripple, or even make a dent in it. I will tell you the speed of what is going to take place will quicken. 
The fewer people who expect the end will create a far faster evolution of consciousness on this planet. But those ripples of doom that are not going to happen that people still sense and have got to go away or be erased or at least diminished before some of the things that I know are coming will arrive. 
You have a bright future. 
Wait till you see the next wildcard. 
It’s not coming until the planet 
is clear of expecting the end. 
There are some movies being developed that may surprise you because the Indigos are young [old] enough now to be writing the scripts. There will be some of hope; there will be some that are rewriting the past and reminding those in the story of the things that did not happen. 
There’ll be those who are brave enough to paint the future, something they didn’t expect that would be good. Watch for this. It’s just now beginning to happen. Watch for linear literature that changes with writers who are now writing about a kinder, softer future. What is at hand that might work. Watch for exciting stories, even science fiction about a bright future. Watch for stories about meeting benevolent aliens that might actually help the planet and the drama that would ensue around it and those who might not believe them. It’s all part of voiding the ripples of doom and it can advance your evolution by generations. 
Do you accept the task? This is the old soul; I’m hearing it all over the planet. It’s not going to be that hard– if you see the truth, and the light that is there. 
I am Kryon in love with humanity for obvious reasons. I’ll say it again. I have seen this before; you have seen this before. It’s in your akash on another planet. It’s starting to reoccur; starting to come back to you. You are starting to feel better about it, At the same time, you understand, God is inside you. You have help. You are not doing this alone and you’ll see it; you’ll see it. That’s enough for now. And so it is. Kryon channeled by Lee Carroll in St Louis, August 20, 2016 
SF Source Rosalie Parker Nov. 2016 Share this:",0
1712,Iran defeated by Saudi Arabia at AFC U-19 tournament in Bahrain,"News Bulletin Iranian youngsters lost to Saudi Arabia 6-5 at the semi-finals of the AFC U-19 Championship. 
After putting on a superb performance which resulted in qualifying for next year’s FIFA U-20 World Cup, Iranian youngsters have narrowly lost 6-5 to Saudi Arabia in the semi-finals of the AFC U-19 Championship. 
In what turned out to be an incredible 11-goal thriller, Saudi Arabia scored three times in the first half while the Persians found the back of the net twice. 
The second half was no less exciting as both teams were in attacking mode throughout, demonstrating an unprecedented showdown with both sides scoring three more times each to take the final score to 6-5 for the Saudis. Saudi Arabia will take on Japan who cruised past Vietnman 3-nil in the second semifinal. Loading ...",0
1713,DOJ Agrees: North Carolina Counties Are Purging Black Voters From the Rolls,"DOJ Agrees: North Carolina Counties Are Purging Black Voters From the Rolls Posted on Nov 2, 2016 
By Nadia Prupis / Common Dreams Thousands gathered in Raleigh, North Carolina on Feb. 13, 2916 for the Moral March, which took up voting rights as one of the day’s key issues. The NAACP is now arguing that North Carolina counties cancelled or rejected approximately 4,500 registrations, primarily affecting eligible black voters. (Susan Melkisethian / Flickr)( CC BY-NC-ND 2.0 ) 
The U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) this week issued a statement of interest agreeing with civil rights advocates in North Carolina that the massive Republican-led purging of voter rolls in the state counts as a violation of federal law. 
The statement, issued late Monday in response to the North Carolina NAACP’s emergency lawsuit filed earlier that day, agreed with the plaintiffs that thousands of registrations had been wrongfully challenged in violation of the National Voter Registration Act (NVRA), which states that voters may not be removed from the rolls unless they have been absent for two or more cycles or given written confirmation that they have moved. 
A Winston-Salem court is hearing the NAACP’s case Wednesday. In issuing the statement, the DOJ could help provide the court with a framework for assessing the plaintiffs’ claims that at least three counties—Beaufort, Cumberland, and Moore—had cancelled or rejected approximately 4,500 registrations, primarily affecting eligible black voters. The department occasionally files statements of interest to express its views on cases where it is not a party. 
Advertisement Square, Site wide 
“The purge program at issue here rested on a mass mailing and the silence of voters largely unaware of the potential injury to their voting rights. A perfunctory administrative proceeding to consider evidence produced by a mass mailing does not turn an otherwise prohibited systematic process into an ‘individualized’ removal,” the statement read. 
The suit is asking that wrongfully canceled registrations be restored and that no more names are removed from the lists. 
NAACP president Rev. William Barber II said Monday, “This is our Selma and we will not back down and allow this suppression to continue.” 
“The Tar Heel state is ground zero in the intentional, surgical efforts by Republicans to suppress the voice of voters,” he said. “We’re taking this emergency step to make sure not a single voters’ voice is unlawfully taken away.” TAGS:",0
1714,The Fix Is In on UK Brexit Vote in Parliament,"The Fix Is In on UK Brexit Vote in Parliament November 07, 2016 The Fix Is In on UK Brexit Vote in Parliament 
Britain's plans to leave the European Union will include a vote by parliament on legislation to translate EU law into British law, Brexit minister David Davis said on Monday. 
""European Union law will be transposed into UK law at the time we leave, providing certainty for workers, businesses and consumers,"" Davis said. ""This will be an act of parliament which we intend to have in place before the end of the Article 50 process."" Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories",0
1715,News Outlets Already Report Hillary Losing By Landslide - USA News Insider,"News Outlets Already Report Hillary Losing By Landslide News Outlets Already Report Hillary Losing By Landslide Posted By admin on November 8, 2016 Subscribe In an unlikely and surprisingly early turn of events, news outlets across the country have reported that enough early votes have already come in to determine a winner in this election, making it the earliest call in American history for future President of the United States of America Donald Trump. Thanks to the incredibly fast processing power of computers in this day and age, early votes were counted in record time giving the soon-to-be-President an entire extra day to get ready for his imminent Presidency. The irony of an election called so early, and what Trump would have said had it been called in Hillary’s favor about it being “rigged” is not lost on many Americans. Local pig farmer and regional pie eating champion Kenneth Bacon said of the results, “Now how about that. I was gonna go vote for Hillary tomorrow, but I suppose if it’s a lost cause I’ll just farm some extra pigs. I know when I’m beat and I see no reason to pretend it ain’t how it is!” Many analysts are perplexed by the incredibly early voter turnout in favor of Trump, citing that poll numbers just don’t seem to match up. “I guess Trump supporters are just a close-lipped bunch that keep their opinions to themselves,” said Nate Silver, an American economist and well-respected predictor of both baseball and American elections. “We just couldn’t have seen this coming. 
To be honest with you, I’ve lost a lot of money and am going to have quite a bit of egg on my face when I get into the office tomorrow.” 
Even if every person that hasn’t voted yet in the country rushed out and voted right this minute, Hillary could still not possibly win, meaning those of us that haven’t voted can just sit back and relax. Especially Trump supporters. 
When reached for comment about the victory, Trump had few words, saying only, “Now that I’ve won I’m not going to just sit back and rest on my laurels. I’m going to get out there and start doing my damnedest to make America great again, just like I promised.” ",0
1716,Letter of Recommendation: The Useless Machine - The New York Times,"On the lower   corner of my desk sits a wooden box, roughly the size and shape of a smallish jewelry case and featureless save for a small metal switch on its uppermost surface. From time to time over the course of my workday, I reach out to flick this switch, and a hatch opens at the top of the box, and a small fingerlike projection, driven by a whirring motor within, emerges and pushes the switch back into its original position. Having been switched on, this machine has now fulfilled its sole function of switching itself off again. This device  —   which is known as the Useless Machine, and more rarely as the Leave Me Alone Box  —   was conceived at Bell Laboratories in the early 1950s by the computer scientist Marvin Minsky, a pioneer in the field of artificial intelligence, who was at that point a grad student working a summer job. The first working model was constructed by his mentor, Claude Shannon, who later became known as the father of information theory. This context, the fact that the creators of this aggressively pointless gadget are emblematic figures in the ascendancy of machines over our contemporary world, lends a frisson of historical oddity to what is essentially an executive toy. I developed an affection for this machine  —   for the idea of it, and then, having bought one on eBay, the reality  —   while writing a book about transhumanism, a movement that, among other things, advocates the merger of our bodies with our technologies. Part of the experience of writing the book, of spending time with transhumanists and engaging with their mechanistic ideas about human nature, was an uneasy grappling with the notion that we humans were already biological machines, and that we were destined to be superseded by technologies more sophisticated than ourselves. I was haunted by Minsky’s own infamous claim that the human brain “is just a computer that happens to be made out of meat”  —   an idea as hard to refute as it was unpleasant to think about  —   and by his insistence that our creations would one day be smarter than we are. Despite being a product of Minsky’s strange and fertile imagination, the Useless Machine seemed to me to run counter to this narrative of absolute automation it seemed to react to the idea by switching itself off. There is something charming, and even inspiring, in the paradoxical efficiency of this machine that does nothing, that fulfills its entire purpose by bluntly refusing to fulfill any purpose at all. When I reach over to flick the switch on my Useless Machine and then watch it rouse itself, with patient defiance, to switch itself off again, I wonder whether this is what it might mean for a technology to be truly intelligent: to receive an order and to respond by politely but firmly declining to follow it. The plain contradiction here, of course, is that in refusing to do what it’s told, the machine is stoically following its explicit commands. In this sense, the Useless Machine is like a   koan: a playfully profound riddle on the relationship between humans and technology, and on the nature of intelligence. To watch it switch itself off is to experience something strangely human. Arthur C. Clarke, who encountered Shannon’s prototype of the machine during a visit to Bell Labs in the ’50s, claimed to be disturbed by this spectacle. “The psychological effect, if you do not know what to expect,” he wrote, “is devastating. There is something unspeakably sinister about a machine that does nothing  —   absolutely nothing  —   except switch itself off. ” There is, I agree, a certain uncanniness to the device, but I see nothing sinister about its refusal to be told what to do. We get the word “robot” from the Czech word robota, which means “forced labor. ” The robot has no choice in the matter of what work it does or whether it does it: It submits, by definition, to the will of its owner. As such, the dream of total automation represents a fulfillment of the logic of  : a fusion of the labor force with the means of production, and the absolute ownership of both. Advance flickerings of this vision can be glimpsed on the horizon in the form of Uber’s plans to replace its “ ” with   cars, and Amazon’s testing of   robots and delivery drones. The Useless Machine will have no part of this vision it   refuses to be a robot. And I find it impossible not to admire this defiant  . When I flick its switch and watch the machine flick it back again  —   a process that often escalates into a kind of mechanical slapstick  —   I think of the enigmatic noncompliance of the eponymous legal clerk in Herman Melville’s “Bartleby, the Scrivener. ” I give the machine its instructions, knowing full well what its courteously unyielding response will be: “I would prefer not to. ” And this is why I regard it with such a mixture of affection and reverence: It is mesmerizing, this machine, in its inscrutable and serene resistance. It’s a device that wants nothing and gives nothing: nothing, that is, but to be left alone. Minsky and Shannon themselves referred to the device as the Ultimate Machine  —   a name that didn’t stick, but which reveals something of the ironic   of their invention. It’s a device, in this sense, of ultimate and perfect uselessness.",0
1717,"Clinton emails: FBI chief may have broken law, says top Democrat","October 31, 2016 Clinton emails: FBI chief may have broken law, says top Democrat The Democratic leader in the US Senate says the head of the FBI may have broken the law by revealing the bureau was investigating emails possibly linked to Hillary Clinton. 
Harry Reid accused FBI director James Comey of violating an act which bars officials from influencing an election. 
News of the FBI inquiry comes less than two weeks before the US election. 
The bureau has meanwhile obtained a warrant to search a cache of emails belonging to a top Clinton aide. 
Emails from Huma Abedin are believed to have been found on the laptop of her estranged husband, former congressman Anthony Weiner. 
There are reportedly 650,000 emails to search through on the laptop, making it unlikely investigators can give a verdict on them before election day. 
Mr Reid also accused Mr Comey of withholding “explosive information about close ties between [Republican candidate] Donald Trump, his top advisers, and the Russian government”.",0
1718,"Denuclearizing N. Korea a ‘lost cause,’ US intel chief says","October 26, 2016 Denuclearizing N. Korea a ‘lost cause,’ US intel chief says Convincing North Korea to abandon nuclear weapons is a “lost cause,” America’s top intelligence official said, causing concern in the State Department and ally South Korea over an issue of long-standing US policy. The United States has always maintained it cannot accept North Korea as a nuclear state and, under President Barack Obama, has made any talks with the North conditional on Pyongyang first making some tangible commitment towards denuclearisation. But in remarks to the Council on Foreign Relations think-tank, US Director of National Intelligence James Clapper on Tuesday suggested such a policy was based on wishful thinking. “The notion of getting the North Koreans to denuclearize is probably a lost cause. They are not going to do that. That is their ticket to survival,” Clapper said. “They are under siege, and they are very paranoid. So the notion of giving up their nuclear capability, whatever it is, is a nonstarter with them,” he added.",0
1719,Voting Suspended At French Consulate in New York After Bomb Threat,"NEW YORK (AFP)  —   The French consulate in New York, where thousands of expatriates were registered to cast ballots in their presidential election on Saturday, was briefly evacuated following a bomb threat, officials said. [A suspicious vehicle prompted police to clear the building on Fifth Avenue across from Central Park, Consul General   Legendre said.  “After the Champs Elysees attack, the New York police department was told to be especially vigilant,” she said. Dozens of people who were inside the building at about 5 pm (2100 GMT) waited on the sidewalk while authorities checked the vehicle. The situation returned to normal after about 50 minutes, consulate press officer Amelie Geoffroy said. Voting activities, which were scheduled to take place until 7 pm, also resumed, she added. Some 28, 500 French citizens living in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut are registered to vote at the consulate. Security measures were strengthened at French polling stations across the United States following a jihadist’s killing of a policeman on Paris’ famed Champs Elysees avenue this week.",0
1720,Mark Levin: CNN Is Destroying the First Amendment - Jake Tapper Is ’Evil’ - Breitbart,"Friday on his nationally syndicated radio show, conservative talker Mark Levin, author of the forthcoming book “Rediscovering Americanism: And the Tyranny of Progressivism,” read from a Federalist piece by Ben Domenech laying out how Domenech viewed CNN’s “war” on President Donald Trump.  Domenech argued CNN was sacrificing “balance and centrism” in its quest against Trump. Levin agreed with Domenech’s findings but took it a step further by declaring that CNN was “destroying the First Amendment” and that Trump was right to say the media are evil in some circumstances and singled out CNN’s Jake Tapper. “You can see how CNN has changed its coverage,” Levin said. “CNN is at war with Trump. CNN is violating  —   CNN is destroying the First Amendment and freedom of the press. And when Jake Tapper says, ‘How dare President [Trump] call us evil?’ Jake, you’re evil. You’re unconscionable. All of you  —   because you know exactly what you’re doing. You don’t care. ” Later in the segment, Levin argued there was more truthful reporting on Russia TV than CNN, adding that he had never watched Russia TV before. “I think you get more truthful reporting on Russia TV, which I have never watched in my life, than you get on CNN,” he added. “How do I know? Because you don’t get truthful reporting on CNN. And you know what you’re getting on Russia TV. They call themselves ‘Russia TV.’ ‘Oh  —   must be about Russia or something, Russia TV.’ CNN pretends to be something it’s not  —   an objective news organization. It’s not an objective news organization. They got one clown after another, one fool after another, one Democratic appointee after another. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
1721,MASSIVE LIST: The Times “Tolerant” Libs Got Violent With Trump Supporters,"BREAKING: Smoking Gun! Shock “Clean Up” Order White House Gave When Hillary Emails Broke 
Sept. 26, St. Peter, Minnesota 
As the first presidential debate was about to begin, a woman wearing Trump campaign apparel was assaulted on her way to a debate viewing event. 
Aug. 19, Minneapolis, Minnesota 
Trump supporters had to face an angry leftist mob when they were leaving a Trump fundraiser at the Minneapolis Convention Center. They were hit, pushed and spat on. 
Aug. 13, Oak Ridge, Tennessee 
Vester Bullock, a 68-year-old cancer survivor, was beaten at a garage sale because he wore a Trump pin on his hat. He was assaulted and punched so hard that he lost a tooth. 
Aug. 12, West Hollywood, California 
Two women assaulted pro-Trump activist Tim Treadstone after a Trump rally. They broke his phone, punched him and clawed at his face. They were formally charged with assault and battery. 
Around Aug. 12, West Hollywood, California 
On the night of a rally, Tim Treadstone and other Trump supporters were denied access at a popular Mexican restaurant. Other customers began throwing food and screaming at the group. 
During the rally, “a can of Monster energy drink, eggs and dog feces were also thrown at pro-Trump demonstrators.” 
Aug. 3, Bloomfield, New Jersey 
An assailant attacked a 62-year-old man wearing a pro-Trump T-shirt. 
“The motorist inquired why (the man) was wearing the shirt, directing profanities at him,” a police spokesman stated. “The (victim) continued to walk away as (the) motorist followed him.” 
The motorist hit the man several times with a crowbar, causing injuries to his arms, hands, and thighs. 
June 18, Las Vegas, Nevada 
British national Michael Sandford , 19, tried to take a gun from a local police officer during a Trump rally. He was arrested and reportedly said he intended to use the gun to kill Trump. (The media had no choice but to report this one.) 
June 2, San Jose, California 
Rioters assaulted Trump rally attendees as they left the event while local policed just watched. Since then, 14 of those attacked have filed a class-action lawsuit against the city and Mayor Sam Liccardo. 
April 28, Costa Mesa, California 
Anti-Trump demonstrators threw rocks at moving cars. One bloodied the face of a Trump supporter who was driving away after the rally. 
March 12, Dayton, Ohio 
At the airport, Black Lives Matter supporter Thomas Dimassimo rushed the small stage when Trump was speaking. He was tackled by Secret Service agents before he could reach the GOP candidate and was later charged with disorderly conduct and inducing panic. 
Before the attack, he had tweeted: “I’ve had about all I can take from the violent trump ralliers. Saturday im (sic) going to check my people and spit on their false king.” 
After his release from jail hours later, he tweeted: “F*** you b**** @realDonaldTrump[.]” 
The attack did receive widespread media attention. 
March 11, Chicago, Illinois 
Violent left-wing demonstrators forced a cancellation of Trump’s rally then celebrated shutting it down, which led to the arrest of four people. 
This is by no means a complete list. Other stories continually show that Trump supporters — not Clinton supporters — have been repeatedly denied service, targeted and beaten, chased out of events, and insulted by being cornered and spit on. 
This is nobody’s idea of tolerant. 
H/T Lifezette.com 
Share this story on Facebook and Twitter and be sure to add your thoughts to the comments below: What other reports of violence toward Trump supporters have you heard? Scroll down to comment below! Advertisement Popular Right Now",0
1722,Newsticker (975),"+++ ""Ich leide unter Platzangst"": Luftballon plaudert aus dem Nähkästchen +++ +++ Gib Fötchen: Ärzte in Abtreibungsklinik reden auf Hund ein +++ +++ Prima Donner: Zuschauer begeistert von Sprüngen fettleibiger Balletttänzerin +++ +++ Frosch im Hals: Storch fällt das Sprechen schwer +++ +++ Riesenleck im Boot: Swingerkreuzfahrt gerät in Seenot +++ +++ Hält Newton-Vortrag: Berliner Physikstudent knapp vor Bestnote +++ +++ Hat es auf die Spitze getrieben: Hütehund muss mitsamt Schaf von Berggipfel gerettet werden +++ kop/sod, be+, mvp, evw, marc, len, tei Jetzt bestellen! Der Postillon-Newsticker-Kalender 2017 (nur 9,99€): Der Postillon: +++ Newsticker +++",0
1723,Idaho Mom Loses Two Children for Using Medical Cannabis to Stop Seizures,"Idaho Mom Loses Two Children for Using Medical Cannabis to Stop Seizures Image courtesy of Kutv.com 
by Paul Fassa Health Impact News 
An Idaho mother has lost custody of her two children due to her state’s strict laws regarding marijuana, where it is not legal even for medical purposes for physicians to prescribe. 
Kelsey Osborne, 23, has lost custody of her two young children, son Ryker and daughter Madyson aged two and three respectively, to state Child Protective Services (CPS). Both children were removed even though only Madyson was allegedly treated with cannabis during a horrific seizure episode. Kelsey now faces the charge of “causing injury to a child.” 
Idaho is a bastion of resistance to medical marijuana bordered by three very liberal cannabis states, Washington, Oregon, Colorado, and one medical marijuana state that is improving its access to patients, Montana. Not long ago, a state congressional panel in Idaho rejected a proposal to allow CBD (non-psycho active cannabidiol) for children with seizures. 
This allowance has been granted in several states that still oppose medical marijuana generally. They’re comfortable with allowing it due to the absence of THC (chemical that makes people “high”) with CBD oils and the fact that more and more children are severely epileptic than before, and many pharmaceutical medications are not working but worsening their conditions. 
Instead, Idaho Governor C.L. “Butch” Otter opened up pharmaceutical research for synthetic CBD to be tested among 25 children. Problem is, synthetic pharmaceuticals of any herb or plant cannot exactly duplicate the active ingredient and do not contain the entourage effect of the many balancing compounds the marijuana plant offers. 
CBD and THC are the two major cannabinoids among 60 others in the whole plant. CBD extracted from whole plant hybrid cannabis grown to minimize THC, has demonstrated strong efficacy and safety for epileptic seizures among young children. 
This was the dilemma Kelsey dealt with to pull her daughter Madyson from her intense agony and seizures during her withdrawal from Risperdal, an anti-psychotic drug Madyson was prescribed after her adverse reaction with the MMR vaccine. 
Madyson was prescribed such a strong and dangerous anti-psychotic pharmaceutical because her doctor couldn’t determine the cause of her aggressive behavior and angry outbursts, a manifestation of one aspect of the autism disorder spectrum. Obviously, he wouldn’t confirm that the MMR vaccine caused her spells of aggressive anger. Most pediatricians won’t dare go there. 
During Madyson’s time with Kelsey’s ex-husband, he took Madyson off Risperdal cold turkey. That’s a no-no, considered by many as even more dangerous than taking the drug. 
The next day, Madyson was screaming in pain, vomiting with intense seizures, hallucinating, and begging for help. Evidently, Kelsey was up somewhat on medical cannabis research. If CBD would have been an option, she would have allegedly used that instead. 
But that’s not an option in Idaho. So Kelsey somehow got marijuana with THC then infused it into butter, which she spooned into a smoothie. Within a half-hour, Madyson was relieved of her agonizing symptoms. 
Kelsey had made an appointment with Madyson’s pediatrician and brought her there soon after using the marijuana infused butter to calm her down. The pediatrician took a blood sample. That’s when the THC showed up, compelling the pediatrician to call CPS and report the discovery of THC in a three year old child. 
This is what led to Kelsey losing all custody of her children and being charged with “causing injury to a child.” Her case is scheduled to be heard on December 22, 2016. A Case for the Legalization of Medical Marijuana 
A group called Moms for Marijuana International has picked up the cause of allowing medical marijuana for children by backing up Kelsey in her fight to regain custody of her children and getting acquitted of the prosecution’s charge of “causing injury to a child.” Her trial has been extended for December. 
The CPS case is based solely on the fact that cannabis is completely illegal in Idaho. Kelsey’s attorney R. Thomas Curl argues: 
The state is relying on injury to a child because it’s illegal. It [cannabis] is illegal in Idaho but they cannot demonstrate injury to this child. And if they cannot demonstrate injury to this child they are missing one of the elements of the crime. And if they are missing one of the elements, then they have no case. 
The fact is that Risperdal, especially with the sudden withdrawal conducted by the father, is what caused considerable harm, or actual injury to Madyson. Also, that prescription was given out of refusing to acknowledge the harm allegedly caused by another legal pharmaceutical, the MMR vaccine. 
The reality is that Kelsey’s intervention with cannabis seemed to have rescued her daughter from a hellish nightmare of agonizing seizures, pain, and constant vomiting. 
Interestingly, another group similar to Moms for Marijuana calls itself Mothers Advocating Medical Marijuana for Autism (MAMMA) . Their primary mission is for medical marijuana states, which are currently increasing in number, to consider cannabis, even with THC, as a legal alternative for children diagnosed with autism. 
Only one state, Delaware has that provision in its medical cannabis bylaws. Anecdotal reports have demonstrated that children with resistant cases of autism, especially aggressive behavior, are not always handled with CBD oils or tinctures. 
Often it takes the full spectrum of cannabis oil with THC. Until autism is included as a valid reason for using cannabis, families have to resort to using one or more physiological manifestations of autism that fit within any state’s allowances for their autistic children to benefit. 
Kelsey Osborne’s case may prove to be instrumental in furthering the cause of permitting autism to be included in several medical marijuana states, which have expanded significantly in the recent November 8th, 2016 election. 
Comment on this article at MedicalKidnap.com. 
Sources :",0
1724,Historians Assess Obama’s Legacy Under Trump’s Shadow - The New York Times,"PRINCETON, N. J.  —   Journalism may be the first draft of history. But on Friday, a group of scholars gathered here for what might be an editing session on the second. The occasion was a small conference with the uncolorful title “The Presidency of Barack Obama: A First Historical Assessment. ” While it had been planned more than a year ago, the election had forced more than a few participants to look at the papers they submitted in late October  —   some of which referred to Donald J. Trump confidently in the past tense  —   and shout, “Get me rewrite!” “After election night, I instantly got emails from the participants, asking if we were going to have the same discussion,” Julian E. Zelizer, the Princeton historian who organized the gathering, said before the proceedings. The purpose of the   event, which broke down the Obama presidency into topics including inequality, counterterrorism, immigration, the Supreme Court and race, was to offer what Mr. Zelizer called a historical “first cut,” by scholars who had “lived and felt” the events of President Obama’s terms in office. (The 15 papers, after revisions and editing, will be published in a book by Princeton University Press in about a year  —     by the standards of scholarly publishing.) The mood among the overwhelmingly liberal group  —   in contrast to how some participants recalled a similar gathering in 2008 to assess the presidency of George W. Bush, in the giddy days after President Obama’s election  —   was decidedly grim. The conference turned out to be “good practice for saying ‘the Trump presidency’ without the words getting stuck in your throat,” Meg Jacobs, a research scholar at Princeton, said wryly. Ms. Jacobs, whose paper discussed President Obama’s energy policies, noted the degree to which many policy achievements described in the papers relied on executive action, which can be easily reversed by a subsequent president, and waved her hand: gone. During the formal discussion, the nearly two dozen scholars gathered around a square table in a sunny conference room mostly stuck to the dispassionate long view, putting President Obama in the context of broad political and social forces. But occasional bulletins from the outside world underscored the feeling of being bunkered in a scholarly equivalent of the Situation Room, tracking the loss of more and more territory. “Newsflash: Paul Ryan just announced that he wants to privatize Medicare,” Michael Kazin, a professor at Georgetown University, interjected during a discussion of the political implications of the Affordable Care Act’s policy design. “So that will be interesting. ” The nearly seven hours of discussion on Friday included debate on many   questions: Did the Obama presidency represent as much of a sharp break with that of George W. Bush as people might assume? Are the American people as divided as the extreme polarization of the political system suggests? What was more important to Republican political dominance: gerrymandering or conservative media? Several participants said that reading all the papers made them realize that President Obama had gotten more done,   in the face of relentless opposition than they had thought. But at the same time, many noted, his policies had often been designed in ways that failed  —   fatally, it seemed in retrospect  —   to generate political credit. One of the most ringing cases came from the sociologist Paul Starr, whose paper argued that President Obama, contrary to widespread belief, made significant progress in reducing income inequality, once benefits like food stamps and health care were factored in. He also offered a progressive defense of the 2009 stimulus package, citing what he called “a stunning piece of data”: In the absence of the stimulus and related measures, he said, the poverty rate would have gone up by 4. 5 percentage points. Instead it only went up 0. 5 percentage points. If his paper was guardedly optimistic, his postelection verdict was not. “I’m afraid all of what he did relating to reducing inequality is going to be wiped out,” he said. The theme of a “stealth state”  —   which allowed President Obama to push policies in ways that avoided triggering opposition, but also prevented building support for government action  —   also came up in the discussions of education and environmental policy. And there was debate about President Obama’s efforts, or lack thereof, to strengthen the Democratic Party itself, and about how much personality  —   the X factor that academic historians, unlike journalists and most popular historians of the presidency, tend to play down  —   mattered to events of the last eight years. After the formal discussion wrapped, Mr. Zelizer, the author of “The Fierce Urgency of Now: Lyndon Johnson, Congress and the Battle for the Great Society,” said he found himself puzzling over the paradox of President Obama’s astute political intelligence on the one hand, and his lack of attention to the partisan side of politics on the other. “That’s why having this conversation after Trump makes a difference,” he said. “You really see how not taking partisan political considerations seriously enough can cost the party and the country  —   if you’re a Democrat  —   a huge amount. ” At a group dinner on Friday night at a nearby Italian restaurant, there was plenty of wine and gallows humor. Gary Gerstle, a professor at the University of Cambridge, in a toast, jokingly proposed a theme for the group’s next gathering: secession. There were comparisons to Brexit, and with Europe in the 1930s. “Except now, given what’s happened in the United States,” Mr. Gerstle asked, “who’s going to save the world this time?” “Germany!” someone shouted. Jonathan Zimmerman, a historian of education at the University of Pennsylvania, said he wondered if 200 years from now, the most striking thing about President Obama to historians might not be that he was the first   president, but that he had a “different character from most people who become president. ” “We usually elect people who are the kind of people who want other people to really like them,” he said. “But he doesn’t seem to be that way at all. ” Mr. Gerstle said he hoped the first draft of the historians’ papers, all written under the shadow of a presumed Clinton victory, would be saved, to provide a lesson for future scholars about the contingency of history. “We’re always teaching our students not to write Whiggish history,” he said. “But it’s easy to get conscripted into telling the story of your nation, where you disregard the losers and champion the winners. ” “Trump’s election may end up being a turning point, and historians will want to tell the story as if it were destined to happen,” he continued. “But we were not totally crazy to think it wouldn’t. ”",0
1725,Sessions: ’I Have Not Met With Any Russians at Any Time to Discuss Any Political Campaign’ - Breitbart,"In @NBCNews exclusive video AG Sessions says he will recuse himself from Russia investigation whenever appropriate: pic. twitter.  In a clip that aired on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” on Thursday from earlier in the day, Attorney General Jeff Sessions denied having met with Russian officials to discuss Donald Trump’s presidential campaign despite allegations that appeared a Washington Post story published late Wednesday night.  “I have not met with any Russians at any time to discuss any political campaign,” Sessions said. “And those remarks are unbelievable to me and are false, and I don’t have anything else to say about that. ” If necessary, Sessions vowed to recuse himself from any investigation. “I have said whenever it is appropriate, I will recuse myself,” he added. “There’s no doubt about that. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
1726,Tollywood rugby is much better than other forms of rugby,"Next Prev Swipe left/right Tollywood rugby is much better than other forms of rugby Perhaps it’s just the sound effects or gloriously over the top cartoon violence, but this scene from the 2004 Telugu film Sye makes rugby look far more entertaining than usual.",0
1727,U.S.G.A. Regrets ‘Distraction’ in Ruling Against Dustin Johnson - The New York Times,"Organizers of the United States Open said Monday they regretted the “distraction caused” by their decision to wait until after the final round to issue a   penalty to the eventual champion, Dustin Johnson. A day after the lack of an immediate ruling created uncertainty for hours in the climactic moments of the country’s national championship, the United States Golf Association, however, did not back down from its decision to enforce the penalty based on its examination of the various factors when Johnson’s golf ball moved as he was preparing to putt on the fifth green Sunday. Although Johnson had consulted with a rules official on the green after his ball moved and had been allowed to continue without penalty, he was informed by U. S. G. A. officials on the 12th tee that after video review, he might still be penalized a stroke. That set in motion a situation rarely seen in sports, in which Johnson’s actual score was not known even as the competition was winding down. Johnson ended up building a large lead over the rest of the field, which assured him victory as he putted out on the 18th green for his first major championship. Johnson was then assessed the penalty but still won by three strokes. “Upon reflection, we regret the distraction caused by our decision to wait until the end of the round to decide on the ruling,” the U. S. G. A. said its statement. “It is normal for rulings based on video evidence to await the end of a round, when the matter can be discussed with the player before the score card is returned. While our focus on getting the ruling correct was appropriate, we created uncertainty about where players stood on the leader board after we informed Dustin on the 12th tee that his actions on the fifth green might lead to a penalty. “This created unnecessary ambiguity for Dustin and the other players, as well as spectators on site, and those watching and listening on television and digital channels. ” The U. S. G. A. also indicated it might handle the same situation differently in the future. “We will assess our procedures for handling video review, the timing of such, and our communication with players to make sure that when confronted with such a situation again, we will have a better process,” the U. S. G. A. said. The U. S. G. A.’s handling of the episode, including the decision not to make a definitive ruling in the midst of the competition, induced harsh criticism on Twitter from some of the most prominent players in golf. Among them, the defending United States Open champion Jordan Spieth called what was transpiring “a joke. ” But the U. S. G. A. defended the decision to impose the penalty. “Our officials reviewed the video of Dustin on the fifth green and determined that based on the weight of the evidence, it was more likely than not that Dustin caused his ball to move,” the organization said in its statement. “Dustin’s putter contacted the ground at the side of the ball, and almost immediately after, the ball moved. ”",0
1728,"Cover-Up Happening Now – Remember, Remember The 5th Of November – Warning!","Leave a reply 
Bill Still – Good morning, I’m still reporting on 4Chan. 
If TruePundit is right again, then there are movements of FBI agents tonight that suggest a massive raid happening tomorrow in the DC metro area that may involve arrests and seizure of evidence in the Clinton Foundation investigation. 
I think I can hear the sound of thousands of computers being scrubbed by BleachBit from Leesburg, Virginia to Bowie, Maryland when I walk outside. And if so, then tomorrow a mighty blow for freedom will be struck as the first step towards the restoration of the rule of law is taken. 
But first, this letter from Anonymous writing on 4Chan making some interesting predictions. 
First of all, what is 4Chan? 
See also SR 1318 – Huma Abedin FLIPPED in NYPD Slimy Sex Probe – Crooked Hillary May Be Involved 
It is a message board that is designed from the ground up to be totally anonymous. Users don’t even have to pick a username. Posts are time sensitive – less time for R-rated discussion threads – more time for G or PG rated ones. So, the reliability of the comments can only be judged by knowledge of the context surrounding the comments. 
I did a story on 4Chan on Aug. 3, 2016, Still Report #1091 . Since I thought it was true, I ran the story then. Now, it no longer seems a bit flaky, because much of it has panned out. 
The particular 4Chan thread that pertained to whether or not Hillary Clinton would not be recommended for indictment by FBI Director Jim Comey was announced by an anonymous FBI Analyst. 
Now management of the thread has apparently been taken over by Anonymous. The previous author may have met his fate at the hands of the conspirators attempting to steal the American election. What follows is the message, dated Nov. 3, 2016 @00:43:33: 
“Over the next few days many new documents will be released. The contents of these documents will contain evidence of perhaps the largest cover-up in American history. 
”Before this happens we would like to explain ourselves and answer a few questions you may have.” 
”Until this month, WikiLeaks and Anonymous have worked together building an efficient, detailed, comprehensive set of documents that would be responsible for the incarceration of Hillary Clinton, Bill Clinton, and 21 individuals ranging from the DNC, FBI, CIA, and Clinton Foundation. 
”These documents will show without a doubt, the evidence of treason, obstruction of justice, election fraud manipulation, and bribery. 
“This was intended to be the October surprise. But before the release of these documents, we were contacted by a member of the FBI, as well as another from the CIA, and a week later by the NYPD. All with information pertaining to something much darker than even we imagine. Due to the nature of these leaks, we all work together as efficiently as possible to ensure two objectives: 1. That all necessary information would be given to the public in an organized, searchable, manageable way. 2. Those who provided us with this information would be able to find safety before these releases were made (this concern wasn’t without warrant). 
The new leaks being released this week will provide documents in the form of emails pictures and videos. Within these will be evidence of Bill Clinton, as well as, at least, six other government officials, taking part in sexual acts with minors. As well as evidence of human trafficking that also included minors. We believe these pictures and videos were taken for the purpose of political manipulation in order to make sure all participants followed through on a previously agreed agenda. 
These documents were given to us by an American government official when he had come to learn that this crime had been covered up by Hillary and her staff through methods including bribery and blackmail. He also told us that due to the restricted access of these documents they would soon know he was the one who released them to us. We were trying to make arrangements for him to exit the country safely, but he was killed before those arrangements could be carried out. 
Remember, remember, the 5th of November. I’m still reporting from Washington. Good day. SF Source Bill Still Nov. 2016 Share this:",0
1729,Gary Cohn Relaunches War on Coal: Fuel from America’s Heartland ‘Doesn’t Make Much Sense Anymore’ - Breitbart,"White House National Economic Council director Gary Cohn, a former Goldman Sachs banking executive, has reopened the U. S. government’s war on coal in direct contravention of directions from President Donald Trump. [“Coal doesn’t even make that much sense anymore as a feedstock,” Cohn said in Europe on Air Force One, while speaking for the White House to the press, the New York Times’ Brad Plumer noted.  “Natural gas, which we have become an abundant producer, which we’re going to become a major exporter is, is such a cleaner fuel,” Cohn continued. Trump adviser Gary Cohn a bit   on Air Force One, per pool report: “Coal doesn’t even make that much sense anymore as a feedstock” pic. twitter.   —   brad plumer (@bradplumer) May 26, 2017,  Cohn’s comments against the coal industry come as he has attempted to steer President Trump in a direction against his campaign promise to remove the United States from the Paris Climate Accords, a deal that Sen. Rand Paul ( ) has told Breitbart News would cost at least six million American jobs. Paul and 21 of his GOP U. S. Senate colleagues have written to President Trump urging him to follow through on his pledge to remove the U. S. from the   deal and stand up for the coal industry in the United States. Trump repeatedly campaigned on defending coal workers —  people previous presidents and his Democratic opponent former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton worked to undermine. Former President Barack Obama’s administration —  was brutal to the coal  industry —  something Clinton campaigned on continuing. As the Trump administration has made great strides in rolling back   regulations on the coal industry, moving the government out of the way, President Trump announced to the American people back at the end of March that “the war on coal is over. ” But it seems the war on coal is being relaunched by his economic adviser Cohn, who now calls coal obsolete and unclean. Cohn’s comments are sure to cause serious backlash among Republicans and Democrats on Capitol Hill, since there is bipartisan support nationwide for protecting coal workers.",0
1730,The Trio to Rio - The New York Times,"TARTU, Estonia  —   As Lea Luik waited in a   taxi, her husband, Henno, carried their newborns from the nursery. One, then two, then three. In retellings, the punch line is always the taxi driver’s reaction: “Are you going to empty the whole hospital?” The sisters Leila, Liina and Lily had been born a month premature. None weighed more than four and a half pounds. For several weeks, home was an intensive care unit. Thirty years later, the sisters are Olympic marathon runners for this tiny Baltic nation  —   and they are believed to be the first triplets to have qualified for the Winter or Summer Games. The Trio to Rio, the alliterative sisters call themselves as they prepare to run the women’s marathon in Rio de Janeiro on Aug. 14. “We had to fight to survive when we were born,” Lily Luik (pronounced  ) said in a recent interview in this quiet university town with its floating saunas that putter down the Mother River. “We have this spirit to push hard. ” The International Olympic Committee said that it did not track siblings but that “various trusted sources reported it will be the first time that triplets compete at the Games. ” Among those sources is Bill Mallon, an American who   the International Society of Olympic Historians and keeps a database of 12, 000 Olympic athletes and their relatives. Two hundred sets of twins have competed at the Games, Mallon said, almost always in the same events, including the canoeists Pavol and Peter Hochschorner of Slovakia, who won gold medals in doubles slalom in 2000, 2004 and 2008. But Mallon said he was “99. 99 percent sure” that no triplets had ever participated in the same or in separate Olympics. “It’s rare enough that we would have heard about it,” he said. “This just doesn’t happen. ” It might seem rarer still to find elite triplets from a country like Estonia, which secured its independence from the former Soviet Union in 1991, has little tradition of female distance running and has a population of only 1. 3 million  —   one of the smallest in the European Union. (Joke: Estonia has an immigration problem. Three families moved in. O. K. that’s low. The real number is seven.) Not until six years ago, when they were 24, did the Luik sisters even begin running seriously. “It’s amazing that they will go to the Olympics in the same event,” said Harry Lemberg, who coaches the triplets. “It’s such a small country. ” Each nation is permitted a maximum of three athletes in each Olympic marathon. The Luik sisters qualified for the marathon standard of 2 hours 45 minutes. Leila has a personal best of 2 hours 37 minutes 11 seconds. Liina’s fastest time is 2:39:42, and Lily’s is 2:40:30. Coincidentally or not, their order of career bests matches their order of birth. These times do not compare to the Olympic record, 2:23:07, set by Tiki Gelana of Ethiopia when she won gold at the 2012 London Games. No Luik sister is expected to challenge for a medal in Rio. Still, Liina Luik finished 27th at the 2015 world track and field championships in Beijing with her fastest race and hopes to crack the top 20 in Brazil. Lily Luik finished 38th at the world championships. Given Estonia’s slight history of female distance running, said Taavi Kalju, an Olympic historian, “it would be great if they finish in the top 50” in Rio. Coaching triplets, Lemberg said, has its benefits and challenges. Marathon running is a solitary endeavor that can be lonely and isolating. The Luik sisters effectively make up a team that provides unfailing support and encouragement and the opportunity to test limits against familiar and uncritical rivals. “Three together, we get so much energy from each other,” Leila Luik said. “No one wants to be the slowest. We push, push, push. ” Once shy, and reluctant to draw attention to themselves, the sisters are now ebullient and funny. They finish one another’s sentences and tell   stories about their   hair. (“We are really brown, like potatoes. ”) Few can easily tell them apart, but as runners, the triplets do not have precisely the same speed or   capacity. They do not recover in exactly the same way from strenuous training. In their alikeness, there is variance. Understanding this, Lemberg now sometimes devises separate workouts for each sister. He said he took advice from Renato Canova, a highly regarded coach of German twins, Anna and Lisa Hahner, who are also scheduled to run the Olympic marathon in Rio. “If you are together, you believe all the time, ‘My sister will help me,’” Lemberg said. “If you are alone, you are not taking help. You have to do it yourself. You are more of a competitor. ” The sisters say they understand. As girls, they experienced anxiety when separated at school. Now they live apart. They will turn 31 in October and will be forever close, but they are also adults living their own lives. Liina spends much of her time with her boyfriend in Tallinn, the Estonian capital. Leila is engaged to be married. Leila and Lily are artists and have begun to sell their work, flowers and landscapes and portraits. And also swans, the English translation of their family name, which appear on coffee mugs and on their windproof running jackets. “If you are alone, you have to make yourself keep an eye on your body and your rhythm,” said Liina Luik, who has swans tattooed on her forearm. “If you are together, maybe the stronger one does a little weaker than she should in a workout. Or the weaker sister overtrains. ” Lemberg is also sensitive to another aspect of coaching triplets. He speaks to them collectively, and individually, but he has a rule of not speaking privately about one sister’s training or health or personal life to another sister. “If he speaks about me, it shouldn’t be to the others,” Liina Luik said. “We don’t like that. ” In Rio, the sisters are tempted to pace one another, or to draft off one another if the day is windy, to experience the highlight of their careers in unison, identical triplets with identical results. But it is impossible to predict how a marathon will unfold. To achieve their best results, they know they may have to run apart, not together. As of now, Lemberg said, the strategy may be for Liina, who is in the best form, to run ahead while Leila and Lily run behind. Leila and Lily laughed when told this and said they would yell at Liina, “Look out, the other two are coming!” Liina Luik said she felt somewhat torn about how to run the Olympic marathon. “As a sportsman in Rio, it is best to run your personal best,” she said. “If you think like a team or like sisters or with your heart, maybe the best way is to finish together. It’s good if we are together. But if I feel my personal best coming, I’ll go. ” Preterm birth and low birth weight are common among triplets. But according to experts in pediatrics, by 1985, when the Luik sisters were born, Estonian doctors had begun to challenge the Soviet tradition that limited physical contact between mothers and their newborns in the hospital and kept fathers away entirely. Some Estonian doctors advocated mothers   in intensive care units and said mothers and fathers should have close, loving contact with their babies as soon and as often as possible after birth. The Luik sisters became so active from a young age that their grandmother would tell their mother, “These girls don’t know how to walk they just run. ” Still, Lea Luik put her daughters into music lessons, preferring that they play the piano, the cello and the violin instead of taking part in sports. Even now, she said, laughing, she does not want them to be marathon runners. Lily Luik said: “She doesn’t think professional sport is normal for women. She thinks when we get older, we’ll be in a wheelchair. ” The triplets became professional   and show dancers after high school, taught dance lessons and appeared in a music video. They also worked as lifeguards, which required running as part of training. A colleague suggested that they try competitive running. In 2010, they sought a coach in Lemberg, who is chairman of the Tartu University Academic Sports Club. By 2011, Liina and Leila Luik divvied up national titles at 10, 000 meters, the   and the marathon. Dancing seemed to help them as runners, Lemberg said, strengthening their ankles, straightening their posture, contributing to their whispery, economical strides. “I thought they just wanted to be weekend runners,” he said. “After a year, I understood that they wanted something more serious. ” Estonian men have won two Olympic gold medals in track and field since the fall of the Eastern bloc. Erki Nool won the decathlon at the 2000 Sydney Games, and Gerd Kanter won the discus at the 2008 Beijing Games. But Estonia’s female distance runners have had limited international success. The national women’s marathon record, 2:27:04, was set nearly two decades ago, in 1997, by Jane Salumae, who won   marathons in Rome, Los Angeles and Vienna and took fourth at the 2002 European championships, but finished no higher than 44th in two Olympic appearances. Perhaps, the Luik sisters said, their visibility will draw more Estonian women into distance running. A   run for women drew more than 10, 000 participants in May in Tallinn. “We show that it is never too late to start a professional career,” Liina Luik said. After Rio, the sisters will consider whether to continue toward the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. And, they said, they might challenge the world record, 2:15:25, held by Paula Radcliffe of England. But of course they were joking. Perhaps, they said, each could run a third of a marathon in a furtive relay, one jumping in for the other along the course with competitors not knowing the difference. Leila Luik laughed. “Maybe we hide in the bushes,” she said.",0
1731,"Blue State Blues: South Africa’s Democratic Experiment, in Crisis - Breitbart","For more than two decades, South Africa has symbolized the hope that the principles of liberty are universal  —   that the shared values of the free world can transcend divisions of race and culture, and the challenges of economic inequality. [The country’s relatively peaceful transition from apartheid to democracy inspired great expectations for its future. But now South Africa has entered a deep political and economic crisis for which it seems to have no easy answers.  Many South Africans blame the troubled administration of President Jacob Zuma. He took over the ruling party, the African National Congress (ANC) in 2007, and was elected in 2009 atop a populist wave. His supporters expected him to dislodge the country’s establishment  —   both the old white establishment and the new black elite  —   and fulfill the redistributionist promises that the party has made to voters since the first fully democratic elections in 1994. But Zuma was dogged by allegations of corruption even then, and those concerns have deepened over the years. First, investigations revealed that the president had spent vast amounts of public money on his private homestead. More recently, South Africans have been alarmed by the exposure of a network of influence inside Zuma’s administration controlled by the powerful Gupta family. Public support for Zuma has sunk, and the ANC is quietly fracturing. Meanwhile, South Africa’s economy entered an official recession this week, after economic growth fell below zero for the second straight quarter, defying rosier predictions to the contrary. Unemployment is soaring: South Africa’s official unemployment rate is now 27. 7% the highest in 13 years. The country has also suffered ratings downgrades from international credit agencies, giving the government less room to maneuver in stimulating economic growth. Conditions would seem ripe for the opposition, led by the Democratic Alliance (DA) to seize the advantage. (Full disclosure: I worked for the DA from 2002 to 2006 as a speechwriter for   of the Opposition Tony Leon.) Until recently, the DA was looking very strong, having won most of the country’s big cities in last year’s municipal elections. There were hopes that it could achieve the   feat of dislodging the ANC from power. However, the DA is wracked by internal conflict. The trigger for the internal fight was the reaction to a set of tweets by prominent DA figure Helen Zille, who governs the Western Cape province, in which she admired Singapore’s model of governance, which sees some aspects of colonialism as positive. Zille was then accused of downplaying colonialism’s evils, and is currently being railroaded by party leaders through a kangaroo court disciplinary process. That   row reflects deeper fault lines about the ideological direction of the party. The DA needs to win black votes to compete at the national level. But it remains unclear how the party is to achieve that  —   whether by converting a broader electorate to its classical liberal vision of small government, or by becoming a more palatable version of the ANC, offering black voters the statist policies that they are more used to seeing, with a lighter touch. Meanwhile, on top of “third word problems” like violent crime, inadequate public education, and an HIV epidemic, South Africa has imported the “first world problems” of identity politics to the nation’s college campuses. In 2015, students at the University of Cape Town succeeded in convincing the administration to remove a statue of Cecil John Rhodes. Last year, they set fire to paintings of white people, one of which was an   painting. The country’s foreign relations have also suffered. The South African government has built closer ties with Russia, but on the basis of a nuclear power deal that is alleged to be corrupt. At the same time, relations with the U. S. under President Barack Obama deteriorated, starting with differences over the Libya War and continuing through a recent   dispute, which saw the Obama administration threaten to suspend South African trade benefits. The good news is that South Africa’s current crisis could still provide an opportunity for political change. The bad news is that the country’s prevailing political culture remains statist and   meaning that most of the proposed ideas for fixing the country’s problems will only make them worse. The country needs new ideas and new leadership. How it resolves its present crisis will determine its future  —   and, perhaps, that of Africa, and the ideals of the West. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
1732,Trying to Smoke Out the Players in the Hacking of the D.N.C. - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   American intelligence agencies believe that the Russian government was behind the theft of emails and documents from the Democratic National Committee, but many questions remain about how the documents made their way to WikiLeaks, which released them. Before the WikiLeaks release, a large sampling was published by several news organizations and a hacker called Guccifer 2. 0, who investigators now believe was an agent of the G. R. U. Russia’s military intelligence service. American intelligence agencies say the earlier leaks from Guccifer and the WikiLeaks material have the same bits of code and telltale metadata traced to previous intrusions attributed to the G. R. U. or the F. S. B. another Russian spy agency. However, Julian Assange, the editor of WikiLeaks, makes a distinction between the Democratic National Committee material he released and the earlier releases by Guccifer and others, saying there is no proof that the Russians gave him the documents. In recent weeks, Mr. Assange has threatened to take his revelations to a new level. In August, some of the National Security Agency’s source code for breaking into foreign computer systems  —   the holy grail of the N. S. A. ’s Tailored Access Operations unit  —   was revealed on a website, with the announcement of an auction for the remainder of it. Mr. Assange then declared he would soon publish the rest on WikiLeaks free. So far he has not. Most experts say the code  —   the digital equivalent of codes for the release of weapons  —   could have come only from one of two sources: another N. S. A. insider like Edward J. Snowden or, more likely, an external computer server that the N. S. A. ’s   artists used in the course of an operation. If they had left their digital tool kit on that server, and the Russians or another power was already inside that network, the code would have been stolen. The N. S. A. has not said whether the code released was real or where it came from. This week, suspicions of Russian tampering took a new turn with reports that earlier this summer, the F. B. I. warned election officials in Arizona about Russian hackers targeting   systems there. The Senate minority leader, Harry Reid of Nevada, asked the F. B. I. to investigate, writing to the director, James B. Comey, that the threat of Russian interference “is more extensive than is widely known and may include the intent to falsify official election results. ” The administration has stopped short of publicly accusing the Russian government of engineering the theft of the Democratic National Committee emails, presumably to buy time for President Obama to make a decision. James R. Clapper Jr. the director of national intelligence, said last month that American spy agencies were not yet prepared to publicly identify a culprit.",0
1733,Gainor: Left-Wing Media Smears Anti-Sharia March,"Dan Gainor of the Media Research Center joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Monday to discuss the media’s smearing of this weekend’s   protesters as Islamophobic and a hate group. [Gainor also addressed the issue in a Media Research Center item here:  The conservative group ACT for America held   rallies across America on Saturday and the liberal media covered them as organized by a hate group  —   as designated by the   Southern Poverty Law Center (but liberals present them as objective!) The Washington Post headline in the Sunday paper was “  activists fan out in U. S. ” The story by Abigail Hauslohner and Justin Moyer began: “  activists hoisted American flags and delivered fiery speeches in rallies across the country Saturday, facing off against crowds of   in several cities and exposing the visceral rage that has come to define America’s political extremes. ” Asked today which network was the worst offender, Gainor said, “Whether it’s the Washington Post, NBC, Associated Press, they all refer to the   rallies that took place around the country as result of Act of America, they referred to it as  . For people who are supposed to be intellectual, they don’t get nuance. ” “They’re the ones who keep referring to things as ” said Gainor, adding, media “has moved so far radically Left and so disconnected from ordinary Americans, it’s the media of New York, of L. A. of Washington and damn everybody else who doesn’t live in those places. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
1734,"Obama Oversees Year of Mass Regulation, Record 97,000 Pages of Red Tape - Breitbart","President Barack Obama’s administration has added record levels of new regulation in the year 2016, with 18 regulations added for every new law, according to a new analysis by the Competitive Enterprise Institute. [Whilst Congress passed 211 laws over the course of the year, they had an accompanying 3, 852 new federal regulations, costing billions of dollars in both implementation and losses to businesses. This was 443 more regulations than 2015.  There was also a record number of pages of red tape, with 97, 110 pages printed on the 2016 Federal Register. However the level of regulation per new law passed is still down considerably compared to  2013, when the Obama administration introduced 3659 new regulations for just 72 new laws, a record 51 pieces of regulation for every new law. The record for overall new regulation is still held by George. W. Bush in 2003, who introduced 4148 new rules to improve security following the   terror attacks, 21 one pieces of regulation for every law. However, the report states that “the multiple [of number of regulations per law passed] did tend to be higher during Obama administration. Bush’s eight years averaged 20, while Obama’s   have averaged 29. ” “There’s no pattern to any of this, since the numerators and denominators can vary widely there had been 114 laws in 2015, and a multiple of 39. The multiple can be higher with fewer laws, or with more regulations, holding the other constant. The point is that agencies do the bulk of lawmaking, no matter the party in power,” the report continued. Throughout the election campaign,   Donald Trump promised to cut taxation as well as much federal regulation that has risen under Obama. A report from the American Action Forum found that will save the financial services industry at least $1. 7 billion per year. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
1735,"This Is What Gold Does In A Currency Crisis, Brexit Edition","This Is What Gold Does In A Currency Crisis, Brexit Edition   
by John Rubino 
In June the UK shocked the world – or at least the world’s elites – by voting to pull out of the European Union. Economists predicted disaster, EU leaders threatened pain for British exporters and tourists, and the media settled in to watch the UK shrivel and die. 
Four months later, the appropriate response is a yawn rather than a scream. UK economy set to shrug off Brexit in latest GDP figures…For now 
(CNBC) – The first indications of how the U.K. economy is performing in the aftermath of the Brexit vote will be known this Thursday, with the release of quarterly gross domestic product (GDP) figures.Analysts told CNBC they forecast a 0.4 percent growth in the third quarter of this year – an “upside surprise” following the decision last June to leave the European Union. Prior to the vote, many market observers were pointing to economic contractions if voters opted to leave the EU. 
The pound, however, did fall hard in foreign exchange markets… 
…which is actually great news for British exporters, who are winning round one of the post-Brexit currency war by selling suddenly-much-cheaper stuff to the rest of the world. 
The only losers? Britons who held their savings in local currency and saw the value of their bank accounts fall dramatically. But their solution was actually pretty simple: convert their pounds to gold and watch it soar. 
Britons who did this are up about 25%, which is a pretty good year’s work for any money manager, amateur or professional. 
As the “but in the long run Brexit will still be a disaster” drumbeat gets louder and negotiations with the EU drag on, gold should remain a simple, low-stress way for anyone with pounds to sail through the process unscathed. 
The broader lesson? As the world descends into debt-driven chaos in coming years, the above charts will be replicated in most national currencies, giving all of us chance to learn from the UK’s example.",0
1736,"UC Berkeley Extremists Dox Student MILO Event Hosts, Post Personal Details and Workplace Address - Breitbart","A group of   extremists at UC Berkeley have doxed the student hosts behind MILO’s upcoming event on campus, posting personal details, photographs, email addresses, social media accounts, and even one of the student’s workplace addresses. [In their post entitled “The Kids Are  : The UC Berkeley Students Behind the Milo Event,” the   website and group known as “It’s Going Down” posted the personal details of five student organizers in an attempt to intimidate and harass those behind MILO’s upcoming event on February 1st.  IGD listed the organizers’ names and pictures, supposedly taken after stalking the students’ private social media accounts, and attempted to link many of the students to white supremacy and racism purely based on their   Trump and Republican stances. The group even referred to one of the students as a “snitch” due to the fact that he had reported a violent incident to the police, after he was assaulted by   protesters and had his property destroyed. After attacking another student, citing the various comedy meme pages on Facebook he likes, the group proceeded to write “This is where [the student] works,” along with the full address, phone number, and website of his employers. “While not every member of BCR seems to be directly connected with   politics, at the same time, they are still involved in promoting a political party that holds the most reactionary, racist, and ecocidal platform in history,” noted the organization at the end of their post, despite attempting to link every student organizer to white supremacy just shortly beforehand. “While the institutional Left of Berkeley and the wider bay area, which has a stranglehold on the region, deserves no free pass, nor do the Republicans, as one of the two managers of the plantation that is America. ” “The white nationalists at its edges of this system are just the crystallization of the larger politics that has been mainstreamed under Trump that white supremacy needs to be strengthened in the wake of the Black Lives Matter movement and other popular struggles from below” they continued. “It’s up to all of us to realize that both the auxiliary force to the State of the white nationalist   it’s ‘hipster’ reactionary talking heads like Milo, and the ‘respectable’ Republican party they seek to influence and defend, are all our enemies. Let’s start treating them as such and organize accordingly. ” Despite orchestrating a harassment campaign against the student organizers of MILO’s event, and urging readers to start treating Republicans as “enemies,” the group claims in their about page to “not condone or promote illegal, violent, and unlawful behavior or actions, or acts of intimidation against individuals or groups. ” “It is a dangerous precedent in an academic environment for student groups to be subjected to harassment and cyber doxxing based on political affiliation,” said the President of the Associated Students of the University of California, Will Morrow. “This goes beyond any singular political frame or any one event context  —   rather this is something that the foundation of our university is in many ways built on. ” “The article is wrong in the moral sense and in the factual sense,” said Matt Ronnau, who was listed in the post, but claims to have not been involved in organizing MILO’s event. “When I didn’t know (that I was named) I thought it would be interesting but then seeing my information on there was   …     a little scary. ” Another student listed, Nick Winterer, claimed that he wasn’t even associated with the Berkeley College Republicans, and instead used to be affiliated with the Cal Students for Liberty —   a group he is no longer active with. “I can’t say that I’ve been affected in any way by my information being posted,” said Winterer. “I will say that I find it disrespectful that no attempt was made to verify the accuracy of the information posted. ” It’s Going Down (IGD) also falsely claimed in the post that the #GamerGate consumer revolt movement was a harassment campaign against women where men made “threats of rape and sexual assault,” against feminists. They also attempted to falsely associate both Breitbart News and MILO with white nationalism and racism. Several of the affected students have either deleted or hidden their Facebook accounts which were linked in the article. College administrators at UC Berkeley issued the student organizers with a sudden large security fee this week, demanding $6, 370 less than a month before the event —   a tactic frequently used by universities in an attempt to get the event cancelled. In addition to the security fee issue, a group of professors at UC Berkeley are attempting to get MILO banned from the campus, falsely accusing the Breitbart senior editor of advocating “white supremacy. ” Though the professors claimed to support freedom of speech and “open debate” in their letter, they declared MILO to be an exception, and called upon Chancellor Dirks to ban him from campus. UPDATE: IGD responded to Breitbart’s request for comment, defending the piece by claiming that they merely published an article written by someone else. “F*ck you,” they then concluded in the email. This story has been updated to list the correct position of student Will Morrow. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
1737,Online School Enriches Affiliated Companies if Not Its Students - The New York Times,"COLUMBUS, Ohio  —   The Electronic Classroom of Tomorrow, an online charter school based here, graduated 2, 371 students last spring. At the commencement ceremony, a student speaker triumphantly told her classmates that the group was “the   graduating high school class in the nation. ” What she did not say was this: Despite the huge number of graduates  —   this year, the school is on track to graduate 2, 300  —   more students drop out of the Electronic Classroom or fail to finish high school within four years than at any other school in the country, according to federal data. For every 100 students who graduate on time, 80 do not. Even as the national   graduation rate has hit a record high of 82 percent, publicly funded online schools like the Electronic Classroom have become the new dropout factories. These schools take on students with unorthodox needs  —   like serious medical problems or experiences with bullying  —   that traditional districts may find difficult to meet. But with no physical classrooms and high    ratios, they cannot provide support in person. “If you’re disconnected or struggling or you haven’t done well in school before, it’s going to be tough to succeed in this environment,” said Robert Balfanz, the director of the Everyone Graduates Center, a nonprofit research and advocacy group in Baltimore. Virtual schools have experienced explosive growth nationwide in recent years, financed mostly by state money. But according to a report released on Tuesday by America’s Promise Alliance, a consortium of education advocacy groups, the average graduation rate at online schools is 40 percent. Few states have as many students in   as Ohio. Online charter schools here are educating one out of every 26 high school students, yet their graduation rates are worse than those in the state’s most impoverished cities, including Cleveland and Youngstown. With 17, 000 pupils, most in high school, the Electronic Classroom is the largest online school in the state. Students and teachers work from home on computers, communicating by email or on the school’s web platform at distances that can be hundreds of miles apart. In 2014, the school’s graduation rate did not even reach 39 percent. Because of this poor record, as well as concerns about student performance on standardized tests, the school is now under “corrective action” by a state regulator, which is determining its next steps. But while some students may not have found success at the school, the Electronic Classroom has richly rewarded private companies affiliated with its founder, William Lager, a software executive. When students enroll in the Electronic Classroom or in other online charters, a proportion of the state money allotted for each pupil is redirected from traditional school districts to the cyberschools. At the Electronic Classroom, which Mr. Lager founded in 2000, the money has been used to help enrich   companies that he leads. Those companies provide school services, including instructional materials and public relations. For example, in the 2014 fiscal year, the last year for which federal tax filings were available, the school paid the companies associated with Mr. Lager nearly $23 million, or about   of the nearly $115 million in government funds it took in. Critics say the companies associated with Mr. Lager have not delivered much value. “I don’t begrudge people making money if they really can build a better mousetrap,” said Stephen Dyer, a former Ohio state legislator and the education policy fellow at Innovation Ohio, a Columbus think tank that is sharply critical of online charter schools. “It’s clear that Mr. Lager has not done a service over all to kids, and certainly not appreciably better than even the most struggling school districts in the state,” Mr. Dyer added. “But he’s becoming incredibly wealthy doing a very mediocre job for kids. ” Mr. Lager declined requests for an interview. In an emailed statement on Tuesday, he did not respond to questions about his affiliated companies but said the Electronic Classroom’s graduation rate did not accurately measure the school’s performance. In the statement, he said many students arrived at the school already   and have trouble making up the course credits in time to graduate. “Holding a school accountable for such students is like charging a relief pitcher with a loss when they enter a game three runs behind and wiping out the record of the starting pitcher,” his statement said. The statement added that the school “should be judged based on an accountability system that successfully controls for the academic effects of demographic factors such as poverty, special needs and mobility. ” In an interview, Rick Teeters, the superintendent of the Electronic Classroom, said many of the students were older than was typical for their grade, while others faced serious life challenges, including pregnancy or poverty. Mr. Lager is correct in noting that the student body at the Electronic Classroom is highly mobile last year more than half the school’s students enrolled for less than the full school year. And of those who dropped out of high school, half were forced to withdraw after being reported truant. Also, according to state data, 19 percent of the students have disabilities, higher than the state average. But the proportion of students who come from   families  —   just under 72 percent  —   is lower than in Cleveland, Columbus and Dayton. Close to   of the school’s students are white. In a   book in 2002, “The Kids That ECOT Taught,” Mr. Lager wrote that “the dropout rate is the most critical issue facing our public education system but it is only the first of many problems that can be solved by  . ” Through the Electronic Classroom, he wrote, he planned to make public education more efficient and effective. He added, “No business could suffer results that any school in Columbus Public delivers and not be driven out of business. ” Peggy Lehner, a Republican state senator who sponsored a charter school reform bill that passed the legislature last fall, said the problem was the school, not the students. “When you take on a difficult student, you’re basically saying, ‘We feel that our model can help this child be successful,’ ” she said. “And if you can’t help them be successful, at some point you have to say your model isn’t working, and if your model is not working, perhaps public dollars shouldn’t be going to pay for it. ” Some of those public dollars are being paid to IQ Innovations and Altair Learning Management, companies associated with Mr. Lager. Altair has had a contract with the school since 2000, a school spokesman, Neil Clark, said. According to federal filings, it received $4. 2 million in 2014. Mr. Lager is the company’s chief executive. Mr. Clark said Altair provided “a variety of services,” including a program of instruction, strategic planning, public relations, financial reporting and budgeting. In filings with the Ohio secretary of state, Mr. Lager is listed as a registered agent for IQ Innovations in campaign finance records, he was listed as the company’s chief executive as recently as 2015. IQ Innovations received $18. 7 million from the school in 2014. Mr. Clark said IQ Innovations had provided the school with grading software and digital curriculum materials since 2008. He said that neither Altair nor IQ Innovations was required to go through a competitive bidding process. At the school’s headquarters, in a former mall set at the back of a parking lot here, attendance clerks sit in a windowless room, tracking how often students log in to the network. Those who do not log in for 30 days are reported as truant. Guidance counselors carry caseloads of up to 500 students each, and the schoolwide   ratio is 30 to one. For some students, the Electronic Classroom can provide a release valve from the pressures or frustrations of a traditional school. Several students assembled by the school to talk to a reporter said they had experienced bullying or boredom before enrolling. “Without the bullying, I was able to focus,” said Sydney DeBerry, 20, who left a private school to enroll in the Electronic Classroom, which she graduated from in 2014. “That was a big distraction, not only to my work but to my individuality. ” Students who made it to graduation said   was crucial. “Contrary to popular opinion, you cannot just log on once a week and get by and still pass your classes,” said Dianna Norwood, 19, who graduated last year and is now a student at Ohio State University. But other students complained that the school could make it difficult to succeed. Alliyah Graham, 19, said she had sought out the Electronic Classroom during her junior year because she felt isolated as one of a few   girls at a mostly white public school in a Cincinnati suburb. It took three weeks for the Electronic Classroom to enter her in its system, she said. Then it assigned her to classes she had already passed at her previous school. When she ran into technical problems, she said, “I really just had to wing it. ” Ms. Graham, who hopes to pursue a career in medicine, has also been disappointed by the quality of assignments. She showed a reporter a digital work sheet for a senior English class, in which students were asked to read a passage and then fill in boxes, circles and trapezoids, noting the “main idea,” a “” or “questions you have. ” “I feel like I did this kind of work in middle school,” Ms. Graham said. When she turns in assignments, she said, feedback from teachers is minimal. “Good job!” they write. “Keep going!” She hopes to graduate this spring. Her cousin, Makyla Woods, 19, moved to Cincinnati from Georgia last year, as a senior, to live with her father. Since Ms. Graham was already enrolled in the Electronic Classroom, Ms. Woods decided to give it a try. But she soon moved out from her father’s apartment, took a job at McDonald’s and stopped doing assignments. “I just got lazy doing work on the computer,” she said.",0
1738,Report: Scientists Produce Blood Stem Cells - Breitbart,"Scientists have finally managed to produce   blood stem cells after 20 years of attempts, according to a report. [“Scientists have transformed mature cells into primordial blood cells that regenerate themselves and the components of blood. The work, described today in Nature, offers hope to people with leukemia and other blood disorders who need   transplants but can’t find a compatible donor,” reported Nature on Wednesday. “If the findings translate into the clinic, these patients could receive   versions of their own healthy cells. ”  “One team, led by   biologist George Daley of Boston Children’s Hospital in Massachusetts, created human cells that act like blood stem cells, although they are not identical to those found in nature,” Nature explained. “A second team, led by   biologist Shahin Rafii of Weill Cornell Medical College in New York City, turned mature cells from mice into fully fledged blood stem cells. ” Mick Bhatia, a   researcher at McMaster University, praised the two teams’ accomplishments, likening it to the “holy grail. ” “For many years, people have figured out parts of this recipe, but they’ve never quite gotten there,” said Bhatia. “This is the first time researchers have checked all the boxes and made blood stem cells. ” “It’s pretty convincing that George has figured out how to cook up human hemopoietic stem cells,” he continued. “That is the holy grail. ” “A lot of people have become jaded, saying that these cells don’t exist in nature and you can’t just push them into becoming anything else,” Bhatia concluded. “I hoped the critics were wrong, and now I know they were. ” Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
1739,Blue State Blues: Why Do Democrats Undermine Latino Leaders?,"There is something decidedly odd about the California State Legislature’s decision to hire former Attorney General Eric Holder, now back at the prestigious Covington  Burling law firm, to fight the incoming administration of   Donald Trump. [The weirdness goes beyond the fact that it may be unconstitutional for the legislature to have hired Holder, given that the state already has its own attorneys who are certainly capable of doing what the state government requires.  One of those attorneys is none other than Gov. Jerry Brown’s nominee for Attorney General, Rep. Xavier Becerra ( ). He has a long track record of fighting Republicans on issues like immigration and entitlement reform, and has has made clear he intends to fight the Trump administration every step of the way to protect California’s   state and its “progressive” policies. He is also, as the local media noted appropriately at his nomination, California’s first Latino Attorney General. So why does California need Holder? Does the California State Legislature believe somehow that Becerra lacks the ability to do the job? Probably not, since a committee of the State Assembly approved his nomination this week in a     vote. Does Holder bring something special to the job of representing the state that Becerra does not? They are both Washington creatures and know how to fight on the national stage. Is there some reason to pay both of these men, working separately? Note that California has some recent, and bad, experience with duplicating government functions. Much of last year’s political energy was spent in a pointless feud over gun control between Senate President pro Tem Kevin de Léon (  Angeles)  —   the first Latino to serve in that role in more than a century  —   and Lieutenant Gov. Gavin Newsom, the Democratic favorite for governor in 2018 against formidable challenger Antonio Villaraigosa, who served as the first Latino mayor of Los Angeles. Newsom wanted to legalize marijuana via referendum. But then he decided to add a gun control referendum, Proposition 63, which bans   ammunition magazines and requires ammunition purchasers to undergo a background check. Sen. de Léon championed his own gun control efforts through the legislature, triggering a nasty spat. The potential for clashes between the executive and legislature, even on common policies, is clear. Why would California risk repeating history? Come to think of it  —   why did Newsom insist on credit for both the marijuana and the gun control initiatives, without finding any room for de Léon to share the “progressive” accolades? The   Léon fight happened at the same time as the race for U. S. Senate between Becerra’s predecessor, Kamala Harris, and Rep. Loretta Sanchez ( ) pitting the state’s first black and Hispanic candidates for the seat against each other. Before she faded down the stretch, Sanchez had carried the hopes of California’s rising Latino constituency. But Harris clinched the biggest endorsements and donors very early in the race. Over and over again, California’s emerging Latino leadership has offered new leaders to the state. And in each case, the state’s existing Democratic Party establishment has maneuvered to block them. Eric Holder, who has no roots in California, walked into his new job with no confirmation hearings Becerra has to jump through the hoops. What is the message there? One hesitates even to touch the Democratic Party’s identity politics game. Perhaps the real rivalry is between Northern and Southern California: the San Francisco Bay Area has a stranglehold on statewide office, and most of the state’s Latino stars hail from L. A. and Orange County. Still, it is odd that the California State Legislature decided that as qualified as he is, Rep. Becerra needs a “double”  —   at a cost of $25, 000 per month  —   from a   law firm on the other side of the country. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
1740,Comment on NRA Host: Ammosexuals Are Minorities Too! by Entertainment and Movie reviews with tips on how to get Website Traffic and Make Money Online.,"NRA Host: Ammosexuals Are Minorities Too! By Darrell Lucus on November 13, 2015 Subscribe Colion Noir ( image courtesy NRA News) 
When the National Rifle Association says something, you can almost take it to the bank that it’s going to be outrageous. But even by those standards, a host on NRA News has really gone off the deep end. He’d like us to think that if you’re a gun owner, you have to endure the same hardships as racial minorities and LGBT people. 
Colion Noir is the host of “Noir,” a Webcast that has been on the air since 2014 on NRA News. It’s part of an NRA push to bring its message to minorities and millennials. To give you an idea of just how out of touch the NRA is on this, the NRA began this astroturfing campaign soon after Sandy Hook. 
On the November 10 edition of his show, Noir claimed that people of color, gays, lesbians, and transgenders aren’t the only ones who have the right to claim minority status. No, no–according to this host, gun owners are minorities as well. Watch here. 
Noir claims that the Second Amendment is what protects minority rights in “the land of the minority.” As he sees it, if you support gun rights, “you’re fighting for the right of people who disagree with you” to own a gun. However, Noir shoots himself in the foot when he boils his argument down to one sentence: “Majorities by definition accept the status quo. Minorities change it.” 
Really, Colion? Then why were efforts to reform our gun laws in this country derailed after Sandy Hook, even in the face of overwhelming majorities demanding that the status quo be changed? Oh, that’s right–because the NRA had the power to strike fear in the hearts of enough Senators that the measure couldn’t get 60 votes for cloture. 
Media Matters’ Timothy Johnson points out that Noir’s argument falls flat on several other counts. For one thing, gun ownership is not something you’re born with–it’s a choice. There is also no evidence that gun owners have ever faced the level of “systematic and institutional discrimination” that racial minorities and LGBT people have had to endure. 
I did some digging on Noir, and found out he’s more or less made to order for the NRA. According to The Daily Beast, his real name is Collins Idehen. Most of his videos are standard agitprop typical of an NRA host. When his show premiered last year , it didn’t take long for it to turn into the usual NRA rants about how Hillary Clinton and Mike Bloomberg want to take our guns. 
To give you an idea about the kind of person Noir/Idehen is, he once claimed that Martin Luther King, Jr. was pro-gun because he tried to get a concealed-carry permit after someone firebombed his house in Montgomery. What Noir/Idehen doesn’t tell you is that soon afterward, King concluded that he could not serve as the leader of a movement based on nonviolence when he himself had a gun. He got rid of the gun that he owned, contenting himself with posting unarmed guards at his house around the clock and not traveling alone. He realized that “I was much more afraid” when he had a gun in his house than when he didn’t have one. 
As it turns out, this urban myth has been floating around the gun lobby for a long time. Just because a black host says it doesn’t make it any less unhinged and inaccurate than it would from the mouth of Wayne LaPierre. The fact that the NRA considers someone who spews such easily debunked claptrap to be its “Great Black Hope” and “Great Millennial Hope” tells you all you need to know about the NRA. About Darrell Lucus 
Darrell is a 30-something graduate of the University of North Carolina who considers himself a journalist of the old school. An attempt to turn him into a member of the religious right in college only succeeded in turning him into the religious right's worst nightmare--a charismatic Christian who is an unapologetic liberal. His desire to stand up for those who have been scared into silence only increased when he survived an abusive three-year marriage. You may know him on Daily Kos as Christian Dem in NC . Follow him on Twitter @DarrellLucus or connect with him on Facebook . Click here to buy Darrell a Mello Yello. Connect",0
1741,How to Get People to Evacuate? Try Fear - The New York Times,"Emergency managers trying to persuade residents to evacuate as a hurricane approaches can be like parents trying to cajole their children to do something: They rely on a blend of fear, tough love and their authority. Officials have directed residents in parts of Florida, Georgia, North Carolina and South Carolina to leave ahead of Hurricane Matthew, which was a Category 4 storm as of 11 a. m. Thursday and was expected to lash Florida late in the day. Because officials have asked residents to leave does not guarantee it will happen. Even after all of the best practices in emergency communications are exhausted, 5 percent of the population will most likely remain in harm’s way, experts and researchers said. Effectively communicating the need to evacuate means persuading people to act with a sense of urgency and to follow specific instructions. Here’s how experts say it can be done: Before Hurricane Sandy struck in 2012, some residents who refused to evacuate were asked to write their Social Security numbers on their arms in permanent marker so that they could be identified if they did not survive, Cara L. Cuite, an associate research professor at Rutgers University in New Jersey who studies risk communication, wrote in an email. Others were asked to fill out a form on how to notify their next of kin. “Communicators do this to stress the possibility that people who do not evacuate could be killed,” said Professor Cuite, who was a principal investigator of a study called “Best Practices in Coastal Storm Risk Communication. ” Gov. Rick Scott of Florida, for example, while warning that some areas of the state would be hit with  . p. h. winds and millions would lose power, stressed: “This storm will kill you. Time is running out. ” Emergency managers should avoid saying “voluntary evacuation” and make it clear that residents are being ordered to leave, even if no one is going to remove them forcibly from their homes, Madhu Beriwal, the president and chief executive of IEM, a global security consulting firm in Morrisville, N. C. said on Wednesday. The semantics make a difference, she said, because a voluntary evacuation will have a lower rate of compliance than one labeled mandatory. “There are no excuses,” Mr. Scott said at a news conference in Tallahassee, the state capital. “You need to leave. Evacuate, evacuate, evacuate. Are you willing to take a change to risk your life? Are you willing to take a gamble? That’s what you’re doing. ” Public officials should refrain from comparing pending storms with previous ones because every one is unique, with its own size, winds, rains and tracks, said Meghan McPherson, program coordinator of the emergency management graduate program at Adelphi University in Garden City, N. Y. Making comparisons can give residents a false sense of security, she said in an email. The authorities should highlight areas to be evacuated and explain why the residents there are in danger. Officials can follow up with messages tied to specific deadlines and actions, Professor Walter Gillis Peacock, director of the Hazard Reduction and Recovery Center at Texas AM University, said in an email. He suggested saying things like “now you should be” and “by 5 a. m. tomorrow you should be” and filling in the phrases with specific directions. Local authority figures, such as a mayor, police chief or county commissioner, are the best ones to deliver the news because they will be seen as more credible in a community, Ms. Beriwal said. Mr. Scott said he wanted the 1. 5 million residents under mandatory evacuation orders to follow the law. “This is clearly going to either have a direct hit or come right along our coast, and we’re going to have   winds,” the governor said. Emergency planners also have to guard against “shadow evacuations,” in which residents who are on the perimeter of a storm and who do not need to evacuate leave anyway, Ms. Beriwal said. This can have a ripple effect that causes traffic jams for those who truly need to escape. Derek Arnold, an instructor at Villanova University who has a background in crisis communication and management, said radio and television stations can notify residents of evacuations, but apps and text messages can also deliver them right to their smartphones. “The problem is still that there is still so much clutter, many people may not pay attention to such messages, placing them alongside other ‘breaking news’ of the day,” he said. Emergency notifications should look different or have prolonged buzzes to make them stand out, he said. Evacuees need to be assured that resources will be available, such as fuel, rest stops and traffic coordination, Ms. Beriwal said. Relying on a method known as    —   using all highway lanes to move traffic away from danger  —   is critical, she said. This is especially true because hurricane evacuees will take every car they have for fear that any vehicles left behind will be damaged or looted, she said. Professor Peacock added that evacuees do not necessarily have to travel far, and moving inland will generally be a safe place. Overcoming resistance from those who think they know better will be impossible, Professor Peacock said. “There will always be locals that think they know better or are just hardheaded, recalcitrant, blustering individuals,” he said. Ms. Beriwal said there will be people who stay behind and then try to leave when it is too late. “You can’t push people to do things,” she said. “You have to do a pull. You have to attract them to the idea that they need to leave. ”",0
1742,Supreme Court Nominee Neil Gorsuch Heads to Senate Confirmation Hearings - Breitbart,"WASHINGTON —  Senate Judicial Committee members will decide this week whether to propel Judge Neil Gorsuch to the U. S. Supreme Court, in what would be a lasting and major victory for President Donald Trump. [At 11:00 AM on Monday, Chairman Chuck Grassley ( ) will gavel the Senate Judiciary Committee to order for the Gorsuch confirmation hearings. The entire day is expected to consist of opening statements by the committee members.  Gorsuch will be the sole witness before the committee on Tuesday and Wednesday, giving millions of Americans an opportunity to hear from the nominee in his own words. Outside witnesses will then testify before the committee on Thursday, with both friendly and hostile witnesses. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) suggested strong Democratic opposition to Gorsuch, arguing that the current federal appeals judge “harbors a     special interest agenda. ” However, no line of attack has gained significant traction. The polished and genial Colorado native appears on a clear path to confirmation. Tentative plans currently call for a committee vote on the nomination on April 3. The White House and Senate Republicans hope to have a final vote of the full Senate to confirm Gorsuch on April 10, in time for the new justice to participate in the Supreme Court’s last   sitting of this annual term, which will begin on April 17. Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski.",0
1743,Breakthrough Listen Project to Focus on 'Alien Megastructure',"Get short URL 0 16 0 0 As the mystery around Tabby’s Star continues, the Breakthrough Initiative is preparing to commit massive resources to the settle the ""alien megastructure"" debate. 
Astronomers first detected an anomaly around star KIC 8462852 last October. Nicknamed Tabby’s star, the celestial object features an odd dimming pattern. While some early potential explanations included comets, distortion, and space debris, none have provided a completely satisfactory solution. Astronomers Launch Search for Extraterrestrials in Potential 'Alien Megastructure' 
The more fanciful answer is that KIC 8462852 is surrounded by a Dyson sphere, an alien megastructure built by an advanced civilization to harness the sun’s energy. The Breakthrough Listen initiative, founded by Russian tycoon Yuri Milner, plans to spend over $100 million to investigate the star over the next ten years. 
""The Green Bank Telescope is the largest fully steerable radio telescope on the planet, and it’s the largest, most sensitive telescope that’s capable of looking at Tabby’s Star given its position in the sky,"" Breakthrough Listen co-director Andrew Siemion said in a statement, according to Space.com . 
""We’ve deployed a fantastic new SETI instrument that connects to that telescope, that can look at many gigahertz of bandwidth simultaneously and many, many billions of different radio channels all at the same time so we can explore the radio spectrum very, very quickly."" 
The telescope’s observations began Wednesday night, and will continue for eight hours each night, for three nights over the next two-month period. 
Other organizations have launched independent investigations into Tabby’s Star, including a Kickstarter campaign launched by the Yale astronomer Tabby Boyajian, who penned an initial study into the strange celestial object. Having raised over $100,000, that project plans to spend a year analyzing the star’s luminosity with the Las Cumbres Observatory Global Telescope Network. NASA Earth-Like, Water-Rich Planets Could Be Common to Red Dwarfs 
As to whether new observations will uncover aliens, most scientists remain skeptical. ""I don’t think it’s very likely – a one-in-a-billion chance or something like that – but nevertheless, we’re going to check it out,"" Dan Werthimer, chief scientists at Berkeley SETI, said in the same statement. 
""But I think that ET, if it’s ever discovered, it might be something like that. It’ll be some bizarre thing that somebody finds by accident…that nobody expected, and then we look more carefully and we say, 'Hey, that’s a civilization.'"" 
Of course, even if the Dyson sphere theory turns out to be true, that does not necessarily indicate life. Given the distance of the star, it will have taken 1,500 years for its light to reach Earth, meaning that we can only observe the star as it was 1,500 years ago. 
The civilization could be long gone. ...",0
1744,ABC News’ Terry Moran: Trump Inauguration Speech Had ‘Anti-Semitic Overtones’ - Breitbart,"Terry Moran of ABC News put on his   hat and declared President Donald Trump’s inauguration speech had “overtones” of the 1930s “  movement” because the President dared to put the words “America’ and “first” together.[  “However, it carries with it overtones from the 1930s, when an   movement saying, ‘We don’t want to get involved in Europe’s war. It’s the Jews’ fault in Germany,’” he pontificated, before adding ominously, “Charles Lindbergh led them. ” “It is a term, as he defined it his way, but the words themselves carry very ugly echoes in our history,” said Moran, serving notice the new President that he must carefully consider the psychotic delusions of paranoid ABC News reporters before choosing his every word. Apparently Trump can explain what he means a million times without exorcising the ghost of Charles Lindbergh from certain imaginations. This is an especially outrageous charge to level at Trump when his inauguration included the first benediction from an Orthodox rabbi ever, and the first Jewish prayer since Ronald Reagan’s second inaugural. Not only that, but Rabbi Marvin Hier is the head of the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los Angeles. He’s probably a lot better than Terry Moran at detecting actual  . Trump’s daughter Ivanka converted to Orthodox Judaism before she was married to Jared Kushner in 2009. Trump declared himself “glad” about her decision in public. He’s also been very public about his support for Israel, including his intention to move the U. S. embassy to Jerusalem. His predecessor, Barack Obama, closed out his second term with a spectacular betrayal of Israel at the United Nations, winning loud applause from people openly pledged to murdering Jews. Did that make Terry Moran’s   detector twitch a bit?  People who listened to Trump’s speech probably found it a nice change of pace to have an American president who thinks the needs of the American people come first for a change, just as most other world leaders tend to work for the best interests of their respective nations.  While they were having these thoughts, squads of     were smashing windows, blocking traffic, and assaulting police officers across Washington, D. C. If they had Terry Moran’s finely tuned sense of historical irony, they’d have been wearing brown shirts instead of black. Moran didn’t invent this smear  —   many other Trump critics have previously accused him of using “America first” language to send coded messages to   or of witlessly using the phrase without understanding its pedigree. Some of the same people think Trump deliberately quoted the Batman supervillain Bane in his inaugural speech.",0
1745,"Sessions: I Never Met With Russians About Trump Campaign, Reply To Franken ’Honest and Correct’ - Breitbart","During a press conference on Thursday, Attorney General Jeff Sessions stated, “I never had meetings with Russian operatives or Russian intermediaries about the Trump campaign,” and “no such things were discussed” during his meeting with the Russian ambassador, and “my reply to the question of Senator Franken was honest and correct as I understood it at the time. I appreciate that some have taken the view that this was a false comment. That is not my intent. That is not correct. ”  Sessions said, “First, about the comments that I made to the committee that have been said to be incorrect and false. Let me be clear, I never had meetings with Russian operatives or Russian intermediaries about the Trump campaign, and the idea that I was part of a, quote, ‘continuing exchange of information, during the campaign, between Trump surrogates and intermediaries for the Russian government’ is totally false. That is the question that Senator [Al] Franken ( ) asked me at the hearing, and that’s what got my attention, as he noticed it  —   noted, it was the first  —   just breaking news, and it got my attention, and that is the question I responded to. I did not respond by referring to the two meetings, one very brief after a speech, and one with two of my senior staffers, professional staffers, with the Russian ambassador in Washington, where no such things were discussed. In my reply to the question  —   my reply to the question of Senator Franken was honest and correct as I understood it at the time. I appreciate that some have taken the view that this was a false comment. That is not my intent. That is not correct. I will write the Judiciary Committee soon, today or tomorrow, to explain this testimony for the record. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
1746,"Report: New York State Public School Teachers in Long Island Earn $161,000 a Year on Average - Breitbart","Public school teachers in New York state are increasingly pulling in     salaries with generous benefits packages, with some educators in one Long Island school district making an average of $161, 000 per year, according to a new report. [The 534 educators who worked in the Central Islip Public Schools District earned a collective total of more than $64 million, around $121, 261 a teacher, not including benefits, for the   school year, according to a report from the Education Action Group.  These teachers also made an additional $12, 897, 342 in benefits, with each teacher making an average of $24, 152 in benefits. The compensation package does not end there for Central Islip’s teachers —  the school district contributed a total of $8, 566, 330 to teachers’ retirement funds, spending an average of $16, 041 per teacher. Despite the large salaries teachers make in the district, Central Islip Public Schools maintain a mediocre academic reputation. According to the school ranking website Niche. com, the Central Islip Public School District has a   rating in academics. Central Islip is not the only place in New York state where educators earn   salaries on average. According to a database of New York state public school teachers’ salaries from the Democrat  Chronicle, 49 teachers in Nassau County made more than $240, 000 in gross pay for the   school year. Ten educators in the same county reported salaries of more than $300, 000. In Erie County in upstate New York, 50 teachers reported salaries of $143, 000 or more for the   school year, according to the database. In Suffolk County, 50 teachers reported salaries of at least $225, 000 a year. The       employee in the county and in the state for the   school year was Elwood Superintendent Peter Scordo, who earned $385, 861, database records show. Even though teachers in the state are pulling in hefty salaries, New York’s state education system is ranked 23rd in the country for   education, according to U. S. News and World Report. Other states that spend less on its teachers had higher rankings on the list, including the No.   state on the list —  New Hampshire. In the Manchester School District, for example, only 10 employees in the district made more than $100, 000 per year for the   school year, the New Hampshire Union Leader reported.",0
1747,"Poland is Empowering Women with Free, Nationwide Self Defense Classes","Poland is Empowering Women with Free, Nationwide Self Defense Classes Nov 11, 2016 0 0 
Poland’s Defense Ministry is opening free self-defense classes across the nation for women in order to cultivate their self-defense skills. Classes based in Aikido and Jiujitsu will teach women how to defend themselves against strangulation, and even a weapons assault. 
The free trainings will be offered through June at 30 military bases across Poland starting November 19, 2016. Anyone woman who is in good health and above the age of 18 can attend. 
Though Poland’s officials have been accused of using the free classes as a method of political persuasion and propaganda, Poland’s defense minister Antoni Macierewicz, claims the goal is to teach women “basic fighting techniques” and improve their overall physical fitness, adding that women will learn, “how to react in a dangerous situation.” 
By gender, 45% of women in the world say that they do not feel safe walking alone at night , and that ‘street-harassment’ is a common occurrence for them. 
How does Poland compare to other countries where women might feel threatened, too? 
Poland: Hollaback! Poland conducted an informal online survey of 818 people (mostly women) in 2012 . They found that 85% of female respondents had experienced street harassment in public spaces in Poland, as had 44% of men. 
Afghanistan: The Women and Children Legal Research Foundation conducted research in October 2015 with 364 women and girls about sexual harassment in public spaces, workplaces, and educational institutions in seven provinces of Afghanistan. 93% said they were harassed in public spaces , 87% said workplaces, and 89% said educational institutions. Additionally, 90% had observed sexual harassment in public places , 79% in educational settings, and 72% in workplaces. 
Australia: Research by The Australia Institute in 2015 of 1426 females found that 87% were verbally or physically attacked while walking down the street . 40% of women feel unsafe in their own neighborhoods at night. In addition to verbal harassment, physical street harassment was also a relatively commonplace occurrence, with 65% of women experiencing physically threatening harassment. 
Bangladesh : The Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics and United Nations Population Fund surveyed 12,600 women across the country in 2014 and most said they regularly face sexual harassment in their daily lives. About 43% said public spaces were the spot where they experienced it the most. 
Brazil: Think Olga commissioned a survey conducted by journalist Karin Hueck as part of their anti-street harassment campaign Fiu Fiu Enough. There were 7,762 participants for the opt-in survey and 99.6 % of them said they had been harassed . 
Canada : Using a national sample of 12,300 Canadian women ages 18 and older from 1994, sociology professors Ross Macmillan, Annette Nierobisz, and Sandy Welsh studied the impact of street harassment on women’s perceived sense of safety in 2000. During their research, they found that over 80 percent of the women surveyed had experienced male stranger harassment in public and that those experiences had a large and detrimental impact on their perceived safety in public. 
Beijing, China: A 2002 survey of 200 citizens in Beijing, China, showed that 70 percent had been subjected to a form of sexual harassment . Most people said it occurred on public transportation, including 58 percent who said it occurred on the bus. 
Croatia: Hollaback! Croatia informally surveyed 500 people (mostly women) online about street harassment in 2012 . They found that 99 percent of women experienced some form of street harassment in their lifetime, and 50 percent experienced it by age 18. 
Ecuador: A UN scoping study in 2011 found that 68% of women experienced some form of sexual harassment and sexual violence in public spaces during the previous year. 
Egypt: The United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women published a report in 2013 showing that 99.3% of Egyptian women have experienced some form of sexual harassment. The study indicates that “ 96.5% of women in their survey said that sexual harassment came in the form of touching , which was the most common manifestation of sexual harassment. Verbal sexual harassment had the second-highest rate experienced by women with 95.5% of women reporting cases.” 
Mumbai, India : We the People Foundation’s 2012 study found that 80% of women in Mumbai had been street harassed , primarily in crowded areas like trains and railway platforms. 
United Kingdom : End Violence Against Women Coalition commissioned YouGov to conduct the first national poll on street harassment in 2016 . 64% of women of all ages have experienced unwanted sexual harassment in public places. Additionally, 35% of women had experienced unwanted sexual touching. 85% of women ages 18-24 had faced sexual harassment in public spaces and 45% had experienced unwanted sexual touching . 
USA : Penn, Schoen and Berland Associates conducted a nationally representative telephone survey of 612 adult women between June 17 and June 19, 2000 . From this survey, they found that almost all women had experienced street harassment: 87 percent of American women between the ages of 18-64 had been harassed by a male stranger; and over one half of them experienced “extreme” harassment including being touched, grabbed, rubbed, brushed or followed by a strange man on the street or other public place. Shattering the myth that street harassment is an urban problem, the survey found that women in all areas experienced it: 90 percent in rural areas, 88 percent in suburban areas, and 87 percent in urban areas. Sadly, 84 percent of women “consider changing their behavior to avoid street harassment .” 
It looks like Poland’s idea to empower women against unwanted attention isn’t such a bad idea for many countries. 
Featured image: Polish Defence Ministry Vote Up Christina Sarich Christina Sarich is a musician, yogi, humanitarian and freelance writer who channels many hours of studying Lao Tzu, Paramahansa Yogananda, Rob Brezny, Miles Davis, and Tom Robbins into interesting tidbits to help you Wake up Your Sleepy Little Head, and *See the Big Picture*. Her blog is Yoga for the New World . Her latest book is Pharma Sutra: Healing The Body And Mind Through The Art Of Yoga .",0
1748,Bush Admin Just Got Involved In FBI’s Probe Into Clinton’s Emails And It’s Game Changing (IMAGE) – New Century Times,"Share on Facebook 
When you imagine partisan government overreach, it’s hard not to think about the Bush administration, especially when it comes to ignoring the law to accomplish their goals (think “enhanced interrogation”). When they tell the FBI they’ve gone too far, well, the FBI had better listen. 
In an Op-Ed in the New York Times , Richard Painter, George W. Bush’s White House ethics lawyer from 2005 – 2007, wrote about his problems with the FBI’s latest investigation of Hillary Clinton and, most surprisingly, he’s taking legal action to stop it. According to Painter, it’s an abuse of power. 
(I)t would be highly improper, and an abuse of power, for the F.B.I. to conduct such an investigation in the public eye, particularly on the eve of the election. It would be an abuse of power for the director of the F.B.I., absent compelling circumstances, to notify members of Congress from the party opposing the candidate that the candidate or his associates were under investigation. It would be an abuse of power if F.B.I. agents went so far as to obtain a search warrant and raid the candidate’s office tower, hauling out boxes of documents and computers in front of television cameras. 
The F.B.I.’s job is to investigate, not to influence the outcome of an election. 
Beyond that, Painter says it’s against the law, the Hatch Act in particular, to try to influence the outcome of an election. On that basis, Painter is taking action. George W. Bush's ethics lawyer filed a complaint yesterday against the FBI for violations of the Hatch Act. Via NYT: https://t.co/cXbs2xFYxj pic.twitter.com/3FbVRCPTyi 
— Nick Gourevitch (@nickgourevitch) October 30, 2016 
And that is why, on Saturday, I filed a complaint against the F.B.I. with the Office of Special Counsel, which investigates Hatch Act violations, and with the Office of Government Ethics. I have spent much of my career working on government ethics and lawyers’ ethics, including two and a half years as the chief White House ethics lawyer for President George W. Bush, and I never thought that the F.B.I. could be dragged into a political circus surrounding one of its investigations. Until this week. 
The Hatch Act specifically prohibits government officials, with the exception of the President, the Vice President and a handful of others from engaging in political activities. Painter is particularly concerned about the fact that FBI director James Comey has made comments about Hillary Clinton in the past, such as his statement that Clinton’s handling of classified information was “extremely careless.” 
What seems “extremely careless” is the way Comey has handled this investigation. 
On Friday, the director of the F.B.I., James B. Comey, sent to members of Congress a letter updating them on developments in the agency’s investigation of Mrs. Clinton’s emails, an investigation which supposedly was closed months ago. This letter, which was quickly posted on the internet, made highly unusual public statements about an F.B.I. investigation concerning a candidate in the election. The letter was sent in violation of a longstanding Justice Department policy of not discussing specifics about pending investigations with others, including members of Congress. According to some news reports on Saturday, the letter was sent before the F.B.I. had even obtained the search warrant that it needed to look at the newly discovered emails. And it was sent days before the election, at a time when many Americans are already voting. 
Painter notes that Comey’s intent doesn’t matter. He violated the rules simply by taking the actions that could influence the election and frankly, there was no reason for Comey to release those emails, which aren’t even directly tied to Clinton, now. 
He finished his op-ed with a dire warning to Americans: 
This is no trivial matter. We cannot allow F.B.I. or Justice Department officials to unnecessarily publicize pending investigations concerning candidates of either party while an election is underway. That is an abuse of power. Allowing such a precedent to stand will invite more, and even worse, abuses of power in the future. 
Painter isn’t alone in sharing this concern about Comey. Before these latest emails, Politico published an op-ed comparing Comey to the notorious J. Edgar Hoover , who was the first FBI director, who was perhaps best known for using questionable tactics to bring down dissidents. 
Since taking office, Comey has repeatedly injected his views into executive branch deliberations on issues such as sentencing reform and the roots of violence against police officers. He has undermined key presidential priorities such as crafting a coherent federal policy on cybersecurity and encryption. Most recently, he shattered longstanding precedent by publicly offering his own conclusions about the FBI’s investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email. (The FBI did not respond to a request for comment.) 
It would be difficult to argue—in terms of temperament, manner, or motivation—that he is, or ever will be, the next J. Edgar Hoover. But increasing numbers of critics believe he has displayed a worrying disregard for the rules and norms that have constrained all but one of his predecessors, straying with blithe confidence—and with increasing regularity—across the fine line that separates independence from unaccountability. 
If nothing else, this election year has shown us something completely unprecedented and completely undemocratic. It’s not just that Comey is influencing the election, he’s using emails stolen by a foreign government to influence an election. As Donald Trump says, this is “ worse than Watergate ,” just not in the way Trump thinks. ",0
1749,"Rurik Jutting, British Banker, Convicted of Murdering 2 Women in Hong Kong - The New York Times","HONG KONG  —   A Hong Kong judge on Tuesday sentenced a British banker to life in prison for murdering two Indonesian women at his luxury apartment in 2014, bringing to a close a gruesome case that cast a spotlight on social inequality and the excesses of the financial sector in one of Asia’s richest cities. A   jury found the banker, Rurik George Caton Jutting, guilty of double murder after deliberating for less than a day in High Court. The decision was unanimous. “I accept this as a just and appropriate judgment,” Mr. Jutting, 31, said in a statement that his lawyer read after the verdict was announced, according to a report in The South China Morning Post. “The evil I have inflicted can never be remedied by me in words or by action. ” Murder convictions carry a mandatory life sentence in Hong Kong, a semiautonomous Chinese city that has its own legal system. Mr. Jutting had pleaded guilty to a lesser charge of manslaughter on the grounds of “diminished responsibility,” according to reports in the local news media. His lawyers said in court that the claim was based on his client’s struggles with narcissism, sexual sadism and substance abuse. A government psychiatrist rejected that argument during the trial, saying that while cocaine and alcohol had impaired Mr. Jutting’s   he was still responsible for the murders. Mr. Jutting, who had worked for Bank of America in Hong Kong and studied at Cambridge University in Britain, killed the women at his   in the Wan Chai neighborhood, a popular nightclub district. He tortured one, Sumarti Ningsih, 23, for three days before cutting her throat with a serrated knife and leaving her remains in a suitcase on his balcony, news reports said, citing a prosecutor’s statements at the trial. He had met her through an internet forum. He slashed the throat of the second, Seneng Mujiasih, 26, whom he had met at a bar, after she noticed a rope gag in the apartment and began shouting. The case made headlines around the world, in part because of the grotesque nature of the killings, but also because Hong Kong is generally considered to be among the safest cities in Asia. Both women came to Hong Kong as domestic workers. Ms. Sumarti later returned on a tourist visa, and Ms. Seneng’s domestic worker visa had lapsed. The city has more than 300, 000 foreign domestic workers, primarily from Indonesia and the Philippines. They are subject to more legal restrictions than other expatriate workers, including bankers. Advocacy groups say that employers and the government routinely treat the workers like   citizens and that they are vulnerable to abuse. Suyitno, Ms. Sumarti’s older brother, who goes by one name, said in a statement on Tuesday that she came from a farming family and that she came to Hong Kong in early 2011. Mr. Suyitno said in the statement, issued before the verdict, that the family’s economic condition had worsened since Ms. Sumarti’s death because she had been its only breadwinner and that he hoped Mr. Jutting would be “punished severely. ” He also demanded that the Indonesian government pay for the education of Ms. Sumarti’s    son. “We have no more income to ensure his education,” he said. The Indonesian Consulate in Hong Kong did not immediately respond to a request for comment. In a joint statement after the verdict, the victims’ families said they felt relieved. “However, both families are very desperate because of their loss and worry for their future,” the families said in the statement, which was provided by the Indonesian Migrant Workers Union in Hong Kong. “They hope for proper compensation from Rurik Jutting. ” Yustina, a friend of Ms. Sumarti’s and a former domestic worker in Hong Kong who goes by one name, said in a telephone interview on Tuesday that she was not comforted by the verdict. “What about my friend?” Ms. Yustina said. “She’s gone forever. ”",0
1750,Limbaugh: Many People Would Not Have Voted for Obama If He Were White - Breitbart,"Monday on his nationally syndicated radio program, conservative talker Rush Limbaugh offered one theory as to why 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton could not win over many of those who voted for President Barack Obama last November.  According to Limbaugh, one of those reasons dealt with a racial component, which he explained if Obama had been white, many would not have voted for Obama. Partial transcript as follows: What the Democrats don’t get into, what they don’t dare get into  —   and I guarantee you they know this, too I will wager. I’m having to guess here because there’s no data in this story to support this. But the data that is used, I think, is erroneous. You can’t ignore the fact that a lot of people, particularly in 2008, voted for Barack Obama because of the racial component and a desire to end the racial divide in America. There were people who believed that if the United States elected an   president, that it would forever end all of these allegations and discussions America is a racist nation. There were people  —   and that’s the only reason a lot of people voted for Obama. Now, you can throw in disgust with Bush, disgust with the Republicans after the media’s four years of destruction of both Bush and the Republicans. But you cannot deny the racial component here. I think it’s the big reason why so many Obama voters didn’t vote for Hillary. They wouldn’t have voted for Obama, either, if he were white. I really believe it. I don’t know what the number is. I’m not saying it’s a majority of people. I’m saying it’s enough people who voted for Obama who didn’t vote for Hillary. This is what this latest analysis is pointing to as the real reason she lost. No mention of the Russians in this analysis. It’s strictly an analysis of voting patterns as best these people can come up with them. But the one thing that they’re honest with themselves about is the racial component. Of course, they don’t dare go there because this is now   time for Obama. And you cannot build a serious, solid legacy if you include the fact that the only reason a lot of people voted for him was because they thought in doing so they could end this argument that America’s racist and they could end the racial strife. As I so adeptly pointed out, all it did was exacerbate it. It did not  …     And I predicted it the day after it happened, that it was not going to ameliorate the racial divide whatsoever. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
1751,Life: Happy Halloween! Here Are 7 Thrilling Ways To Frighten Yourself Very Badly In Your Own Car,"Email All Hallows’ Eve comes just once a year! This Halloween, here’s how you can turn your own car into a traumatically frightening experience! 
1. Create a CD that’s six hours of silence punctuated by sudden, blood-curdling screams at random intervals and have it playing at all times on maximum volume: Will the next 130-dB shriek sound off in the next 15 seconds or the next 15 minutes? Who knows! Soon, your car will be the talk of all the trick-or-treaters who see you incontinent with fear behind the wheel. 
2. Tow a giant cage filled with several hundred bats behind your car so when you look in your rearview mirror, it always appears as though a cloud of bats is chasing you: This is a one-way ticket to fear—exactly how October 31 is meant to be spent in your car. 
3. Paint a spooky night sky on the inside of your windshield: A witch on a broom flying in front of a full moon. Ghosts soaring through clouds. A constellation that spells “BOO!” These are just a few Halloween windshield obstructions that will chill you to the bone. 
4. Tie a rope to each windshield wiper, and then tie the opposite ends of the ropes around the necks of two rabies-infected possums sleeping in your backseat: If it storms, you can be sure that your car will be a regular Dracula’s possum-infested castle on wheels! 
5. Three words: Car. Window. Guillotines: Imagine it: You’re rolling up the windows to escape the cold autumn air and suddenly a window-size blade shoots down, nearly severing your arm. This is a car-based Halloween tradition you’ll want to bring back year after year. 
6. Think about Frankenstein unbuckling you: Only for extreme Halloween fanatics—not for the fainthearted. 
7. Place three pregnant tarantulas in your glove compartment, wait a week, open the glove compartment, and your car will soon be filled with tarantulas: Happy hauntings in your car!!!",0
1752,"Remembering Nohemi Gonzalez, a Year Later - The New York Times","Nov. 13 is the   anniversary of the death of Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American among 130 killed in the terrorist attacks in Paris. Nohemi was on a semester abroad, trading in 15 weeks at California State University, Long Beach, for an experience at Strate School of Design in Sèvres, outside of Paris. She was the first in her family to attend college  —   a   industrial design student on her way to becoming one of just over 15 percent of young Hispanics who hold a bachelor’s degree. On the night she was killed, she was enjoying the City of Light like a Parisienne, in a lively bistro on Rue de Charonne, perhaps toasting her Cal State design team, which, she had just learned, placed second in a competition for efficient packaging of snack food. The packaging would decompose, leaving no trace behind. It is hard to truly know this student from public comments. The language of grief exalts and reduces the dead with    words. She is described by friends as “always happy,” “beautiful” and “a bright spirit. ” Her own Facebook posts give a sense of a more particular Nohemi: “Learning a 3D modeling computer program in a language I don’t know is up there in the top three hardest things I’ve ever had to do. ” (The reader can’t help but wonder what the other two hard things were.) In interviews soon after the attack, Nohemi’s mother sometimes used the present tense to describe her daughter: “She loves school,” she said, adding that “Nohemi wanted a different life from most of our people who just go to work and come home. She wanted a career. ” Reading about Nohemi’s short life reminded me of many of my students at Johnson State College in Vermont, where I recently retired as president. Vermont is as different from California in its demographic makeup, size and economy as two states can be, and yet her story could have been theirs. Some of my students had never held a passport or even left our state like Nohemi, they took their first plane rides while in college, exiting   onto foreign lands. “I can go anywhere now,” one student told me after returning from Greece, as stunned as she was newly confident. Finding your way home on the metro in another country is one thing doing so on your first metro ride ever is a triumph. Like Johnson State, Cal State Long Beach is one of 400 regional colleges and universities educating 40 percent of the nation’s undergraduates. These “middle children” of public higher education  —   not a community college, not a state flagship  —   are   (and seldom celebrated) microcosms of their states. Nohemi might have thrived anywhere, but Cal State Long Beach, whose enrollment is 95 percent Californian and more than   Hispanic, seems to have fostered a keen awareness and responsibility of place (her place) and given her not only a context in which to flourish, but also the confidence to venture beyond its borders. Nohemi had only begun her journey, but her sense of adventure might serve as a beacon for young people with limited family resources as they set out to discover worlds apart from their own. In some ways, she was a typical   student. According to the Institute for International Education’s Open Doors report, of the 304, 500 Americans who studied in another country in   67 percent were women. Approximately 21, 000 students, or 7 percent, were focused on fine or applied art. In other ways she was atypical: Nearly 75 percent of Americans who study overseas are   white, and disproportionately from private schools. Despite the opening up of federal financial aid to support study abroad, international study is still more available to students with greater family resources. Nohemi would have beaten many odds, and we root for people who defy statistics and set new paths. Will Cal State students follow hers? I asked Dean Jeet Joshee, who oversees international study at the university, if he was seeing any drop in interest in study abroad since her death. He said that students tell him they will not be deterred from their plans. Of course, study abroad is not without its risks. Foreign students in Rome are frequent targets of robberies, including one last summer that ended in the death of an American student in an exchange program at John Cabot University. But such highly publicized deaths may skew our perceptions. The president of the Institute for International Education, Allan E. Goodman, has often said that getting to the airport in the United States may be the most dangerous part of studying abroad. Paradoxically, he says, he is asked by parents from other countries if they should keep their children from coming here to avoid the risks inherent in a country in which guns are rampant. Indeed, students are about twice as likely to die at their home campuses than in another country, according to the Forum on Education Abroad, which established a database of incidents in 2014. That year, 313 incidents were reported, 80 percent of them an illness gastrointestinal ailments were a major culprit. Four deaths  —   two accidental, two from   medical conditions  —   were also reported by   insurance providers. The 2015 incidents report will include Nohemi Gonzalez’s death. As unlikely as Nohemi’s death was, it was not random. Her assassins did not set out to kill a   design student in particular, but they did set out to murder what she represents: the freedom of pleasure, choice and agency. Colleges are brave institutions. They must be part of the forces that shape the lives of young adults during their most alert and seeking years. As parents and educators, it’s our job to ensure that we protect these freedoms for our young people  —   here, at home  —   and instill in them the values and responsibilities that such liberties require. Then we can set them free, and hope it’s enough. Most students who return from a semester or more of international study report greater maturity and a clearer understanding of their own values. Living and learning in another culture is more important than ever  —   for the individual students, of course, but also because the empathy such experiences foster is crucial in maintaining a safer, more loving world. No other single experience comes as close to building a new perspective on citizenship and place as study in another country. Nothing. Nohemi’s brief immersion in that experience made her life, I am convinced, a larger one. This was a woman who refused to be constrained by tradition or circumstance. She chose knowledge instead of ignorance. She chose to imagine a future for herself. That she did not get to inhabit that future breaks our hearts but not our resolve to leave our homes and expand our notion of citizenship and belonging.",0
1753,A Constitutional Republic No More,"Print 
The deliberations of the Constitutional Convention of 1787 were held in strict secrecy. Citizens gathered outside Independence Hall in Philadelphia during the proceedings, attempting to learn what sort of government had been agreed upon behind closed doors. As he exited the Hall, a woman asked Benjamin Franklin, “Well, Doctor, what have we got a republic or a monarchy?” 
Franklin responded, “A republic, if you can keep it.” 
It’s important to note that Franklin did not include the word democracy because the difference between a republic and a democracy is fundamental. The word republic comes from the Romans’ word in Latin res publica — which means “the public thing.” “Democracy,” on the other hand, invented by the Greeks, comes from their words demos and kratein , which means “the peoples’ rule.” Greek democracy meant majority rule. Yet, even during its first few decades of existence, the great Greek thinkers such as Plato and Aristotle rejected democracy as a bad form of governance, labeling it “mob rule.” 
So we can confer on Franklin’s response to that inquiring woman that he believed, in the wake of Britain’s capitulation to Washington’s revolutionary army, the Continental Congress had created a constitutional republic fashioned much more closely to the Roman representative Republic than the Athenian Democracy. 
But now, 230 years later, we must countenance the specter of a woman who has trafficked in national security secrets and is guilty of numerous felonies becoming the president of the United States. This has made me wondering if it might not be possible for the House of Representatives to begin impeachment proceedings against a President Clinton shortly after her election. So I resolved to contact various members of Congress to ask them if they wouldn’t attempt impeachment as a means to fulfill their oaths of office to preserve and protect the constitution. 
I first made contact with Congressman Tom McClintock of the 4 th District of Northern California. What follows is our interview: 
Kelley: Do you agree with my contention that a Hillary presidency would mean that we would be a post constitutional republic? 
McClintock: I’m afraid we may already have entered the post-constitutional phase of American history. The fundamental architecture of the American Republic – the separation of powers and the Bill of Rights – is already breaking down. The question now is whether we will enter the restoration period or the decline period of our free government. I think a Hillary Clinton presidency has the potential of taking us past a tipping point that makes restoration of the Constitution much more difficult and unlikely. 
K: What do you think the ramifications of her election would be? 
If the current justices all serve until their actuarial age, the next President will make four appointments to the Supreme Court. Clinton and Justice Ginsburg have made it very clear that once a lock-step leftist majority is cemented into that court, their first two objectives are reversing Citizens United and Heller, which would have dire implications to our First and Second Amendment rights. I would expect that due process protections will begin falling quickly thereafter to enable, among other things, the prosecution of dissenters from leftist global warming orthodoxy. And even if the election of 2020 produced a Republican president with overwhelming Republican congressional majorities, any serious reform legislation could be expected to be struck down by a court whose majority will view its role as policy-making rather than upholding the Constitution. I could add the catastrophic impact of her “open borders” program that has devastated Europe and her intention to further increase taxes and regulatory burdens that could deal a knock-out blow to our faltering economy. 
K: What do you think the likelihood would be of her immediate impeachment? 
M: Zero. Impeachment requires 2/3 of the Senate, which would be a political impossibility. 
K: If it cannot remove a known felonious president who, as Secretary of State, compromised national security, has Congress lost its power to be a check on the executive branch? 
M: The Constitution was written to be self-enforcing. But that only works as long as its powers are evenly divided; which, in turn, only works if the officials who exercise its powers are obedient to that Constitution; which, in turn, only works if “we, the people,” through our votes, insist on it. When we stop insisting on it, we forfeit our Constitution and the freedoms it protects. Lincoln was right: “If destruction be our lot, we must, ourselves be its author and finisher. As a nation of free men, we are destined to live for all time, or die by suicide.” 
K: But even if there were no chance she could be removed, wouldn’t simply the filing of impeachment articles be a historic way for those who wish to remain obedient to the Constitution to voice a powerful rejection of her lawlessness? 
M: Larry, you’re dreaming. There’s no do-over for this election. (End of Interview). 
As a nation, we’ve had a pretty good two-hundred-year run. But as Ben Franklin warned and Congressman McClintock fears, we may now have not kept or constitutional republic. 
Article reposted with permission from LarryKelley.com shares",0
1754,Jill Abramson: ’Extremely Divisive’ Trump Is Benefiting From a ’Rage Machine’ - Breitbart,"Sunday on CNN’s “GPS,” while discussing the negative political discourse playing a role in the shooting of Republicans practicing for a congressional charity baseball game, which critically injured House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( ) former executive editor of The New York Times Jill Abramson said President Donald Trump and Republicans are more responsible because they are “benefitting from a kind of rage machine that operates in this country. ”  Abramson said, “I do think that both sides are not equally at fault and that there’s been a bit of a false equivalency at work, especially in the discussion over the past couple of days. I think that in terms of political leadership right now that both President Trump and the congressional leadership on the Republican side are extremely divisive and that they are really benefitting from a kind of rage machine that operates in this country. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
1755,Comment on Actor Jon Voight’s plea to save America by Auntie Lulu,"Transcript: 
“My dear fellow Americans, 
We are all feeling tremendous anxiety with only a few weeks left to the election. This will be the most important election in American history. 
We were once a country a freedom, and now we’re becoming a country of tyranny. We are witness to our own people burning down and looting our cities: Ferguson, Missouri; Milwaukee; Atlanta; Florida; Baltimore. We are all witness to our own people killing our policemen. Islamic terrorists have killed thousands of people all over our country, and Hillary and Obama want to be politically correct and pretend all the killings are not happening. 
How many Americans are aware of George Soros? — an evil man who turned hundreds of Jewish people over to the Nazis to be exterminated during World War Two. He was interviewed on ’60 Minutes’ and was asked if he feels guilty for what he’s done, and arrogantly he said, ‘Absolutely not. If I didn’t do it, someone else would have.’ Soros is a billionaire who makes most of his money manipulating currencies and almost bankrupting many countries. He supports hate groups responsible for taking down our cities. He’s a close friend of Hillary Clinton and a major supporter of her campaign. 
Robert De Niro is a millionaire, as are so many of our Hollywood stars who are voting for Hillary, and who have absolutely no tolerance for anyone of a different opinion, forgetting that that is what our country is founded on — freedom of choice. But they will not be affected by Hillary’s open borders. Only the poor and middle class will suffer. Thousands of refugees will flood our nation, and no one will know the good guys from the bad guys. It will kill our economy, which is at an all time low now under years of Obama’s presidency, and Hillary boasts of how proud she will be to continue Obama’s legacy! 
No one can afford health insurance now. Prices for health care have gone through the roof. Thanks to Obamacare, our once reasonable health care is gone. With Hillary as president, we will lose our Second Amendment with our right to bear arms. Freedom of religion will be attacked, and Hillary will try to stop all conservative voices on TV and radio. Our highest courts will become socialists, and she will restrict what America was founded on — our freedom to become a small business owner, and pursue our own personal dreams. 
She has blood on her hands from the Benghazi terrorist raid. Four of our American patriots died. And when the parents stood over their loved ones’ coffins, she lied to them about the cause of their sons’ deaths. 
The pendulum of freedom is not balanced. Hillary and her followers are running a cruel campaign to stop and degrade all of Trump’s followers. Her words were echoed loud and clear for all Americans to hear. Hillary said, ‘Trump’s followers are a basket of deplorables. They are unredeemable.’ 
May God protect the real truth, and may Donald Trump win this presidency. He will save our America, and he will certainly make it great again. 
Thank you.”",0
1756,Ted Cruz Mounts the Convention Stage in the Role of Brutus - The New York Times,"CLEVELAND  —   Senator Ted Cruz of Texas did not come here this week to unite Republicans around their presidential nominee, Donald J. Trump. Armed with his usual arsenal of florid oratory,   and blunt force, he came instead to rally them, someday, around Ted Cruz. He failed, at least for the moment. And in the process, he managed to do the unthinkable  —   make Mr. Trump look like a victim. Determined to be more than just another speaker and looking beyond the November election, Mr. Cruz worked with aides for weeks to fashion a speech that they hoped would define him beyond his failed 2016 quest for the White House and advance his image beyond Tea Party upstart to a modern version of his idol, Ronald Reagan. He offered lofty paeans on Wednesday to an America that included gays and atheists and where heroism was displayed not just by service members fighting terrorism on the front lines but also by the forgiving families of those killed last year at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, S. C. He spoke to a broader audience of Americans that many have accused Republicans of ignoring. But then he twisted the knife in Mr. Trump’s back, suggesting that the leadership of that America should not fall to the man his party had come to nominate. Mr. Cruz is clearly gambling that Mr. Trump is likely to lose, perhaps embarrassingly, and that when he does Mr. Cruz will emerge as the strongest spokesman for the Republican Party’s core conservative principles. As the only contender to even put a dent in Mr. Trump’s support, and with a fully operational campaign apparatus still in place, he may be the best positioned out of the gate in 2020. But for now, it appears that Mr. Cruz’s raw ambition  —   which fueled his audacious 2012 Senate primary victory over his state’s lieutenant governor, the disastrous government shutdown he led a year later and his subsequent attacks on the Republicans who did not support it  —   has backfired. In the cold light of morning Thursday, Mr. Cruz found himself facing down furious delegates from his own state at a public breakfast, who told him he needed to back Mr. Trump now. “Do it!” one shouted during a blistering      session. “Do it now!” Mr. Cruz resisted in his usual manner, saying he refused to be a “servile puppy dog. ” He put the blame for his disloyalty on Mr. Trump’s repeated attacks on his family during the primaries. Former admirers and his congressional colleagues took to television to criticize him, at times with profane language, the way his Senate colleagues have been doing for years behind closed doors. “Lucifer is back,” cracked the former House speaker, John A. Boehner, who was watching the convention with his wife and friends, according to an aide. “He really betrayed what our mission is here, which is to win in November,” said Nicholas A. Langworthy, a delegate from New York and chairman of the Erie County party, who helped lead the chorus of boos that followed Mr. Cruz off the stage. “He should just go back to Texas,” Mr. Langworthy said. “He slit his own throat. He is finished in national Republican politics. ” Representative Charlie Dent, a Pennsylvania Republican who has himself been critical of Mr. Trump, had harsh words for Mr. Cruz after his Wednesday remarks. “Senator’s Cruz’s opposition is not based in principle but entirely personal, which is interesting given his sniveling, obsequious and fawning defense of Trump early in the primary campaign,” Mr. Dent said. “I suspect many Americans learned a lot about Ted Cruz last night and now better understand why so many in Congress harbor bitter feelings toward the junior senator from Texas. ” Hours before Mr. Cruz’s highly anticipated speech on Wednesday evening, his former campaign manager, Jeff Roe, received a call from Jason Miller, a former Cruz aide now advising Mr. Trump. Mr. Miller informed the Cruz team that “Mr. Trump would really appreciate” and “would remember it” if Mr. Cruz endorsed him in the speech, Mr. Roe said. “I hear you,” Mr. Roe told him. When the speech was sent out a short while later, nothing had changed: There was still no endorsement. As Mr. Cruz prepared to address supporters at an outdoor bar that afternoon, Mr. Roe suggested that the Trump campaign would have little to object to. “I think they’ll be pleased with the speech,” he told reporters, interrupting his news conference briefly when a call from Paul Manafort, the Trump campaign chairman, came in. Mr. Roe was asked if Mr. Cruz’s speech would focus more on himself than on Mr. Trump. “  is not really his shtick,” Mr. Roe said to the reporters. Mr. Trump’s aides were provided with a copy of Mr. Cruz’s remarks two hours before he gave them, both sides said, and were then outraged to see that not only would Mr. Cruz not endorse Mr. Trump, but that he would suggest pointedly that Republicans should feel no obligation to vote for Mr. Trump. Mr. Trump and his aides briefly considered bumping Mr. Cruz from the lineup, but quickly concluded that that would bring more controversy to a convention that had been battered enough. Mr. Cruz and Mr. Trump expected the speech to generate an angry reaction, but both sides were unprepared for its intensity. As Mr. Trump’s children looked on in silence, Mr. Cruz read from a teleprompter, at first in lofty phrases that referred to the civil rights movement, the killing of police officers in recent weeks and one victim of a police shooting. He spoke of the inherent constitutional rights of all Americans, including gays and atheists. But when Mr. Cruz used the code phrase “vote your conscience”  —   which in congressional terms means go against your leaders  —   he was met with boisterous boos and hisses from the crowd, led by the New York delegation a few feet away. One delegate said that some people on the floor were reduced to tears because of their disappointment and fury. Senator Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader, sat watching the speeches from a skybox in the arena, realizing that prime time America was now watching an “Apprentice” style version of what he and his Republican colleagues had suffered through on the Senate floor, where Mr. Cruz once called him a liar. House Speaker Paul D. Ryan was backstage with Mike Pence, the governor of Indiana, whom he would soon introduce as the Republican nominee for vice president, whose appropriate but mild remarks would be completely overshadowed by Mr. Cruz’s spectacle. As Mr. Cruz slunk from the stage and Mr. Trump’s son Eric took the lectern, Mr. Trump’s aides sought out Newt Gingrich, the former House speaker, who was slated to speak after Mr. Trump’s son. “I don’t think they realized how strong the reaction was going to be,” Mr. Gingrich said. “They came to me and said: ‘We need to get closure here. Let’s talk it through.’ ” They decided Mr. Gingrich would rebut Mr. Cruz by directly praising Mr. Trump. “I sat down with the senior editor of the teleprompter while Eric was speaking, and over those 12 minutes they were able to reload my remarks,” Mr. Gingrich said. Mr. Cruz tried to repair to the luxury convention suite of the Las Vegas casino magnate and Republican donor Sheldon Adelson, but he was turned away like a freshman tossed out of a senior keg party. Andy Abboud, a top aide to Mr. Adelson, told Mr. Cruz he was not welcome there, according to two people in the suite who witnessed the exchange. “Nobody’s ever done in America,” Mr. Gingrich said. (He should know.) Mr. Cruz clearly agrees. After his dismissal from Mr. Adelson’s event, Mr. Cruz found a friendlier face. He went directly to the Ritz a few blocks away for drinks with Andrew F. Puzder, the   chief executive of Hardee’s and Carl’s Jr. and a major Republican donor who raised cash for Mr. Cruz’s campaign. Before long, Mr. Roe said, Mr. Cruz retired to his hotel room, keeping a lingering eye on his Twitter feed. After 1 a. m. a   email for his Senate campaign flooded email inboxes. Subject line: “Our fight goes on. ”",0
1757,"Lakers, in Shake-Up, Hand Reins to Magic Johnson - The New York Times","In a momentous organizational   the Los Angeles Lakers fired General Manager Mitch Kupchak on Tuesday and put Magic Johnson, one of the greatest players in N. B. A. history, in charge of the team’s front office as its president for basketball operations. It was a stunning power play by Jeanie Buss, the team president and   who removed her brother Jim from his role as executive vice president for basketball operations. Jim Buss will retain his ownership stake, Jeanie Buss said in a statement, but will no longer have any involvement in personnel decisions. “I took these actions today to achieve one goal,” Jeanie Buss said in the statement. “Everyone associated with the Lakers will now be pulling in the same direction, the direction established by Earvin and myself,” she continued, using Johnson’s given name. “We are determined to get back to competing to win N. B. A. championships again. ” She added that a search for a new general manager  —   one who would report to Johnson  —   was underway. Johnson has been involved with the organization in various capacities for decades but has no direct experience actually running a team. In a statement, he described his new position as a “dream come true. ” He added: “We have a great coach in Luke Walton and good young players. We will work tirelessly to return our Los Angeles Lakers to N. B. A. champions. ” But the Lakers, a marquee franchise that has foundered in recent seasons, have a long way to go before they will be capable of vying for a playoff berth, let alone be considered title contenders. In their first season under Walton, their record is   the third worst in the league. They have not made the playoffs since the   season, the longest such drought in franchise history. Hours after the overhaul was announced, the Lakers traded Lou Williams, their leading scorer, to the Houston Rockets for Corey Brewer and a future draft pick, according to The Associated Press. Johnson, 57, a   most valuable player during his Hall of Fame playing career with the Lakers, has maintained associations  —   both official and unofficial  —   with the team since he retired in 1996. (He did not play for four seasons, from 1991 to 1995, after he learned that he had H. I. V.) He briefly coached the Lakers during the   season, but they went just   with him on the bench. Johnson, a successful entrepreneur outside basketball, owned a share of the Lakers from 1994 to 2010 and after that retained a position as honorary vice president. But last year, after Johnson continued to run afoul of the league’s tampering rules for posting on Twitter about free agents, the Lakers stripped him of that title. He remained a fierce advocate for the team  —   and an occasional critic, known in part for his close association with Jeanie Buss and his estrangement from her brother. The siblings’ turbulent relationship is one of the league’s   soap operas. In 2014, Jim Buss told The Los Angeles Times that he would step down if the team failed to make a playoff run within three years. About three weeks ago, Johnson returned to the team as an adviser to Jeanie Buss in a move that appeared to signal that more organizational changes could be coming. On Tuesday, two days before the N. B. A. ’s trade deadline, Buss cleaned house. She even fired John Black, the team’s longtime communications director. It is a drastic overhaul of a team that has been characterized by considerable stability in the general manager’s position. Kupchak was in his 17th season in control of player personnel, since taking over for another Lakers Hall of Famer, Jerry West. Kupchak, along with Coach Phil Jackson, was largely responsible for assembling the Lakers teams that won    championships in 2009 and 2010. More recently, however, the Lakers have been hindered by a series of   moves, including a failed experiment in 2012 to build a superteam around three aging and mismatched pieces: Kobe Bryant, Steve Nash and Dwight Howard. The Lakers were also limited in their ability to rebuild after signing Bryant to a huge contract extension in 2013. Last season, in what amounted to a glorified farewell tour before Bryant’s retirement, the Lakers finished with a   17 wins. In Johnson, the Lakers turn to their storied past in hope of a brighter future.",0
1758,"Craig Sager, Colorful N.B.A. Sideline Reporter, Dies at 65 - The New York Times","Craig Sager, an exuberant sideline reporter for National Basketball Association television broadcasts who was as well known for his outlandishly garish outfits as for the questions he asked coaches and players, died on Thursday in Atlanta. He was 65. The cause was leukemia, according to a spokesman for Turner Sports. After receiving the diagnosis in 2014, Mr. Sager continued to work occasionally during what became a highly public illness. He received blood transfusions to be strong enough to travel to some games, and returned to a hospital after others. He last appeared in a game broadcast in June and canceled plans to work for NBC at the Summer Olympics in Brazil in August to continue treatment. Mr. Sager brought deep knowledge of basketball and a   spirit to his work. He was known for working behind the scenes to find news that he could use in his   reports or give to announcing colleagues like Marv Albert and Reggie Miller. “He was always hovering around the benches,” Mr. Albert said in a recent telephone interview. “And players told him things. ” But his journalism competed for attention with his psychedelic wardrobe. He strode the sideline of N. B. A. arenas in lilac, orange, banana yellow, black and lime green outfits  —   some in medleys of colors arrayed in stripes, plaids, swirls and other patterns that resembled Rorschach tests. He abhorred repeating any combinations. “My clothes reflect who I am,” he wrote in “Living Out Loud: Sports, Cancer and the Things Worth Fighting For,” his autobiography, which was published in November. “I believe that life should be fun and so should your clothes. ” His ensembles set him apart from other sideline reporters, who are usually bit players on sports broadcasts, typically given no more than one or two minutes to question sweaty athletes and cranky coaches between quarters, at halftime or after games. But Mr. Sager, with questions as well planned as his ensembles, became a favorite of players and coaches, not to mention the fans in the seats, as he walked into an arena in his sartorial splendor. “He had a very good relationship with players, but that didn’t mean he wouldn’t ask tough questions,” Mr. Albert said. “I also thought that the outfits he wore made him underrated. ” As his illness progressed, Mr. Sager had three bone marrow transplants, two from his older son, Craig II. On Mr. Sager’s return from a long hospital stay, his condition prompted Gregg Popovich, the San Antonio Spurs coach who is notoriously terse when responding to sideline reporters, to show rare warmth to Mr. Sager. “This is the first time I’ve enjoyed doing this ridiculous interview we’re required to do,” Mr. Popovich said, “and that’s because you’re here and you’re back with us. ” Then he added, “Now ask me a couple of inane questions. ” In June, Mr. Sager, who worked for TNT, was asked to be a sideline reporter at Game 6 of the N. B. A. finals on ABC, a rare invitation from a rival network. He scheduled the assignment  —   his first during a finals  —   between an   course of chemotherapy at the M. D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston and a Father’s Day outing in Florida. Not surprisingly, he purchased a new outfit for the game. “I can’t bring out something I’ve already worn,” he said in an interview with The New York Times. “I want to make sure I don’t look down. I want people to say, ‘Man, he looks good. ’” After the Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Golden State Warriors in Game 6, Mr. Sager interviewed the Cavaliers star LeBron James. After answering several questions, Mr. James reversed roles with Mr. Sager and asked: “How in the hell did you go   years without getting a finals game? That don’t make no sense. ” Mr. Sager smiled and said, “Thanks a lot for entertaining me. ” Craig Graham Sager was born on June 29, 1951, in Batavia, Ill. His father, Al, was an advertising and   executive his mother, Coral, was an avid golfer who held a pilot’s license. Mr. Sager attended Northwestern University, where, after trying out for the football team and playing for the freshman basketball team, he stepped into one of his earliest outrageous guises: Willie the Wildcat, the university’s mascot. After Northwestern’s football team upset Ohio State, Mr. Sager taunted the losing players while still in costume. In response, he wrote, members of the Ohio State marching band “began to push me and poke me with their flagpoles. ” After graduation he became a reporter for a radio station in Sarasota, Fla. On one assignment he leapt onto the field at   County Stadium after Hank Aaron hit his 715th home run to surpass Babe Ruth as baseball’s home run king. Wearing a trench coat, Mr. Sager, then 23, caught up to Mr. Aaron at home plate, amid a scrum of fans, reporters and relatives, to briefly interview him. Three years later, while covering the Belmont Stakes, Mr. Sager slept in Seattle Slew’s stable the night before the thoroughbred won the Triple Crown. Before leaving to take the horse for a morning walk, Mr. Sager wrote, he scooped up a piece of Seattle Slew’s excrement and preserved it for the next 39 years as a fragment of history. Mr. Sager also worked at TV stations in Florida and Kansas City, Mo. before joining CNN in 1981. In 1990 he moved to Turner Sports, where, besides the N. B. A. he covered golf, the National Football League, college football and basketball, and Major League Baseball. Mr. Sager is survived by his son Craig as well as another son, Ryan his daughters, Kacy, Krista and Riley Sager his second wife, Stacy and a sister, Candy Menzemer. Mr. Sager’s positive attitude and consuming desire to return to the sideline won him the Jimmy V Perseverance Award  —   named for Jim Valvano, the former North Carolina State basketball coach and ESPN commentator who died of bone cancer in 1993  —   at the ESPY Awards show in July. Wearing a floral print jacket, he said in his acceptance speech: “Whatever I might have imagined a terminal diagnosis would do to my spirit, it summoned quite the opposite  —   the greatest appreciation for life itself. So I will never give up, and I will never give in. ”",0
1759,What We Learned From Five Hours of Trump on Tape - The New York Times,"Michael D’Antonio never planned to release the recordings of his interviews with Donald J. Trump. The intimate conversations, which totaled five hours, were a research tool for his 2015 biography of the real estate mogul. But something changed. A year later, Mr. Trump decided to run for president. And Mr. D’Antonio was deeply alarmed by the kind of campaign that Mr. Trump decided to wage. So a few weeks ago, the biographer allowed me to listen to the taped interviews. Those recordings, which capture Mr. Trump in unusually candid, searching and unguarded ways, are the basis for a special   episode of The  . In both, Mr D’Antonio and I explore Mr. Trump’s emotional life, pyschology and behaviors, relying heavily on Mr. Trump’s own words from the tapes. The recordings reveal dimensions of Mr. Trump we rarely see. He describes his lust for fighting in high school. He revels in the first time his name was mentioned in a newspaper. And he acknowledges a fear that the adoration of strangers, a sustaining force in his life, may someday fade away. Episode No. 1 focuses on Mr. Trump’s reluctance to confront the traumas of his childhood: his parents’ decision to send him off, at age 13, to a distant and discplined miliary academy his difficult relationship with his father and the tragic death of his older brother. “What’s kind of tragic about Donald is, he doesn’t know himself and he really doesn’t want anyone else to know him,” Mr. D’Antonio tells me in Episode No. 1. He goes on: Mr. D’Antonio expands on that idea of a superficial reality later in our interview, as we talk about Mr. Trump’s lavish lifestyle. “I think there is something about him that pursues this display of luxury as a signal to the world,” he says. “He thinks that we think that this is what a billionaire’s life is supposed to look like. So it’s not even Donald Trump’s life that he’s living. What he’s living is the life of an imaginary billionaire. ” Episode No. 2 further explores the grown man Mr. Trump became: fixated on his own celebrity, anxious about losing his status and contemptuous of those who fall from grace. That episode also tackles the question of why Mr. Trump decided to run for president. “Donald Trump is a bottomless pit of need, and the presidency was the only object big enough that he could imagine seizing to fill up that hole,” Mr. D’Antonio says. “It’s not going to be enough, were he to win. “And the fact that he’s perhaps going to lose is going to be so trying for him to absorb, and it’s going to mean that that big space remains empty and unfilled,” Mr. D’Antonio continued. “He is likely to go around the world trying to seek attention in the style of a president  —   even though he’s not actually holding the office  —   in an attempt to compensate for it. “If we think we’ve seen and heard a lot from Donald Trump this year, I think we haven’t seen or heard anything yet. ” From a desktop or laptop, you can listen by pressing play on the button above. Or if you’re on a mobile device, the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series. On your iPhone or iPad: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Podcasts” with a purple icon. (This link may help.) 2. Search for the series. Tap on the “search” magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen, type in “The  ” and select it from the list of results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, tap on the “subscribe” button to have new episodes sent to your phone free. You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, tap on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode. On your Android phone or tablet: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Play Music” with an    icon. (This link may help.) 2. Search for the series. Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen, search for the name of the series and select it from the list of results. You may have to scroll down to find the “Podcasts” search results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, click on the word “subscribe” to have new episodes sent to your phone free. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, click on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode.",0
1760,Congress Takes Aim at DOJ ’Slush Fund’ to Left-Wing Activists - Breitbart,"This week, Congress turned attention toward a continuing Obama Administration policy wherein the Justice Department (DOJ) incentivizes corporate payments to   activist groups like La Raza. [As President Donald Trump wages war against federal bureaucrats left over from the Obama Administration, lawmakers are taking aim at this practice  —   instituted by former Attorney General Eric Holder  —   which effectively funds progressive     operations by shaking down financial institutions.  A 2015 Wall Street Journal   from Kimberly Strassel called the program “a scheme to undermine Congress’s spending authority by independently transferring dollars to President Obama’s political allies. ” On Wednesday, Fox News named two Republicans who have submitted bills to eliminate this “shadowy DOJ slush fund” in both houses of Congress. Reporter Melissa Jacobs writes that “investigators have accounted for $3 billion paid” out through the practice: While legislation sputtered last year, lawmakers have resurrected an effort to quash the practice with companion bills in the House and Senate. “Democrats thought it was an attack on Obama,” said Sen. James Lankford,  . speaking to Fox News. “This is not a Republican or Democrat issue, but one of good government. Actions settled by the federal government should go back to the federal government, back to the taxpayer. ” Lankford has introduced the Stop Settlement Slush Fund Act of 2017 while House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte,  . submitted similar legislation in the House. In late October, Breitbart News reported on the DOJ’s “extortion” policy, though the story gained little national traction in the final weeks of the presidential election. A study by the Government Accountability Institute (GAI) titled “Follow the Money: How the Department of Justice Funds Progressive Activists,” shed light on the Obama DOJ’s de facto fundraiser for various progressive groups. GAI President and Breitbart News Senior    Peter Schweizer appeared on the SiriusXM program Breitbart News Daily to discuss the new report. Schweizer summarized the policy as an effort “to influence this election”: What’s really happening here is simple. You’ve got large financial institutions on Wall Street, you’ve got banks like Bank of America, who have in some cases committed financial crimes. I think some of them are real, some of them may not be, but set that aside for a minute. The Department of Justice has gone after them and basically said, ‘You committed these offenses, you’ve got to pay restitution in the form of billions of dollars.’ Okay, they committed the crime, they ought to pay that. Now, ostensibly that money, those billions of dollars, are supposed to go to the victims of their financial crimes. If your Wall Street broker committed fraud, you’re supposed to be made whole with this money, and the rest of it is supposed to go to taxpayers. The problem is the Obama Justice Department has been diverting literally more than $650 million to   groups. They do it under the guise of, “Well, you know, if this bank discriminated against lenders racially, we’re going to give this money to these     housing groups to help deal with the problem. ” But that’s not what’s going on. These housing groups are advocacy groups. They’re   organizations. They are registering voters and getting voters out to the voting booth. And they specifically target what they call   progressive voters. So this is taking the Department of Justice, which we’ve experienced so much in recent years has been politicized by this Administration, even further to where now the Department of Justice is transferring money to   groups  —   in an effort, frankly I think, to influence this election. ",0
1761,"Rodrigo Duterte Ordered Philippine Killings, Professed Hit Man Testifies - The New York Times","MANILA  —   He was a member of a hit squad that killed hundreds over the years, taking part in about 50 of the murders himself. One victim was fed to crocodiles, he recalled, and four others were hanged and thrown into the sea. The   hit man, Edgar Matobato, said that Rodrigo Duterte, the new president of the Philippines, presided over the extrajudicial killings of about 1, 000 criminal suspects and political opponents when he was mayor of Davao City for most of the past two decades  —   even ordering some of the killings himself. “We were tasked to kill criminals every day,” Mr. Matobato said Thursday at a televised Senate hearing investigating extrajudicial killings under Mr. Duterte in Davao City. Mr. Duterte’s promise during his presidential campaign to pursue his antidrug push nationally has alarmed human rights groups, which fear that extrajudicial killings are eroding the rule of law in the Philippines, an important American ally in Asia. International leaders have also expressed concern, including President Obama, who urged Mr. Duterte to observe the rule of law and human rights. In his testimony, Mr. Matobato, 57, said he was appointed to the death squad, originally known as the Lambada Boys, after Mr. Duterte was elected mayor of Davao in 1988. He said that the squad operated with the tacit approval of the Davao police. In his most explosive remarks, Mr. Matobato said that he had heard Mr. Duterte personally order some of the killings carried out by the   Davao Death Squad. He also said that in 1993, he watched Mr. Duterte shoot and kill an agent of the National Bureau of Investigation with an Uzi submachine gun in Davao. But a report on the shooting in a local newspaper that year did not mention Mr. Duterte, and senators at the hearing on Thursday did not press Mr. Matobato for further details. A spokesman for the president, Martin Andanar, denied the charges on Thursday, saying of Mr. Duterte: “I don’t think he is capable of giving those orders. ” Mr. Duterte has a history of provocative remarks about criminal justice, including his assertion in 2009 that crime suspects were “a legitimate target of assassination. ” Rights groups have long accused him of being complicit in hundreds of extrajudicial killings in Davao. The Philippine Commission on Human Rights said that from 2005 to 2009, the Davao Death Squad had killed 206 people, including 107 who had criminal records or were suspected of crimes. The hearing on Thursday was led by Senator Leila de Lima, a former chairwoman of the Philippine Commission on Human Rights, an independent government body that has investigated police killings in Davao and is looking at a new spate of deaths nationwide. Ms. de Lima, a former secretary of justice, has also criticized Mr. Duterte for a nationwide spike in extrajudicial killings since he became president that he has encouraged  —   vowing, for example, to kill 100, 000 criminals within six months of taking office. “Perhaps we can link what is happening now to what happened in Davao City in the 1990s until the present, and how the Philippines now mirrors the city of Davao under the   rule of Mayor Duterte,” Ms. de Lima said at the hearing Thursday. Mr. Matobato testified on Thursday that his hit squad had even been ordered to “ambush” Ms. de Lima, but that they were not able to get to her for logistical reasons. Ernesto Abella, a spokesman for Mr. Duterte, said that the hearing was “a rehash of issues that have already been addressed in 2009” under Ms. de Lima, and that “even then no case was filed against   Duterte. ” He added, “Aside from indications that this is a perjured witness, one wonders at the timing of the case, when de Lima is about to face the Senate inquiry on her alleged involvement in the illegal drug case. ” The national police said in a statement on Thursday that 1, 506 people suspected of being drug dealers or users had been killed by the police in the campaign since Mr. Duterte took office and that 1, 571 additional murders over the same period were under investigation. Mr. Duterte has responded to criticism by going on the offensive. This month, he called Mr. Obama a “son of a whore” and threatened to repeat the slur in person if Mr. Obama challenged him on extrajudicial deaths as the two crossed paths at a regional meeting in Laos. Mr. Duterte has also accused Ms. de Lima of taking drug cartel money  —   a charge she denied  —   and suggested that she hang herself. Joseph Franco, a research fellow at the Nanyang Technological University in Singapore who has studied the Philippine military establishment, said that allegations about the Davao Death Squad had never been aired so publicly at a   Senate hearing. “This will be a test case,” he said in an email. “We shall see if Matobato’s testimony creates the condition to remove the chilling effect” that Mr. Duterte’s “clan” had long exerted on potential witnesses. Death squads have also killed gang members and children in Davao, the New   advocacy group Human Rights Watch said in a 2009 report on extrajudicial violence in the Philippines, citing interviews with dozens of the victims’ relatives. The report said impunity for such crimes in Davao and elsewhere was “nearly total. ” But Mr. Duterte has long denied any direct knowledge of   death squads, and the Davao police say they have not found evidence that the squads exist. In his Senate testimony, Mr. Matobato also said his squad worked with government security forces to target a mosque, adding that Mr. Duterte ordered the attack to avenge the 1993 bombing of a cathedral. Mr. Matobato testified that he threw a grenade into the mosque but it turned out to be empty, so Mr. Duterte personally ordered the squad to round up Muslim suspects in the cathedral bombing. “We pounced on them and later killed them, and buried them in a quarry,” Mr. Matobato said. He said Mr. Duterte was also personally involved in the killing of Juan Pala, the spokesman for a vigilante group that once defended Davao and neighboring communities from attacks by members of a Communist insurgency. Mr. Pala had accused Mr. Duterte of corruption before he was shot in 2003, Mr. Matobato said, and the killing was made to appear like the work of Communist rebels. In 2013, Mr. Matobato said, he tried to leave the death squad. “I wanted to work decently, and my conscience was bothering me,” he said. “Innocent people were being killed. ” His handlers tortured him, he added, but eventually let him go.",0
1762,Standing Rock Indian Reservation: Thousands Of Wild Buffalo Appear Out Of Nowhere,"Share on Facebook Native Americans attempting to stop a pipeline from being built on their land and water just got assistance from a large herd of wild buffalo. Indigenous culture honors American bison (known as Tatanka Oyate, or Buffalo Nation) as a symbol of sacrifice, as the bison give their lives to provide food, shelter, and clothing through the use of their meat and their hides. Native Americans maintain a spiritual tradition with bison , believing that as long as buffalo — a gift from the Great Spirit — roam free and as long as the herds are bountiful, the sovereignty of indigenous people would remain strong. And in the midst of mass arrests, mace attacks, and beatings from batons, a stampede of bison suddenly appeared near the Standing Rock protest camp. A cry of joy reportedly erupted from the Standing Rock Sioux, as they had been praying for assistance from the Tatanka Oyate during their standoff with riot police and national guardsmen. As the police response to the Sioux's ongoing nonviolent civil disobedience escalates, tribal leaders are calling on state and federal governments to respect the constitutional rights of water protectors and stop the mistreatment of the indigenous community. “We call on the state of North Dakota to oversee the actions of local law enforcement to, first and foremost, ensure everyone's safety. The Department of Justice must send overseers immediately to ensure the protection of First Amendment rights and the safety of thousands here at Standing Rock,” wrote David Archambault II , chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe. “DOJ can no longer ignore our requests.” Related:",0
1763,Смогут ли выборы в Соединенных Штатах что-то изменить? | Новое восточное обозрение,"Регион: США в мире В своей новой статье канадский эксперт по международному праву и правам человека Кристофер Блэк отмечает, что у многих западных обывателей сложилось впечатление, что благодаря президентским выборам им удалось избежать ужасной участи, которую готовила им Хиллари Клинтон. Но какая судьба их ожидает теперь? Автор подчеркивает, что для того, чтобы Трамп смог вернуть рабочие места в Соединенные Штаты, ему нужно понизить уровень оплаты труда до уровня, к которому рабочие давно привыкли в Африке или Китае. Такова цена капитализма, где блага производятся для получения прибыли. А потому эта самая прибыль искусственно вычитается из цены произведенного блага, оставляя человеку лишь жалкие крохи. В итоге, ни один из возможных кандидатов в президенты США не сможет разрешить кризис современной Америки, потому что называется он — капитализм. Что касается такого понятия, как социализм, то в США долгие годы пропаганды сделали его чуть ли не грубым, неприличным словом. Так есть ли выход? И какой? С полной версией статьи вы можете ознакомиться здесь . Популярные статьи ",0
1764,Trump to Paul Ryan: Get NATO to ’Pay Their Bills’ - Breitbart,"Tuesday in Kenosha, WI at the world headquarters of   Inc. President Donald Trump called on House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) who is on a bipartisan congressional trip visiting NATO countries, to get members of NATO “to pay their bills. ”  Trump said,”And although he could not be here today, my thanks go to Speaker Ryan who’s represented the city for nearly two decades in Congress. And you know where he is? He’s with NATO. And  —   so he has a good excuse. And I said Ron, make sure these countries start paying their bills a little bit more, you know. They’re way, way behind. We have to do  —   well I’m going to talk to you about that, Ron. But Paul, you’re over with NATO, get them to pay their bills. I think that  —   and Ron you have to work on that too. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
1765,Is Obama preparing a parting shot on Israel? This President must not bind the next,"Print 
Last week, the UN’s premier cultural agency, UNESCO, approved a resolution viciously condemning Israel (referred to as “the Occupying Power”) for various alleged trespasses and violations of the Temple Mount in Jerusalem. Except that the resolution never uses that term for Judaism’s holiest shrine. It refers to and treats it as an exclusively Muslim site, a deliberate attempt to eradicate its connection — let alone its centrality — to the Jewish people and Jewish history. 
This Orwellian absurdity is an insult not just to Judaism but to Christianity. It makes a mockery of the Gospels, which chronicle the story of a Galilean Jew whose life and ministry unfolded throughout the Holy Land, most especially in Jerusalem and the Temple. If this is nothing but a Muslim site, what happens to the very foundation of Christianity, which occurred 600 years before Islam even came into being? 
This UNESCO resolution is merely the surreal extreme of the worldwide campaign to delegitimize Israel. It features the BDS movement (Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions), now growing on Western university campuses and some mainline Protestant churches. And it extends even into some precincts of the Democratic Party.",0
1766,Donald Trump’s Description of Black America Is Offending Those Living in It - The New York Times,"ATLANTA  —   Demeitrus Williams has heard what Donald J. Trump has been saying recently about black people: That their neighborhoods were “war zones. ” That they struggle to get by on food stamps. That they see nothing but failure around them. Mr. Williams, 61, a retired postal employee who is   acknowledged that Mr. Trump’s remarks described a reality for some black people. But it was not his reality, or that of people he knew. And the fact that those generalizations, in which all   inhabit a hell of violence and dysfunction, came as part of an outreach effort on Mr. Trump’s part elicited from Mr. Williams an incredulous and slightly bitter cascade of chuckles. “Who’s he talking about?” Mr. Williams said Wednesday over lunch at Ponce City Market, an upscale development with a hip food court that draws an ethnically and racially mixed crowd. “I don’t know  —   most of the black people I know are educated and live in nice neighborhoods. Everybody in my family is required to have a degree. ” Dogged by suggestions that he has been running a racist campaign, Mr. Trump has been expressing concern for   more in the past week than at any other point in his presidential run and making a direct appeal for their votes. “What do you have to lose?” he has asked. But the unrelievedly dire picture he has painted of black America has left many black voters angry, dumbfounded or both. Interviews with roughly a dozen blacks here turned up no one who found any appeal in Mr. Trump’s remarks. More common was the suggestion that Mr. Trump was trying to appeal to whites who might support him. “I hear him not talking to black people, but talking to white people about black people so they will think he cares about black people,” said Alexis Scott, a former publisher of The Atlanta Daily World, a   newspaper. “The real thing that he’s trying to do is to try to protect some of the white vote by suggesting to them that he cares. ” Speaking invariably to almost   audiences, Mr. Trump has portrayed blacks as living lives of utter desperation. “What do you have to lose by trying something new, like Trump?” he asked a crowd in Virginia on Saturday. “You’re living in your poverty, your schools are no good, you have no jobs, 58 percent of your youth is unemployed  —   what the hell do you have to lose?” Marc Morial, the president of the National Urban League, said that black Americans faced challenges, but that Mr. Trump’s depiction of a hopeless, violent black America did not match reality. “It’s an inaccurate portrayal of the community that seeks to define the community by only its biggest challenges,” Mr. Morial said. “Black America has deep problems  —   deep economic problems  —   but black America also has a large community of striving, successful,   people: college educated, in the work force. ” Poverty is far more prevalent in black households than the general population, but the vast majority of   do not live in poverty. According to census data released last year, 26 percent of blacks live in poverty, compared with 15 percent of the country as a whole. Only about one out of every four households receiving food stamps in 2014 was black, according to the United States Department of Agriculture. One area where blacks lag severely is homeownership. Rates of homeownership for blacks have dipped over the past four years to 41. 7 percent in the second quarter of this year, the lowest rate among any racial group, according to the Census Bureau. The unemployment rate for blacks is nearly double the national average. Mr. Trump’s tone and strategy in courting the black vote is distinctly different from that of previous Republican presidential nominees, whose more formal outreach efforts had limited success. In 2004, for instance, President George W. Bush addressed the National Urban League, and in 2012, Mitt Romney appeared before the N. A. A. C. P. “Someone like George W. Bush, to his credit, actually went to black audiences with people who had real connections to black communities,” said Matthew B. Platt, a political scientist at historically black Morehouse College. “He actually made those kinds of connections to then filter down to regular black people. Trump is not doing anything of that sort. ” But he noted that Mr. Trump’s basic presentation to black voters was perhaps not altogether different from the one he has made to white voters. “It seems to me that Trump’s argument is this: ‘Your life sucks. Try something new. I’m something new,’” he said. “That’s the argument he’s making to black voters and, more broadly, that’s the entire Trump campaign. ” Mr. Trump would seem to have nowhere to go but up among   voters. A recent NBC   Street Journal poll found Hillary Clinton with a 91 to 1 percent advantage over Mr. Trump among blacks. Many say Mr. Trump’s role in leading the   birther movement that questioned President Obama’s birthplace doomed his chances with   voters. “Social media and YouTube have a record of what he’s said in the last year, much less the last five or six years,” said Andra Gillespie, an Emory University political scientist, who is black. “You can’t just make one speech, have a good week and then all of a sudden think people are going to forget everything you’ve done. ” Some black conservatives, however, defended Mr. Trump. Wayne Dupree, a radio host, posted a live video to Periscope, an app that allows users to   video, saying that Mrs. Clinton had been tricking black people for years. He urged blacks to look at the conditions they were living under. “Look to the left, look to the right and look in front of you and tell me if things haven’t changed,” he said. “Then why do you keep voting for the Democratic Party? Why do you keep voting for the same side?” He urged blacks to help get Mr. Trump “elected so that we can change America. ”’ “America needs to go a different route,” Mr. Dupree said. The Trump campaign rejected criticism with a statement from Lynne Patton, a black woman who is an assistant to the Trump family, accusing Democrats of treating black voters as a “monolith. ” In Atlanta on Wednesday, Nate Cohen, 35, a health care information technology worker, was among the   unimpressed by Mr. Trump’s efforts. Mr. Cohen’s most generous interpretation was that perhaps Mr. Trump had not done his homework. Perhaps he needed to hit the streets and see the variety of the black experience. “I don’t recall ever seeing him going out into those hedges and highways,” he said. “You can’t just go on what you see on TV. ” Certainly, he said, some live in dire poverty. Mr. Cohen’s side job is as a motivational speaker, work that takes him to troubled neighborhoods. But he said blacks and Latinos were not the only people living in such conditions. He said he had tried to give Mr. Trump a fair hearing, but had been turned off to him long ago. Mr. Trump, he said, will say “warped” things  —   like proposing to bar Muslims from entering the country or deporting all illegal immigrants  —   and then say things to “patch it up. ” He wondered whether Mr. Trump was appealing to whites, reinforcing stereotypes about blacks. “You’ve got to be mindful of who you affect, and who you infect,” he said, adding that Mr. Trump might be “infecting” his white audience with racist ideas. Or as Ms. Scott put it: “He is giving voice to every stereotype he’s ever heard. I heard someone say, ‘It’s like he only watches “The Wire,” and that’s what he knows about black people. ’” At Six Feet Under, a seafood restaurant popular among blacks and whites, Anthony Simpson, 55, said he had heard Mr. Trump’s comments, but paid them little mind. He said he had long dismissed Mr. Trump as “a joke. ” Mr. Simpson, who owns a demolition business, said he was not surprised that Mr. Trump had offended many black people, after the things he had said about Muslims and Latinos. “He eventually was going to get around to it,” he said.",0
1767,U.S. Strategy to Hobble North Korea Was Hidden in Plain Sight - The New York Times,"Washington usually cloaks its most critical defense programs in secrecy. But in the case of using cyberstrikes, electronic warfare and other exotic forms of sabotage to redefine antimissile defense for the United States, many   officials and officers have been talking openly, often to persuade Congress to fund the secretive efforts. The public conversation about the new antimissile approach, known as “left of launch,” has been careful. Typically, military leaders and contractors have spoken vaguely about technologies and targets. But at moments they have also declared that it is all about North Korea and Iran, at least for now. The idea is to strike an enemy missile before liftoff or during the first seconds of flight. The old approach waited until much later  —   after swarms of warheads had been released, had traveled thousands of miles and were racing toward targets at speeds in excess of four miles a second. Officials have praised    strikes as a novel way of knocking out enemy missiles at a tiny fraction of the usual cost. In presentations and congressional testimony, senior officials have described the method as a potentially revolutionary way to strengthen the defenses of the United States. The public unveiling began in late 2013 when Gen. Martin E. Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the nation’s   military officer, warned of falling budgets and rising missile threats. That dilemma, he wrote in a policy guidance document for American troops, called for the development of unconventional defenses that would be far cheaper than traditional rocket interceptors. In 2014, Adm. James A. Winnefeld Jr. vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs, told the Atlantic Council that    strikes would, by definition, remain a novel adjunct to wider antimissile efforts. “While we would still obviously prefer to take a threat missile out while it’s still on the ground,” he said, “we won’t always have the luxury of doing so. ” The result, he added, would be the continuing need for “solid    capability”  —   in other words, the traditional methods. In 2015, top antimissile experts gathered at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a Washington think tank. Archer M. Macy Jr. a retired Navy rear admiral, said the Defense Department was developing ways not only of preventing successful missile launches but of interfering in their flights and navigation. Kenneth E. Todorov, a retired Air Force brigadier general, raised the question of how to authorize what would amount to   war  —   of attacking first to gain a strategic advantage. “Are we, as a military and a nation,” he asked, prepared to “go after potential targets in advance?” No consensus emerged. Raytheon, the nation’s top antimissile contractor, went wide rather than deep. In a conference presentation, it disclosed that the new developments included not just cyber and electronic strikes but the targeting of enemy factories, hinting at industrial sabotage. The glossy presentation included a lineup of “sophisticated adversaries,” including Kim   the North Korean leader. Last year, the Pentagon’s budget request for 2017 said an antimissile program known as Nimble Fire had advanced General Dempsey’s goals by exploring “electronic attack” and “offensive cyber operations. ” The details, it said, were classified secret. In April, a number of budget hearings in the House and Senate focused on    programs. Some of the most revealing testimony came before Senator Jeff Sessions, then chairman of the Strategic Forces subcommittee of the Senate Armed Services Committee and now attorney general. Vice Adm. James D. Syring of the Navy, director of the Pentagon’s Missile Defense Agency, described    strikes and other unorthodox approaches as “game changing” because they reduced the need to “rely exclusively on expensive interceptors. ” Brian P. McKeon, then the Pentagon’s under secretary of defense for policy, said the Defense Department sought new and old antimissile arms “to deal with the threat of missiles from either North Korea or Iran. ” Of all the nations that might threaten the United States, he noted in his testimony, those two countries “are driving our investments. ” At a House hearing, Adm. William E. Gortney, then head of the North American Aerospace Defense Command, which has the responsibility for firing the nation’s antimissile weapons in time of war, was asked what Congress should do “to ensure our military forces” can execute    strikes. Admiral Gortney said that in the committee’s secret session he could discuss the development of classified technologies where “investments are absolutely critical. ”",0
1768,Coulter: Trump ’Attacking a Lying Media’ - ’They Do Lie’ - Breitbart,"Saturday, conservative columnist Ann Coulter defended President Donald Trump for his feud with the media, saying he is not attacking the first amendment or the media itself, but rather “attacking a lying media. ”  “[Trump] is not attacking the first amendment. He’s not attacking a free press or the media, he’s attacking a lying media, and they do lie,” Coulter told host Judge Jeanine Pirro. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
1769,The East Lobs a Blockbuster-Hopeful to the West With ‘The Great Wall’ - The New York Times,"LOS ANGELES  —   “The Great Wall,” an epic fantasy film that cost at least $150 million to make, opens with Matt Damon fleeing on horseback through red stone formations in Northwest China. A snarling swarm of   green monsters is hot on his heels. One fast plot twist later, he stands atop a monumental stone wall, one guarded by thousands of Chinese warriors in dazzling uniforms. Cut to generals with furrowed brows fretting in Mandarin as the monsters come tumbling over a hill. Will their megastructure do its job? The same question, more or less, faces “The Great Wall” as it begins its global theatrical release. The movie, filmed entirely in China, was engineered not just as escapist entertainment but also proof that the Chinese film industry can serve up global blockbusters too  —   that event films can rise in the East and play in the West. The last   film to become a breakout hit in North America was “Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon,” which awed with its martial arts and stunt work and took in a surprising $180 million in 2000, after adjusting for inflation. “If this doesn’t work, then I don’t know what will,” said Stanley Rosen, a   professor at the University of Southern California who has studied China’s efforts in recent years to emerge as a moviemaking superpower. “The film addresses a lot of the previous issues that China has faced as it’s tried to internationalize its film industry, like language and the lack of internationally known stars. ” “The Great Wall” passed its first test. Released in Chinese theaters on Friday, the movie collected a strong $67 million in tickets over its first three days, according to the Beijing box office tracker Ent Group. The film’s total after five days was $82 million, as much as “Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them” collected in China during its entire run. “Step 1 went really, really well,” said Thomas Tull, chief executive of Legendary Entertainment, which produced “The Great Wall” with Universal Pictures, China’s Le Vision Pictures and China Film Group. “Given market conditions, I feel like it was a big success,” Mr. Tull added, noting that the Chinese box office has lately been in a funk, with growth slowing sharply, partly because of a glut of fantasies. Even so, “The Great Wall” remains a long way from the box office threshold Legendary ultimately hopes to hit in China  —   $200 million or so for its full run  —   and some analysts were underwhelmed by turnout given the marketing push the film received. Before its release, expectations for the film had become as considerable as the epochal structure for which it was named. Marketing efforts included two trailers, three music videos, 60 online video ads and stunts in 260 shopping malls owned by the Dalian Wanda Group, the Chinese conglomerate that bought Legendary for $3. 5 billion in January. “It’s too soon to say,” Mr. Tull said, when asked whether he thought the film, which drew mixed reviews in China, would be profitable. The crucial test lies ahead. “The Great Wall” arrives in North American multiplexes on Feb. 17. Movie executives say prospects in the United States and Canada come down to one question: Are ticket buyers ready to embrace a film that is very much Chinese, even if it does have an American star in a lead role? “It’s daunting,” said Peter Loehr, a Legendary executive in Beijing and one of the film’s producers. “I do hope it works, but I don’t know. ” The People’s Daily, the Communist Party newspaper, even weighed in on “The Great Wall” this week, publishing a commentary following what it called “lively online criticism” of the film. “Even if it is successful in overseas markets, the road on which Chinese culture goes out to the world is bound to be bumpy,” the article said. Directed by Zhang Yimou, known for films like “House of Flying Daggers” and for orchestrating the opening and closing ceremonies of the 2008 Summer Olympic Games in Beijing, “The Great Wall” finds Mr. Damon in ancient China as William Garin, a bedraggled European mercenary. Garin and his partner (Pedro Pascal, known for Netflix’s “Narcos”) soon discover that the wall was not, as history tells it, erected to keep out invading nomads, but rather to protect against the mythical   creatures that rush the wall every 60 years in an attack on humanity. Garin spends much of the film learning about the Chinese culture of   and sacrifice. Meanwhile, there are astounding action sequences as the wall is defended (similar to the siege of Minas Tirith in “The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King”) and a subplot involving sneaky Westerners, who covet China’s “black powder. ” Chinese stars include Andy Lau, Jing Tian and the pop idol Lu Han.   Industrial Light  Magic handled the visual effects. To appeal to international audiences, about 80 percent of the dialogue is in English. (Those portions were subtitled in Chinese for the Chinese run Western audiences will get a version that is 20 percent subtitled in English.) Mr. Zhang’s extreme   pacing and use of   effects that come straight at viewers are likely to stand out as a departure from Hollywood’s usual cinematic language, but Ms. Jing’s character may best sum up the cultural needle the movie tries to thread. Her general is at once the supreme leader (in keeping with a recent trend in Hollywood movies to depict women as every bit as tough as men) and strikingly demure when not in battle (something the filmmakers felt made her more viable to Eastern audiences). Trying to appeal to everyone often warps the result. Movie executives, citing past experiences, say that audiences leave thinking that something was off the mark, even if they aren’t quite sure what. “The biggest challenge in the film was integrating the two cultures,” Mr. Zhang said in an interview in Beijing this month. “We knew it would not be enough to rely on the novelty of the film’s Chinese elements to attract Western audiences. So we spent a lot of energy and time working on the story. ” Part of the plot  —   the inclusion of a white hero  —   has incited controversy. Some critics, judging the film by its trailers, accused Mr. Zhang of giving Mr. Damon a part that should have gone to an Asian actor, a practice known as whitewashing. In truth, the role was written specifically as  . Mr. Damon was sought for the part because he is a proven box office star around the world, including in China. “There are five major heroes in our story and he is one of them  —   the other four are all Chinese,” Mr. Zhang said in a statement when the outcry erupted online in August. “The Great Wall” will attract additional scrutiny when it arrives in the United States because it comes as some lawmakers question China’s increasingly aggressive efforts to use motion pictures to promote itself. But the movie, if successful, could foster more collaboration between Chinese and American filmmakers. It qualified under Chinese rules as an official “” a coveted governmental status that entitles   film companies to a greater share of the ticketing revenue.   receive 43 percent of   ticket sales, compared with 25 percent for typical Hollywood imports. American studios have struggled to meet the   requirements, which mandate the inclusion of “Chinese elements,” a nebulous umbrella term that touches on everything from the film’s financing to its casting, story line and shooting location. “The Great Wall” was filmed in locations across China, including in Qingdao, the eastern port city where the real    behemoth Dalian Wanda is building an $8 billion movie facility and tourism complex to attract American productions. “I have a feeling that Qingdao is going to be calling a lot of us back over the next few years,” Mr. Damon said in an interview. “It’s pretty incredible. ” But does he think “The Great Wall” will be a hit on his home turf? “I’m not really the target audience for the movie,” he said. “It’s really fun and spectacular in the true meaning of the word. But, then again, I don’t know how to predict what that will mean. ”",0
1770,Only Love Can Defeat the New World Order,"Podcast: Play in new window | Download | Embed 
Whatever side of whatever political divide you are on, these times will pass. The question is what will emerge on the other side. Do we want a world of hatred and division where people are divided and ruled by psychopaths and warmongers, or a world where love brings us together to create the world we want to live in? It’s not the Powers-That-Shouldn’t-Be’s choice to make; it’s ours. So what world do you want to live in?",0
1771,Peak Millennial? Cities Can’t Assume a Continued Boost From the Young - The New York Times,"Over the past decade, many American cities have been transformed by young professionals of the millennial generation, with downtowns turning into bustling neighborhoods full of new apartments and pricey coffee bars. But soon, cities may start running out of millennials. A number of demographers, along with economists and real estate consultants, are starting to contemplate what urban cores will look like now that the generation  —   America’s largest  —   is cresting. Millennials are generally considered to be those born between the early 1980s and late 1990s or early 2000s, and many in this generation are aging from their 20s into the more traditionally suburban   years. There are already some signs that the inflow of young professionals into cities has reached its peak, and that the outflow of   couples to the suburbs has resumed after stalling during the Great Recession. Dowell Myers, a professor of demography and urban planning at the University of Southern California, recently published a paper that noted American cities reached “peak millennial” in 2015. Over the next few years, he predicts, the growth in demand for urban living is likely to stall. The flow of young professionals into Philadelphia has flattened, according to JLL Research, while apartment rents have started to soften in a number of big cities because of a glut of new construction geared toward urban newcomers who haven’t arrived. Apartment rents in San Francisco, Washington, Denver, Miami and New York are moderating or even declining from a year ago, according to Zillow. “Certainly the softening of rents is one sign that they are not coming in at the pace that people thought they would,” said Diane Swonk, an independent economist in Chicago. The debate is full of contours and caveats, but it really boils down to this: Are large numbers of millennials really so enamored with city living that they will age and raise families inside the urban core, or will many of them, like earlier generations, eventually head to the suburbs in search of bigger homes and better school districts? Their choices  —   and it will be at least a few years before a definitive direction is clear  —   will have an impact on city budgets and gentrification fights. It could change the streetscape itself as businesses shift. It will affect billions of dollars’ worth of new apartments built on the premise that the flood of young people into cities would continue unabated. It could also have a big impact on the American landscape more generally. For the past   the trend toward suburbanization has continued with no real opposition. Even in the 1990s and 2000s, when urban areas were starting to turn around, subdivisions continued to expand. Have millennials ended that trend? Here’s one thing we know: People get older. Another is that people’s tolerance for   jobs and small urban apartments is highest when they are young adults. So while many things affect the increasing popularity of city living, including lower crime rates and a preference for walkable neighborhoods, one of the biggest factors is simply the number of people who are around 25. Right now, that number is as high as it has been in decades. Another big driver of urban demand, immigration (both documented and undocumented) has been roughly constant since 2000. That number could change with policy, but given the current political climate, immigration seems unlikely to go up. The last time the nation had a huge bubble of    was the late 1970s and early 1980s. Then, like now, an influx of people in their early 20s moved into cities. There were newspaper articles about young professionals gentrifying urban neighborhoods “Changing San Francisco Is Foreseen as a Haven for Wealthy and Childless,” a New York Times headline said in 1981. Each era has its economic challenges, and many millennials had the misfortune of entering adulthood during the Great Recession and its aftermath. The people at the tail end of Generation X, who came after the baby boomers, were born in the   years of the late 1970s and entered adulthood during the late 1990s financial boom. But the bulk of millennials came of age when jobs were scarce, Mr. Myers noted. They started moving into cities and apartments during years when rent was historically high. The number of young professionals was rising, adding to apartment demand, but supply was tight because new construction stalled during the recession. When city populations started swelling in the early and   it had less to do with the first of the millennials moving in than it did with lots of slightly older people not moving out, according to Kenneth Johnson, a demographer at the Carsey School of Public Policy at the University of New Hampshire. The presence of so many young college graduates upended many American cities. You can see it in the hordes of techies congregating on weekends at Dolores Park in San Francisco and in the battles over gentrification. It’s behind new demands for rent control and the artists who live in cheap but unsafe warehouses. In many cities, the high cost of living has galvanized a generation of young renters who have started to form a “YIMBY Party” that wants more apartment construction, and often pits younger renters against older homeowners. Now, however, the pressure is starting to ease. Apartment developers have responded with a boom in new construction. In 2013, the number of people moving into and out of cities started to balance out for the first time since the recession, largely because those in their 30s and 40s resumed their march to the suburbs, according to Mr. Johnson’s research. Some research also shows that, while millennials seem to prefer cities in their youth, the draw of the suburbs is still strong. The counterargument is some version of “this time is different. ” And millennials do seem to embrace cities more than their boomer parents did. They have shown up in greater concentrations, they bike more and drive less, and they have lingered in cities longer  —   possibly because they are still building a house down payment, delaying children longer or forgoing parenthood entirely. For these reasons and others, Joe Cortright, director of the City Observatory, an urban think tank in Portland, Ore. is predicting that cities will continue to swell with young people coming in and older people staying longer. The decline in births between millennials and the generation after them  —   often called Generation Z  —   is more like a slight grade than a cliff, so even as millennials age there will be a new, though smaller, supply of    coming behind them, he said. Still, if there is an economic lesson that the Great Recession has stamped upon many millennials, it’s that there is often a big difference between what you want and what you can afford. So while some    millennials might have made a declaration that they would rather die than live in a suburb, their    selves might feel differently, especially when they realize that suburban housing is often cheaper and suburban public schools are often better. “You can have all the preferences you want, but you have to live somewhere and you have to have a budget,” said Svenja Gudell, chief economist at Zillow. “Those are the cold hard truths you have to live with. ”",0
1772,Monkeyball BTFO by The Walking Dead [NO SPOILERS],"Monkeyball is on the steep decline. 
People would rather watch a super-violent show about a masculine White man destroying his enemies. 
Deadline : 
Even after one of the bloodiest and darkest episodes in the AMC seriesâ history, The Walking Dead really does have something to celebrate about its Season 7 debut â and weâre not talking a fantasy sequence. With 17 million watching the October 23 premiere to discover who Negan would kill and 10.7 million among adults 18-49 for an 8.4 rating, the zombie apocalypse blockbuster had a very good night as the No. 1 show on broadcast and cable. 
How good? 
Well, TWD knocked the stuffing out of the often-dominating Sunday Night Football demo-wise this weekend , left the Season 3 debut of Big 4 heavy hitter Empire Season 3 in the dust, and solidly bested its own Season 6 premiere last year. Add to that, the show based on the Robert Kirkman comics basically matched its all-time series highs of the Season 5 opener of October 12, 2014 in both viewers and the demo. And, with maybe a slightly aging fanbase after all these years, pile on that the Season 7 opener set a series high among adults 25- 54 (10.5 million), making it clear that The Walking Dead is alive and kicking at this point deep into its run, when most other shows are DOA. 
NFL ratings are collapsing completely. 
Awful Announcing : 
The NFLâs downturn in ratings has been the dominant sports media storyline of the fall of 2016. And unfortunately for the league, itâs not getting any better, especially when it comes to the primetime windows. And while there are a number of factors at play in whatâs ailing the NFL right now, the quality of the primetime games isnât helping. 
In spite of featuring the gameâs most storied rivalry in Bears-Packers, Thursday Night Football was down 17% versus last year. The abysmal 6-6 tie between the Cardinals and Seahawks was unsurprisingly down 15% from last year, proving that not all close games are guaranteed to drive viewership. The Monday Night Football matchup between Houston and Denver was also uninspiring and down 13% from last year . 
Fox Sports exec Michael Mulvihill has been tweeting out numbers throughout the season and through seven weeks now, itâs obvious that Fox and CBS coverage on Sunday afternoons are being affected much less by the NFLâs ratings challenges than in primetime. With all three primetime windows dropping this week, TNF, SNF, and MNF are all down AT LEAST 18% in viewership from this time a year ago. 
This is a massive drop. 
Massive. 
Though the kike media is coming up with all sorts of excuses (you see the above quoted article blaming the quality of the games, lel – others are blaming the election ), none of them are looking at the most obvious thing that has changed in America over the last couple of years, and that is race relations. 
Sportball Americans AKA “The Blacks” have become insanely hostile toward the White population of this country, so it makes absolute sense that people are now less interested in watching these vicious apes throw balls at one another. Nigga ah be botta frow dis ball over der, dat oder nigga botta be catch dis ball, din he gunna run ober der. nigga nigga nigga fugg wite ppl muffugguh ah keel u nigga fu shii t. 
The Colin Kaepernick hate-protest against America itself – which many of his fellow apes have joined in – certainly isn’t helping the situation any. Yes, Mr. Grossman, please, please take it to the next level . I simply cannot express to you how much I want you to do exactly that. 
As I have always said, racial tension is good for the White movement. Polarization is always good for revolutionaries. Black Lives Matter is doing our work for us. When White people see Blacks rioting and attacking Whites, when they witness this hateful rage against them (for something they never did), it triggers an instinctive, tribalist reaction. 
Hence, collapsing monkeyball ratings. 
For their part, Jews are totally incapable of understanding the concept of “going too far.” As long as there is room to push it further, they will keep pushing it further, and they are oblivious to potential backlash. We see this with the sexual liberation. Some people would have chilled out once gay marriage was solidified, but they moved on to trannies and now they’re headed for pedophilia . 
Because we are the underdogs in this race war against the kikes, it is necessary to always understand and exploit their weaknesses. They biggest weakness is this incapacity to stop pushing everything as far as it can be pushed. This is why they were kicked out of over 100 European nations/territories, and why they will eventually be rounded-up and expelled from the United States of America. 
Look for rap music sales to drop next. You can take that prediction to the bank. 
The Walking Dead as Implicit Fascist Propaganda 
Okay, so nobody liked seeing Rick f that n last season. I get that. 
At the end of season 5, I was working on a very long essay about the show, and then ended up canning it because I knew there would be outrage over the season six sex act. 
But even with that element, The Walking Dead remains a type of implicit fascist propaganda, due to the themes themselves. It is almost like they have to include these multicultural elements in order to avoid open accusations of fascism. 
The setting is one of survivalism, during a zombie apocalypse, where the only way to survive and protect your people is to be ruthless. And the hero, who began the show as a bright-faced golden boy trying to help everyone is now an unrepentant mass-murderer, who will kill anyone who messes with his people. If you ignore the racial element, the show is utterly fascist, as it denies the concept that Jews have pushed in their media since they founded Hollywood that “the ends never justify the means” and unrepentantly shows its hero – a masculine blue-eyed White male – justifying the most violent of means to the end of protecting his people. 
This is, I believe, why the show has been so overwhelmingly popular. It touches the same longing for primal masculinity that Fight Club touched. It justifies the thing that all men, at the heart of their being, know to be true: that every aspect of the basic order of nature will ultimately be reduced to physical violence. 
This season opened with the enemy tribe engaging in extreme acts of physical violence against the heroes of the show ( so brutal that television watchdog groups are complaining ), and the only possible response to this is going to be physical violence. There will be no Jewy “overcoming adversity by being the better man.” Our hero Rick will hunt down and slaughter his enemies, and he will feel no guilt. Because this is the way you take care of your people: by destroying your enemies. 
There is also an implicit theme relating to immigration and Black revolt, with the zombies themselves representing the non-White hordes overrunning our countries. I have written about that before . Zombies in TWD Migrants in Slovenia 
Just for the record, I believe there is approximately zero chance that any of the shows creators are consciously promoting these themes (conversely, I have argued that the creator of Breaking Bad was probably at least partially aware that he was promoting fascist themes). However, though the show’s creator Robert Kirkman is probably something of a cuck, given that he has put all of this multiculturalism in the show (though there are no gays or trannies), he isn’t a Jew, meaning his Aryan racial soul is capable of expressing itself subconsciously. Robert Kirkman: definitely looks a bit cucky, I must say. 
You can also check the show’s Wikipedia page and see that there are apparently no Jews involved in production at all (I only see Jew names in the editors column, and only two of them) – which is something of a miracle just based on statistics, given the number of Jews that work in television. 
Anyway, maybe you hate the show, maybe you like it, maybe you don’t know anything at all about it. I personally watch it, as well as a few other popular shows (always while doing other things, usually answering email or commenting on the bbs – I ain’t got time to just sit around and watch shows, fam), because it’s important to me to understand what is going on with popular culture – TWD is the most popular of popular culture. And I have to say that I think that overall, this shows popularity among young White men says something very good about the current state of the collective unconscious of our people, in the same way that the dropping popularity of monkeyball says something good about the collective unconscious of our people.",0
1773,"Racist Note That Led to Protests, Cancelled Class at St. Olaf’s College Was ’Fabricated’ - Breitbart","Administrators at St. Olaf’s College revealed in an email that a racist note that led to a   series of protests on campus was “fabricated. ”[A racist note, that sparked   protest efforts by students at St. Olaf College in Northfield, Minnesota, was “fabricated,” according to administrators.  The note, which threatened a black female student and used an ethnic slur, was concocted as part of an   attempt at political activism. “This was not a genuine threat,” St. Olaf President David R. Anderson wrote on Wednesday to students. “We’re confident that there is no ongoing threat from this incident to individuals or the community as a whole. ” The note, Anderson added, was a “strategy to draw attention to concerns about the campus climate. ” Student Samantha Wells, who reported the incident, claimed on social media that she was aware that the note was “fabricated” at the time that she submitted the report. “So, it looks like something made its way back to me in the investigation,” Wells wrote. “I will be saying it was a hoax. I don’t care. There is nothing more that I can do. ” The note, which led to wide protests and chaos at St. Olaf’s College, was allegedly the most recent in a series of racial incidents at the university.   St. Olaf’s College did not respond to our request for comment in time for publication. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com",0
1774,"To Save Punk’s Soul, a Bonfire of Some of Its Vanities on the Thames - The New York Times","LONDON  —   Joe Corré, the son of Malcolm McLaren, the Sex Pistols manager who defined the band’s direction in its brief heyday in the late 1970s, set fire to what he claimed was £5 million (about $6. 25 million) worth of punk memorabilia aboard a boat on the Thames River here on Saturday. “Punk has become another marketing tool to sell you something you don’t need,” Mr. Corré said to a crowd of dozens gathered on the shore in London’s Chelsea district, as flames licked at a trunk of punk paraphernalia and fireworks shot from the boat into the late afternoon sky. “If you want to understand the potent values of punk, confront taboos. Do not tolerate hypocrisy. Investigate the truth for yourself. ” Mr. Corré, a household name in Britain, is known as the son of McLaren and the fashion designer Vivienne Westwood, and as a founder of the racy lingerie brand Agent Provocateur. He announced this spring that he would burn his personal punk collection to protest Punk London, a celebration of the genre, timed to the 40th anniversary of a 1976 Ramones concert in the city that is said to mark punk’s arrival in Britain. Saturday’s bonfire coincided with the anniversary of the release of the Sex Pistols’ single “Anarchy in the U. K.,” which put England’s seminal punk band on the map. The items set on fire included a pair of bondage trousers that had been   for Mr. Corré as a child rare posters live punk recordings and pants that had belonged to John Lydon, a. k. a. Johnny Rotten, the lead singer of the Sex Pistols, according to a news release sent by a publicist for Mr. Corré. Punk London, which includes exhibitions at venues like the British Library, has drawn protests from   fans, who lament the movement’s   by mainstream culture. Mr. Corré has called the series a betrayal of punk’s countercultural values and has claimed that Queen Elizabeth II endorses it. (The queen has issued no public statements on Punk London, and a spokeswoman for Buckingham Palace reached by phone said the palace had no comment on the events.) As the blaze died down on Saturday, Ms. Westwood, a   addition to the proceedings, poked her head out from a green   bus carrying some members of Mr. Corré’s crew. “By the end of this century, by 2100, there’ll only be one billion people left,” Ms. Westwood said to the crowd in a speech that argued that a   of bankers and politicians was driving climate change. “We’ll all be migrants, all trying to get to the green part. ” As a wailing fire truck arrived, Ms. Westwood urged the crowd to support green energy. “It’s the most important thing you could do in your life,” she said. “Let’s all have a laugh and stay alive. Bye,” she added, before disappearing into the bus. Saturday’s bonfire was heavily publicized by Mr. Corré, who earlier in the week in front of Buckingham Palace burned a   featuring an image of the queen. On Thursday, he held a news conference about the bonfire, and announced that his mother would attend. (He also noted there that 80 percent of the proceeds from a planned documentary about the event would go to charity.) A crowd of journalists, punks and   watched as the fire grew on Saturday, whooping when the first fireworks went off. In addition to the trunk of punk memorabilia, Mr. Corré incinerated several human effigies modeled on conservative politicians, like Boris Johnson, London’s former mayor and an advocate for Britain’s exit from the European Union, and the prime minister, Theresa May. A band on board the ship played   music as the bonfire burned. A few leather jackets and   heads bobbed about in the crowd gathered on the street, as did some more stereotypical Chelsea denizens: Early in the proceedings, a woman in a chic   coat, sun hat and heavy red lipstick emerged from a Bentley to watch the fire. After the bonfire, Mr. Corré returned to shore to speak with journalists. When one reporter noted that the entire event could be a hoax, as the press was not able to verify the value of the materials on board, Mr. Corré dismissed the comment with an expletive and said: “You’ve seen it, you’ve seen it. What are you talking about, a hoax?” An hour after the event began, the green bus pulled away, carrying Mr. Corré, Ms. Westwood and their coterie. Some photographers and visitors lingered. Bajowoo Park, 32, a South Korean designer who lives in Tokyo, stood looking out at the boat. He had heavy, ghoulish mascara around his eyes and wore a surgical mask with a hole ripped through the mouth. Mr. Park had flown to London just for the event, he said. He had learned about it on the internet and explained he was disappointed that the crowd was so small. He noted that he had expected deeper interest from a country considered one of punk’s homelands. “Not many people,” Mr. Park said. The “world is very big,” he added. “And punk started here. ”",0
1775,"BREAKING: Trump Jumps in FL, Takes 4 Point Lead in OH","BREAKING: Trump Set to Break 50-Year-Old Record With Black Voters 
A breakdown of that poll showed Trump with an advantage over Clinton among independent voters, a shift from the 2012 election in which President Barack Obama won the state by garnering more support from independents than GOP challenger Mitt Romney. 
In Ohio, a poll by Axiom Strategies and the Remington Research Group showed Trump leading Clinton by a score of 46-42. Advertisement - story continues below 
Again, Trump won out over Clinton among independent voters by a margin of 4 points and was showing significant support among voters in cities such as Cincinnati, Dayton and Toledo. Trump and Clinton were essentially tied in the cities of Youngstown, Cleveland and Columbus. 
Another surprise from the Ohio poll was the breakdown of support for the candidates by gender, which seemed to show that Clinton’s alleged massive lead among women has all but vanished, at least in the Buckeye State. 
Female respondents to the poll preferred Clinton to Trump by only 2 points, 45-43. Meanwhile, Trump continued to dominate among male voters, leading his opponent by 13 points, 51-38. 
Of course these numbers could still change over the course of the next two weeks, but far from showing the race to be essentially over already, they instead reveal that Trump has a pretty decent shot at winning two of the most important states when all the votes have been counted after Nov. 8. Advertisement - story continues below",0
1776,Hillary's Watergate?,"Here's something interesting from The Unz Review... Recipient Name Recipient Email => 
After posting Friday’s column, “A Presidency from Hell,” about the investigations a President Hillary Clinton would face, by afternoon it was clear I had understated the gravity of the situation. 
Networks exploded with news that FBI Director James Comey had informed Congress he was reopening the investigation into Clinton’s email scandal, which he had said in July had been concluded. 
“Bombshell” declared Carl Bernstein. The stock market tumbled. “October surprise!” came the cry. 
The only explanation, it seemed, was that the FBI had uncovered new information that could lead to a possible indictment of the former secretary of state, who by then could be the president of the United States. 
By Sunday, we knew the source of the eruption. 
Huma Abedin, Clinton’s top aide, sent thousands of emails to the private laptop she shared with husband Anthony Weiner, a.k.a. Carlos Danger, who is under FBI investigation for allegedly sexting with a 15-year-old girl. 
The Weiner-Abedin laptop contains 650,000 emails. 
The FBI has not yet reviewed Abedin’s emails, and they could turn out to be duplicates of those the FBI has already seen, benign, or not relevant to the investigation of Clinton. 
But it does appear that Abedin misled the FBI when she told them all communications devices containing State Department work product were turned over to State when she departed in 2013. 
Clinton, understandably, was stunned and outraged by Comey’s letter. For it casts a cloud of suspicion over her candidacy by raising the possibility that the FBI director could reverse his decision of July, and recommend her prosecution. 
By Monday, Oct. 31, new problems had arisen, some potentially crippling or possibly lethal to a Clinton presidency. 
Reporters have unearthed a near-mutiny inside the FBI over the decision to shut down the investigation of the Clinton email scandal and Comey’s recommendation of no prosecution. 
Andrew McCabe, No. 2 at the FBI, has come under anonymous fire from inside the bureau as one of those most reluctant to pursue aggressively any investigations of the Clintons. 
McCabe’s wife, in a 2015 state senate race in Virginia, received $475,000 in PAC contributions from Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a longtime friend and major fundraiser for Bill and Hillary Clinton. 
After the Senate race that McCabe’s wife lost, he was promoted from No. 3 at the FBI to No. 2, where he has far more influence over decisions to investigate and recommend prosecution. 
Justice Department higher-ups under Attorney General Loretta Lynch apparently disagreed with Comey notifying Congress, and the nation, to new developments in the email scandal. Yet Comey had given his word to Congress that he would do so. 
In the Southern District of New York, which has jurisdiction over the Weiner sexting investigation, FBI agents have reportedly been blocked from opening an investigation into charges of corruption in the Clinton Foundation. 
This follows revelations that corporate chiefs and foreign rulers and regimes, hit up for contributions to the Clinton Foundation, were then urged by an ex-Clinton aide to provide six-figure speaking fees for Bill Clinton. 
This follows reports the Clinton Foundation took contributions for victims of natural disasters, and awarded multimillion-dollar contracts to contributors to do the work. 
Still unanswered is what Bill Clinton and Attorney General Lynch discussed during that 30-minute meeting on the Phoenix tarmac, prior to the FBI and Justice Department decision not to indict Hillary Clinton. 
The stench of corruption is reaching Bhopal dimensions. 
What appears about to happen seems inevitable and predictable. 
If Hillary Clinton is elected, the email scandal, the pay-for-play scandal involving the Clinton Foundation, “Bill Clinton, Inc.,” the truthfulness of her testimony, and reports of Clinton-paid dirty tricksters engaging in brownshirt tactics at Trump rallies, are all going to be investigated more thoroughly by the FBI. 
And if Clinton is president, there is no way her Justice Department can investigate the Clinton scandals, any more than this city in the early 1970s would entrust an investigation into Watergate to the Nixon Justice Department. 
If Clinton wins this election, and Republicans hold onto one or both houses of Congress, investigations of the Clinton scandals will start soon after her inaugural and will go on for years. And the clamor for a special prosecutor, who will, as Archibald Cox did with Nixon, build a huge staff and spend years investigating, will become irresistible. 
Realizing that this is the near-certain fate and future of any Hillary Clinton presidency, and would be disastrous for the country, Sunday night, Doug Schoen, who worked for President Clinton for six years, said he has changed his mind and will not be voting for Hillary. 
Donald Trump says this is worse than Watergate. As of now, it is only potentially so. 
But if Hillary Clinton, this distrusted and disbelieved woman, does take the oath of office on Jan. 20, there is a real possibility that, like Nixon, down the road a year or two, she could be forced from office. 
Do we really want to go through this again? 
Patrick J. Buchanan is the author of the new book “The Greatest Comeback: How Richard Nixon Rose From Defeat to Create the New Majority.” 
Copyright 2016 Creators.com.",0
1777,"Politico Tries to Destroy Trump, But It Backfires IMMEDIATELY","You are here: Home / US / Politico Tries to Destroy Trump, But It Backfires IMMEDIATELY Politico Tries to Destroy Trump, But It Backfires IMMEDIATELY October 28, 2016 
Sometimes you want so desperately for something to be true, you print it in an article and dispense it for public viewing. 
Wait. That’s not a saying at all. Hmmm… 
Well, that is what Politico must think and that’s certainly what they did. 
You wonder why we can’t trust liberal news media … 
According to The Blaze : 
Politico ran a story Thursday night that suggested that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s “Trump Victory” fund had transferred no money to the Republican National Committee in the month of October. The actual truth is that Trump has transferred about $2.2 million so far this month, along with several hundred thousand dollars to various state committees. It is not clear what caused the error, but Politico’s site now reads: 
This story has been corrected. An earlier version said the RNC did not receive any money directly from Trump Victory. POLITICO regrets the error. 
Of course, even that “small” amount of money would seem shocking to Politico considering their candidate of choice flies around the world in a Boeing on charitable donations, kowtows to the wealthy for donations to the slush-fund, and only wears the finest of all pantsuits. 
Trump’s funds may be small because, unlike the Hillz, he is not a part of the political establishment. 
Although the donations are “anemic” this year, and come nowhere near the monstrous amount of dollars the Clintons are using to dupe Americans into standing with her, Donald Trump has a real chance at winning this election. 
Despite the attempts by the liberal media to silence real stories of Clinton corruption, despite the smoke and mirrors the Clinton campaign created to make Trump look like a monster, he’s still in the fight. 
Let’s take a lesson from Politico and continue to raise suspicions over liberal media sources. 
It is pretty bad that a press is so incredibly desperate to cast Trump in a poor light that they resort to flat out lies. 
Silly Politico , that’s what Hillary does!",0
1778,Swedish Professor: ’Anyone With Eyes’ Can See Migrants ’Fiercely Overrepresented’ in Criminal Cases,"Criminology Professor Leif GW Persson appeared on a Swedish television programme and backed up claims by   police officer Peter Springare that migrants are vastly overrepresented in criminal cases. [Professor Persson appeared alongside the policeman on an episode of “Weekly Crime” for the Swedish broadcaster SVT and they discussed the recent comments made by U. S. President Donald Trump about the high rate of crime among migrants in Sweden. Persson totally agreed with Springare who was recently slammed for expressing the fact that most of the criminal suspects he sees in his work are from other countries.  “There is a strong prevalence of criminal immigrants. It is so obvious when it comes to crimes of this nature. Very serious violent crimes,” Springare said. Persson agreed with him saying, “Yes, I have made the same observation,” and adding “anyone with eyes to see can know who is doing these kinds of actions. ” “  is a fact,” Persson said and noted how many of the migrant criminals come from countries like Iraq, Somalia, and Afghanistan, while a decade ago they were from Turkey and the Balkans. Both Persson and Springare pointed out the fact that talking about migrant crime in Sweden was a huge taboo, something host Camilla Kvartoft didn’t agree with. “It is a taboo. And it is noticeable now. This has been such an incredible spread widely. And I look at the letters and emails I get that a very large number of police who are involved in serious crimes verifies this data,” Springare said. Persson noted that people were “reluctant” to report migrant crime saying, “The tendency to talk about it decreases the higher up in the police rank you are. But this is no secret. This is a problem you can happily avoid talking about. But times change. ” He claimed the issue could have huge ramifications going into the next general election in 2018. After making his comments on Facebook Springare was investigated for inciting racial hatred for pointing out that the suspects in his cases were overwhelmingly from migrant backgrounds. After President Trump brought global attention to the problems Sweden has had as a result of mass migration Breitbart London published ten reasons why the multicultural experiment in Sweden is falling apart. While crime is a big factor, from deadly shootings to rapes at music festivals, mass migration has had a huge impact on the Swedish school system and has contributed to an already existing housing crisis.  Follow Chris Tomlinson on Twitter at @TomlinsonCJ or email at ctomlinson@breitbart. com,  ",0
1779,Re: Did Bret Baier just throw some serious shade at Melania Trump?,"— Colonel (@laurakfillault) October 27, 2016 
According to reports, Melania Trump will tackle online bullying if she becomes First Lady… Melania Trump says as First Lady she wants to teach people how to NOT be hurtful on social media. https://t.co/RxDUAnZUzo 
— Steve Kopack (@SteveKopack) October 27, 2016 
…which has Fox News’ Bret Baier throwing what sounds like some serious shade her way: The best ideas start at home… https://t.co/lDbQO20y58 
— Bret Baier (@BretBaier) October 27, 2016 
And people loved it!",0
1780,Obama to Leave the White House a Nerdier Place Than He Found It - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Obama has started initiatives to study the brain and   diseases. He has led attacks on the Ebola virus and antibiotic resistance. Last month, he wrote an academic article in a prominent medical journal. But the science event many in the White House remember most powerfully was the kid with the marshmallow cannon. “So would it, like, hit the wall up there?” Mr. Obama asked during the 2012 White House Science Fair when he came upon Joey Hudy, 14, standing before his homemade Extreme Marshmallow Cannon. “Yeah,” Joey answered. “Would it stick?” “I don’t know. ” “Let’s try it,” Mr. Obama said with glee. And so, for what may have been the first time since the British burned the house down in 1814, a   projectile hit the State Dining Room wall. The marshmallow did not stick. Mr. Obama has changed in many ways since winning the presidency. His hair is speckled with gray. He is more skeptical of military solutions to intractable foreign problems. His teenage daughters, he has said many times, no longer think he is cool. But another change that has received far less attention has been Mr. Obama’s embrace of science. He began an annual tradition of science fairs, arguing that if he celebrates the nation’s top athletes at the White House, he should do the same for the best young scientific talent. He often mentions the students he has met at the fairs, including Elana Simon, who at age 12 survived a rare form of liver cancer and before graduating high school helped discover its genetic cause. Mr. Obama’s presidential science advisory committee has been the most active in history, starting 34 studies of subjects as varied as advanced manufacturing and cybersecurity. Scientists on the committee said they worked so hard because Mr. Obama was deeply engaged in their work. “These are sophisticated people who don’t usually get overenthused,” said Ralph J. Cicerone, the president of the National Academy of Sciences from 2005 until this June. “But it’s happened again and again. ” Dan Pfeiffer, a former senior adviser to Mr. Obama, said that he once viewed Mr. Obama’s science advisory meetings as time that could have been better spent on more urgent priorities. “But the president really looked forward to those meetings, and he really came out of them energized,” Mr. Pfeiffer said. In a recent interview with Bloomberg Businessweek, Mr. Obama listed science as one of the few subjects he intended to pursue after the presidency. “The conversations I have with Silicon Valley and with venture capital pull together my interests in science and organization in a way I find really satisfying,” Mr. Obama said. Of the potential breakthroughs in genomic sequencing, “That’s just an example of something I can sit and listen and talk to folks for hours about,” he said. Mr. Obama has always loved science fiction  —   he was a “Star Trek” fan as a kid, and grew up reading comic books like “ . ” His favorite movie last year was “The Martian,” according to the White House. After Leonard Nimoy, the actor who made the character Spock famous in the original “Star Trek” series, died last year, Mr. Obama released a statement: “Long before being nerdy was cool, there was Leonard Nimoy. ” Mr. Obama described Spock with many of the same adjectives often used to describe Mr. Obama: “Cool, logical,   and levelheaded, the center of Star Trek’s optimistic, inclusive vision of humanity’s future. ” “I loved Spock,” Mr. Obama concluded. Mr. Obama’s reading lists are peppered with science and science fiction titles such as Elizabeth Kolbert’s “The Sixth Extinction,” Atul Gawande’s “Being Mortal” and Liu Cixin’s “The   Problem. ” But Mr. Obama’s grasp of real science before becoming president was sketchy. He once admitted to a room full of scientists to not doing “well enough in chemistry or physics to impress you much on those topics. ” And some scientists who met Mr. Obama before the presidency said they were not wowed by his grasp of their fields. “His views at the time were just sort of developing,” said Michael Oppenheimer, a professor of geosciences and international affairs at Princeton. But he was always enthusiastic, several top government scientists said. Within days of his election in 2008, Mr. Obama became enmeshed in selecting those who would serve on his science advisory board. “I was really surprised by the avidity of his interest,” said Dr. Harold Varmus, who was a chairman of the board in its early days and was the director of the National Institutes of Health during the Clinton administration. Dr. John P. Holdren, who recently became the   presidential science adviser in modern history, said that he went into his job thinking he would spend much of his time instructing Mr. Obama in the basics. But Dr. Holdren learned, he said, that Mr. Obama had read deeply in science, technology and innovation. “Very little of what I’ve done with him has been tutorial,” he said. In addition to Mr. Obama’s essay in The Journal of the American Medical Association about ways to improve his health care law, he sat for an interview with Popular Science that focused in part on whether he considers himself a “nerd. ” Researchers on the campus of the National Institutes of Health were abuzz for months after Mr. Obama’s visit there in December 2014, when he spoke extemporaneously about a lab he had just visited using such terms as “gel electrophoresis,” “microplate” and “multiparameter flow cytometer. ” The crowd gave a quiet science roar. “I’d seen his speech, so I knew his remarks were impromptu,” said Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. “Boom, he starts talking like a fundamental basic scientist, and he just blew everybody away. ” Mr. Obama has also impressed scientists by making one of his top priorities the fight against climate change, a contentious   issue. “He’s an academic, he’s one of us,” Dr. Varmus said. “He’s a rational, levelheaded guy who makes decisions based on the evidence. Now, that might actually be a deficiency as a politician. ”",0
1781,New Lawsuit Challenges Efforts To Stamp Out African-American Vote In NC,"Videos New Lawsuit Challenges Efforts To Stamp Out African-American Vote In NC North Carolina is 'ground zero in the intentional, surgical efforts by Republicans to suppress the voice of voters' | November 1, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! President Barack Obama casts his ballot during early voting at the Martin Luther King Jr. Community Center in Chicago, Ill., Oct. 25, 2012. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) 
With just over a week to go before Election Day , the North Carolina NAACP on Monday filed a lawsuit to stop what it describes as a Republican-led effort to snuff out the African-American vote. 
“This is our Selma and we will not back down and allow this suppression to continue,” said Rev. William Barber II, president of the organization. 
According to the civil rights organization, wrongful challenges to voters’ eligibility are happening in at least three counties—Beaufort, Moore, and Cumberland—and are disproportionately affecting African Americans. 
The suit (pdf) states that “a small number of individuals have recently challenged the registration of approximately 4,500 voters, based exclusively on mass mailings that were returned as undeliverable.” A press statement from the group says the challenges stem from “a coordinated campaign led by individuals with GOP ties.” Registration cancellations based on that alone is in violation of the National Voting Registration Act, the group says. 
The complaint, filed Monday in federal court in the Middle District of North Carolina, states, “in many cases, voters purged by Defendants still reside at the addresses where they are registered to vote, or have moved within the county and remain eligible to vote there.” 
The suit is asking for the wrongfully canceled voting registrations to be restored. 
Among the plaintiffs is James Edward Arthur Sr., who’s lived in Beaufort County his entire life. He is African American and has been a registered voter for five years. He was among the over 130 voters in that county to have his registration cancelled based on the challenge of an undeliverable mass mailing—even though he moved within the county. 
“I did not receive notice from the State or Beaufort County that my voter registration had been challenged, or that a hearing had been set to determine whether I would remain on the State’s list of eligible voters,” he said, referring to the procedure that election officials must follow when a challenge has been made. 
“If I knew my right to vote was in jeopardy, I would do whatever I could to protect it. I want and plan to vote in the upcoming election, but I am concerned that since my registration has been canceled I will not be able to cast a ballot or it will not be counted,” he added. 
Another plaintiff is James L. Cox, also African American and another lifelong resident of Beaufort County. His voting eligibility was also part of the en masse challenges—even though he currently resides at the address on his voting records. 
The suit—filed months after a federal appeals court said the state’s voter ID law was created “with discriminatory intent”—says that though African Americans make up less than 26 percent of the county’s residents, they account for over 65 percent of the challenges. 
“The Tar Heel state is ground zero in the intentional, surgical efforts by Republicans to suppress the voice of voters,” Barber added. “We’re taking this emergency step to make sure not a single voters’ voice is unlawfully taken away.” 
The suit also comes as voters in the state take part in “the Souls to the Polls” initiative . 
Montica Taulmidge, a former organizer in Raleigh, told CBS it’s “an opportunity for people to come with their congregations right after church and to vote as a community of faith.” 
“Our communities of faith are super important to us so being a part of a church family,” she said, “and saying we are going to be civically minded, we are going to be civically active and engage in this process, is a huge deal for a lot of people.” This work by Common Dreams is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike International License.",0
1782,"Sarah Jessica Parker, Leaving Carrie Behind With HBO’s ‘Divorce’ - The New York Times","Sarah Jessica Parker was waiting for a menu at a restaurant in    a Westchester County suburb of New York, when a   man in a polo shirt and shorts showed up at her table. “I’m out of your face right after this little note I made for you  —   check it out,” he said. He handed her a small folded piece of paper and waited as Ms. Parker read it. “Aw,” she said, and smiled. “Thank you! Thank you, Michael!” On “Sex and the City,” Ms. Parker famously played Carrie Bradshaw, an    serially dating and hotly pursuing ideal love. Perhaps because of that, Michael took the opportunity to launch into tales of his own love life,    : the girlfriend who recently dumped him, the new girl who might really be something. “You’re cute as a button,” his note read. In spite of Ms. Parker’s age (51) her 19 years of marriage to Matthew Broderick, and her three children, her public image remains closely bound up with that of Carrie, a symbol of youthful possibility, forever available, forever adorable. On Oct. 9, 12 years after the series went off the air, Ms. Parker is returning to HBO with a show whose very title  —   “Divorce”  —   suggests the bitter culmination of all that sex in the city. She plays Frances, a kind of   someone long married, living (brace yourself) in the suburbs, and working as a corporate recruiter, her arty dreams subsumed by financial necessity. Her husband  —   though not for much longer  —   is Robert (Thomas Haden Church) a real estate entrepreneur down on his luck. Frances is far from a   romantic: She has cheated on her husband she is a narcissistic oversharer, a   accuser, a   manipulator. She is also, as played by Ms. Parker, deeply real and somehow appealing. “I’m still getting to know her,” Ms. Parker said. She was quick to clarify that she is no more Frances than she ever was Carrie (she and Mr. Broderick married about a week before she shot the pilot). But “Divorce,” at turns moody and comic, does cover material that is meaningful to Ms. Parker, who is an executive producer of the series. For some years, she has wanted to do a show about   relationships, a natural outgrowth, she said, of countless conversations she has had with friends who, like her, are in early middle age, a time when it’s common for people to grapple with the choices they have made, in relationships as much as anything else. The show reflects, she said, a “certain introspection and reckoning” that is inevitable after some 15 or 20 years of marriage. “It’s a really specific point in a person’s life, right now, for my generation,” said Ms. Parker. “It’s when you start to think about relationships, the time spent, what came of it  —   and what do you do with where you find yourself now?” AFTER “SEX AND THE CITY,” Ms. Parker did not look very hard for her next big role when people asked about another television series, “I used to say never,” she told Alec Baldwin on his podcast, “Here’s the Thing. ” The schedule is demanding for someone raising three children (her twins, Marion and Tabitha, are now 7, and her son, James Wilkie, is 13) and she never found a show that intrigued her enough to make the family sacrifice worthwhile. “When you’re at a point in your life where you can make choices, you can make a choice to say no,” she said. ”It’s kind of nice. ” She made two “Sex and the City” movies, to decidedly mixed reviews, and was nominated for a Golden Globe for her role in “The Family Stone. ” Following that, one of her movies had critical success but small audiences (“Smart People,” 2008) while others had less favorable reviews and even smaller audiences (see “Spinning Into Butter,” 2007). Her reputation as a beloved star never flagged, but neither did she ever land on a role so strong that it put Carrie to bed for good. “It is hard to find material you really love, particularly when you’ve been so successful,” Mr. Broderick said. “It feels like a lot of pressure. ” Ms. Parker spent much of her energy in recent years leveraging her brand in the service of high culture (she is vice chair of the New York City Ballet) and her own businesses  —   a fragrance line and the SJP shoe collection, which she introduced in 2014 and is carried by   department stores. All along, she developed television and film ideas as a producer, including, for some time, a show called “Into the Fire,” which HBO passed on. It featured a   host who quits her job, blows up her career and has an affair with the father of one of her children’s classmates. In some of its details, “Into the Fire” sounds like “Girlfriends’ Guide to Divorce,” which has been renewed for a third season on Bravo, one of a number of television shows in recent years that have featured women in their late 40s or early 50s reinventing their love lives: On “Nashville,” Rayna, played by Connie Britton, ends her marriage and enjoys a succession of suitors on “The Affair,” Helen (Maura Tierney) is betrayed by her cheating husband but goes on to have flings of her own. “I want to save my life while I still care about it,” Frances tells Robert, trying to explain why she wants a divorce it’s as if some sense of imminently fading possibility propels Frances into new romance. HBO suggested that Ms. Parker meet with Sharon Horgan, the producer and   of Amazon’s “Catastrophe,” who ultimately wrote the pilot of “Divorce. ” The resulting project appealed to Ms. Parker both for its darkness and for its    milieu. “So often when you see divorce in cinema or on television, it’s like  —   ‘War of the Roses’! Rich people fighting!” she said. “I wanted to tell a different story, one that I haven’t really seen on television. ” The bar was “quite high” for Ms. Parker’s return, said Richard Plepler, HBO’s chief executive, who felt this show reached that standard. “It’s not a Hollywoodization of divorce,” he said, “but a very authentic one, something she could sink her teeth into creatively and artistically. ” Both Mr. Plepler and Ms. Parker mentioned the influence of “An Unmarried Woman,” the 1978 Jill Clayburgh film that offered an unflinching look at how a flawed but charming wife handles being unexpectedly single after her husband walks out. Ms. Parker was comfortable with embracing her own character’s flaws, said Paul Simms, the showrunner of “Divorce. ” “I was a little surprised and pleased that she was willing to not worry about being necessarily likable,” he said. “Even though she ultimately is quite likable. ” Though Ms. Parker spoke of the characters in “Divorce” as middle class, it might be more accurate to say they are upper middle class in appearance, middle class in disposable income they look like a couple with fancy educations, now tenuously maintaining a gimcrack normalcy   with the help of revolving credit lines and some    turns of luck. If Mr. Big, Carrie’s beloved, represented one ’90s male icon, the finance type, Robert, with his debt and pickup truck, represents a very current countertype, a disempowered white guy baffled to find things are no longer going his way. It only slowly dawned on Ms. Parker, she said, that HBO was expecting her to play the lead in whatever show she developed about marriage midlife. She might not have felt ready to take it on, she said, were it not for the experience she had in 2013 with “The Commons of Pensacola,” a play by Amanda Peet that Ms. Parker starred in, alongside Blythe Danner. “Theater demands a very specific kind of wonderful exhaustion,” said Ms. Parker, “which really reminded me of all I still wanted to do  —   and how much I missed the feeling of not getting it, of being lost, and working in such a concentrated way. I really fell in love with acting again. ” IN CONVERSATION, Ms. Parker has a big, rewarding laugh, and a habit of turning the question on the interviewer. “I’m a very curious person,” she said. “When I was younger, my stepfather was always telling me to stop staring at people. ” She is also a stylish writer, a talent that shows up in her emails, which are carefully crafted and sprinkled with fanciful touches. “Let me know our meeting place,” she wrote, after it was settled that we would head to    where “Divorce” is set, on a train leaving from Grand Central Terminal. “It’s romantic to meet at the clock. ” One morning, she arrived at the clock, perfectly prompt, dressed in   chunky sandals and an     sundress (“Vintage,” she said, “I probably paid $29 for it. ”) As she walked through the terminal, she moved quickly, accustomed to people stopping in their tracks, stupefied, as they recognized her. When someone tried to approach her to talk, she had a warm but effective response at the ready: “I’m so sorry, I wish I could, thank you so much, I have to catch my train!” She offered a big smile, a girlish wave, direct eye contact, somehow meeting the energy of the fan with enthusiasm of her own. From a distance, to a tourist, she might have seemed a holographic conjuring, an icon of    New York there to enhance the iconic New York setting. For Ms. Parker, Grand Central Terminal evokes her ’  childhood, days when her own family of eight children  —   then not financially stable enough to call itself middle class  —   briefly lived in Dobbs Ferry, which neighbors   . “My older brother and I would come in, alone, for auditions,” she said. That was when she was 12 at 13, she played Annie on Broadway. Soon after that, she became the beloved soul sister of   high school girls everywhere, playing the brainy,     Patty on CBS’s   “Square Pegs. ” “For me, doing it was a priceless experience,” Ms. Parker, all of 18, said in an interview shortly after the series ended. “But television isn’t what I want. Theater and film are. ” She could not have known then how much cultural currency television would come to have  —   or how big a role she herself would play in establishing its ascendancy. With that influence came celebrity and the kind of public scrutiny that stings, especially for a parent paparazzi and tabloid reporters are often camped outside her family’s Lower Manhattan home. There have also long been tabloid rumors about the demise of her marriage, which might make the choice of a show called “Divorce” seem revealing, as if it were some subconscious confirmation of her preoccupations. That the public might think that, Ms. Parker said, suggests a misunderstanding of what really motivates her as an actor. “When people ask about the ways in which I relate to Frances, I usually say, ‘I look like her, but that’s it,’” she said. “It’s a funny thing to ask, because all you want to do as an actor is be someone else. ” Why, she added, “would you ever want to play someone like you?” Ms. Parker sounded genuinely bewildered by the persistence of tabloid interest in her marriage. “I guess it’s because we just   …     keep staying married,” she said. “Maybe that annoys them?” Mr. Broderick, she said, is “still the person I want to experience things with, I want to do new things with. ” It may be a sign of the health of their current relationship that neither party feels the need to portray it as any more perfect than most that have weathered three children, two big careers and nearly two decades. Ms. Parker described marriage as a series of choices  —   choosing to stay, choosing to find patience in it. “It’s saying, I’m going to try not to roll my eyes,” she said. “It’s thinking about the delight in something that’s delightful to him, but that may or may not be to you. ” Asked what Ms. Parker might enjoy about playing Frances, Mr. Broderick thought for a moment. “She gets to be pissed off at her husband, which I think would be fun for her,” he deadpanned. But his protectiveness of Ms. Parker, as she prepared for her show’s debut, was evident. “I’m always nervous,” he said. “It’s like watching your child walk onto the playground. You want them to be treated well. And when they’re not, it’s horrible to watch. ” Ms. Parker seems to relish the gap between the show’s plot and her own reality, the way she can experience the aftershocks of a dissolution from a safe creative distance. “Frances was never single with children, never single with a mortgage  —   so I think all that’s going to be really interesting,” she said, already musing about a second season. “How much does she want to date? How much does she really want to take her clothes off with someone?” Ms. Parker slapped her hand against her chest. “Can you imagine? I’d be like  —   no, we are just going to be companions. I’d be horrified!” IT WOULD HAVE BEEN an easier path, in some ways, for Ms. Parker to skip all the exposure and time constraints that come with a new show, to ride out the duration of her career nurturing her brand (and businesses) in the safe, bright afterglow of Carrie. “What do you do after you’ve created one of the cultural landmarks of your time  —   how do you follow it up?” said the actor John Benjamin Hickey, a close friend. “If she had stopped, I would have been like, yeah, I get it. But I think she has a hunger as an artist to challenge herself, and to explore a kind of complicated darkness. Her interest in the subject matter isn’t tabloidy  —   it’s existential. ” Over lunch, Ms. Parker confessed that she was somewhat terrified about the show’s premiere, partly for fear that her fans might be expecting something the show was not  —   that they would judge it not by its own merits, but by how closely it inspired the same giddy pleasures that her previous work has. “This is not Carrie in the suburbs, Carrie the commuter,” she said. “And I kind of want to get ahead of that, so that there is not this giant heave of disappointment when people find the show is not   …     that same buoyant kind of thing. ” Ms. Parker knows that she played Carrie for so long that many fans came to assume that the character simply was her  —   that there was no effort involved in inhabiting her so fully. “But it was definitely acting,” she said. “I never lived any of those experiences in my own life. I’m not Carrie. Sometimes I feel that if I’d done my job well with ‘Divorce,’ it will be a reminder that, yes, she’s an actor. But maybe people will start to think I’m like Frances. And then I’ll have to explain how different Sarah and Frances are. ” She brightened at the thought.",0
1783,He Caught His Daughter Lying Bare Naked Next To a Stranger,"posted by Eddie I believe that if we could calculate the strongest emotion of love for people or things, it would be the one for our kids. I cannot imagine what would be my reaction if I caught my 17 years old daughter lying next to a stranger. This Russian dad shared his reaction on Reddit, and what he did will make you love him! A RUSSIAN FATHER SHARED THIS ON REDDIT (english not my native language please be kind): “One morning I came down the stairs, seeing this exact scene my 17 year old with a young man asleep after what must have been a night of ‘hard labour’ I very quietly made breakfast, went back upstairs and told my wife, son and other (youngest) daughter to be very quiet because people where still asleep our dinner table is on the other side of the room, about 20 feet from the couch but right in front of it. We all sat down and I yelled “YOUNG MAN” never ever I’ve seen someone wake up and move from horizontal to vertical that fast “breakfast is ready!” I said with a tone as if I gladly would suck his soul out of his body. Through his left ear I pulled out the chair beside me “sit!” my family silent staring at their plates not even twitching. It must have been the hardest 20 feet for a but naked youngster to cross trying to hide his, I must say, rather impressive morning wood my youngest daughter looking in awe at said piece of wood , as did my wife after he put on his clothes, which lay beside the dinner table, he sat down my son (6.4′) patted him on the shoulder looked him in the eyes, sighed and shook his head by now he was really, really nervous you could almost smell it in my best Russian accent: “my friend, I’m going ask you a question the answer you give is very important….for you…” at this point he was sweating “do you like cats?” He was a very likeable and friendly guy clearly uneducated but not dumb there was something odd about him my daughter assured me he was a very nice and attentive guy she knew him for about a month by then he came by every day since that morning never stayed over at night though every morning he came to pick her up for school on his bicycle, brought her home after, made sure she did her homework looked after her when she was sick and we were at work he took care invested time end effort he had the patience of an angel when she had one of her terrible moods. He said he had no family, no education, no steady job she adores him he adores her who am I to prevent her from learning from her own mistakes. After this had been going on for about 8 months my son came to me he had been asking around about him turns out the guy was homeless his abusive father killed himself his mother, a crack whore took of 3 weeks after that they lived in a rented trailer (yes white trailer trash) he was 15 then and survived for 3 year on the streets sleeping in parks, at the salvation army, with “friends”, cheap ass hotels. working construction jobs now and then when my daughter met him on her riding school, shoveling shit. he’s a good looking guy and, well, you know…17 year old female…raging hormones….now. There I was I knew a young man 18 or 19 years old. who was polite, who comes in smiling who leaves smiling who cares who helps, no need to ask who makes my child happy a kid who had never had a chance to be a kid a mainly absent manic depressive suicidal as a dad a crack whore as a mum sometimes fed by neighbours mostly going hungry. Sometimes when he does not come over because he has a job we miss him they are not buddies but my son gets along with him very well my youngest daughter trusts him unconditionally and my wife’s motherly instinct seems to have expanded and me? I sometimes worry for him I want him to be happy. I told my wife and youngest what I learned about him they cried I had a hard time telling. I was disappointed in my oldest daughter she knew she should have told us she loves him and lets him leave every night to go….were???? (heartless bitch) the next day I gave him a key of our house I told him I expected him home every night home in the next weeks we fixed our spare room and took him shopping for furniture he was quite good in making things he wanted to be his own boss, he liked building things we saw to it that he got an education which enabled him to do just that that was in 2000 now 15 years later my found son and my daughter have thriving business they gave use 3 beautiful grandchildren last year twins 1 girl, 1 boy” True experience of a Russia Father",0
1784,Clinton campaign declines to support Dakota pipeline protesters,"SHARES Hillary Clinton’s silence on the Dakota Access Pipeline has not gone unnoticed. On Thursday morning, young water protectors from Oceti Sakowin, the Seven Council Fires, and the Standing Rock Sioux Nation traveled to the Democratic presidential nominee’s campaign headquarters in Brooklyn, New York, demanding that she speak out against the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL). The Hillary Clinton campaign has thus far remained silent about the 1,172-mile pipeline , which would cross both the Missouri River and the Ogallala Aquifer, threatening sacred indigenous land and water supplies. The group also called for solidarity actions at Clinton campaign offices across the country. “We are coming directly to Hillary at her headquarters because as the future president, she is going to have to work for us, and we want her to uphold the treaties and her promise to protect unci maka (Mother Earth),” said 19-year-old Gracey Claymore. Garret Hairychin, 23, echoed Claymore’s concerns. “As a young person I want to know what the next four years are going to entail. Is Hillary going to be focused on protecting our land? I want to know if my younger family is going to be safe. Our present situation is in dire need of a leader that still remembers that our kids are here,” Hairychin said. “We want to protect the future for the young ones that come after us. I’m here to support my family.” The youth delegation took over the lobby of the campaign HQ with a full-size tipi to deliver their message to Clinton. Despite the size and energy of the demonstration, Clinton campaign staffers refused to even accept the letter indigenous protesters had for the former Secretary of State. 
WATCH: Anti-Dakota Access pipeline protesters marching to Clinton campaign headquarters in Brooklyn to demand that she… 
Posted by NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt on Thursday, October 27, 2016 The delegation included four of the Oceti Sakowin youth runners, a group of young people who ran over 1,600 miles from North Dakota to Washington, DC earlier this year to pray for the water, raise awareness, and deliver 140,000 petition signatures to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. One of the runners, 18-year-old Adam Palaniuk Killsalive, said those thousands of miles should mean something. “We are here to tell Hillary how badly we need to protect the water. We didn’t come all the way to New York for nothing. We didn’t run all the way to Omaha or DC for nothing,” Killsalive said. “We want to ask Hillary if she wants to see her great-grandkids line up for water rations.” A large and growing community led by indigenous groups has come together in rejecting the DAPL, with thousands gathering at a series of encampments on the lands of the Standing Rock Sioux to resist the pipeline’s construction. Hundreds of peaceful protectors, including children, have been pepper sprayed, attacked by dogs, and arrested by private security forces and state law enforcement. American Indians from over 300 tribes have joined in solidarity, as have 21 city and county governments. Clinton’s silence grows increasingly conspicuous as more and more of her peers speak out against the project. Senator Bernie Sanders (I-Vermont), former Vice President Al Gore , and U.S. Representative Raul Grijalva (D-Arizona) have all condemned the DAPL and called for an end to its construction. Lilian Molina, a spokesperson for Greenpeace, agreed that the total silence from both Hillary Clinton and GOP nominee Donald Trump is a major cause for concern. “Silence is not acceptable. Waiting is not acceptable,” Molina said. “We are grateful for the young people who have traveled so far to say enough is enough. If you claim to be a climate champion, that means respecting Indigenous sovereignty, rejecting new pipelines, and keeping dangerous fossil fuels in the ground.” 16-year-old William Brownotter, another member of the youth delegation, pointed out that the DAPL isn’t just a new threat, but a continuation of centuries of disenfranchisement and theft from Native Americans. “We made treaties and agreements. A violation of a native treaty is a violation of federal law,” said Brownotter. “By refusing to stand against DAPL, Hillary is putting our environment, wildlife, culture, and land at risk.” The DAPL, which would cross unceded Indigenous territory, is a direct violation of the sovereign rights and culture of the Standing Rock Sioux. The fast-track process of approval disregarded key U.S. legislation, including the Clean Water Act, the National Environmental Policy Act, and the National Historic Preservation Act. No proper environmental impact study was performed , and no consultation was sought from the indigenous community. In a letter presented to Clinton , water protectors wrote that as the possible next president, it’s on the former Secretary of State to stop the pipeline and protect valuable natural resources. “As we look into the coming days and months, we are prepared to continue to stand for the rights of our people and Mother Earth. As President Obama rejected the Keystone XL Pipeline, we urge the new President to be a leader and continue standing up for what is right by rejecting the Dakota Access Pipeline,” The letter states. “The First 100 Days is a significant time for you to set the stage – are you with us? “ 
While water protectors protested at the Clinton campaign headquarters, militarized police moved in on the Standing Rock camp, deploying sonic weapons, destroying prayer tents, and arresting observers in an effort to force water protectors off the land. As of this writing, Hillary Clinton has not made any statements against the Dakota Access Pipeline. 

Zach Cartwright is an activist and author from Richmond, Virginia. He enjoys writing about politics, government, and the media. Send him an email at [email protected] , and follow his work on the Public Banking Institute blog . 3463 ",0
1785,10 Police Officers Killed in Ambush by Militants in Afghanistan - The New York Times,"KABUL, Afghanistan  —   At least 10 police officers and the wife of a police commander were killed in an ambush by Islamic State militants in the northern province of Zawzjan, a provincial official said on Saturday. Mohammad Reza Ghafori, a spokesman for the Zawzjan provincial governor, said that the police officers were ambushed Friday as they left a mosque. The wife of the police commander heard about her husband being shot and rushed to the scene, where she was also killed. Militants linked to the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, have been active in Afghanistan’s eastern regions, but have recently begun operating in the north of the country as well. The Interior Ministry said in a statement that around 38 militants, including 23 Islamic State fighters, were killed in separate operations conducted by Afghan security forces in the eastern and southern regions of the country over the past two days. Eight other militants were wounded and six were arrested in the operations, which were conducted in districts across the Nangarhar and Helmand provinces, the statement added. In Laghman Province, in the east, two students were killed when a mortar shell struck a school classroom, a news release from the Education Ministry said. The statement said that five other students were wounded inside the classroom in Mihterlam, the province’s capital. There were unconfirmed reports that the mortar was fired by Afghan security forces and missed its target and hit the school. The report could not immediately be verified by provincial or government officials.",0
1786,"Dear Hillary Supporters, Own Your Terrible Candidate","Despite the establishment media’s hopes and repeated claims that it could never happen, Donald Trump is the president-elect of the United States of America. Now liberal pundits are scrambling to explain how the hell it happened. Isn’t this country changing demographically? Didn’t Donald Trump disqualify himself with his racist and sexist statements? What about the nuclear codes? 
Well, Donald Trump had one thing in his favor: he ran against one of the most unpopular and despised presidential candidates in American history, Hillary Rodham Clinton. Combine the electorate’s Clinton antipathy with a risky but targeted strategy to flip the Rust Belt and it’s not so hard to understand why Donald Trump, a man with no experience in government, will be sitting in the oval office come late January.
The usual suspects have had no luck in crafting a convincing narrative that doesn’t make them look like idiots. Joan Walsh of The Nation, a shameless hack for Hillary, wrote a sardonic piece wherein she played the victim and defended Clinton’s candidacy, saying, “she had more of a message than her lefty haters give her credit for.”
Actually, no, not really. Clinton ran the definition of a negative campaign and what little of a progressive message she presented was copy and pasted from Senator Bernie Sanders’ campaign and extremely unconvincing given her neoliberal record. Clinton had trust issues from the beginning, which were only exacerbated by her extremely dishonest attacks on Sanders and equally dishonest revisionism of her own herstory. 
Jamelle Bouie, whose biggest claim to fame is saying Trump could not win, offers another equally moronic analysis of Trump voters, claiming anyone who voted for Trump is a racist and deserves no empathy. Yes, African-Americans, Asians, and non-white Hispanics voted for Trump, but according to Bouie they apparently hate themselves.
Bouie is reliably wrong, so expect him to fail up in pundit world. But his blame the voter strategy parallels that of bourgeoisie feminists, who claim women who voted for Trump (or even just did not for Clinton) did so because they have “internalized misogyny.” Jess McIntosh, the former communications director for the Clinton campaign, made that explicit claim in an interview with DNC-friendly MSNBC. 
So, to recap, anyone who did not vote for Hillary Clinton this cycle hates minorities and women (including minorities and women).
Well, allow me to retort. Hillary Clinton lost the election because she was a terrible candidate. Nobody likes or trusts her (yes, elections actually are popularity contests) and her neoliberal domestic policies and neoconservative foreign policies turned people off because they are genuinely bad. Clinton represented the establishment in a change election, something she was happy to do. She even openly courted Republicans hoping her “temperament” talking point would make partisan Republicans vote for one of the most hated Democrats in history. It didn’t work.
Clinton also refused to talk about class and only seriously brought up racism to label Trump supporters as racist “deplorables” and “irredeemable.” Which, beyond excessively judgmental, was just stupid politics as many of those people live in the god damn Rust Belt. Way to ensure they voted Hillary! If Clinton is so smart, why is she so stupid? Riddle me that.
Now, thank the lord, we as a country are going to move on from the Clinton crime family. The Democratic Party needs a major overhaul, which it will have plenty of time to focus on as it is now out of power in the House, Senate, and White House. Great job, Team Hillary.
But first, how about the Hillary Clinton supporters stop blaming everyone else for their terrible candidate? Democrats had a populist who did well in the Rust Belt, Clinton supporters did everything they could to destroy him. This election is on them.
The post Dear Hillary Supporters, Own Your Terrible Candidate appeared first on Shadowproof .
",0
1787,‘Sunk Costs’: $58 Billion Wasted On Imaginary Weapons Since 1997,"Get short URL 0 13 0 0 A new government report released this week states that the Pentagon spent at least $58 billion over the last 20 years on weapons systems that not only were never built, but often never made it past the design phase. 
The report, released by the Undersecretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics, Frank Kendall, is an internal review of the Defense Department’s acquisition activities, and contains a chart of 23 pricey projects that received billions in initial funding but were later canceled. The report shows this happening as far back as 1997. © REUTERS/ Master Sgt. Kevin J. Gruenwald Pentagon Prepares to Start Raqqa Offensive Within Weeks 
The Army’s Future Combat System was one of the most expensive of the doomed military-money pits, costing over $20 billion, with the RAH-66 Comanche attack and reconnaissance helicopter second with a $9.8 billion price tag before operations were ceased. Taken together these two programs account for 50 percent of what was deemed “sunk costs,” according to the Washington Examiner. The $3.7-billion National Polar-orbiting Operational Environmental Satellite System, the $2.7-billion Lockheed Martin VH-71 helicopter, and the $2.5-billion JLENS air-defense blimp are a few of the other pricey and failed ventures detailed in the report. 
Out of 23 projects, eight were able to spend all of their allocated money before the plug was pulled. ...",0
1788,Constitutional Law Expert: Comey Did NOT Violate Law By Announcing Email Investigation,"Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid alleges that FBI Director Comey has violated the law by announcing the re-opened investigation into Clinton emails so close to the presidential election. 
Is he right? 
One of the top constitutional law experts in the United States (and a liberal), Professor Jonathan Turley, says no : 
[Reid’s] allegation is in my view wildly misplaced. Reid is arguing that the actions of FBI Director James B. Comey violates the Hatch Act . I cannot see a plausible, let alone compelling, basis for such a charge against Comey. 
In his letter to Comey, Reid raised the the Hatch Act, which prohibits partisan politicking by government employees. 
5 U.S.C. § 7323(a)(1) prohibits a government employee from “us[ing] his official authority or influence for the purpose of interfering with or affecting the result of an election.” 
Reid argued: 
“Your actions in recent months have demonstrated a disturbing double standard for the treatment of sensitive information, with what appears to be a clear intent to aid one political party over another. I am writing to inform you that my office has determined that these actions may violate the Hatch Act, which bars FBI officials from using their official authority to influence an election. Through your partisan actions, you may have broken the law.” 
The reference to “months” is curious. Comey has kept Congress informed in compliance with oversight functions of the congressional committees but has been circumspect in the extent of such disclosures. It is troubling to see Democrats (who historically favor both transparency and checks on executive powers) argue against such disclosure and cooperation with oversight committees. More importantly, the Hatch Act is simply a dog that will not hunt. 
Richard W. Painter, a law professor at the University of Minnesota and the chief ethics lawyer in the George W. Bush White House from 2005 to 2007, has filed a Hatch Act complaint against Comey with the federal Office of Special Counsel and Office of Government Ethics. He argues that “We cannot allow F.B.I. or Justice Department officials to unnecessarily publicize pending investigations concerning candidates of either party while an election is underway.” 
However, Comey was between the horns of a dilemma. He could be accused of acts of commission in making the disclosure or omission in withholding the disclosure in an election year. Quite frankly, I found Painter’s justification for his filing remarkably speculative. He admits that he has no evidence to suggest that Comey wants to influence the election or favors either candidate . Intent is key under the Hatch investigations. You can disagree with the timing of Comey’s disclosure, but that is not a matter for the Hatch Act or even an ethical charge in my view. 
Congress passed the Hatch Act in response to scandals during the 1938 congressional elections and intended the Act to bar federal employees from using “[their] official authority or influence for the purpose of interfering with or affecting the result of an election.” Comey is not doing that in communicating with Congress on a matter of oversight. 
Such violations under the Hatch Act, even if proven, are not criminal matters . The Office of Special Counsel -can investigate such matters and seek discipline — a matter than can ultimately go before the Merit Systems Protection Board. 
CNN confirms : 
violators aren’t going to jail: the Hatch Act is not a criminal statute. Instead, it is an administrative constraint on government employees. The law is enforced by a special independent federal agency — the Office of Special Counsel — which is charged with investigating complaint allegations and, where found to be meritorious, either pursuing a settlement with the offending employee or prosecuting their case before the federal agency that oversees internal employment disputes — the Merit Systems Protection Board. And for presidential appointees like Comey, the Office of Special Counsel submits a report of its findings along with the employee’s response to the President , who makes a decision on whether discipline is warranted . 
*** 
The Hatch Act provision most commonly invoked in discussions of Comey’s letter is 5 U.S.C. § 7323(a)(1), which prohibits a government employee from “us[ing] his official authority or influence for the purpose of interfering with or affecting the result of an election.” 
The key text is the emphasized phrase — which conditions a violation of the statute on whether the employee’s purpose was to interfere with or affect the result of an election. Thus, the Hatch Act does not focus on the effect of the employee’s conduct, but the intent. To that end, if Comey did not intend to interfere with or affect the upcoming election through his letter to Congress, then he did not violate the letter of the Hatch Act.",0
1789,Trump’s Next Battle: Keeping These Republican Senators Happy - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   While much of the attention in Washington is on who will fill the Trump cabinet, it is already clear who some of the most important people will be when it comes to fulfilling the Trump agenda. One group will be particularly well positioned to either accommodate or infuriate Donald J. Trump: a handful of   Republican senators who have shown a willingness to break with the   and have readily split with their own party on issues in the past. Given the narrower divide in the Senate after the election, these senators must be kept on board if Mr. Trump and the Republican majorities in the House and the Senate want to advance legislation and nominations in the face of Democratic opposition. Some are already making known their readiness to take on the new administration. “There will be some areas where I don’t agree, and it will be my job to represent a coequal branch of the government,” said Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, who was outspoken in his criticism of Mr. Trump during the campaign. Other senators who will be prominent in the “   ’ ” caucus include Mr. Graham’s longtime ally, John McCain of Arizona Jeff Flake of Arizona Susan Collins of Maine Lisa Murkowski of Alaska Lamar Alexander of Tennessee Ben Sasse of Nebraska and Rand Paul of Kentucky. They will differ issue by issue, and they will certainly side much more often than not with the Republican majority. And don’t count on them to block cabinet nominees such as their Republican colleague Jeff Sessions of Alabama, Mr. Trump’s choice for attorney general, despite criticism of his civil rights record. They know and like Mr. Sessions. They are poised to challenge the new administration and their colleagues on policy areas in which they deeply disagree or on some of the more extreme proposals that arose from the Trump campaign. “If the president came forth with a legislative proposal that would ban all Muslims from coming into the United States, I would obviously oppose something like that,” said Ms. Collins, a centrist who wrote an   article in August announcing that she would not vote for Mr. Trump because he did not represent historical Republican values. She and others in this group are fully capable of building bipartisan coalitions large enough to assert control over an issue and push legislation in one direction or another, siphoning some authority from the leadership. Though House conservatives are agitating to eliminate the filibuster, most of the senators in this group would be reluctant to support such a move since they derive some of their own clout from the threat of that procedural tool. Here’s a look at how the others besides Mr. Graham and Ms. Collins figure to be at the center of activity. Mr. Alexander: As chairman of the Senate health committee, he will be pivotal in any action Congress takes to overturn the Affordable Care Act, and he has urged caution to his colleagues. He has forged a close relationship with Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the new Democratic leader, and has worked well with Senator Patty Murray of Washington, the senior Democrat on the committee and now No. 3 in her party’s leadership. He left the Republican leadership a few years ago because he felt constrained by a role requiring   allegiance. Mr. McCain: He has already made clear that he will oppose any effort by the Trump administration to reinstate interrogation methods, like waterboarding, that have been deemed to be torture. Given his distrust of President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, he, along with Mr. Graham, will serve as a check on efforts to foster closer ties with Russia. As chairman of the Armed Services Committee, he will wield tremendous influence over Pentagon policy. Newly   at age 80, Mr. McCain most likely ran his last race, freeing him from electoral concerns about a backlash from the right. Ms. Murkowski: As chairwoman of the energy committee, she is a strong advocate of domestic oil and gas production, but has also raised concerns about   climate change and its increasing impact on her state’s environment. Like Ms. Collins, she has a voting record in support of abortion rights, and she can be more of a libertarian than a conservative. Perhaps most important, she won   in 2010 as a   candidate and clashed with the party leadership, making her something of a free agent. Mr. Flake: One of the most outspoken Trump foes in the Senate, he took Mr. Trump on directly at a private party meeting. Both in the House and the Senate, Mr. Flake has challenged his leadership, and in some cases has won, notably on his crusade against the   projects known as earmarks. A champion of immigration reform, he is up for   in 2018 and is likely to be hit from right and left. Mr. Paul: He has already threatened to filibuster Mr. Trump’s cabinet picks, and he previously raised the alarm about the reach of government surveillance programs, which could put him at odds with the new administration. He has urged restraint with American military power, putting him distinctly at odds with Mr. McCain and Mr. Graham in that area. Mr. Sasse: A persistent detractor of Mr. Trump throughout the campaign, he seems most likely to challenge Mr. Trump in cases of perceived abuse of executive power. In a Nebraska   article after the election, he urged a search for common ground with Mr. Trump, but warned that there would be disagreements. “There are absolutely some things that worry me,” he wrote. The question for these Republicans is how many of those worrisome things will pop up and how far will they go to oppose them.",0
1790,Trump Thug Chants “Jews S A” at Arizona Rally,"By Adalia Woodbury on Sun, Oct 30th, 2016 at 1:43 pm A Trump supporter sporting a “Hillary for Prison” t-shirt chanted “Jews S-A” in support of his candidate during a rally in Arizona on Saturday. The target was the pen of reporters who have been fodder for Trump’s rhetoric at every rally. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
A Trump supporter sporting a “Hillary for Prison” t-shirt chanted “Jews S-A” in support of his candidate during a rally in Arizona on Saturday. 
The target was the pen of reporters who have been fodder for Trump’s rhetoric at every rally. 
The context: While the crowd was chanting “USA” one man chanted “Jews S-A”. Words like that can’t be spun or read into. The intent and meaning were obvious to everyone. 
Watch here on video obtained by The Huffington Post . 
This sort of thing comes as no surprise considering that Donald Trump spent the last year spewing hate filled venom in every possible direction. It may seem superfluous to restate every category of people for which Trump has shown contempt, but it is not. 
Muslims, Jews, immigrants, labor, taxpayers, Latinos, Hispanics, Mexicans, African-Americans, women, POW’s, veterans, people with disabilities, Gold Star Families, and the military have felt the sting of Trump’s words and the disdain in his heart. 
Throughout this campaign season, the vitriol against Hillary Clinton saw no limit. Signs and T-shirts too disgusting to quote in this article. Chants of “lock her up” at the Republican convention and since. Trump promised his base of thugs, lowlifes, and haters he would weaken the first amendment, strengthen the second and establish the alt-right utopia. 
Hillary Clinton was already the most qualified candidate in this race. She also proved to have more stamina than any previous candidate needed. Not only was she competing against a vicious and pathological liar, she was competing for who we are and who we could be. For all the Trump claims that the media is rigged in Clinton’s favor, it was Trump who got free advertising, who framed the narrative and whose words were the primary “news” stories of the campaign. 
There is no doubt that Hillary Clinton will keep her promise to fight for us. She has been doing it from the beginning of this campaign. Every time Hillary Clinton called out Donald Trump’s sexist comments, she was fighting for all women who were attacked, humiliated and sexually abused by men like Trump. Every time Clinton shamed Trump’s horrific and disgusting comments about the Khan family she was standing up for every Gold Star family. She was also standing up for every Muslim-American. The same is true every time Clinton condemned Trump for mocking a disabled reporter or resorted to alt-right stereotypes about African-Americans, inner-cities, and African-American communities. 
Every time Trump spewed hate in whatever direction, Hillary Clinton defended the target. 
So no, this isn’t about choosing the lesser of two evils. Like every election, this is about choosing our next president. More importantly, it’s about voting for who we are and who we aspire to be. 
Image: Screengrab from video.",0
1791,"Bernie Sanders’ Wife, Jane Sanders: Colin Kaepernick ‘Inspired Respect’ Thru ‘Dignified Stance’ - Breitbart","Last week, San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick received a prestigious award from his teammates for “inspirational, courageous play,” despite the fact that Kaepernick’s ”play,” resulted in only one win in eleven starts for the 49ers. [This week, the wife of Senator Bernie Sanders let us know that she thought the award well deserved:  Thank you @Kaepernick7 You inspired respect, focused our thoughts on need 4 change thru your dignified  . https:  .   —   Jane O’Meara Sanders (@janeosanders) January 7, 2017,  So, bestowing upon Kaepernick an award for launching perhaps the most disrespectful, public smear campaign against our military in modern history now has the blessing of the wife of the man who came closest to unseating Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination. This reminds us once again of our incredible fortune that neither Jane O’Meara Sanders, nor Bill Clinton, will serve as first lady of the United States of America. Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn",0
1792,ISIS Operative Suspected in Paris and Brussels Attacks Is Identified - The New York Times,"The United States government revealed the identity on Tuesday of an Islamic State operative believed to have been one of the overseers of last year’s attacks in Paris, as well as of the coordinated suicide bombings that tore through the international airport and a metro station in Brussels this year. The operative  —   who until recently was known only by his nom de guerre, Abu Souleymane    —   is a    originally from Morocco whose real name is Abdelilah Himich, according to a statement issued by the State Department, which announced his designation as a global terrorist. The listing describes Mr. Himich as a senior fighter and “external operations figure,” a reference to his suspected role in planning attacks abroad for the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL. “Himich created the Tariq Ibn Ziyad Battalion in 2015, a European foreign terrorist fighter cell that has provided operatives for ISIL attacks in Iraq, Syria and abroad,” the statement said. “Himich was also reportedly involved in the planning of ISIL’s November 2015 Paris attacks and March 2016 Brussels attacks. ” The assault on multiple locations in Paris on Nov. 13, 2015, was led on the ground by Abdelhamid Abaaoud, a Belgian member of the Islamic State who traveled from Syria and maintained telephone contact with the various teams of attackers. He was killed in a police shootout days later. But evidence quickly emerged that Mr. Abaaoud and his team had been taking orders from and reporting back to   inside the terror group. Among the first clues was the testimony of one of the hostages inside the Bataclan concert hall in Paris, who said he had overheard one of the suicide bombers asking the other, “Should we call Souleymane?” After the March 22 attacks in Brussels, the Belgian capital, the police recovered a laptop belonging to one of the plotters and discovered recorded chats between the attackers and their handlers in Syria, including Abu Souleymane and another commander who went by the nom de guerre Abu Ahmad, according to   Brisard, who leads the Center for Analysis of Terrorism in Paris. French officials have refused to confirm that the “Souleymane” mentioned in these two episodes is indeed Mr. Himich. However, a joint investigation by ProPublica and Frontline identified Mr. Himich as one of the architects of the Paris attack and revealed that he had lived in Lunel, France, and was deployed to Afghanistan after enlisting in the French Foreign Legion. “He was promoted very quickly once he reached Syria and became the commander of a brigade of foreign fighters, and this is surely as a result of his background and his combat experience,” said Mr. Brisard, who described Mr. Himich as “the conceiver” of the Paris attacks. According to records consulted by Mr. Brisard, Mr. Himich joined the Islamic State in April 2014 and fought as one of the group’s snipers before being wounded in combat. He participated in at least one filmed execution, in which he crucified two victims, Mr. Brisard said. Mr. Brisard cautioned, however, that the Islamic State’s external operations arm, the unit responsible for inspiring and carrying out terrorist attacks abroad, was a team effort. Although Mr. Himich may have sketched the broad outlines of the plot, the planning passed through multiple hands. Records from the laptop seized in Brussels indicate that Abu Ahmad may have had a more direct role in “piloting” both the Nov. 13 and March 22 plots, Mr. Brisard said. Reached by telephone, the office of the chief prosecutor in Paris, which is leading the investigation into the French attacks, declined to comment on the State Department announcement.",0
1793,Muhammad Ali Dies at 74: Titan of Boxing and the 20th Century - The New York Times,"Muhammad Ali, the   world heavyweight boxing champion who helped define his turbulent times as the most charismatic and controversial sports figure of the 20th century, died on Friday in a   hospital. He was 74. His death was confirmed by Bob Gunnell, a family spokesman. The cause was septic shock, a family spokeswoman said. Ali, who lived near Phoenix, had had Parkinson’s disease for more than 30 years. He was admitted to the hospital on Monday with what Mr. Gunnell said was a respiratory problem. Ali was the most thrilling if not the best heavyweight ever, carrying into the ring a physically lyrical, unorthodox boxing style that fused speed, agility and power more seamlessly than that of any fighter before him. But he was more than the sum of his athletic gifts. An agile mind, a buoyant personality, a brash   and an evolving set of personal convictions fostered a magnetism that the ring alone could not contain. He entertained as much with his mouth as with his fists, narrating his life with a patter of inventive doggerel. (“Me! Wheeeeee! ”) Ali was as polarizing a superstar as the sports world has ever produced  —   both admired and vilified in the 1960s and ’70s for his religious, political and social stances. His refusal to be drafted during the Vietnam War, his rejection of racial integration at the height of the civil rights movement, his conversion from Christianity to Islam and the changing of his “slave” name, Cassius Clay, to one bestowed by the separatist black sect he joined, the   Nation of Islam, were perceived as serious threats by the conservative establishment and noble acts of defiance by the liberal opposition. Loved or hated, he remained for 50 years one of the most recognizable people on the planet. In later life Ali became something of a secular saint, a legend in soft focus. He was respected for having sacrificed more than three years of his boxing prime and untold millions of dollars for his antiwar principles after being banished from the ring he was extolled for his    gallantry in the face of incurable illness, and he was beloved for his accommodating sweetness in public. In 1996, he was trembling and nearly mute as he lit the Olympic caldron in Atlanta. That passive image was far removed from the exuberant, talkative, vainglorious    who bounded out of Louisville, Ky. and onto the world stage in 1964 with an upset victory over Sonny Liston to become the world champion. The press called him the Louisville Lip. He called himself the Greatest. Ali also proved to be a    —   a public figure who kept reinventing his persona. As a bubbly teenage gold medalist at the 1960 Olympics in Rome, he parroted America’s Cold War line, lecturing a Soviet reporter about the superiority of the United States. But he became a critic of his country and a government target in 1966 with his declaration “I ain’t got nothing against them Vietcong. ” “He lived a lot of lives for a lot of people,” said the comedian and civil rights activist Dick Gregory. “He was able to tell white folks for us to go to hell. ” But Ali had his hypocrisies, or at least inconsistencies. How could he consider himself a “race man” yet mock the skin color, hair and features of other   most notably Joe Frazier, his rival and opponent in three classic matches? Ali called him “the gorilla,” and long afterward Frazier continued to express hurt and bitterness. If there was a supertitle to Ali’s operatic life, it was this: “I don’t have to be who you want me to be I’m free to be who I want. ” He made that statement the morning after he won his first heavyweight title. It informed every aspect of his life, including the way he boxed. The traditionalist fight crowd was appalled by his style he kept his hands too low, the critics said, and instead of allowing punches to “slip” past his head by bobbing and weaving, he leaned back from them. Eventually his approach prevailed. Over 21 years, he won 56 fights and lost five. His Ali Shuffle may have been pure showboating, but the “  ”  —   in which he rested on the ring’s ropes and let an opponent punch himself out  —   was the stratagem that won the Rumble in the Jungle against George Foreman in 1974, the fight in Zaire (now the Democratic Republic of Congo) in which he regained his title. His personal life was paradoxical. Ali belonged to a sect that emphasized strong families, a subject on which he lectured, yet he had dalliances as casual as autograph sessions. A brief first marriage to Sonji Roi ended in divorce after she refused to dress and behave as a proper Nation wife. (She died in 2005.) While married to Belinda Boyd, his second wife, Ali traveled openly with Veronica Porche, whom he later married. That marriage, too, ended in divorce. Ali was politically and socially idiosyncratic as well. After the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, the television interviewer David Frost asked him if he considered Al Qaeda and the Taliban evil. He replied that terrorism was wrong but that he had to “dodge questions like that” because “I have people who love me. ” He said he had “businesses around the country” and an image to consider. As a spokesman for the Muhammad Ali Center, a museum dedicated to “respect, hope and understanding,” which opened in his hometown, Louisville, in 2005, he was known to interrupt a   meeting with an ethnic joke. In one he said: “If a black man, a Mexican and a Puerto Rican are sitting in the back of a car, who’s driving? Give up? The  . ” But Ali had generated so much good will by then that there was little he could say or do that would change the public’s perception of him. “We forgive Muhammad Ali his excesses,” an Ali biographer, Dave Kindred, wrote, “because we see in him the child in us, and if he is foolish or cruel, if he is arrogant, if he is outrageously in love with his reflection, we forgive him because we no more can condemn him than condemn a rainbow for dissolving into the dark. Rainbows are born of thunderstorms, and Muhammad Ali is both. ” Cassius Marcellus Clay Jr. was born in Louisville on Jan. 17, 1942, into a family of strivers that included teachers, musicians and craftsmen. Some of them traced their ancestry to Henry Clay, the   representative, senator and secretary of state, and his cousin Cassius Marcellus Clay, a noted abolitionist. Ali’s mother, Odessa, was a cook and a house cleaner, his father a sign painter and a church muralist who blamed discrimination for his failure to become a recognized artist. Violent and often drunk, Clay Sr. filled the heads of Cassius and his younger brother, Rudolph (later Rahman Ali) with the teachings of the   black separatist Marcus Garvey and a refrain that would become Ali’s  —   “I am the greatest. ” Beyond his father’s teachings, Ali traced his racial and political identity to the 1955 murder of Emmett Till, a black    from Chicago who was believed to have flirted with a white woman on a visit to Mississippi. Clay was about the same age as Till, and the photographs of the brutalized dead youth haunted him, he said. Cassius started to box at 12, after his new $60 red Schwinn bicycle was stolen off a downtown street. He reported the theft to Joe Martin, a police officer who ran a boxing gym. When Cassius boasted what he would do to the thief when he caught him, Martin suggested that he first learn how to punch properly. Cassius was quick, dedicated and gifted at publicizing a youth boxing show, “Tomorrow’s Champions,” on local television. He was soon its star. For all his ambition and willingness to work hard, education  —   public and segregated  —   eluded him. The only subjects in which he received satisfactory grades were art and gym, his high school reported years later. Already an amateur boxing champion, he graduated 376th in a class of 391. He was never taught to read properly years later he confided that he had never read a book, neither the ones on which he collaborated nor even the Quran, although he said he had reread certain passages dozens of times. He memorized his poems and speeches, laboriously printing them out over and over. In boxing he found boundaries, discipline and stable guidance. Martin, who was white, trained him for six years, although historical revisionism later gave more credit to Fred Stoner, a black trainer in the Smoketown neighborhood. It was Martin who persuaded Clay to “gamble your life” and go to Rome with the 1960 Olympic team despite his almost pathological fear of flying. Clay won the Olympic   title and came home a professional contender. In Rome, Clay was everything the sports diplomats could have hoped for  —   a handsome, charismatic and black  . When a Russian reporter asked him about racial prejudice, Clay ordered him to “tell your readers we got qualified people working on that, and I’m not worried about the outcome. ” “To me, the U. S. A. is still the best country in the world, counting yours,” he added. “It may be hard to get something to eat sometimes, but anyhow I ain’t fighting alligators and living in a mud hut. ” Ali would later cringe at that quotation, especially when journalists harked back to it as proof that a merry   had been misguided into becoming a hateful militant. Of course, after the Rome Games, few journalists followed Clay home to Louisville, where he was publicly referred to as “the Olympic nigger” and denied service at many downtown restaurants. After one such rejection, the story goes, he hurled his gold medal into the Ohio River. But Clay, and later Ali, gave different accounts of that act, and according to Thomas Hauser, author of the oral history “Muhammad Ali: His Life and Times,” Clay had simply lost the medal. Clay turned professional by signing a   contract with 11 local white millionaires. (“They got the complexions and connections to give me good directions,” he said.) The   Louisville Sponsoring Group supported him while he was groomed by Angelo Dundee, a top trainer, in Miami. At a mosque there, Clay was introduced to the Nation of Islam, known to the news media as “Black Muslims. ” Elijah Muhammad, the group’s leader, taught that white people were devils genetically created by an evil scientist. On Allah’s chosen day of retribution, the Mother of Planes would bomb all but the righteous, and the righteous would be spirited away. Years later, after leaving the group and converting to orthodox Islam, Ali gave the Nation of Islam credit for offering   a    message at a time of low   and persecution. “Color doesn’t make a man a devil,” he said. “It’s the heart and soul and mind that count. What’s on the outside is only decoration. ” Clay enjoyed early success against prudently chosen opponents. His outrageous predictions, usually in rhyme  —   “This is no jive, Cooper will go in five”  —   put off many older sportswriters, especially since most of the predictions came true. (His fight against the Englishman Henry Cooper did end in the fifth round at Wembley Stadium in 1963, although Cooper, who had knocked Clay down in the fourth, did not “go down. ”) The reporters’ beau ideal of a boxer was the laconic Joe Louis. But they still wrote about Clay. Younger sportswriters, raised in an age of Andy Warhol, happenings and the “put on,” were delighted by the hype and by Clay’s friendly accessibility. In 1963, at 21, after only 15 professional fights, he was on the cover of Time magazine. The winking quality of the prose  —   “Cassius Clay is Hercules, struggling through the twelve labors. He is Jason, chasing the Golden Fleece”  —   reinforced the assumption that he was just another boxer being sacrificed to the box office’s lust for fresh meat. It was feared he would be seriously injured by the baleful slugger Liston, a    betting favorite to retain his title in Miami Beach, Fla. on Feb. 25, 1964. But Clay was joyously comic. Encouraged by his assistant trainer and “spiritual adviser,” Drew Brown, known as Bundini, Clay mocked Liston as the “big ugly bear” and chanted a battle cry: “Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee, rumble, young man, rumble. ” The Beatles, on their first American tour, were in town and showed up for a photo op at Clay’s training gym. Malcolm X, a leading minister for the Nation of Islam and a worrisome presence to many white Americans, was there, too, with his family members as guests of Clay, whom they saw as a big brother. To the shock of the crowd, Clay, taller and broader than Liston at 6 feet 3 inches and 210 pounds and much faster, took immediate control of the fight. He danced away from Liston’s vaunted left hook and peppered his face with jabs, opening a cut over his left eye. Clay was in trouble only once. Just before the start of the fifth round, his eyes began to sting. It was liniment, but he suspected poison. Dundee had to push him into the ring. Two rounds later, Liston, slumped on his stool, his left arm hanging uselessly, gave up. He had torn muscles swinging at Clay in vain. Clay, the new champion, capered along the ring apron, shouting at the press: “Eat your words! I shook up the world! I’m king of the world!” (More than a year later, in May 1965, he would retain his crown in   fashion in a rematch with Liston in Lewiston, Me. Within two minutes of the first round, Ali threw what became known as the phantom punch, sending Liston sprawling and resulting in a disputed decision to end the fight.) The morning after the Miami Beach fight, a calm Clay affirmed his rumored membership in the Nation of Islam. He would be Cassius X. (A few weeks later he became Muhammad Ali, which he said meant “Worthy of all praise most high. ”) That day he harangued his audience with a preview of what would, over the next few years, become a series of longer and more detailed lectures about religion and race. This one was about, as he put it, “staying with your own kind. ” “In the jungle, lions are with lions and tigers with tigers,” he said. “I don’t want to go where I’m not wanted. ” The only prominent leader to send Ali a telegram of congratulations was the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. “I remember when Ali joined the Nation of Islam,” Julian Bond, the civil rights activist and politician, once said. “The act of joining was not something many of us particularly liked. But the notion he’d do it  —   that he’d jump out there, join this group that was so despised by mainstream America, and be proud of it  —   sent a little thrill through you. ” The thrills gave way to darker thoughts. After Malcolm X left the Nation and was assassinated on Feb. 21, 1965, by members of the group, there was talk that Ali had been tacitly complicit. Jack Newfield, a political journalist with an interest in boxing, wrote, “If Ali, as the new heavyweight champion, had remained loyal to his mentor, and continued to lend his public support to Malcolm, history might have gone in a different direction. ” On Feb. 17, 1966, a day already roiled by the Senate’s televised hearings on the war in Vietnam, Ali learned that he had been reclassified 1A by his Louisville selective service board. He had originally been disqualified by a substandard score on a mental aptitude test. But a subsequent lowering of criteria made him eligible to go to war. The timing, however, was suspicious to some the contract with the Louisville millionaires had run out, and Nation members were taking over as Ali’s managers and promoters. “Why me?” Ali said when reporters swarmed around his rented Miami cottage to ask about his new draft status. “I buy a lot of bullets, at least three jet bombers a year, and pay the salary of 50, 000 fighting men with the money they take from me after my fights. ” But as the reporters continued to press him with questions about the war, the geography of Asia and his thoughts about killing Vietcong, he snapped, “I ain’t got nothing against them Vietcong. ” The remark was   news around the world. In America, the news media’s response was mostly unfavorable, if not hostile. The sports columnist Red Smith of The New York Herald Tribune wrote, “Squealing over the possibility that the military may call him up, Cassius makes himself as sorry a spectacle as those unwashed punks who picket and demonstrate against the war. ” Most of the press refused to refer to Ali by his new name. When two black contenders, Floyd Patterson and Ernie Terrell, insisted on calling him Cassius Clay, Ali taunted them in the ring as he delivered savage beatings. On April 28, 1967, Ali refused to be drafted and requested   status. He was immediately stripped of his title by boxing commissions around the country. Several months later he was convicted of draft evasion, a verdict he appealed. He did not fight again until he was almost 29, losing three and a half years of his athletic prime. They were years of personal and intellectual growth, however, as Ali supported himself on the college lecture circuit, offering medleys of Muslim dogma and boxing verse. In the    sessions that followed, Ali was forced to explain his religion, his Vietnam stand and his opposition (unpopular on most campuses) to marijuana and interracial dating. Now the “onliest boxer in history that people asked questions like a senator” developed coherent answers. During his exile from the ring, Ali starred in a   Broadway musical, “Buck White,” one of several commercial ventures. There was a   chain called Champburger and a mock movie fight with the popular former champion Rocky Marciano in which Ali outboxed the slugger until being knocked out himself in the final round. The broadcaster Howard Cosell, one of Ali’s most steadfast supporters in the news media, was responsible for keeping him on television, both as an interview subject and as a commentator on boxing matches. As Ali’s   case made its way to the United States Supreme Court, he returned to the ring on Oct. 26, 1970, through the efforts of black politicians in Atlanta. The fight, which ended with a quick knockout of the white contender Jerry Quarry, was only a tuneup for Ali’s anticipated showdown with Frazier, the new champion. But it was a night of glamour and history as Coretta Scott King, Bill Cosby, Diana Ross, the Rev. Jesse Jackson and Sidney Poitier turned out to honor Ali. The Rev. Ralph Abernathy presented him with the annual Dr. King award, calling him “the March on Washington all in two fists. ” “The Fight,” as the Madison Square Garden bout with Frazier on March 8, 1971, was billed, lived up to expectations as an epic match. With Norman Mailer ringside taking notes for a book and Frank Sinatra shooting pictures for Life magazine, Ali stood toe to toe with Frazier and slugged it out as if determined to prove that he had “heart,” that he could stand up to punishment. Frazier won a   decision. Both men suffered noticeable physical damage. To Ali’s boosters, the money he had lost standing up for his principles and the beating he had taken from Frazier proved his sincerity. To his critics, the bloody redemption meant he had finally grown up. The Supreme Court also took a positive view. On June 28, 1971, it unanimously reversed a lower court decision and granted Ali his   status. It was assumed now that Ali’s time had passed and that he would become a   “opponent,” the fighter to beat for those establishing themselves. But his time had returned. Although he was slower, his artistry was even more refined. “He didn’t have fights,” wrote Jim Murray of The Los Angeles Times, “he gave recitals. ” He won 13 of his next 14 fights, including a rematch with Frazier, who had lost his title to George Foreman, a bigger, more frightening version of Liston. Ali was the underdog, smaller and seven years older than Foreman, when they met on Oct. 30, 1974, in Zaire, then ruled by Mobutu Sese Seko. Each fighter was guaranteed $5 million, an extraordinary sum at the time. The fight also launched the career of the promoter Don King and was the subject of Leon Gast’s documentary “When We Were Kings,” which was released more than 20 years later. (Ali attended a special screening, along with   performances, at Radio City Music Hall.) The film won a 1997 Academy Award. Ali reveled in the African setting, repeating an aphorism he had heard from Brown, his assistant trainer: “The world is a black shirt with a few white buttons. ” As the fight progressed, the crowd chanted, “Ali, bomaye!” (“Ali, kill him! ”) first out of concern as Ali leaned against the ropes and absorbed Foreman’s sledgehammer blows on his arms and shoulders, and then in mounting excitement as Foreman wore himself out. In the eighth round, in a blur of punches, Ali knocked out Foreman to regain the title. He leaned down to reporters and said, “What did I tell you?” On Dec. 10, 1974, Ali was invited to the White House for the first time, by President Gerald R. Ford, an occasion that signified not only a turning point in the country’s embrace of Ali but also a return of the Lip. Ali told the president, “You made a big mistake letting me come because now I’m going after your job. ” Ali successfully defended his title 10 times over the next three years, at increasing physical cost. He knocked out Frazier in their third match, the   Thrilla in Manila in 1975, but the punishment of their 14 rounds, Ali said, felt close to dying. In 1978 he lost and then regained his title in fights with Leon Spinks. Ali’s longtime ring doctor, Ferdie Pacheco, urged him to quit, noting the slowing of his reflexes and the slurring of his speech as symptoms of damage. Ali refused. In 1980, he was battered in a loss to the champion Larry Holmes. A year later, he fought for the last time, losing to the journeyman Trevor Berbick in the Bahamas. Ali was soon told that he had Parkinson’s syndrome. Several doctors have speculated that it was brought on by too many punches to the head. The diagnosis was later changed to Parkinson’s disease, according to his wife, Lonnie. She said it had been brought on by Ali’s exposure to pesticides and other toxic chemicals at his training camp in Deer Lake, Pa. After retiring from the ring, Ali made speeches emphasizing spirituality, peace and tolerance, and undertook   missions to Africa and Iraq. Even as he lost mobility and speech, he traveled often from his home in Berrien Springs, Mich. Product and corporate endorsements brought him closer to the “show me the money” sensibilities of Michael Jordan and Tiger Woods, the heirs to his global celebrity. In 1999, Ali became the first boxer on a Wheaties box. On Dec. 31 that year, he rang out the millennium at the New York Stock Exchange. In 2003, a $7, 500 art book celebrating his life was published. His life was the subject of a television movie and a feature film directed by Michael Mann, with Will Smith as Ali. (Both productions sanitized his early religious and political viewpoints.) The same licensing firm that owned most of Elvis Presley’s image purchased rights to Ali’s. Thomas Hauser, his biographer, decried the new “commercialism” surrounding Ali and “the rounding off the rough edges of his journey. ” In a book of essays published in 2005, “The Lost Legacy of Muhammad Ali,” Hauser wrote, “We should cherish the memory of Ali as a warrior and as a gleaming symbol of defiance against an unjust social order when he was young. ” In 2005, calling him the greatest boxer of all time, President George W. Bush presented the Medal of Freedom to Ali in a White House ceremony. In recent years, Parkinson’s disease and spinal stenosis, which required surgery, limited Ali’s mobility and ability to communicate. He spent most of his time at his home in Paradise Valley, Ariz. often watching Western movies and old    TV shows. He ventured out mostly for physical therapy, movies and concerts. He rarely did TV interviews, his wife said, because he no longer liked the way he looked on camera. “But he loved the adoration of crowds,” she said. “Even though he became vulnerable in ways he couldn’t control, he never lost his childlike innocence, his sunny, positive nature. Jokes and pranks and magic tricks. He wanted to entertain people, to make them happy. ”",0
1794,Dropout by Dartmouth Raises Questions on Health Law Cost-Savings Effort - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   In its quest to remake the nation’s health care system, the Obama administration has urged doctors and hospitals to band together to improve care and cut costs, using a model devised by researchers at Dartmouth College. But Dartmouth itself, facing mounting financial losses in the federal program, has dropped out, raising questions about the future of the new entities known as accountable care organizations, created under the Affordable Care Act. The entities are in the vanguard of efforts under the health law to move Medicare away from a disjointed    system to a new model that rewards doctors who collaborate and coordinate care. Medicare now has more than 400 accountable care organizations, serving eight million of the 57 million Medicare beneficiaries. Obama administration officials say the new entities are saving money while improving care, but some independent experts have questioned those claims. “There’s little in the way of analysis or data about how A. C. O.s did in 2015,” said Dr. Ashish K. Jha, a professor at the Harvard School of Public Health. “The results have not been a home run. ” In addition, he said, “there is little reason to think that A. C. O.s will bend the cost curve in a meaningful way” unless they bear more financial risk, sharing losses as well as savings with the government. An evaluation for the federal government found that Dartmouth’s accountable care organization had reduced Medicare spending on hospital stays, medical procedures, imaging and tests. And it achieved goals for the quality of care. But it was still subject to financial penalties because it did not meet   benchmarks set by federal officials. “We were cutting costs and saving money and then paying a penalty on top of that,” said Dr. Robert A. Greene, an executive vice president of the   health system. “We would have loved to stay in the federal program, but it was just not sustainable. ” Dr. Elliott S. Fisher, the director of the Dartmouth Institute for Health Policy and Clinical Practice, said: “It’s hard to achieve savings if, like Dartmouth, you are a   provider to begin with. I helped design the model of accountable care organizations. So it’s sad that we could not make it work here. ” Dr. Greene offered this analogy: It is easier for a person who runs a mile in 12 minutes to reduce the time to 10 minutes than for a   miler to break the   barrier.   is the main teaching hospital for Dartmouth’s medical school, of which the Dartmouth Institute is part. Since accountable care organizations began operation in 2012, a number like Dartmouth have dropped out of the program, citing financial uncertainties and unrealistic benchmarks for spending. Organizations with higher levels of prior spending had a greater ability to achieve cost savings in the first years of the program, by reducing unnecessary services, so they were more likely to qualify for financial rewards, according to the Government Accountability Office, an investigative arm of Congress. The idea of accountable care organizations and the name are generally traced back to a paper in 2006 by Dr. Fisher and colleagues at Dartmouth and its medical school. Writing in the journal Health Affairs, they reported that Medicare beneficiaries received most of their care from doctors who were directly or indirectly affiliated with a local hospital. Rather than trying to measure the performance of individual doctors, they said, Medicare should assess the hospital and the doctors together and hold them jointly accountable for the cost and quality of care provided to a defined group of Medicare patients. In effect, this was an effort to overcome the fragmented nature of most American health care and to replicate some of the benefits of managed care while still allowing Medicare patients to visit any doctors they wanted. The new entities, unlike health maintenance organizations, “can’t tell you which health care providers to see” and “can’t limit your Medicare benefits,” the Obama administration tells beneficiaries. But, it says, doctors and hospitals working together in an accountable care organization can share information, including test results and prescription drug data, so it is easier for them to coordinate care for patients. Under the law, doctors and hospitals can share in savings if they meet certain goals established by Medicare officials, who set separate benchmarks for each group of health care providers. Andrew M. Slavitt, the acting administrator of the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, said that accountable care organizations were beginning to deliver tangible benefits. The current version is an early iteration “like the iPhone 2,” he said on Twitter. Dr. Fisher said he was cautiously optimistic about the future of accountable care organizations. “Evidence on spending suggests modest savings over all,” he said, though he acknowledged that in Medicare “the model has yet to achieve the benefits many advocates hoped for. ” Accountable care organizations are one of many demonstration projects being conducted by the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation, an office created by the Affordable Care Act to test new ways of financing and delivering care. Under the law, the secretary of health and human services has sweeping power to expand such projects nationwide if she finds that they would reduce Medicare spending without harming the quality of care. The center is testing new ways to pay for prescription drugs, medical devices, cancer care, hip replacement surgery and many other services. The Congressional Budget Office predicts that the center’s activities will save $34 billion over the next 10 years, although it does not know which projects will save money. Republicans in Congress are taking aim at the center, saying its experiments jeopardize patients’ access to care and usurp the authority of Congress. In some cases, doctors and patients are required to participate. “The agency has, in effect, enacted changes to the Medicare and Medicaid programs while circumventing Congress,” said Representative Tom Price, Republican of Georgia and chairman of the House Budget Committee. The House Appropriations Committee has approved legislation that would eliminate $7 billion that remains available to the center. Democrats defend the innovation center, saying the nation desperately needs to find ways of delivering better care at lower cost. To shut down the center or block its work would amount to “killing the baby in the nursery before it ever grows up,” said Representative Jim McDermott, Democrat of Washington.",0
1795,French Voting Station Reopens After Security Scare,"PARIS (AP)  —   A voting station in eastern France has reopened after being evacuated because of a suspicious vehicle parked nearby. [Interior Ministry spokesman   Brandet told The Associated Press that the voting station in Besancon was evacuated while explosives experts examined the car, but they deemed there to be no risk.  He said no other incidents have been reported in Sunday’s   presidential election. Tens of thousands of security forces are guarding voting stations across France after an attack in Paris on Thursday revived security concerns. France remains under a state of emergency after deadly Islamic extremist attacks in recent years. The top two winners on Sunday will advance to a May 7 runoff.  ",0
1796,Immigration Hawks Ascend to Senior DHS Positions,"Two leading advocates for reforming illegal and legal immigration enforcement were appointed by President Donald Trump to serve as senior advisors for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). [Jon Feere, the former legal analyst for the Center for Immigration Studies, and Julie Kirchner, the previous executive director for the Federation of American Immigration Reform (FAIR) have both been appointed to senior positions.  Feere, who work with the Trump campaign and transition team on immigration policy, will serve as the senior adviser to the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency Director Thomas Homan. Kirchner, a campaign alum as well, will serve as the senior adviser to Customs and Border Protection (CBP) Commissioner Kevin McAleenan. Center for Immigration Studies Executive Director Mark Krikorian told Breitbart Texas that the Trump Administration appointed a person who “knows the ins and outs” of immigration when they chose Feere to serve. “ICE needs somebody like Jon because he’s worked on immigration policy for many years,” Krikorian said. “After eight years of Obama, there were civil servants and people at ICE who weren’t as quite up to date on immigration enforcement. ” FAIR spokesperson Ira Mehlman told Breitbart Texas that Kirchner’s appointment is welcome news. “They’re both people with long experience and deep knowledge and they’re highly qualified for their positions,” Mehlman said. Both the Center for Immigration Studies and FAIR have long been advocates for increased border security, a wall, reforming foreign guest worker visas and lower levels of legal immigration to help American wages to rise. The appointments have come with the usual media backlash that the Trump Administration has grown accustomed to. CNN, for instance, has written that Feere and Kirchner’s appointments have “alarmed” the open borders lobby. The network propped up opposition to the appointments through the   Southern Poverty Law Center, with Director Heidi Beirich claiming that that the Center for Immigration Studies and FAIR publish “racist” and “xenophobic” reports. Krikorian, though, said the open borders lobby is only outraged because they know how effective both nominees could be. “This isn’t a complaint about qualification,” Krikorian told Breitbart Texas. “Jon and these others know what they’re doing and that’s what the   groups are afraid of. ” John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
1797,Running of the Sheep 2016: Black Friday “Getting Scary Now” With 2 Shot Dead,"
Black Friday madness has reached one of its most dangerous points in American history.
As the Sheeple lined up and mobbed retail stores after Thanksgiving dinner and early Friday morning for deals to kick off the holiday season, there have been at least three shooting incidents at stores across the United States – and at least two people were shot dead in the resulting frenzy and mayhem.
Many people lost all sense of perspective as they got caught up in it at Walmart, Macy’s and other stores during this grim holiday tradition in American stupidity.
via the Daily Mail :
Two people were shot dead and two others were injured in three separate incidents in New Jersey, Nevada and Tennessee as Black Friday shopping kicked off. 
A man was fatally shot and his brother was wounded in a shooting outside of a Macy’s in New Jersey on Friday morning while another was shot dead in an apparent road rage incident in a Walmart parking lot in Nevada on Thursday.
A fourth person suffered a gunshot wound on Thursday at a mall in Tennessee as shoppers were taking part in early Black Friday sales.
[…]
A 20-year-old Atlantic City man was shot multiple times and pronounced dead at the scene while his 26-year-old brother, from Clayton, was shot in the leg and listed in stable condition at AtlantiCare Regional Medical Center.
One shopper who was at the scene and has been coming out for Black Friday shopping for the last ten years said the shooting was sad, adding that Black Friday is ‘getting scary now’. 
Meanwhile, these crazed shoppers caught on video are fighting and furiously mobbing over cheap towels and toilet papers!
Black Friday Fight Walmart 2016 – Walmart Black Friday Fight 2016 | Black Friday Attack 2016 Brawl 

Black Friday Walmart Shoppers FIGHT over TOILET TISSUE & SOAP (Black Friday Fights 2016) 

Black Friday Fight 2016: Brawls Across Nation mostly over Jumbo TVs on Black Friday Shopping Frenzy 

The same America that is so deeply divided over politics, presidential elections and race is also prepared to lose it over consumer goods and holiday sales.
If that’s how people react over sales and ‘insane deals’ on household items…. how do you think they will react when the economic collapse hits home and people become truly desperate?
Read more: 
The Running Of The Sheep: Black Friday 2015 Video Hall of Shame 
Running Of The Sheep: America 2014 in Video: People Trampled, Brawls, Cops Assaulted, Tasers, Mayhem… 
Sheeple: Why You Should Feel Sorry For Them 
",0
1798,725 Days To Nowhere—A Stock Market Inhabited By Machines And Fools,"725 Days To Nowhere---A Stock Market Inhabited By Machines And Fools By David Stockman.   Way back on October 28, 2104 the S&P 500 first crossed the 2090 marker. So here we are 725 days later and it ends up smack dab where it started. And that was before anyone thought Trump was actually running or crowds were chanting ""lock her up"" about Hillary. It was also before the Fed had demonstrated it was fully as craven and confused as is now evident.  ",0
1799,Massive Pillow Fight in Downtown Los Angeles on April Fools’ Day - Breitbart,"Hundreds of children, teens, adults and seniors celebrated International Pillow Fight Day by participating in pillow fight in Downtown Los Angeles’s Pershing Square on Saturday for more than an hour. [Soft, fluffy, and occasionally menacing blows were exchanged by all during the event, which coincided with several others both nationally and in other parts of the world.  Video of the massive gathering, replete with feathers and colored cases, was posted to YouTube: According to CBS Los Angeles, many wore pajamas, while others wore goggles and masks to protect their faces. By the end of the over   fight, the ground of Pershing Square was reportedly covered with feathers. Pillow fights also took place in New York City, Philadelphia, and other U. S. cities: Three girls fighting it out on World #Pillowfight Day #Philadelphia #WVroadtripUSA pic. twitter.   —   Henry Arvidsson (@WonderingViking) April 2, 2017,  Canada also held a pillow fight: #pillowfight #pillow #pillowfighters #tronto #hardworkout #l4l #f4f #yolo . We are pillow fighters  A post shared by shuto kitagawa (@shutto) on Apr 1, 2017 at 2:52pm PDT, The day was celebrated with feathers and pillows internationally. In Amsterdam, this shot captured an eventful moment: #Photo taken during the #PillowFightDay in #Amsterdam More https:  .  #internationalpillowfightday #PillowFight #feather pic. twitter.   —   Romy Fernandez (@allromy) April 2, 2017,  In the small Cyrpus suburb of Nicosia, dozens of youth took their fluffiest and sturdiest pillows to the streets for an amicable fight as club music blared in the background: In Budapest, Hungary, youth convened at Hero’s Square: According to UPI, the international pillow day fights began in 2005. They have been held annually ever since. Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter.",0
1800,"Anorexia sexual, la plaga del siglo XXI: ¿por qué no quieres tener sexo? - RT","Anorexia sexual, la plaga del siglo XXI: ¿por qué no quieres tener sexo? Publicado: 26 oct 2016 14:25 GMT 
En nuestro siglo la inapetencia sexual puede tener causas serias que la convierten en una grave enfermedad. Imagen Ilustrativa Pixabay / Takmeomeo Síguenos en Facebook 
La llamada 'anorexia sexual' es un trastorno todavía poco conocido que puede convertirse en la ' plaga del siglo XXI '. Según la definición que el doctor Patrick Carnes propuso en su libro 'Anorexia sexual', publicado en 1997, es ""un estado obsesivo en el cual la tarea física, emocional y mental de evitar el sexo domina la vida de alguien"". 
""Los anoréxicos sexuales son aquellas personas que para evitar la intimidad rehúyen cualquier tipo de vínculo más profundo; de la misma manera que un anoréxico evita comer porque cree que está más gordo de lo que es en realidad, un anoréxico sexual es alguien que evita el contacto sexual porque tiene aprensiones de carácter psicológico"", explica la psicoterapeuta sexual Natalia Guerrero. El origen del trastorno 
El extraño trastorno afecta tanto a hombres como a mujeres. Son personas que, a pesar de sentir deseo, se prohíben disfrutar de cualquier placer sexual porque lo perciben como una amenaza. Los psicólogos apuntan que las causas del fenómeno tienen un origen muy profundo que podría encontrarse en la sociedad contemporánea. Las personas simplemente no saben construir relaciones y recurren a la producción erótica en forma de revistas, películas e Internet, de manera que proyectan sus deseos sexuales hacia imágenes y videos y no hacia personas. 
En algunas ocasiones, la anorexia sexual tiene su origen en la niñez, ya que las personas que durante la infancia fueron víctimas de acosos sexuales en el futuro pueden sufrir el trastorno. Las mujeres violadas también evitan las relaciones íntimas durante mucho tiempo, mientras que algunas personas renuncian al sexo tras haber sido rechazadas por los objetos de sus deseos sexuales. ¿Hay solución? 
El problema es cada vez más frecuente, pero tiene solución. ""Los problemas que tienen que ver con esta esfera se pueden trabajar con una terapia sexológica , pero cuando los casos son muy graves, se requiere de trabajar en una interconsulta con un psiquiatra, porque a veces el problema forma parte de un cuadro de fobias más generales"", afirma Guerrero. ",0
1801,California Today: The Stories That Moved Us in 2016 - The New York Times,"Good morning.  (Want to get California Today by email? Here’s the  .) Please note: California Today will pause for the New Year’s holiday and be back on Tuesday. What news stories enthralled Californians in 2016? By one measure, they were the ones that explored themes of personal triumph and good will toward others. Crowdtangle, a social analytics company, provided a ranking of the year’s most popular pieces about California on Facebook posted by California news organizations. Here are the top 10, all videos, ordered according to cumulative likes, shares and comments. 1. The transformation of Eric O’Grey.  —   SFGate. com Mr. O’Grey’s life was a mess: He was depressed. He weighed 330 pounds. He hadn’t been on a date in 15 years. At his nutritionist’s suggestion, he went to a shelter and got a dog, Peety, and everything changed. (Watch the video to see how.) Reached by phone on Thursday, Mr. O’Grey, 57, said the attention to his story (the SFGate video got 34 million views) had been overwhelming. Thousands of people contacted him. One of them was a high school sweetheart he hadn’t heard from in about 40 years. “And here is the grand finale to the entire thing,” Mr. O’Grey said. They were married on Dec. 7. Peety died. Mr. O’Grey keeps a framed print of his paw on his bedroom wall. He adopted another dog, a Labrador retriever mix named Jake. They run 40 miles a week together. 2. Jamie Foxx rescued a man in a car crash.  —   ABC 7 Brett Kyle, 32, was speeding when his Toyota Tacoma left the road and rolled several times in front of Mr. Foxx’s home in the Thousand Oaks area, reports said. Responding, the   actor and another man, an   paramedic who was driving by, reached into the burning vehicle, cut Mr. Kyle’s seatbelt and pulled him to safety. “As we pull him out, within five seconds later, the truck goes up,” Mr. Foxx told reporters. 3. A Sacramento girl spread good will.  —   Fox 40 This summer, Leah Nelson, 10, decided to make the world a better place. So she made a bunch of bracelets, then gave them to strangers and asked that they pay forward the gesture however they saw fit. Tens of millions of people watched a Fox 40 video that showed Leah spreading the word about her project, known as “Becuz I Care,” outside a grocery store. On Thursday, Leah’s father, Charles Nelson, said people had contacted the family from as far as Britain, France and Portugal to ask about replicating it in their cities. He described a letter they got from a woman in Montreal: “What she said is that what Leah’s story restored in her is a sense of hope for the future. ” 4. An abandoned Chihuahua without front legs got prosthetic wheels.  —   SFGate. com 5. Snoop Dogg and The Game led a unity march to the Los Angeles Police Headquarters after the killings of Dallas police officers.  —   Los Angeles Times 6. A look at the grueling life of Gaspar Marcos, a Los Angeles high schooler who migrated from Guatemala.  —   Los Angeles Times 7. Three bears were captured on video frolicking in Lake Tahoe.  —   KCRA 3 8. Demonstrators shut down Interstate 880 in Oakland to protest police shootings of black men.  —   KRON 4 9. An aerial view of gridlock on the 405 Freeway in West Los Angeles.  —   ABC 7 10. Los Angeles firefighters comforted a dog rescued from a burning home.  —   NBC LA (Please note: We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have metered paywalls.) • The majority in two panels agreed a student was raped by a Stanford football player. That wasn’t enough to expel him. [The New York Times] • A boy, his father and his grandfather were killed over three years in the same Oakland neighborhood. [East Bay Times] • Sales of semiautomatic rifles in California more than doubled this year. [San Francisco Chronicle] • A professor rented the home of a U. C. Berkeley professor, then refused to leave. [Mother Jones] • If a stroke was the primary cause of Debbie Reynolds’ death, a heart squeezed by the loss of a beloved daughter might have contributed. [The New York Times] • In China, a hidden bounty of subsidies has supported the production of Apple’s   product: the iPhone. [The New York Times] • Venture capitalists are poised to invest big in   and I. P. O.s in the new year. [The New York Times] • When the seemingly invincible Ronda Rousey lost her U. F. C. title, it was a shock. Now’s her chance for a comeback. [The New York Times] • California newspapers’ best photos of 2016 [Orange County Register | San Diego   | Los Angeles Times] • Video: Humboldt County has begun an experiment to bring marijuana growers out of the shadows and regulate cannabis farming. [PBS NewsHour] • Los Angeles will get a new museum in 2017 with the opening of the Marciano Art Foundation. [Los Angeles Times] “And this, fellow citizens, is the first freeway in the West. ” So declared Gov. Culbert L. Olson of California on this day in 1940, when the Arroyo Seco Parkway was officially opened, connecting Los Angeles and Pasadena with a roadway unencumbered by traffic lights, streetcars or pedestrians. Mr. Olson continued, presciently: “It is only the first. And that is its great promise to the future  —   the promise of many more freeways to come. ” Los Angeles’s love affair with the automobile was in full swing in the   1930s when the construction of the     Arroyo Seco Parkway put thousands of people to work. The freeway promised to cut travel times by at least half to about 12 minutes between Pasadena, a    city with high per capita car ownership, and downtown Los Angeles, where most of the jobs were. Envisioned as a scenic route, it did not cut a straight line but rather traced the contours of the Arroyo Seco riverbed. Today, the freeway remains largely as it was in the 1940s. Transportation historians recognize the Arroyo Seco Parkway as a precursor to the modern   freeways that now form a vast web across the Los Angeles region. But even as the city continues to add freeway lanes in an intractable war against congestion, Angelenos are increasingly embracing new ideas in transportation. While the car is bound to remain central, large investments in public transit  —   subways, light rail, buses  —   could begin to reshape how Los Angeles gets around. California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes. com. The California Today columnist, Mike McPhate, is a   Californian  —   born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano. He lives in Davis. Follow him on Twitter. California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley.",0
1802,It is Legal For Law Enforcement to Use Armed Drones in North Dakota,"North Dakota has become the first state to legalize law enforcement use of armed drones. 

In late summer of 2015, a law was passed that allowed weapons such as tear gas, rubber bullets, beanbags, pepper spray, and Tasers to be used by police drones. The original bill aimed to ensure that no weapons at all were allowed on law enforcement drones. Sponsor of the original bill, Republican Rep. Rick Becker claimed he is not happy with how the law turned out. 

The intent of the bill was to require police to obtain search warrants using drones to look for evidence. The bill also prohibited weapons aboard drones. In order to get the bill passed and require search warrants, Becker compromised on the weapons issue. 

While some believe this to be a victory for pro-privacy advocates, many view it as a worrisome defeat for those concerned about the militarization of police in America. 

Becker claimed that he aims to change the law when the House returns in session in two years. 

Although the weapons that are allowed for use by drones are considered less than lethal, they can still be deadly. According to The Guardian , at least 67 people were killed by tasers alone in 2015 and 2016 alone. The use of any weapon, lethal or not, can cause great extensive injuries and death. Rubber bullets, beanbags, and tear gas canisters are known to cause horrible injuries and are often times used on non-violent civilians and protestors. 

While most people are unaware that this bill passed, it could endanger the lives of thousands of protestors and water protectors protesting the North Dakota Access Pipeline. 

Ariana Marisol is a contributing staff writer for REALfarmacy.com. She is an avid nature enthusiast, gardener, photographer, writer, hiker, dreamer, and lover of all things sustainable, wild, and free. Ariana strives to bring people closer to their true source, Mother Nature. She graduated The Evergreen State College with an undergraduate degree focusing on Sustainable Design and Environmental Science. Follow her adventures on Instagram.",0
1803,‘Scandal’ Star Tony Goldwyn Applauds ‘Lifesaving’ Planned Parenthood,"Scandal star Tony Goldwyn hailed what he called Planned Parenthood’s “lifesaving work” for women’s health care in an interview this week, adding that those those who oppose abortion are actually “sabotaging” their “own moral stance. ”[Goldwyn, who plays the role of POTUS on the hit ABC show, wore a Planned Parenthood pin to the PaleyFest television festival in Hollywood this week. The actor says   activists are wrong to think putting an end to abortion will save lives.  “There’s been a lot of disinformation about Planned Parenthood and the focus of the lifesaving work that they do for women’s health care,” the actor told Glamour magazine in an interview, adding: “I saw a   image of all those white men sitting around in a room at the White House talking about what should be done about women’s health care, and I thought I would step up [by wearing this and speaking out]. If Planned Parenthood is defunded, millions of women, particularly women struggling economically, are going to be in serious trouble. And the truth is, there will be far more abortions performed —  and unsafe ones as a result. The people that are antiabortion actually are sabotaging their own moral stance by taking this position. ” Glamour writer Jessica Radloff praised Goldwyn for his support of the abortion giant, and also cited Planned Parenthood’s already debunked “3 percent” statistic: “As we’ve pointed out numerous times, abortion constitutes just 3 percent of Planned Parenthood’s services, and except in cases of rape, incest, or severe threat to a mother’s life, no federal money is used to fund abortion services. But cutting federal funding for PP would put access to breast exams, Pap tests, colposcopy procedures, HPV vaccines, reversible contraception procedures, pregnancy tests, STI tests, and HIV tests at risk. ” Live Action’s   video demonstrates how the abortion chain calculates its deceptive “3 percent statistic” by dividing the number of abortions it performs by the total number of services it provides, counting a $10 pregnancy test or a package of condoms as equivalent to a $500 abortion.  “To justify its half billion dollars in taxpayer funding, Planned Parenthood downplays abortion  —   falsely claiming that it only makes up three percent of its business  —   and instead plays up its cancer screenings and   ‘women’s health care,’” explains Lila Rose, president of Live Action. Rose adds: According to its own annual reports, Planned Parenthood does less than one percent of all Pap tests in the United States, less than two percent of all clinical breast exams, zero mammograms, and virtually no prenatal care, yet it does 34. 9 percent of all U. S. abortions, killing over 320, 000 preborn children every year. Former Planned Parenthood managers have provided testimonials about how the abortion giant uses quotas to push   abortions, doesn’t provide the health care it claims it does, and “treats women like cattle. ” In fact, when President Donald Trump offered Planned Parenthood the opportunity to keep its taxpayer funding if it would stop performing abortions, the group’s officials rejected the offer. Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards even tweeted that its abortion services were “as vital to our mission as birth control or cancer screenings. ” Planned Parenthood is proud to provide abortion —  a necessary service that’s as vital to our mission as birth control or cancer screenings. https:  .   —   Cecile Richards (@CecileRichards) March 6, 2017,    activists are urging Congress and Trump to eliminate Planned Parenthood’s taxpayer funding and redirect it to other community health care centers that provide more comprehensive healthcare services than Planned Parenthood. These community facilities outnumber the abortion business’s clinics by at least 20 to 1.",0
1804,America’s Streets Will Run With Blood- Mike Adams,"America’s Streets Will Run With Blood- Mike Adams 
VIOLENCE IN AMERICA-AMERICA’S STREETS WILL RUN RED WITH BLOOD 
Hillary is going down. But don’t make the mistake of thinking it is over! As Mike Adams says in the following video. It does not matter who wins, the streets will run red with blood. 
Listen to what Mike Adams has to say in the following video. If this video does not convince you to prepare to be on your own, then nothing will.",0
1805,News Shot: Detroit Airport Uses New System To Control Travelers,"In this News Shot, Joe Joseph quickly discusses a new system being put in place at Detroit International Airport and sixteen other airports nationwide. This is classic “problem, reaction, solution” where they make it so incredibly miserable to travel, that people will gladly give their rights away for convenience.

Watch on YouTube 
Source: New Technology At Detroit Metro Airport Allows Travelers To Move Through Security Lines In A Flash Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. ",0
1806,Mark Ruffalo Delivers Mobile Solar Trailers to Standing Rock Camps in Preparation for Harsh Winter,"By Jay Syrmopoulos In a show of kindness and solidarity with the Standing Rock Sioux, actor Mark Ruffalo and Native Renewables founder Wahleah Johns presented... ",0
1807,Kenya Hosts World’s First Albino Beauty Pageant [Watch],"Did you know? In some (primarly Eastern) African countries, individuals born with the congenital disorder of albinism are often targeted due to local lore. It is believed that certain body parts of... ",0
1810,"In Election Hacking, Julian Assange’s Years-Old Vision Becomes Reality - The New York Times","At first blush, there’s a baffling,   quality to Julian Assange’s latest star turn in our shambolic national story. He belongs in jail for “waging his war” against the United States by exposing its secrets, the conservative Fox News host Sean Hannity has said of him. An “  operative with blood on his hands,” Sarah Palin once called him. Yet last week brought the sight of Mr. Hannity speaking with Mr. Assange in glowing terms about “what drives him to expose government and media corruption” through Clinton campaign hacks that American intelligence has attributed to Russia. And Ms. Palin hailed him as a great truth teller, even apologizing for previous unpleasantries. (Cue sound of needle sliding across record album.) O. K. the fact that WikiLeaks’   splash was bad for the Democrats and good for   Donald J. Trump may have a   bit to do with their change of heart. But what’s up with Mr. Assange, who seems equally comfortable being a hero of the American left as he is being one of the American right, or even of Russian Putinists? What does he want, anyway? The answer has been in front of us all along. And the current imbroglio over Russia, WikiLeaks and their role in Mr. Trump’s victory  —   or, more to the point, Hillary Clinton’s loss  —   might be viewed as the realization of the vision Mr. Assange had when he started WikiLeaks over a decade ago. Mr. Assange spelled it out in prescient terms in an essay he posted online in November of 2006, the year of WikiLeaks’ founding. He wrote it long before becoming the polarizing figure he is today, a “cypherpunk” folk hero with an outsize reputation for being messianic, impetuous and all too cavalier with the personal data that come his way. (He’s currently living in the Ecuadorean Embassy in London, where he was granted asylum from Swedish authorities who are investigating a rape accusation against him that he says is false and politically motivated.) Yet even his toughest critics acknowledge how clearly he saw the politically disruptive potential of technology, back when some of us were getting our first BlackBerries. It’s what prompted him to start WikiLeaks, which “pioneered something extremely important and very dangerous to large organizations that keep lots of secrets digitally,” as the journalist Glenn Greenwald told me in an interview last week. From the start, Mr. Assange said WikiLeaks’ prime directive was to expose hidden data sets that “reveal illegal or immoral behavior” in government and big business. But in the essay he also wrote in more ambitious terms about forcing regime change through data and technology rather than through the old, barbaric means of assassination. As Mr. Assange saw it, power was held by vast networks of conspirators who shared vital information in secret, giving them a superior understanding of reality that enabled them to hold on to power. The technology revolution, he wrote, was providing the conspirators with the means to achieve what he called an even “higher total conspiratorial power. ” But it was also making them more vulnerable to sabotage, so that a governing conspiracy could be “slowed until it falls, stupefied unable to comprehend and control the forces in its environment. ” As an example, he pointed to “two closely balanced and broadly conspiratorial power groupings,” the Democratic and the Republican Parties in the United States. “Consider what would happen if one of these parties gave up their mobile phones, fax and email correspondence  —   let alone the computer systems,” he wrote. “They would immediately fall into an organizational stupor and lose to the other. ” The essay got new attention when WikiLeaks, working in tandem with The Guardian, The New York Times and other outlets, released extensive diplomatic cables in 2010, making WikiLeaks more of a household name. No one seemed to grasp what Mr. Assange was hinting at more clearly than the conservative writer John Sexton, who foresaw the events of 2016 in a post that was published on Breitbart News and his own blogin 2010. “You can take his example further by imagining what would happen to, say, the D. N. C. if it suffered a massive Wikileak of secret data,” Mr. Sexton wrote, referring to Mr. Assange’s essay. “It seems entirely possible that a leak of the contents of their email for one month would be exceedingly damaging to them. ” And here we are, over six years later. Mr. Assange’s essay has resurfaced yet again, after major data breaches of the email accounts of the Democratic National Committee and the Clinton adviser John Podesta, committed, allegedly, by   hackers and fed to the world via WikiLeaks. Clinton aides have said the breach impeded their ability to communicate electronically afterward, causing them to resort to holding more   meetings. But far more damaging were the spilled secrets. They forced the resignations of the Democratic National Committee chairwoman, Debbie   and of the interim chair, Donna Brazile, from her analyst job at CNN. And they provided Mr. Trump with a steady stream of fresh,   data points, which WikiLeaks fed out incrementally, creating a running story that the American news media voraciously seized upon. Political scientists will debate for years to come how decisive the leaks were in the election outcome. But the emails were undeniably in the mix of an election decided by fewer than 100, 000 votes in three key swing states. So, in the end, one political party was technologically compromised in a way the other wasn’t, and that party did indeed “lose to the other. ” It’s a straight line from Mr. Assange’s initial essay. But if WikiLeaks’ disclosures abetted Mr. Trump, how does that square with Mr. Assange’s goals to undercut “authoritarian conspirators” and create incentives for “more humane forms of governance”? Mr. Trump was less transparent than Mrs. Clinton was during the campaign (we’re still waiting for those tax returns) and he made a number of   statements (“lock her up! ”) that were unique to modern American politics. A WikiLeaks journalist, Sarah Harrison, recently wrote in The Times that WikiLeaks was a news organization committed to disclosing vital information, not picking political sides. Mr. Assange addressed the question differently in an interview last month with the Italian journalist Stefania Maurizi of La Repubblica. “Hillary Clinton’s election would have been a consolidation of power in the existing ruling class of the United States,” he said. Mr. Trump and his allies, he said, “do not by themselves form an existing structure, so it is a weak structure which is displacing and destabilizing the   central power network within D. C. ” That, he said, could herald change, both good and bad. A weak power network in Washington, of course, is just what President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia wanted to see, too. Given Russia’s own authoritarianism and opacity  —   try independent journalism there, if you dare  —   it’s a wonder and, for some, cause for suspicion that it’s not a bigger WikiLeaks target. Mr. Assange told Repubblica that while he had released plenty of   documents, WikiLeaks has no staff members who speak Russian. And he told my Times colleagues Jo Becker, Steven Erlanger and Eric Schmitt last summer that Russia was “a bit player” on the world stage compared with the United States and China. (Their article showed how WikiLeaks’ releases often benefited Russia at the expense of the West despite American assessments that it is likely not directly tied to Russian intelligence services). Though Mr. Assange does not as a rule reveal sources, he has repeatedly said he is confident that the Clinton campaign and D. N. C. email caches that WikiLeaks received did not come from a “state party. ” He maintains that the United States has failed to offer conclusive proof of the Russian government’s direct role, and he is not alone. On Friday, The Intercept, a news outlet   by Mr. Greenwald  —   who led the Guardian team that shared a Pulitzer Prize in 2014 with The Washington Post for coverage of Edward Snowden’s revelations on mass surveillance  —   declared the intelligence report “underwhelming. ” Mr. Greenwald has been highly critical of mainstream news reports that, in his view, have been too quick to accept intelligence reports pointing to Russia’s role. That has added to the fun house mirror aspect of the latest Assange turn, given that Mr. Greenwald’s past work was celebrated by people who are so solidly opposed to Mr. Trump now. But Mr. Greenwald has long criticized mainstream American journalists as being too credulous with government intelligence claims (see “weapons of mass destruction”). Unlike, perhaps, Mr. Hannity and Ms. Palin, he is being consistent. “What’s changed is the political earth around me,” he said. “And the same thing has happened to Julian. ” That earth is still shifting. Where Mr. Assange turns up on it next is anyone’s guess.",0
1811,The Only Way to Save the World is to Save Yourself,"Waking Times 
“We are not here to save the world. We are here to save ourselves, but in doing so, we save the world.” ~ Joseph Campbell 
As I write this, some shit is probably going down at Standing Rock . For anybody awake to the tyranny at hand, the events of the last few months have weighed heavily on our hearts. But the thing people need to remember is this: We’re all Native Americans. If you were born in the USA, and you love the land you were born on (which includes the entire fucking planet, by the way!), you are a Native American. You are a Native Earthling, for shit’s sake. It’s all connected. Their fight is our fight. Skin color is irrelevant. Where you were born or where you migrated to is irrelevant. The only thing relevant is this: are you for freedom, life, cooperation, and love; or are you for statism, profit, divisiveness, and violence? As Derrick Jensen said, “We are the governors as well as the governed. This means that all of us who care about life need to force accountability onto those who do not.” 
The media (even the alternative media, mind you) is trying to spin this as a land issue, or a Native American issue. But it’s not. This is a freedom versus tyranny issue. This is an anarchy versus statism issue. This is a life versus entropy issue. All land is free. We just need to quit focusing on imaginary lines and think cooperation first, competition second. All human beings are free. We just need to quit being obsequious to state-driven authority and start asking (and answering) the tough questions. 
The only way to save the world is to save yourself. The only way to save the land from being poisoned is to save yourself from being poisoned (and from poisoning the land, yourself). The only way to save the environment from pollution is to save yourself from pollution (and from polluting the environment, yourself). In other words: The only way to save the Crashing Plane that is the Human Race is to put the oxygen mask on yourself first before attempting to put it on anybody else, and especially before attempting to right the plane. The oxygen mask, if you haven’t gathered already, is a metaphor for health, awareness, and truth. Save Yourself 
“Only the individual can rise to the heights of consciousness and awareness. The more you belong to the crowd, the deeper you fall into darkness.” ~ Osho 
Saving yourself is putting on the oxygen mask of health, awareness, and truth. But what does that mean? It means questioning yourself to the nth degree , to the point of self-interrogation, and then questioning some more. It means psychosocial upheaval. It means getting uncomfortable. It means admitting you are wrong. In short: It means pain, existential pain of monumental proportions. 
Why is it so painful? Because much cognitive dissonance must be navigated. Everything that you’ve taken for granted as a fundamental truth must be turned inside out and given proper scrutiny. After such scrutiny, you will likely find that you were wrong about a great many things. But the only tool you need to weigh yourself against your deep questioning is the following anonymous quote: “When an honest man realizes that he is mistaken, he will either cease being mistaken or cease being honest.” 
The question is: Do you have the courage to be honest with yourself? Because if you honestly choose the moral side of freedom, life, cooperation, and love, then you’re going to have to admit that statism provides none of these. It only sells the illusion of these. 
Statism is about profit, ownership, divisiveness, and violence. It steals people’s freedom by enforcing, and profiting on, outdated and unjust laws (but only if the person believes in the law). It stifles life and human flourishing through calculative debt slavery and by convincing people into believing in an illusory debt. It creates physical divisiveness by drawing imaginary lines in the sand and declaring them “borders.” It creates psychological divisiveness through xenophobic nationalism and conditioned flag worship, setting up an us-versus-them mentality. When, really, the only us-versus-them mentality that holds any moral weight and intellectual validity is the freedom versus tyranny position. 
Statism is tyrannical. There’s simply no way to wiggle out of this fact. It teaches authoritarianism and oppression. It teaches the individual to oppress and to tyrannize him/herself and others. It teaches people to blindly follow and obsequiously respect authority. It teaches extortion and violence. For if the authority of the state is not obeyed, or its many outdated and immoral laws are not followed, the individual is forced, violently if need be, to acquiesce. Comply or die, is what it comes down to. Either that or your freedom is taken away from you. 
So, when it comes down to it, saving yourself is, first and foremost, waking yourself up from the spell that statism has over you . And then it’s breaking that spell. Break that particular spell, and freedom is at hand. Break that particular spell, and ( your ) life begins. Break that particular spell, and you free yourself to learn how cooperation and love actually work, because you will finally begin taking responsibility for your own shit. No Masters. No rulers. That means taking responsibility for yourself and your own actions as a social creature on an interdependent planet. No more leaning on the crutch of authority. No more codependence on the state. Saving yourself is choosing freedom. Save the World 
“The modern hero, the modern individual who dares to heed the call and seek the mansion of that presence with whom it is our whole destiny to be atoned, cannot, indeed must not, wait for his community to cast off its slough of pride, fear, rationalized avarice, and sanctified misunderstanding. ‘Live,’ Nietzsche says, ‘as though the day were here.’ It is not society that is to guide and save the creative hero, but precisely the reverse. And so, every one of us shares the supreme ordeal––carries the cross of the redeemer––not in the bright moments of his tribe’s great victories, but in the silences of his personal despair.” ~Joseph Campbell 
So, you’ve saved (freed) yourself from the grip of the state. What comes next? Freeing others, of course. But not so fast. Just because you’re free from the state, doesn’t mean the state isn’t still there, rearing its ugly head. It is still there, oppressing and extorting. It is still there, tyrannizing and destroying the planet under the guise of progress. It’s still there, trying to suck you back in. It is still Goliath and you are still David. And just because you recognize statism as tyranny and oppression, doesn’t mean that others do. Remember: most people are devoted statists who don’t even realize they are statists. Yes, the ignorance is that thick. But, I digress… 
You’ve secured your “oxygen mask” on the crashing plane that is the human race. Now it’s time to start helping others to secure their own masks. The problem here is: you can’t control other people. And, really, you don’t want to. You want people to be free, after all. That means you’re going to have to convince them . You’re going to have to be creative. You’re going to have to use your imagination and come up with novel ways to persuade them into being healthy. Yes, sadly it has come to that. The only way to bring health to those who are all-too-well-adjusted to a sick society, is to sell it. 
The real kick in the pants is: most people don’t want to hear what you have to say. People are wrestling with their own cognitive dissonance. People are caught up in their own state driven conditioning and brainwashing. Those cops “serving and protecting” the enforcement of the unhealthy, unsustainable, climate changing (game ender) North Dakota pipeline , are all wrestling with their own cognitive dissonance, conditioning, and brainwashing. They’re simply losing their own inner battle and coming up with the only thing they know: the cowardice and violence of a statist. 
So, it comes down to this: What do we (those who are already free and have their oxygen mask securely fastened) do against the cowardice and violence of the inured statist? We teach. We use our imagination to persuade them away from the unhealthiness of the state and toward the healthiness of freedom. We lead by example, influencing them with our courageous words and our actions. We coax them into freely putting their own oxygen mask on. For we know that volition is paramount if freedom is to be had. Force is the way of the state. Violence is the way of the state. A free human being helping others to be free must never use force or violence, lest they wish to be a tyrant. An authentically free human being wishes other human beings to be just as authentically free. 
But, and here’s the rub, as Oliver Wendell Holmes said, “Your right to waive your fist ends one inch from my nose.” 
This means that when our health and freedom are under attack, we are morally justified to defend ourselves. And so, the most important thing we can do as free people, as individuals who have our oxygen masks securely fastened, is to stand our ground. To protect ourselves. Which, by extension, means protecting that which immediately sustains us: water, and the land that grows our food. The worst thing we can do is back down and play the pacifist. Like Derrick Jensen said, “ Love does not imply pacifism.” The Goliath that is the state will trample all over pacifism. Indeed, the road to an unhealthy, unsustainable, immoral, and violent world is paved with pacifism. It’s paved with people turning a blind eye. It’s paved with the inaction of people who recognized evil and did fuckall with it. 
At the end of the day, Goliath (the state) is going to be Goliath. But Goliath is only Goliath because people believe in it. We dismantle goliath by convincing people not to give into Goliath’s unhealthy and unsustainable song and dance. First, we extract ourselves from being Goliath by transforming ourselves into courageous Davids. Then, we attempt to extract others from being Goliath. And if we cannot, we stand our ground and point out their cowardice and violence as unacceptable. We draw a line in the sand. We stand our ground. We protect our water. We declare, right in the face of the Goliath state, these courageous words by Thoreau : “I was not designed to be forced. I will breathe after my own fashion. Let us see who is the strongest.” Read more articles by Gary ‘Z’ McGee . About the Author 
Gary ‘Z’ McGee , a former Navy Intelligence Specialist turned philosopher, is the author of Birthday Suit of God and The Looking Glass Man . His works are inspired by the great philosophers of the ages and his wide awake view of the modern world. This article ( The Only Way to Save the World is to Save Yourself   Waking Times and is printed here under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Gary ‘Z’ McGee and WakingTimes.com . It may be re-posted freely with proper attribution, author bio, and this statement of copyright. 
 ",0
1812,WATCH: Code Pink Disrupts Launch of Pro-Israel Congressional Caucus: ’Israel Is an Apartheid State!’ - Breitbart,"WASHINGTON, D. C.  —   Two leftist females with the CODEPINK activist organization disrupted the launch of the Middle East Forum’s Israel Victory Project in Congress on Thursday before security removed them from the historic meeting in the Rayburn House Office Building. [The Project on Thursday helped to launch the Congressional Israel Victory Caucus, which seeks to generate new policy ideas for the   peace process.  The Caucus is being led by U. S. Reps. Ron DeSantis ( ) and Bill Johnson ( ).  “Palestinians deserve equal rights,” CODEPINK’s campaign director Ariel Gold said as she removed a sign which had “Free Palestine” written on it from her pink Kipling backpack. “Israel is an apartheid state. It was founded on racism and ethnic cleansing,” Gold said as an officer approached and removed her from the room.  Someone in the crowd shouted “terrorist supporters out! You have no place here. This is a place for freedom and democracy!” This past March, Israeli Envoy to the UN Danny Danon pushed back against false allegations that Israel is an apartheid state. “The attempt to smear and falsely label the only true democracy in the Middle East by creating a false analogy is despicable and constitutes a blatant lie. ” That falsehood is often perpetuated by the left. Gold, who has been arrested in the past for disrupting the peace, donned the same banner to protest Israeli musician and producer Idan Raichel. Hey @idanraichel’s: music us for liberation, not for Israeli occupation pic. twitter.   —   Ariel Gold (@ArielElyseGold) April 26, 2017,  CODEPINK bills itself as supporting “peace and human rights initiatives” and says it’s “against racism, sexism, homophobia, transphobia, classism, ageism, and other forms of oppression and prejudice. ” Ironically, the group is vehemently opposed to the only true democracy in the Middle East: Israel. Israel is the only nation in the region where there is religious freedom for all, women have equal rights, members of the LGBTQ community can live in peace and free from fear of persecution and death, and Arabs, Africans and minority groups who hold citizenship enjoy full rights. This past January, Gold told Breitbart Jerusalem that the organization was planning “audacious and creative, colorful protests” targeting the inauguration of   Donald Trump. ” At the time, Gold said: We always create beautiful disruptions of hatred and violence. And that is what we are committed to as an organization and that is something that we have done from the start. And it is something that we will continue to do. And that is because we support life and health and health care and safety for all human beings. CODEPINK actively promotes the boycott, divestment, and sanctions (BDS) movement which seeks to undermine the State of Israel. Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter.",0
1813,"Like It Or Not, This Election Is A Referendum","Print 
There is a sizeable faction in this country that is disgusted with the choices we have going into the 2016 General Election. While the choices are far from the quality a great nation like the United States deserves, they are what they are. No amount of complaining, abdication of responsibility, or indignation will change this reality. 
But, like it or not, the outcome of this election will affect each and every one of us, and in ways that can never be rectified in our lifetimes, if at all. It is for that reason that this election is a referendum on the issues, not on the candidates. It is also for this reason that it needs to be reiterated – in no uncertain terms – that General Elections are not for electing your favorite candidate. They are for protecting the country from the worst candidate. 
Right now, we have two candidates – arguably not the best the country can offer, who possess two extremely different visions for the country. It is about these differences – exclusively – that we must base our choices come Election Day. Put bluntly, this election isn’t about personalities, capabilities, soundbites or even criminality; it is about issues, and on these issues, we do have choices to make. 
Yes, the names on the ballot give us pause. I will cede that point but offer this rebuttal for your consideration. 
On the one hand, we have a politically untested, braggadocios businessman in Donald Trump who routinely makes statements before he thinks about the consequences of his words. But while many may have their principles insulted by the prospect of casting a vote for such an overt braggart, there is no question that he loves and appreciates the country that has allowed him to be so successful. 
On the other hand, we have Hillary Clinton , a woman who has, but for a very short stint at a private law firm, always lived taking a taxpayer-funded government check. For getting on 30 years this woman has fed off the taxpayer feed trough, advancing her ideological agenda – one tilted to the whims of the Fabian Progressive that she is, admittedly, and establishing and engaging in bureaucratic corruption so extensive that she has been able to parlay her “public service” into an amassed wealth of hundreds of millions of dollars. 
So, in personality and professionally, we have a stark and glaring choice in the people that are on the ballot. One, Trump, has a love of country but no political prowess, the other, Clinton, has decades of inside-the-beltway experience but a deeply seeded desire to “fundamentally transform” the nation from a Constitutional Republic to a Socialist Democracy administered by a Progressive oligarchy. 
Larger than the personalities in this election, however, are two very important and critical issues; issues that these two candidates – as flawed as they are – have decidedly different ideas about. 
We are standing at a moment where we control whether or not the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) remains a binding law or whether it gets repealed. Make no mistake, Hillary Clinton, if elected, will cement this incredibly unconstitutional law into the very fabric of our country for all-time. The only way Obamacare will be abandoned under a Clinton Administration is in deference to the establishment of a full-blown single-payer health insurance system administered by the Federal Government, i.e. nationalized healthcare. 
Donald Trump, on the other hand, has made a cornerstone of his campaign the repeal of Obamacare. He has pledged to destroy the artificial barriers in the marketplace – barriers erected by insurance company-friendly politicians – that keep the free market from allowing competition that would dramatically lower premium costs for everyone. This, as a result – through competition in the free market – would make health insurance affordable for all. 
So, the choice is abundantly clear – unless you are a Socialist or a Marxist – on who has already earned your vote on the issue of Obamacare. Unless you want your health insurance premiums to rise to unaffordability and the quality of your healthcare to take a downturn to that of a Third World country, you need to cast a vote for Donald Trump so that Hillary Clinton doesn’t make Obamacare permanent. 
Then there is the matter of the United States Supreme Court. The direction of the nation, with regard to constitutionalism, hangs in the balance this election. With the next President of the United States most likely getting to nominate three, and possibly four, United States Supreme Court justices, we are at a crossroads as to whether we jettison the Constitution completely or return to being a “nation of laws and not of men,” of which John Adams spoke. 
The US Supreme Court is seated to protect and defend the US Constitution and the Bill of Rights, exclusively. The justices are tasked with ruling on the constitutionality of law, not on the people effected by that law. As   Bill of Rights were crafted to serve all of the people – regardless of race, creed, gender or economic class – serving the Constitution is, by that very act, serving the people. 
Hillary Clinton, in the last debate, spoke of appointing Supreme Court justices who would be empathetic to the people and their causes. She talked of her selections being mindful of the people in the decisions they would be faced with making. She said she envisions a Supreme Court that “stands up on behalf of women’s rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizen’s United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country” and that her nominees would be “in the great tradition of standing up to the powerful, standing up on behalf of our rights as Americans.” 
But none of that – none of it – is what the US Supreme Court is supposed to engage in, as duly noted above. Women, the LGBT community, and even the political process are best served when the Constitution is best served and adequately protected. What Hillary Clinton proposed, in her answer, was to establish an activist special-interest Supreme Court bench that serves entities rather than the Constitution, a document that serves everyone equitably and equally when administered as the Framers intended. 
In incredible and stark contrast, Donald Trump has pledged to nominate justices to the Supreme Court who would interpret the Constitution “the way the Founders wanted it interpreted.” In that short, simple response Trump said what each and every American should want to hear in an answer to that query. He will appoint justices that will serve and protect the Constitution, returning the Supreme Court to the rule of law. 
So, again, unless you are a “social justice” activist with a Fabian Progressive bent, the choice is clear on who should get your vote regarding the issue of the US Supreme Court. Trump wants justices who rule on constitutionality, while Clinton wants justices who rule on a special-interest, social justice agenda. 
In the worst case scenario; should Hillary Clinton win on November 8th, we can be guaranteed of two things. First, Obamacare and its never-ending rate hikes – not to mention the Progressive march to a single-payer health insurance system run exclusively by the Federal Government – will be here forever. Second, the US Supreme Court – and the whole of the federal courts beneath it – will be lost to at least one generation (maybe two) of Progressive-Liberalism; codifying countless new “social justice” laws and mandates onto the American people. 
These are the issues that consume this election. To wit, this election is an ipso facto referendum on Obamacare and the direction of the US Supreme Court, nothing else; no personalities, no crimes, no sex scandals, nothing else. 
This is why there can be no abdication by the American people of their responsibilities to vote. Yes, the candidates may not be the best our nation has to offer, but the issues are more serious than the personality, ethics and knowledge deficits possessed by either. Just because you may hate the choices doesn’t mean the issues become benign. 
While Trump, if he should win, may end up having to surround himself with people more knowledgeable than he on most every matter, that is infinitely better than giving the Oval Office to Hillary Clinton, who has been slated as the “clean-up hitter” in the Progressive fundamental transformation of America. 
It is for that reason that sitting this election out – refusing to vote because of the quality, demeanor, ethics or perceived personality deficits of the candidates – is an exercise of abdication of responsibility; to the country, future generations and the US Constitution. In the end, it is the most selfish thing an American can do at this point in American history. shares",0
1814,Billy Joel on Politics and Trump: Not My Job to ‘Tell People How to Think’,"Rock legend Billy Joel says when it comes to politics, entertainers are “more like court jesters than court philosophers. ”[In a lengthy interview with Rolling Stone, the “Piano Man” crooner said people don’t come to his concerts to hear him preach politics.  “I try to stay out of politics. I am a private citizen and I have a right to believe in my own political point of view, but I try not to get up on a soapbox and tell people how to think,” Joel said. “I’ve been to shows where people start haranguing the audience about what’s going on politically and I’m thinking, ‘You know, this isn’t why I came here,’” the singer explained. “As a matter of fact, one of the biggest cheers of the night comes when we do ‘Piano Man’ and I sing, ‘They know that it’s me that they’re coming to see to forget about life for a while,’ and the audience lets out this huge ‘ahhhh’ and I say, ‘OK, yeah, don’t forget that. ’” The     who’s scored   hits and has toured the world for five decades, did say that he is “still flabbergasted” that Donald Trump won the White House. Joel joins the likes of actor Mark Wahlberg and  Transformers: The Last Knight star Josh Duhamel, who recently told Fox News: “I don’t like to get involved politically at all. Nobody cares what I think politically. ” Joel has a residency at Madison Square Garden, a post he calls the “greatest gig in the world. ” “I’m doing a residency at the world’s greatest arena  —   I mean what’s better than that?” he said. “This is our fourth year and it’s still selling out. I thought it would kind of dissipate. But so far there hasn’t been any indication of that. When there is then we’ll probably stop. ”   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
1815,Voting Machine Shocker: Video Proof Election Is Rigged!,"The Clinton campaign have found a way to rig voting machines in order to commit election fraud, and America is completely clueless. 
Via YourNewsWire 
Dominion Voting Systems, the biggest voting machine owner in the United States, has been Exposed donating to the Clinton Foundation, and has close ties to George Soros.
In 2010 Dominion Voting Machines bought out the right to own the machines in 600 jurisdictions across 22 different states, according to Wikipedia.

The same company, Dominion Voting, has also been exposed donating enough money to the Clinton Foundation to make it to their online donor list. Is it any wonder voters have already started reporting that some machines are flipping their votes?
How blatant is that! Just take a look at the Clinton Foundation’s website itself.

Wow. That is just such a strange coincidence, don’t you think? Right around the same time Hillary Clinton was deciding to retire as Secretary of State and focus on her campaign, this company bought out half the voting machines in the country. And if that is not bad enough, one of the top owners of Dominion Voting is none other than the king of corruption himself, George Soros.
But it gets even worse. 
Dominion Voting Systems and The Clinton Foundation did a 2.25 million dollar charity initiative in developing nations together called the DELIAN Project.
“In 2014, Dominion Voting committed to providing emerging and post-conflict democracies with access to voting technology through its philanthropic support to the DELIAN Project, as many emerging democracies suffer from post-electoral violence due to the delay in the publishing of election results. Over the next three years, Dominion Voting will support election technology pilots with donated Automated Voting Machines (AVM), providing an improved electoral process, and therefore safer elections.”
This presents a very troubling conflict of interest. Most Americans would certainly agree that voting machines should have zero connection to presidential candidates and their foundations.
As we previously reported , the Democratic primaries were essentially rigged. So why wouldn’t the general U.S. election potentially be manipulated in favor of the elite’s preferred candidate? If you think this is as important of information as I do, then share this out immediately. Time is of the essence.
",0
1816,Hacksaw Ridge: Steadfast Love Amidst the Horrors of War,"Hacksaw Ridge: Steadfast Love Amidst the Horrors of War Written by Michael E. Telzrow Email 
Mel Gibson's directorial comeback effort, Hacksaw Ridge , plays fast and loose with the facts — but by no means all of the facts — surrounding the wartime exploits of conscientious objector, and devout Seventh Day Adventist, Desmond Doss. While Gibson's story can be faulted for taking some major liberties with Doss' life, in particular the portrayal of his father as a bitter, abusive WWI veteran, as well as the facts surrounding the Army's effort to discharge Doss for refusing to carry a rifle, it hits the mark in its portrayal of Doss' love of God and his fellow man. In some ways, this is not a war movie, but rather a love story with the Sixth Commandment as the guiding principle of Doss' convictions. 
Andrew Garfield plays Doss close to perfection. His portrayal of the humble Virginian captures Doss' love for his beloved wife Dorothy, played by Teresa Palmer, and his unshakeable resolve to never take a human life. The latter of which lands Doss in hot water with military authorities and his fellow soldiers of the 77th Infantry Division. Although threatened with court-martial, and subject to discharge on psychological grounds, Garfield was successful in convincing a reluctant battalion commander to let him stay in the army as a company aid man. Therefore, the dramatic court-martial scene in movie never actually occurred. 
Garfield conveys a carefully nuanced blend of humility and genuine charity for his fellow soldiers without coming off as false, or weak. Although a pacifist, there was nothing cowardly or impotent about Doss. He clearly found strength in his beliefs and in the Bible, and Garfield effectively portrays the depth of Doss' religious beliefs with respect and believability. 
The battle scenes, although embellished and fictionalized to some extent, are typical of Gibson's approach. Slow-motion close ups, and the liberal use of blood and gore, although verging on the cartoonish, accurately portray the ferocity of the war in the Pacific, and the type of warfare that characterized the last days of the Japanese Empire. One inaccuracy, however, cannot be ignored. Gibson implies that the men of Doss' regiment and division were not battle tested by the time they arrived at the terrible battle for Okinawa. The scene unfolds with what appears to be a wide-eyed and untested 77th Division watching remnants of the 96th Division moving to the rear after a hard fight for the Maeda Escarpment (Hacksaw Ridge). In reality, Doss and the men of the 307th Regiment, 77th Division had already seen significant action at Guam and Leyte Gulf. In fact, Doss had already demonstrated his propensity to put other lives above his own by repeatedly rescuing men from the front, while under fire. For his efforts at Guam and Leyte Gulf, he was awarded the Bronze Star with Oak Leaf Cluster. So, by the time he reached Okinawa, Doss had already won the respect of his formerly resentful comrades. 
Gibson's portrayal of the battle for the Maeda Escarpment contains a series of embellishments, some more puzzling than others. In one instance, he curiously fictionalized Doss' wounding, messes with the timeline, and leaves out a poignant moment where Doss vacates his place on a stretcher for a more critically wounded soldier. In that one act, Doss' true love for his fellow man is illustrated with clarity and strength. One has to wonder why Gibson omitted such a powerful event. Other embellishments and inaccuracies are hardly worth mentioning, largely because they do not detract from the message of the film. The portrayal of Doss going from wounded man to wounded man, and lowering them down the face of the escarpment is the stuff of movies — but in this case it actually happened! Garfield plays the part effectively, and Gibson's dark palette of the blood stained battlefield adds to the tension. Although Doss' exploits are courageous, there is no glorification of the killing of hundreds of men on the escarpment. 
The cinematic portrayal of Doss' comrades is fairly typical. We see the usual suspects — rough kids from the metropolitan areas of the eastern seaboard, a few oddballs, and the humble recruit thrown together in the barracks. In this case there is some truth to the old stereotype. Doss did experience some serious hazing from a small group of soldiers who resented his adherence to Seventh Day Adventist doctrine and his pacifist convictions. But, he also had friends who accepted his desire to serve as a company aid man. In general, despite some rather bizarre characterizations, Gibson treats the soldiers with respect. This is never more apparent than in the battle scenes where we see soldiers laying their lives down for one another. 
Ultimately, Gibson has created both a love story, and a film that shows the brutal realities of the saddest activity that man may engage in. The juxtaposition of Doss' pure and steadfast love and his Christian convictions stands in stark contrast to the brutality and anarchy of the battlefield. In the end, perhaps Gibson has given us an anti-war love story that illustrates the strength of Christian conviction. 
Related article: 
Desmond Doss: His Only Weapon Was His Conscience  ",0
1817,Donald Trump on Obamacare: ‘It Will Be Repeal and Replace’ - Breitbart,"  Donald Trump says his administration will put forward a plan to repeal and replace Obamacare very soon. [“We’re going to do repeal and replace,” he said. “Very complicated stuff. And we’re going to get a health bill passed we’re going to get health care taken care of in this country. ”  “You’re going to be very, very proud as not only the media and reporters, you’re going to be very proud of what we put forth having to do with health care,” Trump said to reporters during a press conference. He adds: Obamacare is a complete and total disaster. They can say what they want. They can guide you any way they want to guide you, and, in some cases, they guide you incorrectly. In most cases, you realize what’s happened  —   it’s imploding. As we said, some states have over a hundred percent increase, and ‘17  —   and I said this two years ago  —   ’17 is going to be the bad year. It’s going to be catastrophic. Trump said that while politically his team could “sit back, and wait, and watch, and criticize, and we could be a Chuck Schumer and sit back and criticize it,” but ultimately, “it wouldn’t be fair to the people. ” “We don’t want to own it, politically,” he said. “They own it right now. So the easiest thing would be to let it implode in ’17 and, believe me, we’d get pretty much whatever we wanted, but it would take a long time. ” Trump said that, as soon as Rep. Tom Price is approved as the next secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services, his administration would be submitting, “essentially simultaneously,” a proposal to repeal and replace. Trump said Obamacare’s deductibles are “so high” that “people go broke paying their premiums which are going through the roof. ” “Obamacare is the Democrats’ problem,” he said. “We’re going to take the problem off the shelves for them. We’re doing them a tremendous service by doing it. We could sit back and let them hang with it. We are doing the Democrats a great service. ” “We’re going to have a health care that is far less expensive and far better,” he added.",0
1818,6 Natural Remedies that will help you get rid of blackheads quickly,"Keywords: beauty , blackheads , blackheads treatments , How to get rid of blackheads , natural cures for blackheads , Remove Blackheads 
Blackheads are an annoying skin problem that you probably want to get rid immediately as possible. These small ugly bumps caused by clogged pores are a mild form of acne. Blackheads are most noticeable on the face, particularly around the nose. They can also appear on other parts of the body, such as the chest, shoulders, arms, and back. This skin problem is most common in pre-menstrual women and teens. Luckily, this type of acne is very easy to treat you can even use home treatments to remove blackheads. Home remedies for blackheads are very affordable, safe and effective. They do not contain any harmful chemicals that can cause skin irritation or drying of the skin. Additionally, they are easy to make by yourself. Say goodbye to blackheads for good with this 6 natural remedies that will help you eliminate blackheads quickly and easily 
Honey 
Honey has antiseptic and antibacterial properties that help get rid of blackheads by completely destroying impurities or germs that clog pores. Honey is also a natural antibiotic that helps tighten, hydrate and remove dirt from skin pores to clear blackheads. However, if you are allergic or sensitive to honey, try to use other suggested natural remedies to avoid reactions on your skin. This remedy is more effective as an overnight treatment of blackheads. 
Egg whites 
Egg whites are rich in albumin and proteins that offer many benefits to the skin, such as providing skin toning properties and promoting wrinkle-free skin. Egg whites are great for oily skin because of its ability to minimize pores and tighten skin. Furthermore, it can completely remove blackheads and reduce the chances of their re-occurrence by drawing out sebum and pulling out any dirt or germs stuck inside the pores. 
Oatmeal 
Oatmeal is rich in nutrients making it a popular breakfast cereal. Additionally, it is widely used as a safe and effective natural remedy for several skin conditions, such as sensitive or irritated skin and blackheads. This grain has exfoliating properties, anti-inflammatory properties, and antioxidants to help soothe irritation, remove dead skin cells, and soak up excess oils. It is also a gentle natural cleanser that clarifies the skin complexion and loosens clogged pores that cause blackheads. For maximum results, try applying this remedy more than once a day. 
Baking Soda 
Baking soda contains antiseptic properties making it a great product for your skin. It works as an exfoliant to remove dead skin cells, leaving your skin smooth and soft. With baking soda, you are guaranteed flawless skin with no blackheads. This natural remedy also removes excess oil from your skin while encouraging the skin to produce small amounts of oil at the same time. In addition, baking soda can help neutralize the pH of the skin to completely remove blackheads with regular use. Repeating this remedy at least once or twice a week will quicken the removal of debris from pores thereby stopping clogging that result in blackheads. 
Lemon Juice 
Lemon juice has citric acid and AHA, alpha-hydroxy acid, which are functional in removing dead skin and stopping clogged pores due to their natural astringent properties. Lemon juice also contains vitamin C that stimulates the production of collagen to help reduce scarring from acne and improve skin health through blackhead removal. Vitamin C is a natural antioxidant. This lemon juice remedy should be used only once a day to avoid irritation of the skin. 
Cinnamon 
Cinnamon has antibacterial properties that are suitable for making aromatic face masks that offer a wide range of skin benefits particularly the removal of annoying blackheads. This spice can help eliminate acne and flaky skin and can also be used to scrub the body for a smoother and more glowing complexion. This natural remedy works great when combined with honey. 
Apart from these six suggested natural remedies, you can also try out other effective home treatments, such as green tea, turmeric powder, Epsom salt, and sugar. These home remedies have been proved to be safe and effective in treating most skin problems compared to other chemical treatments that are not good nor safe for your skin. It is recommended that you visit a dermatologist if these remedies are not effective in getting rid of your blackheads. You might also like…",0
1819,"Trump’s Victory — ‘Take that, you bastards!’","Other Writers By STEVE HENDRICKS Most Trump supporters are not monsters. They just wanted to give the “liberal elites”—or the Establishment—the middle finger. ‘Take that, you bastards!’ 
As the articles rain down from liberals explaining how Trump won his astonishing, appalling plurality, we can at least give thanks that we’re spared the canard that all of his supporters are racists, xenophobes, and misogynists. Neo-Blackshirts, of course, make up a frighteningly large share (sixty percent? seventy? eighty?) of his supporters, but thanks to months of Brexit analysis and now days of exit interviews here at home, it’s clear that a great many Trump voters aren’t monsters. They merely voted with the monsters because they saw no other way to give the establishment a proud, powerful middle finger. 
The non-monstrous supporters of Trump mystify liberals. How could people who are not depraved, people who have a measure of decency, choose to align themselves with America’s Mussolini and his hordes, no matter how deep and well-placed their grievances against neoliberalism, greed, and corruption, which is to say grievances against Clintonism? 
This liberal bewilderment bewilders me. 
One dear friend in particular comes to mind—a brilliant fortysomething progressive of uncommonly sound judgment who voted for Ms. Bombalot. My friend was not among the liberal dupes who saw in Clinton a pantsuit paladin. She knew, for instance, that Hillary was the supreme embodiment of the American killing machine, a cowboy Crusader who, in the words of rightwing blowhard “Morning Joe” Scarborough, was “the neocon’s neocon. . . . more of a sabre-rattler and more of a neocon than” any of the Republicans contenders for Slayer-in-Chief. 
My friend knew that not only did Clinton lustily back the wars that killed hundreds of thousands in Iraq and Afghanistan but that she also bayed for expanding the slaughter years after anyone with a few neurons or a hint of morality knew we should get our troops the hell out of there. My friend has expounded with eloquence on the idiocy of Clinton’s push for imperial adventures in Syria, Lybia, and beyond, and she speaks just as fluently about the big fat kiss that Clinton slobbered all over the brutal right wingers who overthrew the elected government of Honduras. 
Matters domestic outrage my friend no less. 
Hillary’s role in the awesome expansion of our Orwellian surveillance state is a horror to her, as is her incomparable whoring for big banks and fat cats. (I use the word “whoring” androgynously: Clinton is outdone in financial hooking only by our current POTUS, the Prostitute of the United States.) Then there is Hillary’s stalwart opposition to the Fight for $15, to Medicare for All, to forgiveness of college debt, to free tuition, and, companion to these, her ruthless despoliation of the working class via free-trade agreements (so called, of course, because they make labor free for the industrialists who own our country). 
The long memory of my friend holds a special place for Clinton’s support of her husband’s ravaging of black America—the punitive drug sentences, the broader war on crime, the evisceration of welfare. Nor has she forgotten Hillary’s ridicule of the women who accused her sweet Willy not merely of serial philandering but of sexual harassment. (Do you recall Hillary’s charming comments about, say, Gennifer Flowers: “trailer trash,” “I would crucify her”?) Few liberals could tell you, but my friend could, that as senator, Clinton herself once voted to wall off the better part of 1,000 miles of our southern border and that she declared herself “adamantly against illegal immigrants.” And my friend has been near tears when holding forth on the greatest issue of our time, the devastation of our climate, on which Clinton has proven herself a vandal—leading the sabotage of our last best chance, at Copenhagen, to mitigate our climactic disaster, nestling ever deeper into the cozy pocket of Big Oil, from which she peeks out now and again to ferociously defend the interests of the oilmen, the fracking barons, and the oil-soaked sheikhs who’ve lavished her with money—rapists and pillagers all, Kochs in all but name. And yet, knowing all this, my friend still voted for Clinton. 
She sympathized with the argument that the only chance for the Left to rise again is to kill off the rightwing imposter called the Democratic Party and replace it with a leftist party, perhaps a reincarnated Democratic Party, perhaps something else altogether. She saw the logic of denying Clinton her vote and giving it, as I urged, to Jill Stein or another protest candidate. But she could not abide throwing the election to Trump and so aligned herself with someone she knew to be vile on most issues of importance but who might once in a while do good on a few big issues like abortion and other women’s rights. Millions of nose-holding liberals made the same choice Tuesday. 
Why then is it a mystery to them that other decent-ish people, people with no more hate in their hearts than the rest of us, allied themselves with foul Trump? Is it so hard to see in these members of the Trump Nation the other side of the same coin, voters who swung to a different brute because Clinton was more dreadful on issues of importance to them? 
The stocker at Safeway may loathe Trump’s vilification of Latinos, Muslims, women, and on and on, but it was Hillary, not Donald, who shipped his $60,000 unionized factory job to Juárez. For that matter, although she has no vote, try convincing the Pakistani mother whose child was murdered by a Clinton-backed drone that Trump is worse because he wants to ban Muslims from America. 
The prescription for understanding how non-racist, non-sexist, non-xenophobic men and women—women, for Christ’s sake—made themselves Trump’s willing executioners, is simple: 
LIBERAL, KNOW THYSELF!",0
1820,These Blast Points on Hillary’s Campaign… Only The Deep State Is So Precise,"
The Deep State’s most prescient elements must derail Hillary’s campaign to clear a path to Trump’s executive team. 
Back in August, I asked Could the Deep State Be Sabotaging Hillary? I think we now have a definitive answer: “These blast points on Hillary’s campaign… too accurate for the Mainstream Media. Only the forces of the Imperial Deep State are so precise.”

The Mainstream Media is presenting the FBI investigation as a “lose-lose” situation for embattled FBI Director Comey. If Comey remained quiet until after the election, he would be accused of colluding with the Clinton campaign and its allies in the Department of Justice (sic).
But in going public, he stands accused by Democrats of “intervening in an election,” i.e. raising doubts about Hillary’s judgement and veracity days before Americans go to the polls.
Another narrative has Comey’s hand forced by the threat of disgusted FBI agents leaking information that would show the FBI caved into political pressure from the Democratic Party and Clinton campaign to keep relevant material out of the public eye until after the election.
I submit another much more powerful dynamic is in play: the upper ranks of the Deep State now view Hillary as an unacceptable liability. The word came down to Comey to act whether he wanted to or not, i.e. take one for the good of the nation/Deep State/Imperial Project.
As a refresher: the Deep State is the unelected government (also called the invisible or shadow government) that is not as monolithic as generally assumed.
The neo-conservative globalists who want Hillary to continue pushing their agenda are the more visible camp, but another less visible but highly motivated camp realizes Hillary and her neo-con agenda would severely damage the nation’s security and its global influence. It is this camp that is arranging for Hillary to lose.
The consensus view seems to be that the Establishment and the Deep State see Trump as a loose cannon who might upset the neo-con apple cart by refusing to toe the neo-con line.
This view overlooks the reality that significant segments of the Deep State view the neo-con strategy as an irredeemable failure. To these elements of the Deep State, Hillary is a threat precisely because she embraces the failed neo-con strategy and those who cling to it. From this point of view, Hillary as president would be an unmitigated disaster for the Deep State and the nation/Imperial Project it governs.
Whatever else emerges from the emails being leaked or officially released, one conclusion is inescapable: Hillary’s judgement is hopelessly flawed. Combine her lack of judgement with her 24 years of accumulated baggage and her potential to push the neo-con agenda to the point of global disaster, and you get a potent need for the Deep State’s most prescient elements to derail her campaign and clear a path to Trump’s executive team.
Once this path is clear, the management of Trump’s executive team can begin in earnest, a management process aimed at disengaging the nation and its global Empire from neo-con overreach.
If you think this scenario is “impossible,” let’s see how the election plays out before deciding what’s “impossible” and what’s inevitable. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Charles Hugh Smith of Of Two Minds . ",0
1821,San Francisco Torn as Some See ‘Street Behavior’ Worsen - The New York Times,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   From her apartment at the foot of the celebrated zigzags of Lombard Street, Judith Calson has twice peered out her window as thieves smashed their way into cars and snatched whatever they could. She has seen foreign tourists cry after cash and passports were stolen. She shudders when she recounts the story of the Thai tourist who was shot because he resisted thieves taking his camera. And that is her tally from the last year alone. “I never thought of this area as a   neighborhood,” Ms. Calson, a retired photographer, said of this leafy part of the city, where tourists flock to view the steeply sloped, crooked street adorned with flower beds. San Francisco, America’s boom town, is flooded with the cash of   technology workers and record numbers of tourists. At the same time, the city has seen a sharp jump in property crime, up more than 60 percent since 2010, though the actual increase may be higher because many of the crimes go unreported. Recent data from the F. B. I. show that San Francisco has the highest   property crime rate of the nation’s top 50 cities. About half the cases here are thefts from vehicles,    that scatter glittering broken glass onto the sidewalks. The city, known for a political tradition of empathy for the downtrodden, is now divided over whether to respond with more muscular law enforcement or stick to its forgiving attitudes. The Chamber of Commerce and the tourist board are calling for harsher measures to improve what is euphemistically called the “condition of the streets,” a term that encompasses the intractable homeless problem, public intravenous drug use, the large population of mentally ill people on the streets and aggressive panhandling. The chamber recently released the results of an opinion poll that showed that homelessness and “street behavior” were the primary concerns of residents here. “We are the wealthiest big city in the wealthiest state in the wealthiest country in the world, and we have this situation on our streets,” said Joe D’Alessandro, the chief executive of San Francisco Travel, a tourism organization. “People believe that everyone has the right to be on the streets. However, I think there is a tolerance limit to bad behavior. ” Visitors come to bask in the Mediterranean climate, stroll through the charming streets and marvel at the sweeping views of the bay and the Pacific. But alongside those views are tent encampments on sidewalks and   homeless people in front of some of the most expensive real estate in America. The divided opinions on how to handle the problems are evident among members of the Board of Supervisors. Scott Wiener, a supervisor and an advocate for more aggressive law enforcement, said his constituents were urging him to act. “I can’t tell you the number of times where I have received emails from moms saying, ‘My kids just asked me why that man has a syringe sticking out of his arm,’ ” he said. “San Francisco at times is a   zone,” Mr. Wiener said. “I’m not advocating extreme law and order, but there has to be consequences. Sometimes people might need to spend six months in jail to think about what they did. ” In a bitterly contested    vote last year, Mr. Wiener led the passage of a measure adding several hundred officers to the city’s police force, the first increase since the 1980s, when the population was over 10 percent smaller. On the other side is David Campos, a supervisor who opposes the increase in police officers and describes Mr. Wiener’s views as “a very   kind of punitive approach that is ineffective and inconsistent with the values of San Francisco. ” Mr. Campos and many others evoke the charitable spirit of the city’s namesake, St. Francis. “We are not going to criminalize people for being poor,” he said. “That criminalization is only going to make it harder for them to get out of poverty. ” San Francisco’s liberal ethos, Mr. Campos said, was changing as the city focused more on business and the needs of the tech industry. “I think there has been a shift in the people who have come to San Francisco,” Mr. Campos said of the city’s new arrivals, a group that is well educated and well heeled. He deplores what he describes as a growing “  ”   ideology that stands in contrast to the city’s traditions. “I don’t know which San Francisco will prevail,” he said. At TLC Glass, a repair shop on the edge of San Francisco’s business district, the more prosaic consequences of the rise in car   are on display. Customers regularly file in to repair car windows that have been smashed by thieves. “Every day we are full,” the shop’s owner, Louie Chen, said. One customer came in four times in six weeks. A customer who came to have a broken window fixed, Dan   showed San Franciscan forgiveness. He said he felt sorry for whoever broke a window of his   BMW twice, stealing his gym bag both times. “I have a lot of sympathy for folks who are in need in the city,” Mr.   said. “This has become an extremely expensive city to live in. The divide between those who have and those who don’t is ridiculously ginormous. ” The people who commit the property crimes come from a variety of backgrounds, said Albie Esparza, a spokesman for the San Francisco Police Department. “Some are homeless, some are in gangs, some are freelancers up to no good,” he said. People are rarely caught. “The problem with auto   is that they happen so quickly, just a few seconds,” Mr. Esparza said. “Before anyone can do anything about it, they are long gone. ” Violent crime has increased 18 percent since 2010, but the city has a low murder rate relative to other large American cities. Police are barred by city ordinance from installing surveillance cameras that are commonly found in other cities, a restriction that even Mr. Wiener said he did not want changed. Ms. Calson, the retired photographer, said she offered to let the police mount a surveillance camera outside her Lombard Street apartment. The car   happen so quickly that she has not been able photograph the perpetrators. On Wednesday, another car was broken into below her window. A woman who was dropping off her daughter at a day care center had parked for 10 minutes and returned to find her window smashed and her purse gone. “It’s just insane,” Ms. Calson said. “On and on and on it goes. ”",0
1822,"Kazakh Capital, a Post-Soviet Creation, Is Growing Real Roots - The New York Times","ASTANA, Kazakhstan  —   The Astana Opera towers over a windswept plaza in this capital on the Central Asian steppe, a   of Moscow’s neoclassical Bolshoi Theater, right down to the sculpture of galloping horses on the roof. Across a broad avenue stands the tilted, irregular cone of Khan Shatyr, a shopping mall designed as the world’s largest tent. Its roof is supported by a single slanting pole to evoke the nomadic history of the Kazakhs, a Turkic ethnic group slowly reasserting its identity after centuries of Russian rule. In between stands a fanciful construction all Astana’s own: one of the “ice cities” that dot the freezing capital in winter. Children scoot down ice slides, and at night, ice sculptures glow with   lights. Since the fall of the Soviet Union made Kazakhstan an independent state in 1991, it has been cultivating relationships with Russia, its longtime hegemon, and Turkey, which invested early in the new nation and shares some of its cultural roots. It’s easy to see why Astana was Russia’s choice to host a new track of Syrian peace talks this year. Convening talks five time zones east of Geneva  —   where talks have been sputtering along without progress for years  —   underscored what Russia’s president, Vladimir V. Putin, described recently as a desire for a “ ” international order. Astana also represents the success of Kazakhstan’s leader, Nursultan Nazarbayev, in managing Moscow. The country’s only president since independence  —   elected five times with 97. 5 percent of the vote  —   Mr. Nazarbayev has created a kind of “authoritarian lite” system that has more in common with the strongman rule in Russia, and increasingly in Turkey, than with Europe. He has sought to strike a balance between accommodating Russian power and pushing back, and Kazakhstan has avoided the territorial disputes with Russia and the ethnic and religious conflicts that have plagued other   states. “We don’t have such problems,” said Abzal Abdiev, 25, who gave me and two friends an amateur tour of Astana, pointing out the sights with evident pride. The city’s very existence embodies the anxious,   dance between Moscow and the mostly Muslim regions that line Russia’s southern periphery, from the states and semiautonomous republics of the Caucasus region north of Turkey all the way to Kazakhstan’s eastern tip, farther east than Kathmandu. When I first visited Kazakhstan in 1993, Astana did not exist. I was sent by my editor at The Moscow Times to buttonhole Mr. Nazarbayev at a   for a power plant in the country’s remote north, near the Russian border. A Russian nationalist parliamentarian, Vladimir Zhirinovsky, had been calling for Russia to seize back the mostly ethnically Russian area, where he was born. Mr. Nazarbayev brushed off the threat Russia was weakened then, and any such move was unlikely. But a few months later, he decreed that the capital would move from Almaty  —   the country’s largest city, in the more populous, more ethnically Kazakh south  —   to the northern steppe. The move demonstrated power and ambition, but also placed a marker on the map, shoring up Kazakhstan’s possession of the area. Astana was built in a hurry, by renaming and augmenting a provincial town called Akmola (in the Soviet era, Tselinograd). Mr. Nazarbayev was turning Kazakhstan into a   consequential state, winning vast Caspian Sea gas fields in negotiations with Russia and cultivating global approval by giving up Soviet nuclear weapons left on his territory. He recruited famous international architects like Norman Foster to dot Astana with structures of his own conception, like a tower with a gilded globe evoking a golden egg from Kazakh legend. More than one public building has an imprint of his palm where citizens place their hands for good luck. Today, Astana is sometimes nicknamed the “Dubai of the North,” bustling with business travelers and offering tourists and residents indoor entertainment in forbidding weather. Its answer to steamy Dubai’s indoor ski slope is a beach club, complete with sand, on the top level of the Khan Shatyr mall. When he dreamed up the city, Mr. Nazarbayev had been dealt a potentially explosive challenge: The population was about evenly divided between ethnic Russians, many unenthusiastic about suddenly being citizens of Kazakhstan, and Kazakhs, estranged by Soviet rule from their language and from an Islamic tradition layered on older shamanism. Astana hints at his approach to the problem. Mr. Nazarbayev has sought to forge a national identity separate from Russia but not too exclusive of Russians, now a large minority. And he has led a restoration of Kazakh and Islamic identity, embedded firmly in   moderation  —   with a dose of a personality cult. The National Museum greets visitors with a   portrait of Mr. Nazarbayev decked in medals and flanked with murals from Kazakh history. Exhibits highlight Kazakh crafts and horsemanship, battles with czarist Russia, proud moments in Soviet history (the space program, the World War II victory). But they also document hunger and privation in a prison camp for dissidents’ wives and children where Astana now stands. Mr. Abdiev, our guide, was born a year after independence, but his elders, he said, remember Soviet days as “bad times,” when food was rationed and “you couldn’t get good shoes. ” Things are better now, he said, pointing out   toy stores, affordable Turkish clothing shops, modest but sturdy apartment blocks, glassy luxury towers and a CrossFit Astana. Mr. Abdiev grew up in an agricultural area farther south, training colts and riding bareback his family, ethnic Kazakhs, raised horses for riding and meat, the national delicacy. His early playmates, he said, were Russian neighbors, and all the children spoke both languages. In the Hazrat Sultan Mosque, the largest in Central Asia, detailed instructions on how to pray are written in Kazakh  —   though not Russian  —   for people still learning the religion, pointing them to Muslim. Kz for more information. Its soaring dome and intricate decoration are reminiscent of Istanbul’s Blue Mosque, but with lighter blues  —   recalling the turquoise of the Kazakh flag. Kazakh officials often sound themes of religious coexistence and moderate Islam, which is reassuring to neighboring Russia, home to 20 million Muslims. Mr. Putin recently noted that 4, 000 Russian citizens and 5, 000 citizens of other   states had joined Islamist insurgents in Syria, a concern cited as one reason for Russia’s intervention there. Mr. Nazarbayev has promised political reforms to bring in a new, less powerful president. Still, Kazakhstan falls short of democracy and good governance, ranking poorly in indexes of corruption and press freedom. In smaller, less favored towns, conditions can be far worse, with rickety infrastructure and coal pollution. For now, Astana, an artificially created city, is growing some roots of a real one. At the Astana Opera one night, the gilded and red velvet hall was packed. Latecomers skittered across the marble floor to avoid missing the curtain. Dancers, mostly Kazakh but also from other former Soviet republics, performed excerpts from Russian classical ballets. Posters advertised newer productions based on Kazakh folk tales. At intermission, patrons sported clothing as stylish as any in Moscow. Couples posed with mannequins in costumes designed for classic Russian operas and ballets but featuring Central Asian fabrics, hats and jewelry. Little girls twirled like ballerinas. Asked why he was driving a cab in subzero Astana instead of raising horses down south, Mr. Abdiev, the guide, answered like any young fortune seeker. “Well,” he said simply, “it’s the capital. ”",0
1823,Is ‘Westworld’ HBO’s Next Big Hit? - The New York Times,"On the morning they finished shooting the pilot for “Westworld,” the married showrunners Jonathan Nolan and Lisa Joy commandeered a golf cart and went for a drive around Sweetwater, the Old West town they built for the show on Gene Autry’s former ranch studio in Santa Clarita, Calif. “The sun filtered through everything, and it was this beautiful moment,” Ms. Joy recalled recently. “For once, there was nowhere to rush, the pages were shot. We rode through that town together, and we were done with this massive endeavor. ” In fact, they were just getting started. Still to come were nine more episodes of this audacious   western production delays that would cast doubt on the show’s future and, as its Sunday, Oct. 2, premiere date was finally announced, the pressure of reviving HBO’s drama slate as “Game of Thrones,” another   epic with lots of violence and naked people, enters its twilight. Based on the 1973 Michael Crichton film, “Westworld” is about a dark Disneyland where the wealthy can wallow in incredibly lifelike Old West fantasy, shooting or sleeping with whomever they choose. The objects of their depredations are humanoid robot “hosts” who believe themselves to be actual gunslingers, brothel madams and ranchers’ daughters. That is until flickers of memory and insight threaten to reveal that the hosts were actually built by   scientists, a programmer explains, to “gratify the desires of the people who pay to visit your world. ” Myriad awakenings, reckonings and complex existential conflicts ensue. The series is the result of a longtime fascination with the film by J. J. Abrams, a creator of “Lost,” the director of “Star Wars: The Force Awakens” and the executive producer who hired Mr. Nolan and Ms. Joy to reimagine the story. A show of imposing sweep, thorny philosophical quandaries and an impressive cast including Anthony Hopkins, Ed Harris, Thandie Newton, Jeffrey Wright and Evan Rachel Wood, it is also HBO’s most visually ambitious offering since “Game of Thrones,” a global hit that remains the network’s last successful drama, even though it debuted in 2011. HBO doesn’t expect “Game of Thrones”  ratings (the most recent season finale drew 8. 9 million viewers) but it hopes “Westworld” can end a   slide defined by   curiosities like “The Leftovers” and expensive failures like “Vinyl,” the 1970s music business show that was canceled in June after its first season. While     like this summer’s “The Night Of” have done well for HBO, “what we need is an ongoing drama series,” said Casey Bloys, the network’s president for programming. Up to now, however, “Westworld” has been cast as an ongoing drama of another kind, dogged by delays and the occasional   casting notice. HBO originally said “Westworld” would debut in 2015, and a production shutdown last November, in particular, raised speculation that the showrunners had bitten off more than they could chew. While this was at least temporarily true  —   the producers realized they needed to stop shooting to focus on finishing the scripts  —   the metanarrative of “Westworld” as a troubled production threatened to overtake the actual storytelling. (HBO never considered pulling the plug, Mr. Bloys said.) “Because there’s so much mystery surrounding the show and because it seems so ambitious, it’s probably easy for people to assume it’s just a disaster,” said Ms. Wood, who plays an increasingly skeptical host named Delores. “But I think they’ll be pleasantly surprised. ” Early reviews have been mostly raves, praising the transportive quality and sophisticated themes about human nature and consciousness. And the performances, especially from Ms. Wood, Mr. Hopkins as the possibly malevolent mastermind Dr. Robert Ford and Ms. Newton as the madam Maeve, are nuanced and layered. “The show has taken a premise that could be seen as sort of primitive and simply about revenge and explored it on an emotionally complex level,” Mr. Abrams said. He had been pondering a “Westworld” reboot off and on since discussing the concept more than 20 years ago with Crichton, who died in 2008. But Mr. Nolan, who goes by Jonah, and Ms. Joy weren’t interested in taking on big television projects in 2013, when Mr. Abrams proposed reimagining it as a cable drama. Mr. Nolan, who had worked on films like “Interstellar,” “The Dark Knight Rises” and “Memento” with his brother Christopher before creating the CBS series “Person of Interest,” hoped to direct feature films. Ms. Joy, who wrote for shows like “Burn Notice” and “Pushing Daisies,” was developing a movie version of “Battlestar Galactica. ” Ultimately, they were drawn in by the chance to explore issues surrounding artificial intelligence and “the idea that humans are getting ever better at immersing themselves in their narrative fictions,” Mr. Nolan said. While the movie “Westworld” was a campy predecessor to the “Terminator” movies as well as Crichton’s more successful “Jurassic Park”  —   with Yul Brynner’s   gunfighter in the inexorable predator role later filled by terminators and velociraptors  —   the series takes its cues from headier   like “Blade Runner” and “Ex Machina. ” It flips the main perspective of Crichton’s story, and thus viewers’ sympathies, from the human guests to the robot hosts. And it poses provocative questions about the depths to which humans will sink when there aren’t consequences. In “Westworld,” generally it’s the people, not the robots, who are the monsters an early scene finds an Old West bro shooting an android cowboy in the back of the head for sport and exclaiming, “Now that’s a [expletive] vacation!” In the most explicit inversion of the source material, Brynner’s mechanical outlaw is now a veteran Westworld tourist with a taste for cruelty and a mysterious agenda. He is played by Ed Harris in his first substantial series television role. “It was Jonah and Lisa’s commitment and passion for their idea that kind of sold me on it,” he said. “They’re using the future of artificial intelligence to explore the nature of what makes us who we are. ” Other actors were drawn by expansive roles  —   “I got be to a cowboy and a robot at the same time!“ Ms. Wood recalled with glee  —   that gave primacy to characters most westerns leave on the margins, like the madam or the frontier girl next door. “If this wasn’t an empowering role for women, it was going to be a major problem,” Ms. Newton said. “Because I’m nude for so much of the film. ” Ah yes, the nudity. As suggested by the trailers, it is abundant, and it became a flash point during the production when a “Westworld” casting notice informed   extras that they may be required “to perform    touching” or “pose on all fours while others who are fully nude ride on your back,” among other indignities. HBO disavowed the notice, saying it was never requested by the producers. (  the actors guild, protested at the time, but a spokeswoman confirmed that it received no complaints from members about the shoot.) In general, the nudity is more clinical than titillating, mostly relegated to the gloomy laboratories as well as the trailers. “The sex and violence is easy to market, but it’s not the stuff that’s very interesting,” Mr. Abrams said. Given the uproar over sexual violence on HBO shows like “Game of Thrones,” the most controversial scene in the pilot is likely to be an implied rape that happens offscreen. But those involved with “Westworld” defend it as a key, and   part of the narrative. “The cost of such actions is something these guys take incredibly seriously,” Ms. Newton said. Ms. Joy and Mr. Nolan met at the premiere for “Memento,” the 2001 indie thriller Christopher Nolan wrote and directed based on Jonah’s short story. Though they consulted on each other’s work for years, Mr. Nolan and Ms. Joy had never officially worked together before “Westworld,” the development of which happened to coincide with another collaboration: their first child. (They’re currently expecting their second.) They have sketched out several seasons’ worth of story, but HBO has committed only to the one. “Coming off of ‘Vinyl,’ I think the one thing we’re going to do is take our time in making a decision” about renewing “Westworld,” Mr. Bloys said. That means it will be some time before anyone knows whether the show can in fact be the network’s next flagship series, even as everyone involved swats away the inevitable “Game of Thrones” comparisons. But HBO executives do want enough viewers, positive reviews and cultural buzz for “Westworld” to justify a price tag that, while they won’t divulge it, can’t be cheap, considering the decorated cast and breathtaking scope on display. “Is it the next big HBO thing? I don’t think it benefits any show to work under those expectations,” Mr. Bloys said. “It’s getting into really interesting themes that are relevant today, so hopefully it catches on. ” Mr. Nolan added: “We have a dark, strange, hopefully compelling story we’re telling here. You never know what people are going to make of it until they do, but we’re incredibly excited to put it in front of an audience. ”",0
1824,Nobody Pisses Trump Off More Than Jon Stewart – So This Beatdown Will Leave Him Shaking (VIDEO),"  
If there’s one thing that’s been missing during this bizarre 2016 election cycle, it’s former Daily Show host Jon Stewart. That’s not to say that his replacement, Trevor Noah, hasn’t done a good job, but there’s nothing like watching Stewart’s magical brilliance. 
However, Stewart hasn’t completely stayed out of election talk; after all, he appeared on The Late Show with his friend and partner in crime Stephen Colbert. On Tuesday night, Stewart left us with another comedic treat – and of course the target of his relentless mockery was GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump. 
At the “Stand Up for Heroes Benefit” in New York City’s Madison Square Garden, Stewart wasted no time in lighting into Trump. He began: 
“I’m not as much of a political analyst. But if I could ask you a question that I’ve been saying to my television, it’s ‘What the fuck? What the fuck is going on? What is happening?!'” 
Stewart then went on to recall a Twitter war Trump started with him, complete with Trumpian anti-Semitic dog whistles, in which Trump called Stewart “Jonathan Leibowitz” and said that he needs to be “proud of his heritage.” Of course, Stewart trolled Trump harder than Trump could ever troll him, saying: 
“So I start to think to myself, Oh, I think this guy is trying to let people know I’m a Jew. And I think to myself, doesn’t my face do that? Honestly, like, where have you seen this face other than a poster for Yentl ? In what world are people like, Stewart, that’s a Scottish name, but there’s something about that fella that looks a little schmeary. It would be funny if it wasn’t so toxically fucking crude and horrible, but. So I decide to tweet back at him, “Many people don’t know this, but Donald Trump’s real name is Fuckface Von Clownstick. I wish you would embrace the Von Clownstick heritage.” 
This is just TOO GOOD. Hopefully, Trump has a complete meltdown over this one; after all, we know how thin Trump’s skin is, and he won’t be able to resist responding. 
Watch the magic of Stewart trolling Trump below: 
Featured image via Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for The Bob Woodruff Foundation Share this Article!",0
1825,Putin and Xi in Western propaganda – why does XJP get off so lightly? | The Vineyard of the Saker,"1861 Views October 29, 2016 10 Comments Guest Posts The Saker 
Moscow-Beijing Express, on The Saker 
By Jeff J. Brown, www.chinarising.puntopress.com 
Crosslinked at: http://chinarising.puntopress.com/2016/10/29/putin-and-xi-in-western-propaganda-why-does-xjp-get-off-so-lightly-moscow-beijing-express-on-the-saker-161029/ 
Podcast is available on SoundCloud: https://soundcloud.com/44-days/putin-and-xi-in-western-propaganda-why-does-xjp-get-off-so-lightly-161029 
Better watch out, Vlad. When Western propaganda throws an “-ism” at you, the gloves have come off. Think Marxism, Leninism, Maoism, communism, socialism, extremism and “Islamic” terrorism, for starters. After all, behind the Great Western Firewall, they are all the same thing, right? 
A recent cover and main article in the Economist, pictured above, reminded me of just how hyperbolic and ideological is the West’s propaganda against Russian President Vladimir Putin. While maybe good polemical fodder as a cartoon on the editorial page, the fact that this demonic caricature merits front cover status, indicates just how programmed and institutionalized Western mainstream media is. Westerners love to insult the Anti-West press for being “party organs” and “government mouthpieces”. But, why travel so far? They only need to stay home with their national New York Times , Radio France and BBC , to really appreciate Bernaysian psyops being passed off as serious journalism (as in Edward Bernays). I don’t call it living behind the Great Western Firewall for nothing. 
I have a friend whose email signature is “Blame it on Putin”. For a while, he changed it to “Blame it on China”. But that didn’t last long and he recently changed it back. As we have seen with the most depressing predictability, President Putin, specifically, and Russia in general are the voodoo pin dolls of Western racism and demonization of another people (Slavs) and other religions (Orthodox Christianity, as well as widespread Islam and Buddhism in Siberia). http://chinarising.puntopress.com/2015/10/01/slavs-and-the-yellow-peril-are-niggers-brutes-and-beasts-in-the-eyes-of-western-empire-the-saker-44-days-radio-sinoland-2015-10-1/ 
What is so remarkable is how unhinged and psychopathic the West’s racist propaganda is against Putin & Co., compared to the attacks on China’s President Xi Jinping (XJP) and the Chinese people. It transgresses irrational fear, to the point of being sick, black humor. Yet, about the most polemical front cover against XJP was Time magazine in April, 2016, seen below. But, making China’s leader look like a Mao Zedong- Blade Runner replicant is tame and almost quaint, compared to the Orwellian “Emmanuel Goldstein” tsunami being launched nonstop against Putin. 
Pretty tame stuff, this, compared to the racist feeding frenzy that Western propaganda is ginning up against Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Slavic countrymen. 
True, Russia has the longest border with the European Union, and there is tremendous historical Western precedence to keep Germany from forming any kind of economic or geopolitical alliance with Russia. As well, the West’s Ukrainian color revolution turned out to be a total genocidal failure, with Russia reintegrating Crimea and Donbass, biding its time for a hopeful remarriage in the years to come. Needless to say, the revenge factor, and if there is anything that Western tyranny loves more, it’s to avenge its long list of failed chaos and extermination around the world. 
But, Russia is officially a capitalist country. Its current constitution was largely written by American fifth columnists. The Russian Central Bank is widely presumed to be under the thumb of the West’s oil banking families. In spite of widespread ignorance around the world, on these two counts, China can definitely list itself in the opposing column. http://chinarising.puntopress.com/2016/10/18/so-called-communist-china-an-exclusive-article-for-the-all-china-review-16-10-17/ . Given America’s post-1917, deranged, hysterical fear of, and untold billions spent to crush any communist expression around the world, you would think that red China and Xi would be Public Enemy Number One. But no, it’s Putin and the Russians. 
One factor might be Western perceptions of Russia’s and China’s military strength. Russians have shown off their powerful, well-run army, navy and air force in Syria and the Black Sea. The West is probably in a bit of an historic rut, when looking at China’s rapidly modernizing People’s Liberation Army (PLA), like back to the Korean War, when the just liberated New China had no air force, no navy and no nuclear missiles, yet still kicked the pants off Uncle Sam, using mostly World War I vintage arms. But then again, nobody in the West will ever admit that they lost the Korean War, in the first place. http://chinarising.puntopress.com/2016/09/04/from-may-9th-in-moscow-to-september-3rd-in-beijing-the-anti-west-order-comes-full-circle-reprint/ . I can tell you that here in China, just like 1950-1953, XJP and the PLA do not fear American military power, not one iota. Respect it, yes. Fear it, never. President Xi has put the PLA on combat ready war footing and he means it. http://www.globaltimes.cn/content/966932.shtml 
But there is a new gadfly in America’s imperial ointment, one who may push President Xi and the Chinese people up the racist hate-o-meter, to Slavic levels, and that menace is the Philippines’ new president, Rodrigo Duterte. http://chinarising.puntopress.com/2016/09/17/puppet-japan-saves-uncle-sams-face-in-south-china-sea-after-philippines-principled-stand-vs-imperialism-jeff-j-brown-on-press-tv/ . This plainspoken, no bullshit world leader is Uncle Sam’s worst nightmare. He is calling American empire what it is: genocidal, dictatorial and rapacious. Not once, but day after day, meeting after meeting, press conference after press conference. 
At September 8-9, 2016’s ASEAN summit in Laos, Duterte showed a colonial era photo and talked about the genocide that the US committed, as it brutally conquered the Philippines, 1899-1913, killing an estimated 1.25 million people, about 25% of the nation’s population. Western media censored it like the plague and even semi-friendly outlets like the South China Morning Post were aghast that he actually associated the West with genocide. Heaven forbid! This, in spite of the fact the easily 80-90% of the history’s genocides and exterminations were and are being perpetrated by Eurangloland, including of course Israel. Behind the Great Western Firewall, genocide is exclusively reserved for powerless, dark skinned people and unrepentant socialists, like Serbia’s framed and destroyed Slobodan Milosevic. 
Speaking truth to imperial power, Duterte gives a blunt lesson on Western genocide, during the recent ASEAN summit in Laos. How dare you tell it like it is! (Image by Baidu.com) 
Duterte is a semi-official socialist-populist. His cabinet is inclusive and consultative, with former imprisoned and exiled political opposition leaders, including communists and Muslims. He clearly can’t stand America’s grotesque, imperial arrogance and tyranny, in a country that has been a pliant doormat for US mayhem and exploitation in Asia, going back to the turn of the 19 th -20 th century. When Duterte’s hometown of Davao was hit with a very suspicious, false flag smelling public market bombing, on September 2, 2016, he suggested that the automatic-to-blame Abu Sayyef Group, a Muslim independence outfit on his island of Mindanao, is controlled by US Special Forces based there, which is of course true. But, world leaders aren’t supposed to speak truth to power, especially “little brown brothers”, as Filipino Foreign Minister Perfecto Yasay has described America’s attitude to his long suffering and abused nation. http://www.philstar.com/headlines/2016/09/17/1624575/dfa-chief-philippines-no-little-brown-brother-us 
After signing with XJP more than three times as many development deals ($15 billion), as the US has totally invested to date in the Philippines ($4.7 billion), Duterte declared to the world that the “US has lost” and that his country was realigning with Baba Beijing. His official government/trade delegation had an unprecedented 300 members and another 150 business people paid their own way to join the Asian lovefest. The two sides set up bilateral committees to discuss and negotiate their South China Sea claims, which is anathema to Uncle Sam, who always insists on being the rabid Rottweiler in the middle. Next stop was US prostitute Japan, where he further declared that the Philippines would be free of all foreign military (meaning US marines and special forces), something that has not happened since 1521, when Spain began colonizing and raping the archipelago. 
This is all very powerful, history changing geopolitics. Almost every other world leader who has talked and acted like this, has either been overthrown and/or murdered by the West, sooner than later. Clearly, from the perspective of the West, Duterte’s visionary, regional reset is closely tied to President Xi and China. It is for this reason that XJP may be getting the Slavic-Putin treatment on an accelerated schedule, in a desperate attempt to trash China’s deep, historical leadership and trust role in Asia. 
The old story about people being able to see that the emperor is not wearing any clothes, is very apropos to Duterte. He is shouting out to the world that Western empire is a colossal failure and humiliation for his impoverished, exploited citizens, and by extension, equally so for every other member of humanity outside Eurangloland. http://chinarising.puntopress.com/2016/07/16/communist-china-vs-capitalist-philippines-vs-imperial-france-china-rising-radio-sinoland-160716/ . Once one person pierces the veil, it emboldens others to finally have the courage to pile on. 
For Uncle Sam, it’s already happening. Malaysian Prime Minster Najib Razak is visiting XJP and Co. in Beijing, October 31-November 6, 2016, an unusually long state visit by a world leader. Najib has declared that Malaysia is committed to strengthening friendship with China and pushing ties to “new highs”. http://www.reuters.com/article/us-malaysia-china-idUSKCN12R0ZU . As more and more countries embrace China’s history founding One Belt One Road plan, in which the whole world is and will benefit into the 22 nd century, including Eurangloland, expect ever more desperate, racist demonization and dehumanization of Xi Jinping and the Chinese people, along the lines of Putin and the Russians. Maybe the CIA-MI6 can dig up that old 19 th century chestnut, “The Yellow Peril”, and give it a modern day makeover. Stay tuned to the New York Times, Radio France and the BBC , as the propaganda psyops campaign takes shape. 
As more and more world leaders are emboldened to speak out against Western tyranny, thanks to Filipino President Rodrigo Duterte’s courage to make a public stand, President Xi Jinping can expect his face to morph into Putin’s, who is demonically pictured above on a January, 2014 Newsweek cover. 
Check out Jeff’s newest book, the top selling China Rising – Capitalist Roads, Socialist Destinations : ",0
1826,IRAN: 12 TOP OFFICIALS ARRESTED FOR SPYING,"Главная » News » Iran: 12 top officials arrested for spying Iran: 12 top officials arrested for spying Friday, 18 November, 2016 - 16:00 
MP Hussein Ali Haji Degana said at least 12 officials, occupying high positions, were arrested on suspicion of spying, while, almost all of them participated in the signing of a nuclear agreement in 2015. 
Moreover, most of the detainees have dual citizenship. Thus there are citizens of the United Kingdom and Canada. But it is not yet known, if there are some US citizens among them or not. 
During recent times, there is evidence that Washington is going to avoid this agreement, that’s why Tehran continues to express its protest. Hussein Ali Haji Degana said that the White House would have to pay dearly for the termination of this transaction. 
In addition, one of the candidates for the next US Secretary of State, John Bolton, has called today for a ""color revolution"" in Iran. 
He said: «The only longterm solution is regime change in Tehran. The ayatollahs are the principal threat to international peace and security and the Middle East». 
Bolton added that Washington had to support and fund the opposition. 
Earlier, Iran has officially confirmed the presence of the IRGC intelligence personnel in the US and Europe. This fact also shows that Tehran has no confidence in Western countries and the unreliability of agreements signed with them. Related links",0
1827,UN Chief urges South Africa to reconsider quitting ICC,"November 1, 2016 UN Chief urges South Africa to reconsider quitting ICC 
The United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon regretted the South Africa’s decision to leave the International Criminal Court (ICC) and expressed hope that it would reconsider the decision before the withdrawal takes effect. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright © 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don’t receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That’s an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here ► Dear Readers,",0
1828,"Maxine Waters Claims Putin Came Up With ’Lock Her Up,’ ’Crooked Hillary’ - Breitbart","Thursday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Rep Maxine Waters ( ) discussed her multiple calls for the impeachment of President Donald Trump and claimed during the 2016 presidential campaign Trump calling his opponent, Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton “crooked” and the rally crowds chanting “lock her up,” was “a play from Putin’s playbook. ”  When asked what the standard by which Trump should be impeached, Waters said, “I am talking about strategies that were developed working with the Trump campaign. I really do believe that much of what you saw coming out of Trump’s mouth was a play from Putin’s playbook. I think that when you saw him absolutely calling Hillary crooked, the, “lock her up, lock her up” all of that was developed. I think that was developed strategically with people from the Kremlin, with Putin, and I think it’s more than bank records. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
1829,On Being a Black Female Math Whiz During the Space Race - The New York Times,"HAMPTON, Va.  —   Growing up here in the 1970s, in the shadow of Langley Research Center, where workers helped revolutionize air flight and put Americans on the moon, Margot Lee Shetterly had a pretty fixed idea of what scientists looked like: They were middle class,   and worked at NASA, like her dad. It would be years before she learned that this was far from the American norm. And that many women in her hometown defied convention, too, by having vibrant, and by most standards, unusual careers. Black and female, dozens had worked at the space agency as mathematicians, often under Jim Crow laws, calculating crucial trajectories for rockets while being segregated from their white counterparts. For decades, as the space race made heroes out of   astronauts, the stories of those women went largely untold. Four of them are the subjects of Ms. Shetterly’s first book, “Hidden Figures,” a history being released on Tuesday by William Morrow. The book garnered an early burst of attention because its movie version, starring Taraji P. Henson, Octavia Spencer and Janelle Monáe, is scheduled for a   release and set for an Oscars run. The movie rights were snapped up weeks after Ms. Shetterly sold her book proposal in 2014, and well before she started writing the book in earnest, a disorientingly fast, if exhilarating, turn. “The thrilling thing to me about the book, and the movie, is this is an American story that we’re getting to see through the faces of these women,” Ms. Shetterly said during a recent visit to Hampton, which sits on the southeastern end of the Virginia Peninsula, surrounded by aquamarine waters and Navy ships. “It’s just as American a story as if it were John Glenn or Alan Shepard telling it. ” Ms. Shetterly happened upon the idea for the book six years ago, when she and her husband, Aran Shetterly, then living in Mexico, were visiting her parents here. The couple and Ms. Shetterly’s father were driving around in his minivan when he mentioned, very casually, that one of Ms. Shetterly’s former Sunday school teachers had worked as a mathematician at NASA, and that another woman she knew calculated rocket trajectories for famous astronauts. Ms. Shetterly remembers her husband perking up and asking why he had never heard this tale before. “I knew women who worked at NASA as mathematicians and engineers,” Ms. Shetterly said, “but it took someone from the outside saying, ‘Wait a minute’ for me to see the story there. ” (A book on a similar topic, Nathalia Holt’s “Rise of the Rocket Girls,” about women working at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in the ’40s and ’50s, was published in April.) Two of the women she would focus on are still living in the area. Christine Darden, now 73 and retired, had worked her way out of NASA’s computing pool to lead engineering research into sonic booms. Katherine Johnson, who recently turned 98, lives in a retirement home with her husband of 57 years, James A. Johnson, and is enjoying a recent surge of fame. She calculated rocket trajectories for the Mercury and Apollo missions, and last year President Obama personally awarded her the Presidential Medal of Freedom for her life’s work. Mrs. Darden and Mrs. Johnson still socialize, and on a recent summer day, made meltingly hot by a heat wave, met to play bridge at Mrs. Johnson’s apartment. (Mrs. Johnson and her partner won.) Ms. Shetterly was visiting too, and presented both women with an early copy of her book. “Fantastic,” Mrs. Darden said, as Mrs. Johnson, whose eyesight is failing, peered at the cover with a slight smile. Yet asked how she felt about the coming film, in which she is played by Ms. Henson, in the starring role, Mrs. Johnson became solemn. (Mrs. Darden is not portrayed onscreen, as the film focuses on the years preceding her arrival at NASA.) “I shudder,” Mrs. Johnson said. She had heard, she said, that the movie might stretch the facts, and that her character possibly came across as aggressive. “I was never aggressive,” Mrs. Johnson said. Ms. Shetterly reminded Mrs. Johnson of her persistence in the late 1950s, when she successfully pressed her supervisor into admitting her into traditionally   meetings. “You took matters in your own hands,” Ms. Shetterly said. “For other women, it was a revelation. ” Ms. Johnson said: “Well, I don’t ever wait for something. I remember asking the question, ‘Is there a law?’ And he said, ‘Let her go.’ It was easier than arguing. ” Listening in, one of Mrs. Johnson’s health aides chuckled. “Yep,” he said, “That’s the Katherine Johnson I know. ” Though outwardly their stories are remarkable, both Mrs. Darden and Mrs. Johnson remained    when describing their careers, an attitude that seems to have prevailed among their peers. Ann Hammond, whose mother, Dorothy Vaughan, was one of the first black women to be hired by what was then called the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics, or NACA, in 1943, said her mother never wanted a pat on the back. Mrs. Vaughan died in 2005 at the age of 98, and is played in the film by Octavia Spencer. “My mother would’ve probably said, ‘I was just doing my job,’” Ms. Hammond, 80, said, speaking in the Hampton bungalow where she grew up with her five siblings. But what jobs they were. While military budget cuts and sequestration have hurt the economy here in recent decades, some 75 years ago the hungry wartime machine needed manpower, and womanpower, to fill its depleted ranks. This helped open the door for black female mathematicians, who were recruited through job bulletin boards and newspaper ads. Their job title? “Colored computers. ” Mrs. Johnson, a math savant, graduated summa cum laude from what is now West Virginia State University at 18, and heard about the job through a family connection. Mrs. Darden, who went to college at Hampton Institute and earned a master’s degree in math at Virginia State College, was hired to be a NASA data analyst out of graduate school in 1967, and went on to become an aerospace engineer. The military boom lasted for decades, allowing the women and their families to have what Ms. Hammond described as a good life, despite enduring the indignities of segregation in the early years  —   working, eating and using restrooms apart from white colleagues. Ms. Shetterly discovered in her research that the space agency’s leaders were well aware of the negative effects of segregation. As Virginia began vigorously fighting public school desegregation in 1956, one higher up worried about the face that the United States, with its roiling racial problems, was presenting to the world, using words that still have resonance today. “In trying to provide leadership in world events, it is necessary for this country to indicate to the world that we practice equality for all within this country,” NACA’s chief counsel, Paul Dembling, wrote in a file memo that year. Two years later, the segregated computing pool was disbanded. Through it all, by most accounts, the black women at NASA held their heads high. “Her whole life, my mother never felt superior and never felt less than anybody else,” said Joylette Hylick, the eldest of Mrs. Johnson’s three daughters. “She didn’t let it get in her way. ”",0
1830,Cotton: Accusation Sessions Colluded With Russian Ambassador at Mayflower A ’Ridiculous’ Plot Line - Breitbart,"During Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee, Senator Tom Cotton ( ) asked whether any spy fiction had “a plot line so ridiculous that a sitting United States senator and an ambassador of a foreign government colluded at an open setting with hundreds of other people to pull off the greatest caper in the history of espionage?”  Cotton said, “[A] very simple question that should be asked is, did Donald Trump or any of his associates in the campaign collude with Russia in hacking those emails and releasing them to the public? That’s where we started six months ago. We have now heard from six of the eight Democrats on this committee, and, to my knowledge, I don’t think a single one of them asked that question. They’ve gone down lots of other rabbit trails, but not that question. Maybe that is because Jim oCmey said last week, as he said to Donald Trump, that on three times he assured him he was not under investigation. Maybe it’s because multiple Democrats on this committee have stated they have seen no evidence thusfar, after six months of our investigation and ten  —   11 months of an FBI investigation of any such collusion. I would just suggest, what do we think happened at the Mayflower? Mr. Sessions, are you familiar with what spies called tradecraft?” After Sessions responded, “A little bit. ” Cotton continued, “That involves things like covert communications and dead drops and brush passes, right?” Sessions answered that’s “part of it. ” Cotton then asked Sessions if he liked spy fiction. After Sessions answered in the affirmative, Cotton asked, “Have you ever, in any of these fantastical situations, heard of a plot line so ridiculous that a sitting United States senator and an ambassador of a foreign government colluded at an open setting with hundreds of other people to pull off the greatest caper in the history of espionage?” Sessions answered that such charges are “beyond my capability to understand. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
1831,Jackie Mason: Hillary Clinton Too Untrustworthy To Serve As Bathroom Attendant – She’d Steal The Toilet Paper,"Email 

During a radio interview, comic legend and political pundit Jackie Mason joked that the only time Hillary Clinton is not lying “is when her mouth is not moving.”“And even then, she is probably lying because she’s probably sitting there thinking of the next lie she is going to tell,” he added. 
Mason claimed that Clinton is so untrustworthy that she likely couldn’t land a job as an “attendant in the ladies’ room because they would be afraid that she would steal the towels or the napkins. Even the toilet paper wouldn’t be safe from her.” 
Mason was speaking during his regular segment on this reporter’s talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio,” broadcast on New York’s AM 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM in Philadelphia. 
He continued: 
Do you think that if she went for any other job besides the presidency that anyone would hire her anywhere? If you saw her resume which is a resume of accomplishing nothing and running from the police three-quarters of her life. She is always either indicted or almost indicted or about to be indicted. Her whole life spent fleeing from the Justice Departments of different countries. Now, this yenta, do you think she would be able to get any other job? … 
Would you think they would hire her as a chambermaid? Do you know what all those sheets and pillowcases are worth? Do you think they would trust her with it? After they found out the history of her life. Let’s be honest about it, if you went on a vacation would you let her watch your house while you went on vacation? Would you expect to come back and find anything still there?",0
1832,BREAKING: It’s Going Down – the Clinton Investigation JUST GOT REAL,"
The FBI seems to be sick of the DoJ’s favoritism . Two separate sources have told Fox News about serious new breaks in the investigation. The fact that this is being reported on an MSM site is huge. Bigger than huge.
E-freaking-normous.
Watch this video and try to keep from jumping up and down with excitement.

Did you catch that? The laptops that everyone THOUGHT the FBI destroyed were NOT, in fact, destroyed. Anyone who is caught lying has voided their immunity deals. (cough, Cheryl Mills, cough) There are new, not-seen-before emails, even though Clinton said she disclosed them all. It’s goin’ down. Right now.
All of those people who were prepared to take one for Team Clinton might want to reconsider.
It’s hard to imagine even Teflon-coated Hillary Clinton getting out of this mess. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Daisy Luther of DaisyLuther.com . ",0
1833,The Ghost at the Bar - The New York Times,"Many Tuesday afternoons, as I stand behind the bar where I work, my focus fixes on a Manchester United scarf draped on the far wall, near the door to the patio. When that happens, I think of Mark, one of my first regulars at this place. He drank beer and bourbon. He was kind. He adored his family and thrilled to watch Man U play. When he died suddenly and unexpectedly, our bar community grieved. The scarf is there to remember him by. I still feel his warm spirit filling that corner, like a friendly ghost, pint in hand. Stick around any bar long enough  —   on the working side or the civilian side  —   and you will inevitably come to love at least some of the people who drink there. Stick around longer, and you will just as inevitably lose some of those people you love. I’ve long cherished bars as sites of real community, where nearly the whole of an adult’s life cycle can be enacted and observed. I’ve watched customers and fellow regulars fall in love and get married. I’ve celebrated the births of their children (after that, they usually become much less regular). I’ve seen them get old, get sick and belly up to the bar for their last round at their final last call. It feels right to strike an elegiac tone for my last Drink column. In 2011, I began with a few martini recipes and some advocacy on behalf of vermouth. I can’t count the number of cocktails I’ve made and tasted in the name of “research” for this column, but I still prefer the simplest stuff. In offering a Gibson  —   essentially a martini in which the customary olive is replaced by a pickled onion  —   I’m returning to where I started. If you like your martinis with olives, you’ve probably noticed that the quality of the olive can make a big difference. So it is with the garnish in a Gibson: The better the onion, the better the cocktail. I like to pickle my own, for optimal flavor. The recipe here, adapted from Gabriella Mlynarczyk, gracefully balances salt, spice and sweetness. Maybe the onion is far too obvious a metaphor, considering its association with tears, but I’ve never been great with goodbyes. Over these last    years, I’ve maintained that the places where, the times when, the reasons and  —   most of all  —   the people with whom we drink, are what make drinking matter. The most beautifully made cocktail is of no consequence to me without good company: It may be a delicious thing, but it’s only a thing. Recipe: The Gibson | Pickled Cocktail Onions",0
1834,"Man in Antwerp, Belgium, Tries to Drive Into Crowd - The New York Times","PARIS  —   A French resident tried to drive over pedestrians on a crowded shopping street in the Belgian port city of Antwerp on Thursday, and a rifle and several knives were found in the vehicle, prosecutors said. With tensions already high in Europe after a similar attack involving a vehicle on Wednesday near Parliament in London, Belgian prosecutors identified the suspect only as Mohamed R. in keeping with traditional practice  —   a    French resident of North African ancestry. No injuries were reported, but a bomb disposal unit was sweeping the car for explosives and inspecting an unidentified canister of liquid that was also found in the car. “We remain vigilant,” said the Belgian prime minister, Charles Michel, on Twitter. “Our security services did an outstanding job in Antwerp. ” Bart De Wever, the mayor of Antwerp, increased the state of alert and added police security in busy neighborhoods, including shopping areas, transportation hubs, monuments and museums. The ministry of defense was sending additional troops to patrol. It was one day after Belgium observed the first anniversary of the deadliest attack on its soil, when suicide bombers in Brussels assaulted the main airport and a subway station, killing 32 people. Antwerp is the second most important hub for radicalization in Belgium, and only Brussels has sent more people from the country to fight for Islamists in Syria. The city is home to the   and defunct terrorist group Sharia4Belgium, but Antwerp has so far averted a   terrorist attack, and the local authorities have succeeded in foiling several plots and convicting dozens of terrorists in court over the last three years. Around 10:45 a. m. Thursday, the authorities said, a red car with French plates sped through a shopping area in central Antwerp, forcing pedestrians in the Meir, Belgium’s biggest shopping area, to dive out of the way. Soldiers on a routine patrol noticed the vehicle and signaled to the driver to stop, but he ignored them and drove through a red light, again putting pedestrians in danger. A rapid response team was called in and chased the car, stopping it less than a mile away and arresting the driver on the banks of the Scheldt River. Once the car stopped, the suspect did not resist as he was taken into custody, bystanders told local news media. The investigation was being handled by the federal prosecutor’s office, an indication that the attack would be treated as a terrorist case unless proved otherwise. President François Hollande of France said the attack “seemed to involve a French national,” adding that the suspect “was looking to kill or at the very least create a dramatic incident. ”",0
1836,Experts: Britain’s National Security at Stake Infiltrated by EU,"Home | World | Experts: Britain’s National Security at Stake Infiltrated by EU Experts: Britain’s National Security at Stake Infiltrated by EU By Guy Fawkes 05/11/2016 11:17:32 
Corruptio optimi pessima est 
LONDON – England – The High Court decision to quash Brexit is proof that there are clandestine operatives within the system who only hold allegiance to Brussels and not to the United Kingdom. 


Only a purge of the political, judicial, and defence sectors can save Britain from the mass infiltration of EU operatives working within the British governmental institutions. 
These people have been identified during the EU referendum and must be purged from the system otherwise these treasonous operatives of the EU could cause further harm to the British constitution and Britain’s national security. 
We have seen the damage already committed within the judicial system when EU operative judges were allowed to preside over the Brexit ruling and attempted to thwart the vote of the electorate on the EU referendum. 
The blatantly biased decision by these EU judges, one of which is Lord Carnwath, 71, who was one of four co-founders of the EU Forum of Judges for the Environment and served as the forum’s secretary general from 2004-05. The body exists to “promote the enforcement of national, European and international environmental law”. 
L ord Reed, began his career as an advisor to the Scottish education department, served as a judge in the European Court of Human Rights, who also acted as an expert adviser to the European Union Initiative with Turkey on Democratisation and Human Rights between 2002 and 2004, and the following year he became chairman of the Franco-British Judicial Co-operation Committee. 
The other EU judge is Lord Kerr, 68, who also sat as a judge in the European Court of Human Rights, ruling on a case in 2001 involving aircraft noise from Heathrow. 
Additionally we have L ord Mance, 73, who began his career working for a law firm in Hamburg, before qualifying as a barrister in 1965. His time in Germany gave him a taste for international legal affairs, and he has represented the UK on the Council of Europe’s Consultative Council of European Judges, which was set up in 2000 to advise the Council of Europe on the “independence, impartiality and competence” of judges. He has also served as a member of a seven-person EU panel that helps select judges and advocates-general of the European Court of Justice and General Court. 
These elements within the panel were clearly not impartial in their decision purely on their heavily entrenched links with the EU. 
Impartiality within law regarding key national security decisions like Brexit should be paramount to the judicial system within Britain therefore in justice terms, their decision to thwart Brexit, and the EU referendum result, voted for by 52% of the electorate, is wholly unjust and biased, bordering on corruption at the highest levels. 
The question of corruption should be implemented with a full public inquiry into how these judges were selected and how they were allowed to come to their obviously biased non impartial decision. We must as a democracy look into any form of clandestine payments given to the judges prior to their decision, and if any discrepancy is found it must be put right. 
Britain’s national sovereignty is at stake, and treachery, corruption at the highest judicial levels must be eradicated to conserve our constitution. To purge the institutions of EU collaborators and clandestine operatives should be of paramount import in order to solidify Britain’s national security and overall sovereign status. Share on :",0
1837,BREAKING: The FBI Just Took Down Obama! Look What They Found In Hillary’s Emails… - USA News Insider,"BREAKING: The FBI Just Took Down Obama! Look What They Found In Hillary’s Emails… BREAKING: The FBI Just Took Down Obama! Look What They Found In Hillary’s Emails… Posted By admin on November 3, 2016 
In March, Barack Obama told CBS News he heard about Hillary Clinton’s email server in news reports. I’m sure you remember that. 
Barack Obama is going to regret this moment. 
*** NEWSFLASH: Obama lied. 
The FBI revealed in September that Barack Obama used a pseudonym to communicate with Hillary Clinton. 
*** And then there was this today. 
Catherine Herridge on FOX News reported that the Obama White House was notified 6 different times when Hillary changed her email address. 
Let me repeat that: OBAMA WAS ALERTED 6 DIFFERENT TIMES WHEN HILLARY CHANGED HER EMAIL. 
Here’s the proof. 
*** This needs to go viral. 
This means that Barack Obama was in on the server situation the entire time. He was updated on it 6 times. 
Source : http://usadailynews24.com/breaking-fbi-just-took-obama-look-found-hillarys-emails/ ",0
1838,Incredible Discovery: This Fruit Extract Killed Cancer in 48 Hours!,"A study conducted at QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute in Queensland, Australia has recently shed new light on what could become the next big cancer treatment: the blushwood berry. 
Via AlternativeNews 

This naturally occurring fruit contains compounds that began killing off cancer cells almost immediately when studied in the laboratory. The Guardian Reports Scientists have managed to destroy cancerous tumors by using an experimental drug derived from the seeds of a fruit found in north Queensland rainforests.
The drug, called EBC-46, was produced by extracting a compound from the berry of the blushwood tree, a plant only found in specific areas of the Atherton Tablelands. A single injection of the drug directly into melanoma models in the laboratory, as well as into cancers of the head, neck and colon in animals, destroyed the tumours long-term in more than 70% of cases, the study’s lead author, Dr Glen Boyle, said.
“In preclinical trials we injected it into our models and within five minutes, you see a purpling of the area that looks like a bruise,” Boyle, from the QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute said.
“About 24 hours later, the tumour area goes black, a couple of days later you see a scab, and at around the 1.5 week mark, the scab falls off, leaving clean skin with no tumour there. The speed certainly surprised me.”
Researchers believe the drug triggers a cellular response which cuts off the blood supply to the tumor by opening it up. That’s why we see a bruise-like situation forming in the tumour,” Boyle said. “This seems to lead to an activation of the body’s own immune system which then comes in and cleans up the mess.”
It has been used by veterinarians in about 300 cases of cancer in companion animals including dogs, cats and horses. There was no evidence EBC-46 would be effective to treat cancers that had spread to other parts of the body, known as metastatic cancers, Boyle said.
The drug is being developed as a human and veterinary pharmaceutical through QBiotics, a subsidiary of the company which discovered the drug, called EcoBiotics. The company is also examining the potential for a blushwood plantation. Ethical approval was recently granted for phase 1 human clinical trials, but even if those proved successful, it was unlikely the drug would replace conventional chemotherapy treatment, Boyle said.
“Chemotherapy is still used because it is very effective for a lot of people,” he said. “But EBC-46 could perhaps be used in people who, for some reason, chemotherapy doesn’t work [for], or for elderly patients whose body can’t sustain another round of chemotherapy treatment.” The preclinical trial was funded by QIMR Berghofer and the National Health and Medical Research Council and the results were published in the journal PLOS One.
Healthy & Natural World Reports :
Blushwood Berries – Where they Come From Blushwood berries are the fruit of the blushwood tree, which is known to grow in only one region of the world: the rainforests of Far North Queensland, Australia. These tropical trees are not found anywhere else on the globe, but grow in abundance near Australia’s northeastern tip.
These particular trees need very niche conditions to thrive—conditions which can only be found in specific portions of Far North Queensland, Australia. Considering their usefulness as proven by the latest cancer research published in PLOS One , some are wondering if they could be grown in a greenhouse environment, so that people all over the world could benefit from their cancer-killing properties.
Blushwood Berries – What kind of Cancer they Eradicate The researchers at QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute, headed by Dr. Glen Boyle, used an experimental drug produced from the seeds of blushwood berries called EBC-46. They used this drug to treat spots of melanoma (the most deadly form of skin cancer) on dogs, cats and horses.
The subjects were diagnosed by veterinarians and given a poor prognosis, most being considered candidates for euthanasia prior to participating in the study. Amazingly, these animals that had been on death’s door prior to the study had their melanoma tumors disappear after treatment in the lab by Dr. Boyle and his team of scientists.
Tumors were Gone within 48 Hours When the EBC-46 was injected into the cancerous cells on the subjects, the tumors reacted by turning a dark color, then falling off. The derivative from the blushwood berry is thought to cut off oxygen supply to the cancer cells, allowing for the removal of tumors without the need for surgery, chemotherapy or radiation therapy.
The researchers reported that most of the subjects’ tumors—previously considered a lost cause by veterinarians—were gone within 48 hours of being injected with EBC-46. Under the microscope, the individual cancer cells began shriveling up and dying within mere moments of coming into contact with the EBC-46.
",0
1839,Trump: ‘The Hour of Justice for the American Worker Has Arrived’,"President Donald Trump detailed his America First agenda to Republican congressional leaders attending the annual Republican congressional retreat in Philadelphia. He promised to create millions of jobs for the American worker and reasserted his commitment to build a wall and crack down on immigration and sanctuary cities. [“It’s time to restore the civil rights of Americans to protect their jobs, their hopes, and their dreams for a much better future,” he said, vowing to enforce existing laws on immigration. “The hour of justice for the American worker has arrived. ”  Trump specifically referred to Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto’s decision to cancel a meeting with him, and vowed that if they failed to respect the United States, he would “have to go another way” in their relationship. He also vowed to renegotiate multilateral trade deals, such as NAFTA and other deals that would favor American workers. “We’re going to pursue new trade deals that create higher wages and more opportunities for American workers, bringing back those magnificent words ‘Made in the USA. ’” President Trump repeatedly returned to the idea of free and fair trade and restoring America’s economic prowess. “Republicans have always been the party of American industry and the American worker,” Trump said. “We must embrace that heritage, rebuilding this country with American goods and American labor. ” Trump also reasserted his promise to repeal and replace Obamacare, implement tax reform, cut regulations, rebuild the military, and take care of America’s veterans. Republicans cheered and applauded throughout his speech as he detailed his agenda. “I am privileged to stand with you, shoulder to shoulder, as we work every single day to make America great again,” he said. “Thank you. God bless you, and God bless America. ”",0
1840,Man whose job it was to rig US Presidential election fired,"Wednesday 9 November 2016 Man whose job it was to rig US Presidential election fired 
The man whose job it was to rig the election for Hillary Clinton has been fired without a reference this morning. 
53-year-old NWO black ops operative Simon Williams spent the last six months programming voting machines to flip votes, and mailing bundles of blank voting forms to registered Democrats. 
However, his failure to swing the result means he is unlikely to get the fat payoff and pension contributions he had been counting on. 
Williams is also concerned that his lack of a reference to explain how he’s spent the last few years of his life might count against him in the job market, with employers as far afield as Russia, Zimbabwe and Venezuela refusing to accept his word as an expert that he’s good at controlling electoral outcomes. 
Sources inside the Democrat party have highlighted this as just the first American job lost by Trump and warned there could be many more, specifically in the polling and political punditry industries. 
“It’s outrageous,” Simon told us. 
“I heard there was a great role coming up as stage manager for the CIA, but they won’t even talk to me unless my resume contains what I’ve been doing for the last few years. 
“Which is a bit rich coming from them, if I may make so bold. You’d think they of all people would be more understanding. 
“Still, I hear Francois Hollande has an election coming up in France. Does anyone have his number? I’m sure he could use a hand.” Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently witterings below - why not add your own? ",0
1841,O’Reilly: Liberal Sports Media Turned Trump-Brady Friendship Into Controversy - Breitbart,"In an interview with sportscaster Jim Gray on Fox News Channel’s “The O’Reilly Factor,” host Bill O’Reilly said the reason sports media hammers New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady for his relationship with President Donald Trump is because sports media is mainly liberal.  “Brady’s a friend of Donald Trump’s  —   not an overt political guy, but I did see a bunch of articles saying Brady is the devil because he’s friends with Trump,” O’Reilly said. “Most of the sports press are liberals,” he added. Although Gray said he does not know how the sports media members voted, he does know Brady is loyal to Trump after the president stuck up for him during “ . ” “[Brady] has also said just because he is friends with somebody and happens to like somebody doesn’t necessarily mean that he agrees with the opinions or thoughts or everything that his friends are putting out,” Gray responded. “And that would apply to President Trump. ” He continued, “Tom’s a loyal, honorable guy, and he’s not going to give up on Donald Trump, particularly after he defended him and has known him for so long. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
1842,Liberal Gun Control Arguments DESTROYED by One Brutal Meme,"You are here: Home / US / Liberal Gun Control Arguments DESTROYED by One Brutal Meme Liberal Gun Control Arguments DESTROYED by One Brutal Meme October 28, 2016 Pinterest 
C.E. Dyer reports that a sickening 13,000 late-term abortions are carried out every year in the U.S. and at the third and final presidential debate on Wednesday night, Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton explained away her support of murdering children via late-term and partial birth abortions with the incorrect claim that the “life and health of the mother” is often at stake in such cases. 
“The kinds of cases that fall at the end of pregnancy are often the most heartbreaking, painful decisions for families to make,” Clinton said at the debate, referencing health risks to mothers and fetal anomalies to justify her extreme position. 
Lila Rose, pro-life activist and founder of Live Action, wrote for the Hill in response to Clinton’s dangerous and incorrect statements: 
The first problem with Clinton’s claim is that research published by the pro-abortion Guttmacher Institute found that abortions for fetal abnormalities “make up a small minority” of late-term abortions, and those that are purported to be done to save the mother’s life are an even smaller number. Even more problematic for Clinton, over 1,000 medical professionals have concluded that abortion is never medically necessary to save a mother’s life. While a life-saving treatment for a mother may result in the death of her preborn child, that treatment’s purpose is not to kill the baby. For example, removing a mother’s fallopian tube in the case of an ectopic pregnancy, or inducing labor later in pregnancy to achieve better outcomes for both baby and mother is not abortion. Not being able to save someone because we lack the technology to do so is entirely different from intentionally killing them. Abortion is an intentional killing, and that is always a grave injustice. 
Rose went on to note how disturbing it is that Clinton would justify the murder of a child because he or she has a medical condition. Down Syndrome Awareness Month of October is being celebrated by millions of people as Clinton justified their murder because someone decided they aren’t worthy of life. 
Abortion is legal throughout all nine months of pregnancy in the U.S. for certain exceptions — a fact that many people might not know and would be appalled to find out. As Rose reported, some states have restrictions on the barbaric practice, but seven states and the District of Columbia allow abortion for any reason at any time in the pregnancy. 
Rose discussed the barbarism that is late-term and partial-birth abortion: 
Most late-term abortions are induction abortions, committed by using a long needle to pierce a baby’s brain or heart to deliver a lethal dose of digoxin, which causes cardiac arrest. The baby is then delivered stillborn two to three days later. You can see a medically accurate animation of this procedure presented by former abortionist Dr. Anthony Levatino here . 
The federal law banning partial-birth abortions (which Clinton voted against as a senator because she said it was too strict) still allows for the abortionist to partially deliver a child — with her legs dangling outside of her mother or most of her head being delivered — before he kills her. But for the abortionist waiting to take the child’s life as she moves through the birth canal, the child is only seconds away from taking her first breath and having full legal protection. 
Clinton supports this horrific practice and Planned Parenthood — which kills 320,000 babies a year as the largest abortion chain in the country — supports her candidacy in return. Planned Parenthood has given $30 million to the Clinton campaign in an effort to save the $500 million in taxpayer subsidies they receive to wage war on the preborn and the moral dignity of this nation.",0
1843,Media Self-Destruct over Trump,"Posted on October 28, 2016 Media Self-Destruct over Trump Jared Taylor, American Renaissance, October 28, 2016 Their hysteria and dishonesty have backfired. 
From the start of Donald Trump’s campaign, the media have covered him dishonestly. They have consistently portrayed him as a closet “white supremacist” who deliberately appeals to “racists.” They have tried to tie him to a wicked movement known as the “Alt-Right.” They are now working on another dishonest angle: that Donald Trump is “mainstreaming hate” and bringing “racism” into public discourse. The media clearly want to stampede voters into Mrs. Clinton’s camp so as to spare us the agony of a “racist” in the White House. 
The demonization campaign has backfired. By trying to hang racial dissidents around Donald Trump’s neck, the media have given American Renaissance and other organizations far more publicity than ever before. At the same time, constant shouts of “racist” and “bigot” don’t seem to hurt Mr. Trump: instead they are wrecking what is left of media credibility. The biggest irony, though, is that Donald Trump is probably not one of us at all. But even small deviations from the cast-iron orthodoxy of race are enough to plunge our rulers into dark fantasies about Donald Trump as a secret David Duke fan. 
Media dishonesty started immediately. When Mr. Trump pointed out that some immigrants from Mexico were criminals, the press acted as if he had said all Mexican immigrants are criminals. Then, when alert news hounds discovered that those of us they love to call “haters” and “white supremacists” liked Mr. Trump, there was no end of articles with titles such as: “ Meet the Horde of Neo-Nazis, Klansmen, and Other Extremist Leaders Endorsing Donald Trump ,” “ Top Racists And Neo-Nazis Back Donald Trump ,” “ ‘Heil Donald Trump’: Neo-Nazis, White Supremacists Show Support ,” and “ The White Nationalists Who Support Donald Trump .” 
These articles had a simpleminded purpose: discredit Mr. Trump by parading before the reader any Nazi, Kluxer, or racially conscious white person who had anything nice to say about the candidate. The implication was that if “racists” were going to vote for Donald Trump he must be “racist,” too. 
This was deceitful and one-sided. When the chairman of the American Communist Party endorsed Hillary Clinton , no one suggested this meant she was a communist. 
It is true that Mr. Trump gave the media just enough of an excuse to pretend he really is a closet “bigot” because he did not repudiate “racists” with the snorts of indignation respectability requires. There was the famous exchange in February when a reporter pushed Mr. Trump to disavow an endorsement from David Duke. As The Hill reported it: “ ‘David Duke endorsed me? OK, alright. I disavow, OK?’ Trump said, seeking to quickly move on to another question.” 
That same month, there was another famous exchange with Jake Tapper of CNN : 
Tapper : Will you unequivocally condemn David Duke and say that you don’t want his vote or that of other white supremacists in this election? 
Donald Trump : Well just so you understand, I don’t know anything about David Duke, OK? I don’t know anything about what you’re even talking about with white supremacy or white supremacists. So, I don’t know. I don’t know, did he endorse me, or what’s going on? Because, you know, I know nothing about David Duke. I know nothing about white supremacists. 
The media leaped on these exchanges with shouts of joy. “Trump refuses to disavow white supremacists! That’s because he is one!” 
There are far better explanations. First, Donald Trump is a pugnacious man. He doesn’t like being pushed around by anyone, especially not by journalists who hate him. If Mr. Tapper had belligerently demanded that Mr. Trump agree that the sky is blue, Mr. Trump would have bridled at that. 
Second, Donald Trump probably doesn’t know anything about David Duke or white supremacy. I would be astonished if he has ever looked into the thinking of David Duke or any other alleged “white supremacist.” It is his feistiness and his ignorance of white advocacy that explain his answers, not some carefully concealed racial consciousness. 
The press has also pounced on Donald Trump’s retweets of “racist” material, which is supposed to be yet more proof that he is a secret supremacist. Business Insider, for example, published this shocking story: “ 5 times Donald Trump has engaged with alt-right racists on Twitter .” Not one of these tweets is obviously “racist,” and it would be surprising if Mr. Trump or his skeleton staff took the time to vet the sources of the thousands of tweets @realDonaldTrump has sent during the campaign. 
Now the press is working on another smear-Trump angle. Recently, I have been contacted by journalists from such places as Bloomberg News, Reuters, and the New York Times , who clearly want to write that Donald Trump is “mainstreaming hate,” that he is responsible for a huge surge in the Alt-Right. They want to know about all the people who have been flocking to AmRen.com because of what Donald Trump says. They want me to tell them about people who have been “emboldened” to “speak out against minorities” because Donald Trump has led the way. They would love to find someone who now thinks he is free to run down the street shouting “nigger!” because Mr. Trump wants to take a hard look at Muslim immigrants. 
I have explained to them as patiently as I can that they have it the wrong way around. No one comes looking for AmRen.com because Donald Trump wants to build a wall. They come looking for us because the media have written about us in their attempt to convince the world that Mr. Trump is a “racist.” They come looking for us because Mrs. Clinton kindly called attention to us by complaining about the Alt-Right and her “basket of deplorables.” I also try to explain that if the media had not launched its malicious campaign of trying to hold Donald Trump responsible for the views of certain people who support him, few people would have heard of the Alt-Right. In their zeal to paint their enemy in the darkest colors, they are promoting the Alt-Right, not Donald Trump. 
I explain that racial dissent has been growing like never before, for reasons that have nothing to do with the campaign. It is Trayvon Martin, Michael Brown, Black Lives Matters, and black rioters who are sending hundreds of thousands of frustrated white people our way– not Donald Trump. This will not change whether Mr. Trump wins or loses. The top landing pages on AmRen.com are analyses of race and crime–something Mr. Trump never talks about. 
I also explain to reporters that it is idiotic to think Mr. Trump has mainstreamed “hate,” by which they mean sensible observations about race. I ask them to name a single person who has been “emboldened” to say something “racist” just because Donald Trump is the GOP nominee. Of course, they can’t. If anything, it is the opposite. Mr. Trump has been called every name under the sun for the mildest, most common-sense observations about Muslims and immigration. Anyone tempted to come out of the closet is likely to hesitate more than ever. Things could change if Mr. Trump becomes president, but the candidate himself has done very little to spread our ideas. 
What Donald Trump has done is spark an unprecedented interest in politics among disaffected young people who recognize that Mitt Romney and John McCain are no different from Barack Obama when it comes to preserving whites, their society, and their culture. I know a number of millennials who never bothered to vote before but who certainly will in November. I know some who have made their first political contribution or who have spent weekends volunteering for the Trump campaign. 
I point out to reporters that this is what elections are supposed to be all about: giving the voters real choices. I note that the Trump/Clinton contest will almost certainly produce a record voter turnout for a modern election. Haven’t our rulers been wringing their hands over a lack of political engagement, especially among the young? Well, now they have engagement, alright, but they don’t like it. They don’t like it because so many people are stumping for the candidate they love to call a “ threat to democracy .” Liberals are such transparent hypocrites. They claim to love democracy, but suddenly start worrying about its health if the people refuse vote the way they tell them to. 
The whole Trump-is-a-racist fracas shows just how painfully fragile orthodoxy has become. I may be wrong, but I have no reason to think Donald Trump thinks at all as we do. He has never said or done anything to suggest he is anything more than an ordinary American with normal instincts: He doesn’t want criminals sneaking across the border, he thinks sanctuary cities for illegals are crazy, he doesn’t see why we need more Muslims, and he is angry when immigrants go on welfare. Millions of ordinary Americans clearly agree with him, and not because they are racially aware. It is because they are decent, fair-minded people who also have a nagging sense that the country is changing in unwelcome ways. 
I am convinced that Mr. Trump does not have a sophisticated understanding of race. So far as I can tell, he doesn’t have a sophisticated understanding of much of anything. He has stumbled by instinct onto a few sensible policies that white advocates have been promoting for a long time, but not because he is one of us. 
Maybe–just maybe–he will move in our direction. It’s not impossible to imagine a President Trump asking, in an offhand way, “What’s wrong with white people wanting to remain a majority in the United States?” Or he might casually note that you can’t expect as many blacks as Asians in AP classes because they don’t have the same levels of intelligence. But I can imagine the opposite, too: President Trump so bogged down in Beltway baloney that he never even builds the wall. 
There is one thing that Donald Trump has changed. He has proven that Republican bromides about taxes and small government don’t excite people. He has proven that there is tremendous anger against political insiders of both parties. He has proven that Americans do want their country to come first. They don’t want it to try to save the world or to be a dumping ground for people who have wrecked their own countries. 
And even if he has not “mainstreamed racism,” he has shown that if you have a backbone you can withstand what is surely the most intense and concentrated program of hate ever directed at an American. On October 11, Roger Cohen wrote in the New York Times that Donald Trump is a “phony, liar, blowhard, cheat, bully, misogynist, demagogue, predator, bigot, bore, egomaniac, racist, sexist, sociopath,” and a “dictator-in-waiting with a brat’s temper and a prig’s scowl.” This must be one of the most unhinged, hysterical outbursts in the history of American political journalism. And it is unusual only for its wordiness, not its tone. 
Don’t the editors of the Times realize that this kind of frothing explains why more Americans believe in Bigfoot (29 percent) than trust newspapers (20 percent)? Virtually the entire industry is so consumed with rage at Donald Trump and contempt for his supporters that it cannot control itself. Open, petulant bias is driving more and more Americans to social media and to sites like AmRen.com for their news. 
Despite the concerted shrieking of virtually the entire American ruling class, Donald Trump is going to get close to half of the vote on November 8. Some 60 million people are going to vote for a man for whom Roger Cohen has emptied his dictionary trying to insult. Only one major newspaper has endorsed Donald Trump. Only one . And this is a man whom the American people might choose as their president. What better proof could we have of the stark difference between printed opinion and public opinion, between what Americans think and what our rulers want us to think? Donald Trump has ripped away whatever was left of the pretense of media objectivity. 
Whether he wins or not, whether he is one of us or not, Donald Trump has laid bare the collusion between big media and a political system in which both parties collaborate to run the country in their interests and those of their big donors. Voters–finally–have a chance to vote against the entire corrupt system. On November 8th they could bring it crashing down, but even if it still stands, it is visibly weakened, badly discredited. These are the perfect conditions in which our ideas will flourish as never before.",0
1844,What Is At Stake In This Election — Paul Craig Roberts,"http://www.veteransnewsnow.com/2016/10/26/1010359-65-us-journalists-at-a-private-dinner-with-hillary-clintons-team-and-john-podesta/ 
I just heard an NPR presstitute declare that Texas, a traditional sure thing for Republicans was up for grabs in the presidential election. Little wonder if this report on Zero Hedge is correct. Apparently, the voting machines are already at work stealing the election for Killary. 
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-10-25/texas-rigged-first-reports-voting-machines-switching-votes-hillary-texas 
From my long experience in journalism, I know the American public is not very sharp. Nevertheless, it is difficult for me to believe that Americans, whose jobs, careers, and the same for their children and grandchildren, have been sold out by the elites who Hillary represents would actually vote for her. It makes no sense. If this were the case, how did Trump get the Republican nomination despite the vicious presstitute campaign against him? 
It seems obvious that the majority of Americans who have been suffering terribly at the hands of the One Percent who own Hillary lock, stock, and barrel, will not vote for the people who have ruined their lives and the lives of their children and grandchildren. 
Furthermore, if Trump’s election is as impossible as the presstitutes tell us—Hillary’s win is 93% certain according to the latest presstitute pronouncement—the vicious 24/7 attacks on Trump would be pointless. Wouldn’t they? Why the constant, frenetic, vicious attacks on a person who has no chance? Trump takes aim at those rigging the system 
There are reports that a company associated with Hillary backer George Soros is supplying the voting machines to 16 states , including states that determine election outcomes. I do not know that these reports are correct. However, I do know for a fact that the oligarchic interests that rule America are opposed to Trump being elected President for the simple reason that they are unsure that they would be able to control him. 
It is hard to believe that dispossessed Americans will vote for Hillary, the representative of those who have dispossessed them, when Trump says he will re-empower the dispossessed. Hillary has denigrated ordinary Americans who, she says, she is so removed from by her wealth that she doesn’t even know who they are. Clearly, Hillary, paid $675,000 by Goldman Sachs for three 20-minute speeches, is not a representative of the people. She represents the One Percent whose policies have flushed the prospects of ordinary Americans down the toilet. 
What is really disturbing is the pretense by the presstitute scum that Trump’s lewd admiration for female charms is deemed more important than the prospect of nuclear war. At no time during the presidential primaries or during the current presidential campaign has it been mentioned that Russia is being assaulted daily by propaganda, threatened by military buildups, and being convinced that the United States and its European vassals are planning an attack. Architects of “Regime Change” Wars 
A threatened Russia, made insecure by inexplicable hostility and Western propaganda, is a danger manufactured by the neoconservative supporters of Hillary Clinton. 
If the American people are really so unbelievably stupid that they think lewd remarks about women are more important than avoiding nuclear war, the American people are too stupid to exist. They will deserve the mushroom clouds that will wipe them and everyone else off the face of the earth. 
Donald Trump is the only candidate in the primaries and the general election who has said that he sees no point in conflict with Russia when Putin has shown nothing but desire to work things out to mutual advantage. 
In contrast, Hillary has declared the thrice-elected president of Russia to be “the new Hitler” and has threatened Russia with military action. Hillary talks openly about regime change in Russia. 
Surely, in a free media at least one person in the print and TV media would raise this most important of all points. But where have you seen it? 

Only in my columns and a few others in the alternative media. 
In other words, we are about to have an election in which the important issue has played no role. And yet allegedly we are the exceptional, indispensable people, a people’s democracy protected by a free press. 
In truth, this mythical description of America is merely a cloak for the rule of the Oligarchs. And the Oligarchs are risking life on earth for their continual supremacy. 
Also see: 
The Saker explains how Vladimir Putin wrest the sovereignty of Russia away from the Anglo-Zionist Empire. He hopes that Donald Trump can rescue America. His article is republished with his permission. 
Can Trump Save America Like Putin Saved Russia?",0
1845,Artificial Intelligence Software Is Booming. But Why Now? - The New York Times,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   This is the year artificial intelligence came into its own for mainstream businesses, at least as a marketing feature. On Sunday, Salesforce. com, which sells online software for sales and marketing, announced it would be adding A. I. to its products. Its system, called Einstein, promises to provide insights into what sales leads to follow and what products to make next. Salesforce chose this date to   Oracle, the world’s largest business software company, which on Sunday evening began its annual customer event in San Francisco. High on Oracle’s list of new features:   analysis of enormous amounts of data. Oracle calls its product Oracle A. I. Elsewhere, General Electric is pushing its A. I. business, called Predix. IBM has ads featuring its Watson technology talking with Bob Dylan. These moves, along with similar projects at most major tech companies and consulting firms, represent years of work and billions in investment. There are big pushes in A. I. in agriculture, manufacturing, aviation and pretty much every other sector of the economy. It’s all very exciting, the way great possibilities are, and clearly full of great buzzwords and slogans. But will other companies see any value in all this or understand if A. I. has value for them? “No one really knows where the value is,” said Marc Benioff,   and chief executive of Salesforce. “I think I know  —   it’s in helping people do the things that people are good at, and turning more things over to machines. ” Mr. Benioff wasn’t selling Einstein’s capabilities short. He was talking about the   value of artificial intelligence, which is passing through a familiar phase  —   a technology that is strange and new, that sometimes overpromises what it can do and is headed for uses not easily seen at the start. Cloaked inside terms like deep learning and machine intelligence, A. I. is essentially a series of advanced   exercises that review the past to indicate the likely future, or look at current customer choices to figure out where to put more or less energy. Perhaps a better question than “What is the value?” of this explosion of advanced statistics is “Why now?” That shows both the opportunity and why many companies are scared about missing out. Much of today’s A. I. boom goes back to 2006, when Amazon started selling cheap computing over the internet. Those measures built the public clouds of Amazon, Google, IBM and Microsoft, among others. That same year, Google and Yahoo released statistical methods for dealing with the unruly data of human behavior. In 2007, Apple released the first iPhone, a device that began a boom in   collection everywhere. Suddenly, old A. I. experiments were relevant, and money and cheap data resources were available for building new algorithms. Ten years later, computing is cheaper than ever, companies live online and in their phone apps, and sensors are bringing even more unruly data from more places. Amazon, Google and the rest have exceptional A. I. resources for sale, but many older companies are wary of turning their data over to these upstarts. That, along with fear of a competitor getting on top of A. I. first, is a big motivation for some to try things out. Salesforce is selling Einstein as a system that can work predictive magic without having to look at your data, in what Mr. Benioff calls a “democratizing” move that will create millions of A. I. users who are not engineers. He said this on his way to attend a series of customer focus groups around the country, however  —   strong evidence that customers don’t get it yet, even if they’re willing to try it. “There’s fear of Google and Microsoft controlling everything, and there’s a desire to apply A. I. to anything that’s digital,” said Michael Biltz, managing director of Accenture’s technology vision practice. “People are going to have to experiment, most likely first on pain points like security and product marketing. ” How will we know when the A. I. revolution has taken hold? A technology truly matures when it disappears. We don’t marvel at houses with electricity now, or the idea of driving to work at 60 miles an hour. We can say “phone” and mean a   computer with   processing power and a   camera for taking selfies with our drones. A. I. is probably heading for the same places, invisibly sorting through lots of data everywhere to continuously update and automate most of our lives. Goodness knows what the weird new tech thing will be about at that point.",0
1846,ObamaCare: Things Fall Apart,"Headlined to H3 10/26/16 - Advertisement - 
The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, aka ""ObamaCare,"" was intended to dramatically increase the number of Americans with health coverage while ""bending the cost curve"" (that is, reducing the expected increases in price over time). 
The plan managed the first goal, at least in the short term. Unsurprising, isn't it, that more people get coverage when the law requires them to buy it, penalizes those who won't, and subsidizes those who can't afford to? 
But the progress on that metric is beginning to disintegrate and we're moving in the other direction. Bloomberg reports that 1.4 million Americans in 32 states will lose the health plans they now have next year as major providers pull out of the ObamaCare ""exchanges"" because they're losing money. Apaprently a business has to take in more than it spends if it wants to remain a going concern. I'm sure I've read that somewhere. 
As far as ""bending the cost curve"" is concerned ... well ... according to the US Department of Health and Human Services, cited by US News & World Report , average premiums rose by 7.5% last year and will rise by 25% in 2017. Price inflation for most consumer goods over the 2015-2016 period averaged a little more than 1%. Forgive me for thinking that when costs increase at 7-25 times the rate of inflation, that's not really a lot of ""bend"" to the ""curve."" 
In 2009, I described (the then notional, yet to be passed into law) ObamaCare as ""[g]overnment feeds you to the insurance companies, while simultaneously feeding the insurance companies to you. The state takes home a doggie bag."" Which is about the size of it, and I was far from the only person who noticed and warned that the plan not only wouldn't work, but COULDN'T work, if the goal was reducing costs and increasing access to health care. Artificially increasing demand relative to supply can only have the opposite effects. 
Since 2010, Republicans (who, by the way, first proposed the ""individual mandate"" scheme) have slowly but surely retreated from the idea of repealing ObamaCare and replacing it with nothing, instead proposing various schemes for keeping government as involved as possible in health care while pretending to ""return"" it to ""the free market"" (there hasn't been a free market in health care for more than a century, since the American Medical Association got licensing schemes imposed by the states so that it could limit the number of doctors and thereby keep their salaries high). - Advertisement - 
Most Americans are now worse off vis a vis health care than they were six years ago. The only winners have been government health bureaucrats. And unfortunately, the politicians don't seem to be interested in getting out of the way and letting the market fix things. Next stop: ""Single payer."" - Advertisement -",0
1847,"As E.C.B. Charts Economic Course, Politics Complicate the Picture - The New York Times","FRANKFURT  —   Central bankers like to portray themselves as being aloof from the   of politics, coolly assessing the economic data as they ponder whether to add a jolt of stimulus or take some away. But with populism on the rise in Europe and elsewhere, opinion polls have arguably become one of the European Central Bank’s most important sources of data points. Faced with a series of national elections in which   candidates play prominent roles, Mario Draghi, the president of the central bank, mounted a spirited counteroffensive on Thursday. He portrayed the currency as the key to European prosperity and even took an implicit jab at the protectionist rhetoric of President Trump. “Open trade has been the pillar of world prosperity for many, many years,” Mr. Draghi said. Although it made no major changes to monetary policy on Thursday, the bank is under increasing pressure to begin withdrawing the stimulus program that has prevailed for a decade. That task, delicate in the best of times, is even more difficult in the charged political atmosphere that permeates not only Europe but also the United States and the rest of the world. Some political candidates are questioning the whole idea of a united Europe and the European Central Bank’s fundamental reason for being. The situation raises the stakes whenever the bank makes a decision. Britain, which was never in the eurozone, has voted to leave the European Union. Marine Le Pen, the   candidate for the French presidency, has worried investors with talk of bringing back the franc. Similar nationalist language has been heard from candidates in the Netherlands, Germany and Italy who have been emboldened by Mr. Trump’s election. A wrong move by the European Central Bank could upset a fragile economic recovery and provide fodder for the populists. While insisting that the central bank’s job is to keep inflation under control, Mr. Draghi was unusually direct on Thursday in rebutting opposition to European free trade and political unity. “If we go back to when the euro was created, there were always people who said it’s wrong, it’s a mistake, it can’t be done,” Mr. Draghi said. “They are saying the same today. ” Eurozone members have made “extraordinary shows of solidarity” toward countries in crisis, Mr. Draghi said. “The euro is here to stay. ” No matter what Mr. Draghi does, he will continue to draw strong reactions. As one of Europe’s most powerful institutions, the central bank serves as an   piñata for nationalist politicians of all stripes. Frauke Petry, leader of the   Alternative for Germany party, regularly accuses Mr. Draghi of endangering Germans’ savings with ultralow interest rates. In Italy, where low interest rates have helped ease a severe credit crunch, sentiment runs the opposite direction. When the European Central Bank does begin gradually reducing its stimulus efforts, perhaps around the middle of the year, expect leaders of the populist Five Star Movement in Italy to accuse Mr. Draghi of selling out to the Germans. The prospect that Ms. Le Pen could become president of France has pushed up the government’s borrowing costs. The higher rates feed through to the economy and work against central bank measures intended to make sure credit remains cheap. The political landscape in Washington is also a concern for the European Central Bank. The United States is the European Union’s largest trading partner. If Mr. Trump erects trade barriers, as he has threatened to do, European exporters would suffer along with the region’s economy. Mr. Draghi will have his first direct contact with the new American administration next week at a summit meeting in Germany of central bank governors and finance ministers. He declined to say on Thursday what message he planned to deliver. A further complication for the European Central Bank is that its policies are out of sync with those of the Federal Reserve. Fed officials have signaled that an   increase is likely next week. That could be a problem for the European Central Bank, if higher market interest rates in the United States spill over to the eurozone and undermine efforts to keep borrowing costs low. Analysts say they expect the European Central Bank to give a clearer view of its intentions around June, probably by signaling a reduction in purchases of government and corporate bonds, a way of pumping money into the economy. An increase in official interest rates may be years away. On Thursday, the European Central Bank left its benchmark interest rates unchanged, and it said it would continue the stimulus measure of buying government and corporate bonds through the end of the year, albeit at a reduced level starting in April. However, in a statement, the central bank was less alarmist about the eurozone outlook than in the past. Mr. Draghi said the bank would not extend an emergency lending program for commercial banks because there was no need. “There is no longer that urgency in taking further actions,” he added. It will be nearly impossible to time the easing of the stimulus in a way that does not open the European bank to criticism. The economies of the eurozone are also badly out of step with one another. Unemployment in Italy, at 11. 9 percent, is three times as high as Germany’s. The European Central Bank has already been drawn into Italian politics. The central bank, which regulates commercial lenders in the eurozone, has endorsed a rescue plan for troubled Italian banks that critics in Germany say violates European rules. In Germany, by contrast, there are complaints that the European Central Bank’s low interest rates penalize   savers, who earn almost no return on their nest eggs. The resentment has grown recently because of an increase in inflation. Consumer prices in Germany rose at an annual rate of 2. 1 percent in January, above the European Central Bank’s target of just under 2 percent. The inflation rate for the eurozone as a whole was 2 percent in February. But the increase was almost entirely because of food and fuel prices, which frequently fluctuate. The European Central Bank will probably not react until there is evidence that prices in other categories, like services, are also rising. That may be too late for some in Germany. “It is time for the European Central Bank to start phasing out its expansionary monetary policy in Europe,” Clemens Fuest, president of the Ifo Institute, an influential research organization in Munich, said on Thursday in a statement. “It should now take its foot off the gas. ”",0
1848,"Democrats to Bring DREAMers, Muslims to Trump’s First Speech to Congress","Several congressional Democrats reportedly plan to bring Muslim clients of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and recipients of former President Barack Obama’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program to President Donald Trump’s first joint address to Congress Tuesday evening. [According to the Hill, several of the Muslim ACLU clients these Democratic lawmakers are taking as their guests this evening have been affected by Trump’s temporary travel ban.  Rep. Judy Chu ( ) is reportedly bringing Sara Yarjani, an Iranian graduate student who was detained for 23 hours at Los Angeles International Airport and later deported Rep. Nydia Velázquez ( ) will bring Hameed Darweesh, an Iraqi who was detained for 18 hours at New York’s John F. Kennedy International Airport last month Rep. Jim Langevin’s ( ) guest is Dr. Ehsun Mirza, a Muslim American immigrant Rep. Jan Schakowsky ( ) will host Suzanne Akhras Sahloul, founder of the Syrian Community Network and Rep. Pramila Jayapal ( ) will bring Aneelah Afzali, founder of the American Muslim Empowerment Network (AMEN) as her guest. Sen. Dick Durbin ( ) who sponsored the BRIDGE Act, which seeks to continue President Barack Obama’s DACA policy, has invited a Muslim American DACA recipient as his guest. BRIDGE stands for “Bar Removal of Individuals who Dream and Grow Our Economy Act. ” Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) also sponsored the bill. According to Politico, Durbin invited Aaima Sayed, a medical student whose parents brought her to the U. S. when she was three, to the address. “Would the United States be better off if Aaima is deported to Pakistan, where she hasn’t lived since she was a toddler, instead of using her talent as a physician to help   Americans? The answer is clear,” Durbin reportedly said in a statement. He added, “I am honored to host this gifted young medical student as my guest. I hope her presence reminds President Trump what’s at stake in the debate over DACA: the lives of more than 750, 000 innocent young people and the   of entire communities. ” According to the Migration Policy Institute, 67 percent of   individuals in the United States come from Mexico, five percent come from Guatemala, three percent from El Salvador, another three percent come from Korea, and two percent hail from Honduras. Politico reported that other Democrats who plan to bring DACA recipients to Trump’s address include Rep. Jerrold Nadler ( ) Rep. Jared Polis ( ) and Rep. Mark Pocan ( ). During a recent press conference, Trump said, “We’re gonna show great heart. DACA is a very, very difficult subject for me. ” He added, “To me, it’s one of the most difficult subjects I have because you have these incredible kids.   …     I love these kids. I love kids. I have kids and grandkids. And I find it very, very hard doing what the law says exactly to do, and, you know, the law is rough. ” Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz.",0
1849,Wrenching Choice in South Sudan: Starve or Risk Rape - The New York Times,"JUBA, South Sudan  —   At a sprawling displacement camp on the outskirts of the capital, women have faced a wrenching choice: risk starvation or sexual assault. When her family ran out of food last month, Angelina Nhokmar, a    mother of two, ventured outside the camp’s gates. She said she was lucky to have made it to the market and back unharmed, because dozens of women were raped by government soldiers in recent weeks as they made the same journey. “It’s not safe,” she said, tossing handfuls of sorghum into a pot of boiling water. “Our enemies are outside. ” The civil war that ripped apart South Sudan, the world’s youngest country, ended on paper months ago. But an eruption of clashes between the country’s rival factions in July put a chokehold on regular food distribution for the tens of thousands of people stranded in United   displacement camps. As families struggled to find sustenance, they endured an increase in health care crises, ethnic tensions and sexual violence. Nearly 30, 000 people have been sheltering at United Nations sites around the capital, Juba, since South Sudan erupted into civil war in 2013. For more than two years, soldiers loyal to President Salva Kiir  —   who belongs to the Dinka ethnic group, South Sudan’s largest  —   battled troops led by Riek Machar of the Nuer ethnic group, which is believed to be the second largest. Tens of thousands of people lost their lives in the war, and troops on both sides committed human rights abuses against civilians on a devastating scale. A peace deal officially ended the fighting last year. Mr. Machar, who had served as vice president before being fired in 2013, agreed to become Mr. Kiir’s deputy again and moved back to Juba in April. But then fighting broke out again between the two sides on July 7, killing hundreds. Mr. Machar’s residence was destroyed, and he fled the capital. He has refused to return to Juba unless more international troops are deployed. Mr. Kiir opposes this, arguing that the 12, 000 United Nations peacekeeping troops already stationed here are enough. For years, the displacement camps have been worlds unto themselves: communities complete with churches, shops and schools. But they are also plagued by overcrowding, recurring shortages of basic goods, and the uncertainty faced by residents who have no idea when, if ever, they will feel safe enough to leave. So they stay, cloistered inside   fences guarded by United Nations troops who have failed to keep peace in the capital or even to prevent assaults just outside the camps’ perimeters. Sexual assaults in Juba surged last month, to at least 217 reported cases, the United Nations human rights chief, Zeid Ra’ad   said Thursday in a statement. Members of South Sudan’s own national army, he said, seemed to be responsible for most of the assaults. And most of the victims, he added, were displaced Nuer women and girls. Many were women living in the camps who ventured out to the markets when food ran out. Others were fleeing the clashes and making their way to the displacement sites for the first time. The civilians who came to these camps in 2013 were overwhelmingly Nuer. Last week, thousands of them demonstrated against Mr. Kiir for recognizing a new vice president to take Mr. Machar’s place, calling it a violation of the peace deal. Such a gathering would be unimaginable now in central Juba. The streets of the capital are firmly under the control of the president’s forces, though they are still tense. Many properties have been destroyed, and many more looted  —   often by men wearing army uniforms. International partners have also suffered, including the United Nations peacekeeping mission, which lost two Chinese soldiers to crossfire inside the camp last month, and the World Food Program, whose main warehouse in South Sudan was looted from top to bottom in one of the worst such episodes the organization has experienced in years. It wasn’t just the food, which totaled about 4, 500 metric tons and consisted mostly of nutritional supplements for children and pregnant or nursing mothers, according to a spokeswoman, Challiss McDonough. “Everything was stripped,” she said. “Technical equipment, generators, fuel stocks  —   every single thing was gone. ” Also stolen were several trucks specially outfitted to deliver food across the country, a   task for normal vehicles in the current rainy season. That means the warehouse looting in Juba, which would have required a herculean effort involving hundreds of people over several days, will have ripple effects all across this desperately hungry country. Last week, the World Food Program, which still has a smaller warehouse in the vicinity of the capital, delivered a new shipment of food to the camps. But there is not enough for everyone. People said they had been asked to share their rations with thousands of newcomers. This has led to some friction, said Charles Longa, 25, a new arrival. Like many of the most recently displaced, he is not Nuer but Equatorian, a catchall term encompassing ethnic groups from the country’s diverse south. “The people who have been living here for a long time are telling us we’d better go home,” he said, blaming food shortages for the rising tensions. “We Equatorians don’t want to be in here, begging. We want to be out there, farming. ” Like many other new arrivals, Mr. Longa and his children had not yet been given a tent and were sheltering in a school in the center of the largest displacement site. He said he feared for his safety when, shortly after he arrived, an Equatorian was blamed for a killing just outside the camp, spurring a brief protest outside the school. William Tejok Toch, a community leader in the camp, acknowledged that the schoolyard had briefly been targeted, requiring intervention from United Nations police officers. “In the camps, we have our criminals,” he said. “But we manage the situation. ” Some who fled the clashes last month crowded into schools and churches in Juba, saying they did not want to risk the journey to the United Nations camps. Others said they had made the dangerous trek, but were turned away. “If you give shelter, you should give it to everyone,” said Azen Aziuphia, 41, who said that he, his wife and his son had been denied entry. He accused the peacekeepers of refusing to admit Equatorians like him, though the United Nations says it does not discriminate on the basis of ethnicity. The United Nations humanitarian chief, Stephen O’Brien, acknowledged that the sites had limited space, and that the registration of newcomers had been slow. He added that the camps were meant to accommodate only those with nowhere else to go. The camps were caught in the crossfire during the clashes last month, and at least 16 people died. Some families have buried loved ones on the edges of the camp, just beyond a coil of barbed wire. Now, the refuge is hemmed in on two sides by rows of shallow graves topped with makeshift crosses. Gatleak Jal, 32, who fled to the camp in 2013, suspects that Mr. Kiir’s troops deliberately targeted the United Nations sites. When gunshots were fired just beyond the walls three weeks ago, he was shot three times in the arm as he ran toward his tent, and then two times more  —   once in the abdomen, once in the leg  —   after he ducked into a trench for shelter. In a crowded medical center inside the camp, he lifted his shirt to reveal a patchwork of bloody bandages. “They didn’t put any medicine on this, because they ran out,” he said. “They’re only washing it with water. ” Mr. Longa, the new arrival, grew wistful thinking about the three brothers he had lost in three separate conflicts. One died in the war for independence against Sudan, another in the civil war two years ago, and one more in clashes last month, he said. All three were members of the army, he added. But now he wonders what they were fighting for. “We used to go to war for land, or for freedom,” he said. “But now they are confusing us, and making it about tribe. ”",0
1850,Sarah Palin for Veterans Affairs? A Wrestling Impresario for Small Business? - The New York Times,"  Donald J. Trump wants to keep New York’s crusading United States attorney on board, and is reportedly eyeing the professional wrestling impresario Linda McMahon for the Small Business Administration. And a new name has popped up to lead the Department of Veterans Affairs: Sarah Palin. The Department of Veterans Affairs’ massive network of hospitals and clinics has been under a microscope since scandalously long waiting lists and allegations of   burst into public. The management morass seemed so intractable that in 2014, President Obama pushed out a decorated former general, Eric Shinseki, and hired a former chief executive of Procter  Gamble, Robert A. McDonald, to sort it out. Now, according to people close to the transition, Mr. Trump is thinking of taking Veterans Affairs in a new direction, handing its reins to former Gov. Sarah Palin of Alaska. Given Mr. Trump’s passionate campaign pledges to the nation’s veterans, the response  —   if she is chosen  —   would be . .. interesting. Spotted at Trump Tower on Wednesday afternoon: Linda McMahon, the former chief executive of World Wrestling Entertainment, an outfit the   has some experience with. “The meeting went great,” she told reporters. “It was really nice to be up, and I was honored to be asked to come in. Anytime I think the   of the United States asks you to come in for a conversation, you’re happy to do that. We talked about business and entrepreneurs and creating jobs, and we talked about S. B. A. ” Her connections to Mr. Trump go beyond their mutual love of bloated men in spandex suits. Her net worth, estimated at around $855 million, would put her in the same income brackets as the candidates tapped to be the secretaries of Commerce, Treasury and Education, as well as the deputy Commerce secretary. Senate Democrats, unable to get their Republican counterparts involved, are looking at a new recruit to examine allegations of Russian tampering with the elections: President Obama. In a letter, written by Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon and signed by fellow members of the intelligence committee, seven senior Democrats asked the president to declassify and release “additional information concerning the Russian Government and the U. S. election. ” They cryptically added: “We are conveying specifics through classified channels. ” The Office of Government Ethics is usually a pretty quiet corner of the federal government, but when ethics officials thought that the   had vowed to sell off all of his assets into a blind trust, they came alive. In a series of Twitter posts, the ethics office was full of praise . .. for something Mr. Trump hasn’t actually done yet. Then: And: And finally, the coup de grâce: In fact, Mr. Trump has not said exactly what he will do, beyond a promised news conference on Dec. 15 to reveal his plans for his business empire. Preet Bharara, the United States attorney in Manhattan who has built a reputation as a fierce prosecutor of public corruption cases, said on Wednesday that he intended to remain in office under   Trump’s administration. Mr. Bharara, who was appointed in 2009 by Mr. Obama, disclosed his intention to stay on after emerging from a meeting with the   at Trump Tower. Mr. Bharara told reporters that Mr. Trump had asked to meet with him to discuss “whether or not I’d be prepared to stay on as the United States attorney to do the work as we have done it, independently, without fear or favor for the last seven years. ” “We had a good meeting,” Mr. Bharara continued. “I said I would absolutely consider staying on. I agreed to stay on. ” Mr. Bharara said that he had already talked to Senator Jeff Sessions, the Republican of Alabama who is Mr. Trump’s choice to be attorney general. “He also asked that I stay on, and so I expect that I will be continuing,” Mr. Bharara said. Appearing on the business cable channel CNBC, Steven Mnuchin, Mr. Trump’s pick for Treasury secretary, made a series of promises and pledges sure to be remembered in the years to come: ■ Mr. Trump’s tax cuts will be huge, with the corporate tax rate dropping to 15 percent from 35 percent. Mr. Mnuchin said: ■ But it will provide no net benefit to the rich. Details? Not many, but he did hint that he will push to cap the mortgage deduction for   and second homes. ■ The Trump administration expects sustained economic growth of 3 percent to 4 percent a year. “That is absolutely critical for the country,” Mr. Mnuchin said. Critical, perhaps, but difficult, considering the United States has not seen consistent growth like that since the 1990s. ■ The Trump administration will label China a currency manipulator “if we determine” that’s warranted. ■ The top regulatory priority will be eliminating “parts” of the   financial regulatory overhaul that discourage lending, but the administration will not push for a full repeal. Mr. Mnuchin: The   is full of surprises, but absent a big one, Wednesday morning’s announcements may be all we get for the rest of the week. In addition to Mr. Mnuchin, there were Wilbur Ross, a billionaire investor, for commerce secretary, and Todd Ricketts, part of the Ameritrade fortune and a part owner of the Chicago Cubs, for deputy commerce secretary. The Trump cabinet, assuming it is confirmed, will be worth billions of dollars (add Mr. Trump’s previously announced education secretary pick, Betsy DeVos of the Amway fortune). But the team is not shying away from its Wall Street and moneyed roots. Mr. Mnuchin said on CNBC: With Republicans expected to hold 52 seats in the Senate, blocking confirmation would be hard, but Democrats signaled that both men would face tough questioning. Mr. Mnuchin’s time atop a Los Angeles bank known for its foreclosures will definitely come up, as suggested by a joint comment released Wednesday by Senators Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Bernie Sanders of Vermont. Among the   himself, his commerce secretary pick, his deputy commerce pick, his education secretary choice and his prospective Treasury secretary, much of Mr. Trump’s team ranges from multimillionaires to billionaires. And that doesn’t include Ms. McMahon, no slouch on the money front. So is the incoming administration truly populist? Anthony Scaramucci, the financier and Trump transition official, had some thoughts Wednesday: Are millionaires and billionaires really “draining the swamp”? Mary Fallin, Oklahoma’s conservative Republican governor, is under consideration for interior secretary. Ms. Fallin had been floated as a potential   nominee shortly before the Republican National Convention over the summer. Her aide, Steve Mullins, is also being mentioned for a top staff post if she gets the job. With Alabama and New Mexico certifying their votes, an update is in order. Hillary Clinton’s popular vote lead over Mr. Trump climbed overnight to 2, 370, 700  —   or 1. 8 percentage points. Eleven states and the District of Columbia now record a higher percentage of votes for Mrs. Clinton than President Obama received in 2012. Mr. Trump said on Wednesday that he would leave his “great business in total” before moving into the Oval Office, promising further details next month about his efforts to avoid conflicts of interest as he becomes the nation’s 45th president. It is unclear whether the steps Mr. Trump is prepared to take would be enough to satisfy ethics experts who say that putting his children in charge of the business would not be enough to ensure that his official decisions are independent of his personal financial ones. His daughter Ivanka has attended a number of meetings with heads of state since the election, and she would be one of the main officers of the Trump Organization. In an interview with The New York Times last week, Mr. Trump said that presidents “can’t have a conflict of interest” and that it would be extremely difficult to sell his businesses because they are real estate holdings.",0
1851,Bundy Brother Acquittal Trolled In The Most Hilarious Way On Craigslist,"In the wake of the recent acquittal of the Bundy brothers and their co-conspirators, many people have voiced their upset at the injustice and possible race-driven decision. Though it’s... ",0
1852,Юный житель Стерлитамака спас жизнь выпавшей из окна девочке,"  
Юный житель поселка Строймаш Ярослав Адоньев живет вместе с бабушкой и сестрами. В апреле этого года он спас годовалого ребенка, который едва не выпал из окна. Рассказать о своем героическом поступке школьник решился только сейчас. 
По словам мальчика, в тот день он ждал на улице своих друзей и заметил, что на втором этаже на подоконнике стоит маленькая девочка. 
«Я её заметил и сразу понял: что-то плохое может произойти, - рассказал в интервью ""Стерлитамакскому рабочему"" Ярослав. - Смотрю, она всё ближе к краю подходит, ну и я приближаюсь. Только подумал - как ловить, а она уже летит. Руки успел подставить и упал под её весом». 
В итоге девочка только расплакалась, сам же он ничего не почувствовал от шока. Ярослав отделался царапинами на локтях и коленках. Немного придя в себя, мальчик побежал в квартиру, откуда выпал ребенок. Дверь никто не открыл, тогда Ярослав передал малышку соседям, которые позвонили ее матери. 
Мама спасенной девочки потом долго благодарила Ярослава. Поступок оценили и сотрудники полиции, приехавшие на место происшествия. 
Правда.ру ранее писала, что в Железнодорожном районе Хабаровской области после падения с высоты девятого этажа скончался 29-летний мужчина. 
По данным местных СМИ, буквально за несколько минут до трагедии молодой человек выпрыгнул из окна съемной квартиры, расположенной на четвертом этаже. Он спокойно поднялся на ноги, зашел в подъезд и вскоре вновь оказался под окнами дома. 
А недавно рядом с одной из многоэтажек Саранска полицейские обнаружили тело мужчины, одетого в маску и плащ, напоминающие костюм известного героя комиксов Бэтмена. По предварительной информации мужчина выпал из окна на десятом этаже. 
""Установлена личность погибшего, им оказался 51-летний житель многоэтажки, проживавший один на десятом этаже дома. По версии следствия, он покончил жизнь самоубийством"", - говорится в сообщении СУ СК по Республике Мордовия. 
""Сегодня около многоэтажного дома в Саранске было обнаружено тело мужчины с повреждениями, характерными для падения с высоты. На нем была маска и плащ, как у Бэтмэна"", - сообщил источник агентства РИА Новости. 
Правоохранительные органы уже начали доследственную проверку по факту гибели человека. Устанавливаются обстоятельства случившегося, и идет поиск возможных очевидцев трагедии. 
Напомним, что 27 мая в Саранске произошел похожий случай . 85-летний пенсионер упал с балкона, когда вешал белье. 
Его жена рассказала, что перед смертью он стирал белье. Потом он вышел на балкон, чтобы развесить вещи, но почему-то свалился за перила. 
Следователи не исключают, что мужчине стало плохо. У него могла закружиться голова или прихватило сердце. Кроме того, не снимают со счетов и версию о том, что мужчина выпал с балкона по своей воле. Поделиться:",0
1853,Trump Administration Defends Bannon’s Role on Security Council - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The Trump administration defended on Sunday a reorganization of the National Security Council that elevates the president’s chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon  —   a political adviser with no direct national security role  —   to full membership and downgrades the director of national intelligence and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. The alteration was contained in a memorandum issued late Saturday defining the organization of the National Security Council and the Homeland Security Council, the top   bodies inside the White House on everything from diplomacy to counterterrorism to crisis management to nuclear and cyberpolicy. Mr. Trump’s document drew from organizational precedents in the Obama and George W. Bush administrations. But the ascension of Mr. Bannon, who until last year was the head of Breitbart News, and the diminishment of the president’s top intelligence and military advisers took Democrats and Republicans by surprise. The new memo said that the intelligence director and the Joint Chiefs chairman would attend the “principals meetings”  —   the meeting of   officials  —   only when “issues pertaining to their responsibilities and expertise are to be discussed. ” Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said Sunday that Mr. Bannon’s past service as a Navy officer merited his attendance at all meetings, as part of a “streamlining” of  . He did not explain the downgrading of the   general who heads the Joint Chiefs, Joseph F. Dunford Jr. who rose through the Marine Corps and served in Iraq and Afghanistan. “Well, he is a former naval officer,” Mr. Spicer said of Mr. Bannon on ABC’s “This Week. ” “He’s got a tremendous understanding of the world and the geopolitical landscape that we have now. ” He added, “Having the chief strategist for the president in those meetings, who has a significant military background, to help make, guide what the president’s final analysis is going to be, is crucial. ” When pressed on General Dunford’s role, Mr. Spicer said, “The president gets plenty of information from the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. ” Current and former military officials said they suspected that the decision, in part, was prompted by the national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn, who retired as a   general after he was dismissed during the Obama administration as the head of the Defense Intelligence Agency. It was the previous director of national intelligence, James R. Clapper, who delivered the news to Mr. Flynn that he was being removed from his post. Throughout the transition, Mr. Flynn was reportedly hesitant to place many people around the National Security Council table who had outranked him in the military. Nonetheless, there are two in the cabinet: Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, who retired as a   general, and the secretary of homeland security, John F. Kelly, a retired   Marine Corps general who served for 45 years, ending his military career as the commander of United States Southern Command. Both men remain principals on the council. The C. I. A. director, Mike Pompeo, is not mentioned at all in the reorganization order. A week ago, Mr. Trump went to C. I. A. headquarters to assure officers there that he had their backs and valued their contributions. But Mr. Pompeo’s predecessor, John O. Brennan, was also not a formal member of the council, though he often attended meetings to provide intelligence assessments. Susan E. Rice, Mr. Flynn’s predecessor as national security adviser, denounced the downgrading of the intelligence director and the Joint Chiefs chairman. “This is stone cold crazy,” she wrote on Twitter. “Who needs military advice or intell to make policy on ISIL, Syria, Afghanistan, DPRK,” she said, using abbreviations for the Islamic State and North Korea. Former Defense Secretary Robert Gates, also appearing on ABC, questioned the wisdom of the move. John Bellinger, who was the counsel to the National Security Council during Mr. Bush’s administration, noted in a commentary on the Lawfare blog that Mr. Bannon’s role was highly unusual, because “the N. S. C. function usually does not include participants from the political side of the White House. ” He noted that Karl Rove, Mr. Bush’s top political strategist, did not attend council meetings. But in the early days of the Obama administration, David Axelrod, also a top political strategist, did attend many meetings resetting policy on Afghanistan and Pakistan  —   as a guest and an observer, but not as a full member of the council.",0
1854,"Georgetown University, Donald Trump, SpaceX: Your Thursday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Georgetown University is taking what historians say are unprecedented steps to atone for past slaveholding. The university will make a formal apology, give descendants of the enslaved preferential admissions status, rename buildings, create an institute for the study of slavery and erect a public memorial. _____ 2. Both backers and critics sorted through Donald Trump’s latest declarations on immigration, which included calls to end   sanctuary cities and “zero tolerance for criminal aliens. ” He kept plans for an “impenetrable, physical, tall, powerful, beautiful” wall at the border with Mexico. “He used us as props,” said one of Mr. Trump’s disillusioned conservative Hispanic supporters. Meanwhile, Mr. Trump’s team is laying careful groundwork for his visit to a black church in Detroit on Saturday. A document our reporters obtained includes 12 questions the pastor intends to ask him for a cable show  —   about police killings, racial tension and the perception among many black voters that he and the Republican Party are racist  —   along with the answers Mr. Trump’s aides have prepared. _____ 3. Hillary Clinton logged her most successful month of   bringing in $143 million in August. Most was for Democratic organizations rather than her own campaign, but the party can use the money to organize and mobilize voters. _____ 4. A SpaceX rocket exploded on a Florida launchpad while being fueled, destroying a communications satellite that Facebook had planned to use to expand internet service in Africa. SpaceX’s head, Elon Musk, said the cause had yet to be determined. The blast could delay NASA’s plans to use the same rocket, a Falcon 9, to carry astronauts and cargo to the International Space Station. _____ 5. Tens of thousands of protesters took over a major highway and several avenues and plazas in Caracas, the Venezuelan capital, demanding a referendum to recall President Nicolás Maduro. They railed against spiraling violence, a lack of jobs and widespread food shortages. “Sometimes I want to kill myself,” said a    mother. _____ 6. Chicago’s bloody summer has gotten worse. As of midnight Wednesday, the city had racked up 90 murders in August, its deadliest month in about 20 years. At a street protest, a priest pleaded for the governor to ask for federal intervention. “We’re tired of the blood,” he and other protesters called out. “We’re tired of the tears. We need peace. We need help. State of emergency!” _____ 7. Who really controls Anbang? The Chinese insurer has made a wave of   deals around the world, including buying the Waldorf Astoria in Manhattan, above. Listed shareholders include   merchants and villagers  —   some of them relatives and friends of its politically connected chairman. The confusion over who really pulls the strings makes it difficult for regulators to assess the riskiness of the deals. _____ 8. A South Carolina county’s campaign against the Zika virus went badly awry. A government employee failed to forewarn a commercial beekeeper of aerial spraying aimed at mosquitoes, and millions of honeybees were killed. A bee expert said the episode could have wider repercussions. “If you’re killing honeybees, you’re killing a lot of other   pollinators, too,” he said, “and those populations could take a long time to recover. ” _____ 9. The Paralympic Games, which begin next week, already have a star: Tatyana McFadden, 27, above right. Paralyzed from the waist down by spina bifida and adopted from a Russian orphanage, she could become the first athlete to sweep every distance in wheelchair racing, from the 100 meters to the marathon. A sister, above left, is racing in three of the same events. “We’re on the cusp of breaking the barriers for Paralympic sport,” Ms. McFadden said. _____ 10. Kanye West isn’t just one of the world’s most popular rappers. He’s also the creator of this sculpture, featuring 12 animatronic   icons snoozing together, including himself his wife, Kim Kardashian West Rihanna George W. Bush Taylor Swift Anna Wintour Donald Trump Bill Cosby and Caitlyn Jenner. The work, made by Mr. West’s art collective for his “Famous” video, is now on sale from a Los Angeles gallery. Price tag: $4 million. Above, Ms. Kardashian West admiring her silicone husband. _____ 11. Finally, we bring you “The Kittens’ Wedding,” an elaborate tableau completed in the 1890s by the Victorian taxidermist Walter Potter. “It’s such a perfect object, with a tension between the perverse and the adorable,” said the   of the Brooklyn museum, Morbid Anatomy, that is showing the work. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
1855,Publishers Encounter Political Storms in Turn to Right - The New York Times,"Milo Yiannopoulos  —   the infamous internet troll, Donald J. Trump supporter and editor at Breitbart News  —   has compared Islam to cancer, mocked transgender people and suggested that women who are harassed online should stay off the web. Last July, he was permanently barred from Twitter for violating the platform’s rules against hate speech and harassment. So when Threshold Editions, a conservative imprint at Simon  Schuster, gave him a   publishing contract, the blowback was swift and furious. There were calls for a boycott of all of the company’s books, a vast catalog of some 2, 000 titles from 50 imprints. Some of Simon  Schuster’s authors  —   including Karen Hunter, Danielle Henderson and Bradley Trevor Greive  —   denounced the publisher on social media. The Chicago Review of Books said it would not review any of the company’s books this year. The criticism highlights the minefield that publishers face as they try to court an emerging market of young conservatives who identify with extreme   stances on issues like immigration and gender equality  —   positions embodied with devious, irreverent glee by Mr. Yiannopoulos  —   that they feel are undermining the nation. Many liberals and moderates say, however, those positions amount to outright racism and misogyny. And the issue has cast an uncomfortable spotlight on a lucrative but often overlooked niche within the largely   publishing world. Every major publishing house has a conservative imprint  —   Penguin Random House has two, Sentinel and Crown Forum  —   and maintains a stable of   authors who may not attend literary festivals or mingle at the National Book Awards but command a sizable audience in red state America. Most mainstream publishers try to claim partisan neutrality and publish books across the political spectrum. (Simon  Schuster, for example, published Hillary Clinton’s memoir and campaign book, as well as Mr. Trump’s “Crippled America. ”) But occasionally, publishers get dragged into a political scrum. This past weekend, Broadside Books, a conservative imprint at HarperCollins, became embroiled in a controversy involving a CNN investigation that found that one of Broadside’s authors, the conservative radio host and columnist Monica Crowley, had plagiarized numerous passages in her 2012 best seller, “What the (Bleep) Just Happened. ” Ms. Crowley was recently selected by Mr. Trump to serve in a senior communications role at the National Security Council. In defending Ms. Crowley, the Trump transition team called the plagiarism charges “a politically motivated attack,” and described HarperCollins as one of “the largest and most respected publishers in the world,” invoking the company’s stature and reputation as way to lend credibility to the author. But on Tuesday, HarperCollins announced it was withdrawing the digital edition of the book until Ms. Crowley revises it with proper attribution, placing the publishing house in the awkward position of being at odds with the incoming administration. Conservative books have been a blockbuster category for publishers for decades, dating to the rise of   radio and cable in the 1980s. The genre exploded during Bill Clinton’s presidency and has thrived in the last eight years, under President Obama, as   writers forged a united front as ideological underdogs. For publishers, the books have been reliable cash cows. Bill O’Reilly’s historical “Killing” series has more than 17 million copies in print. In the weeks leading up to the election, the   lists were dominated by partisan polemics by Dinesh D’Souza, Michael Savage, Edward Klein and Gary J. Byrne, whose   book “Crisis of Character” sold some 247, 000 hardcover copies, according to Nielsen. But now, without conservatives filling the role as the voice of opposition, the urgency and potency of   books will almost certainly be diminished. And with the political principles that conservative writers have advocated  —   the repeal of Obamacare, a crackdown on immigration and the dismantling of environmental regulations  —   set to become the policy goals of a   government, the commercial future of conservative publishing looks far more unsettled. Publishers are proceeding cautiously. After the election, many editors quietly scrapped plans to publish books attacking Mrs. Clinton and canceled other sober reflections on the future of the Republican Party in the wake of a Trump defeat. Some are planning to release fewer titles in 2017. Others are returning to safer topics, like Ronald Reagan or the founding fathers. “Conservative publishing is always a better business when the other side is in power,” said Adam Bellow, the editorial director of a new political imprint at St. Martin’s Press. At the same time, the ideological identity of the right is murkier than it was before Mr. Trump became the nominee and then the   making it harder for conservatives to reach a broad readership. Will books that hold Mr. Trump accountable to his campaign pledges alienate his supporters, and will mainstream Republican politicians and pundits appeal to or repel his base? Will voices from more extreme wings of the Republican Party find a bigger foothold in publishing, further cementing their place in mainstream political discourse? In a way, it’s not surprising that a major publisher wants to appeal to Mr. Yiannopoulos’s base of young conservative followers. Mr. Bellow, who read Mr. Yiannopoulos’s proposal but did not bid on the book, said he was open to publishing other new voices from the     at St. Martin’s. “Donald Trump has brought into politics a lot of people who were previously excluded, and the boundary of political speech has shifted to the right,” Mr. Bellow said. “This is a new force in American politics, and they deserve to be heard. ” Simon  Schuster was far from alone in its willingness to embrace Mr. Yiannopoulos, according to his literary agent, Thomas Flannery Jr. who said “virtually every major conservative imprint expressed interest. ” Threshold  —   which has published books by Glenn Beck, Rush Limbaugh, Dick Cheney and, recently, Mr. Trump  —   was appealing to Mr. Yiannopoulos because “they don’t shy away from publishing controversial figures,” Mr. Flannery said. But the fury Simon  Schuster has encountered underscores the perils publishers face as they tailor their publishing plans to reflect volatile new political realities. Mr. Yiannopoulos, who is gay and describes himself in interviews as more of a cultural figure than a political one, is unlikely to appeal to older or more religious conservatives. His book “Dangerous”  —   which will address his relationship to the   his   role as a   crusader and his banishment from Twitter  —   is more of a memoir than a new conservative manifesto. Marji Ross, the president and publisher of Regnery, a conservative publishing house, said she considered Mr. Yiannopoulos’s book proposal but did not pursue it because she felt it would be too polarizing among mainstream conservatives. “Some of our market would have loved it, and some of our market would have been very uncomfortable with it,” Ms. Ross said. It is a dilemma many conservative writers and editors are now facing. As the political ideology of the right has been injected with populism and nationalism, conservative writers and publishers are wrestling with how to reach a wide audience now that a block of readers that was once reliably in lock step philosophically has splintered. Once dependable formulas for generating best sellers  —   write a book attacking the Clintons, plug it on Fox News, repeat  —   may no longer deliver a hit. “The 2016 election turned the political world upside down, and it also turned the publishing world upside down,” said Matt Latimer, a literary agent at Javelin whose clients include conservative writers. “The audience has fractured. A few years ago, a Paul Ryan book was widely embraced by conservative book buyers. Would Trump voters buy a Paul Ryan book today? I don’t know. ”   authors are also losing a reliable driver of book sales  —   the Clintons. Last year, Regnery alone had three   books that took aim at Mrs. Clinton, including its first graphic novel, “Clinton Cash,” adapted from the book by Peter Schweizer, and “Hillary’s America,” Mr. D’Souza’s book, which sold more than 200, 000 copies. “We had certainly planned to take advantage of those opportunities if Hillary Clinton had won the election, and we looked at several books that we had signed up or considered the day after the election and thought, well, those aren’t going to work,” Ms. Ross said. “Oftentimes, we have said here that what’s bad for America is good for Regnery book sales. ” Regnery has instead pivoted to courting Trump voters with forthcoming books like “How Trump Won,” by the Breitbart    Joel Pollak and Larry Schweikart, and a series of “Deplorables Guides” to issues like immigration, gun control and climate change, using a moniker Trump’s supporters adopted for themselves. “The mood of our market is far, far different with Trump as president than it would have been with Hillary Clinton as president,” Ms. Ross said. “It’s hopeful, but cautious. ”",0
1856,The Conspiracy “Theory” Conspiracy [Video Documentary],"Hundreds of news clips, declassified documents, and evidence demonstrating the establishment media’s propaganda campaign against conspiracy theories and the truth. A Documentary Film by Adam Green SF Source Know More News Oct. 2016 Share this:",0
1857,"The Libertarian Party Just Gave Up On Winning, Endorsed Hillary Over Trump","Comments 
The Libertarian vice-presidential nominee, Bill Weld, has accepted that his ticket’s longshot bid for the presidency is doomed, and has demanded that voters give their votes to Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton instead. He will remain on the ticket but will solely work towards stopping Trump for the remainder of the election cycle. 
The Libertarian ticket, usually popular with a small margin of voters with a particularly poor understanding of basic economics and the Constitution, were looking like they were going to put up a surprisingly strong performance as Republican nominee Donald Trump dragged the GOP brand into the mud, until a series of inexcusable gaffes by presidential nominee Gary Johnson destroyed what little credibility they had. 
In a statement today, Weld roundly tore into Trump for his unfitness to command and his moral deficiencies . 
“I would like to address myself to all those in the electorate who remain torn between two so-called major party candidates whom they cannot enthusiastically support. I’m speaking particularly to those Republicans who feel that our President should exhibit commonly accepted standards of decency and discipline. 
Mr. Trump has some charisma and panache, and intellectual quickness. These qualities can be entertaining. Yet more than charisma, more even than intellectual ability, is required of a serious candidate for this country’s highest office. A serious candidate for the Presidency of the United States must be stable, and Donald Trump is not stable. 
“Throughout this campaign, Mr. Trump has demonstrated an inability to handle criticism or blame well. His first instinct is to lash out at others. When challenged, he often responds as a child might. He makes a sour face, he calls people by insulting names, he waves his arms, he impatiently interrupts. Most families would not allow their children to remain at the dinner table if they behaved as Mr. Trump does. He has not exhibited the self-control, the discipline, or the emotional depth necessary to function credibly as a President of the United States. 
“From the beginning of his campaign, Mr. Trump has conjured up enemies. First it was eleven million criminals in our midst, all bent on obtaining the benefits of citizenship, at our expense. Over time, the enemies became any trading partner of the United States. He says they are nothing but foreigners seeking to threaten our livelihoods. Now we have reached the point where his idea of America’s enemies includes almost anyone who talks or looks different from him. The goal of the Trump campaign, from the outset, has been to stir up envy, resentment, and group hatred. 
This is the worst of American politics. I fear for our cohesion as a nation, and for our place in the world, if this man who is unwilling to say he will abide by the result of our national election becomes our President. This is not the time to cast a jocular or feel-good vote for a man whom you may have briefly found entertaining. Donald Trump should not, cannot, and must not be elected President of the United States.” He’s absolutely right. While the inclusion of more political parties into our stagnant two-party system can only be healthy for our democracy, unfortunately this is not the right moment. Donald Trump is a clear and present danger to our nation as we know it, and stopping him must be our number one priority. This is not the time to throw away a vote on the Libertarian Party.",0
1858,Trump Has Hissy Fit After Reporter Points Out Pausing Campaign To Open Hotel Is Really Dumb (VIDEO),"October 26, 2016 Trump Has Hissy Fit After Reporter Points Out Pausing Campaign To Open Hotel Is Really Dumb (VIDEO)   
Don’t bother pointing out how incredibly dim-witted it is to pause a losing campaign just days away from Election Day to open up a luxury hotel to the Republican nominee, Trump doesn’t want to hear it. 
After inexplicably spending a day participating in an opening ceremony for a new Trump Hotel in Washington DC, its namesake was in no mood to discuss his failing campaign. CNN’s Dana Bash learned that the hard way when she asked the question on everyone’s mind: What were you thinking? 
Rather than answer, Trump threw a hissy fit. 
“I say the following: You have been covering me for the last — long time. I did yesterday eight stops and three major speeches, and I’ve been doing this for weeks straight,” Trump said. 
“For you to ask me that question is actually very insulting because Hillary Clinton does one stop and then she goes home and sleeps. And yet you’ll ask me that question. I think that’s a very rude question, to be honest with you.” Dana Bash: Is your DC hotel opening free advertising? Donald Trump: “No, not at all” https://t.co/6OZtrfIwim https://t.co/9HHqooom8r 
— CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) October 26, 2016 
For those keeping score that short answer checks a lot of boxes: Whining about the media Flagrant conspiracy theory about Hillary Clinton’s health Groundless accusation that asking a simple question is “rude” No answer whatsoever 
Trump may be testy due to his slow realization that his campaign is under water, he has no practical way forward, and it would take a miracle to win. 
Instead of even trying, he seems to be retreating to the things he knows will make him money after the election. His campaign recently launched the prototype to “Trump TV,” a daily live stream filled with confused campaign staffers, shameless opportunists and Rudy Giuliani. He also seems desperate to salvage his failing properties, something that may not be possible after running a campaign that offended practically every group in America. 
Already there are signs that Trump’s hotels have taken a hit. Yahoo explains : Rates for rooms at Trump’s new D.C. hotel are being slashed as travelers weigh their options, and smartphone data suggest fewer people are visiting his properties compared to rival venues nearby. The Republican nominee for president is in danger of losing not just the election, but something dear to a man who claims the marketing value of his name alone is worth $3 billion: the many customers, mostly wealthy, who have stayed at his hotels, played a round at his golf courses or held galas at his oceanside resorts. 
Trump may find that his bigotry has cost him not only the election, but the fortune he valued more than his reputation as well. 
Featured image via Twitter",0
1859,Стоит ли ожидать конца войны в Сирии? | Новое восточное обозрение,"Страна: Сирия В своей новой статье постоянный обозреватель НВО Тони Карталучи отмечает, что многие до сих пор связывают надежды на окончание конфликта в Сирии с фигурой Дональда Трампа. Автор напоминает, что агрессия против Дамаска является лишь частью более грандиозного плана по уничтожению Ирана, который был запущен в действие Джорджем Бушем и затем подхвачен администрацией Барака Обамы. И поскольку среди ближайших советников Трампа внимательный наблюдатель может заметить немало неоконов, единственная надежда сирийского народа на мир продолжает таиться где-то на поле боя. С полной версией статьи вы можете ознакомиться здесь . Популярные статьи ",0
1860,Arctic Foxes Grow Gardens on Their Dens,"Foxes in Arctic Alaska are creating beautiful gardens around their dens. 

These 6 to 12 pound foxes mostly prey on lemmings and small game and are found throughout the circumpolar Arctic, from Alaska and Canada even up into Europe and Greenland. 

By digging their dens, and creating a safe hiding place for their offspring and a home to live in that is safe from the elements, they are fertilizing the ground and creating a nutrient rich for plants. 

Some dens are over a century old, and due to the harshness of the Arctic frozen ground, some dens take years to fully develop. Foxes sometimes reuse old den sites or steal dens from smaller animals like squirrels. The best dens are the ones that are elevated on ridges, mounds, or riverbanks. 

Arctic foxes can have litters that contain as many as 16 cubs. They deposit high amounts of nutrients in and around their dens through urination, defecation, and left over kills. Because of this fertilization, vibrant diamondleaf willows and yellow wildflowers pop up from their dens, coloring the otherwise gray landscape. 

These dens exist throughout the Arctic and they turn the otherwise gray landscape into something that is spectacularly beautiful. These dens also boost the environment by creating more plant diversity. This greatly helps herbivores find food during the short summers, which in turn helps carnivores. The ongoing cycle provides more food, and better health to animals living in an otherwise desolate region. 

Many species such as caribou and other herbivores visit these dens creating a great environment for healthy growth within the ecosystem. 

The cute foxes have been dubbed the “ecosystem engineers”. 

 ",0
1861,U.S. Bombs ISIS Camps in Libya - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Two United States Air Force   bombers attacked Islamic State training camps in Libya overnight, killing more than 80 militants, including some who were involved in plotting terrorist attacks in Europe, the Pentagon said on Thursday. The attack, which also included strikes by armed reaper drones flying from a base in Sicily, was a parting shot from President Obama at the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, and one of his final actions as commander in chief. “We need to strike ISIL everywhere they show up,” Ashton B. Carter, the departing defense secretary, told reporters. “We know that some of the ISIL operatives in Libya were involved in plotting attacks in Europe. ” Islamic State fighters were driven out of Surt, the group’s coastal stronghold, last year by Libyan fighters backed by American air power. After conducting 495 strikes against truck bombs, heavy guns, tanks and command bunkers in the city, the Pentagon’s Africa Command announced an end to air operations on Dec. 19. But the taking of Surt did not put an end to Islamic State operations in Libya. The militant group is believed to have several hundred fighters in the country. Many of them, including fighters who fled from Surt, began to regroup at two training camps about 25 miles southwest of the city, officials said. When the initial flurry of airstrikes in Surt were completed last year, Mr. Obama asked to be notified if the Pentagon saw another opportunity to strike. On Monday, Mr. Obama approved airstrikes against the camps. “We had 100 terrorists training,” said Peter Cook, the Pentagon press secretary. “That was a risk we could not accept. ” To buttress its assertions, the Pentagon released surveillance video of the militants at one of the camps unloading   grenades and shells from a truck. The   bombers dropped more than 100   bombs and were chosen in part for their ability to loiter over the target area, Pentagon officials say. After the   dropped their bombs, the Reaper drones followed up with their strikes. The Pentagon did not say whether any of the plots it said were being hatched at the camps were imminent, whether senior Islamic State commanders were among the targets, or if Libyan fighters supported by the United States moved in on the ground after the strikes were carried out. Jonathan Winer, the Obama administration’s special envoy to Libya, told Congress in November that the Islamic State, as it suffered defeats in Surt, was most likely forming cells elsewhere in the country. He called on Libyans to unite behind the country’s fledgling Government of National Accord to combat the terrorists. A recent analysis by the American Enterprise Institute, a policy organization in Washington, found that Islamic State militants operating as “desert brigades” south of Surt had ambushed Libyan military positions, disrupted supply lines with explosives and established checkpoints on key roads. The Islamic State is recruiting foreign fighters into southern Libya and is most likely relying on the same havens used by Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, according to the analysis. Mr. Carter, at a Pentagon news conference, suggested that the Islamic State would continue to have a foothold in Libya as long as the country was racked by internal strife. “As long as the conditions of civil war are there, the Libyans don’t have the unity,” Mr. Carter said. “If they did, I think they themselves could make short work of ISIL. ” The two   bombers flew a   mission of about 34 hours from Whiteman Air Force Base in Missouri, military officials said. It was the first time that a   had been used in combat since March 2011, when three of the planes carried out airstrikes in Libya.",0
1862,This is how a newspaper covered the story of a car smashing into their office,"Next Swipe left/right This is how a newspaper covered the story of a car smashing into their office 
@Wizbates over on Twitter says, “Best headline ever. The splash is that a car drove into the newspaper’s office”",0
1863,Nikki Haley Blasts U.N. Human Rights Council Before Visit: ’A Haven for Dictators’,"Nikki Haley, U. S. ambassador to the United Nations, has penned a blistering   targeting the controversial U. N. Human Rights Council. She uses her toughest language yet and slams the body as a “haven for dictators” ahead of a visit to its headquarters in Switzerland next week. [“When the world’s preeminent human rights body is turned into a haven for dictators, the idea of international cooperation in support of human dignity is discredited,” she says in an   for the Washington Post, published Friday.  Haley is due to address the Council in Geneva on June 6 —  the   address to the Council by a U. S. Permanent Representative —  before she then travels to Israel, where she will meet with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and visit a number of Israeli historical sites. The visit to Switzerland is likely to be a tense one. The Trump administration has reportedly contemplated an exit from the Council over its   bias and its questionable membership, which includes countries such as Cuba, Venezuela, and Saudi Arabia. A Senate subcommittee met last month to assess if the U. S. should remain a member of the body.  The U. S. boycotted the Council’s opening session in March over the   agenda before it, and Haley herself has called the Council “so corrupt” and filled with “bad actors,” using it to protect their own behavior.  In her piece for the Post, titled “The U. N. Human Rights Council whitewashes brutality,” Haley notes that the Council has done good work in places such as North Korea but says that it also allows countries on the Council, such as Venezuela and Cuba, to have their abuses ignored:  Venezuela is a member of the council despite the systematic destruction of civil society by the government of Nicolás Maduro through arbitrary detention, torture and blatant violations of freedom of the press and expression. Mothers are forced to dig through trash cans to feed their children. This is a crisis that has been 18 years in the making. And yet, not once has the Human Rights Council seen fit to condemn Venezuela. Calling on the U. N. to “reclaim the legitimacy of this organization,” Haley says she will outline the needed changes when she visits the Council. Those changes include competitive voting for membership on the council —  to keep “the worst human rights abusers from obtaining seats” and end the practice of singling out Israel for criticism. “When the council passes more than 70 resolutions against Israel, a country with a strong human rights record, and just seven resolutions against Iran, a country with an abysmal human rights record, you know something is seriously wrong,” she says. Adam Shaw is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York. Follow Adam on Twitter: @AdamShawNY.",0
1864,"Once a Trump Critic, Nikki Haley Casts Herself as His Leading Diplomat - The New York Times","UNITED NATIONS  —   Before and after he became president, Donald J. Trump made it pretty clear that he didn’t see much value in the United Nations. So when he named Nikki R. Haley as his choice for United Nations ambassador, many wondered whether he was simply shunting a tough critic into a trivial post. In the past week, Ms. Haley has made it increasingly clear that she has no intention of being sidelined. To the contrary, as diplomats at the United Nations saw it, she managed to elbow herself into a leading, outspoken role in the Trump administration. On Wednesday, wielding pictures of dead Syrian children, she was the first senior official in the administration to warn that the United States could take unilateral action against Syria’s president for the chemical attack that killed more than 80 people in his country. The same day, she was named a full member of the coveted principals’ committee on Mr. Trump’s National Security Council, where crucial policy work is done. In the United Nations Security Council, she pushed for a sharply worded draft resolution to remind the Syrian government to share the flight logs of all its air operations with international investigators. She confronted Russia for blocking it, and on Thursday evening, in what diplomats described as tense,   negotiations, Ms. Haley not only rejected a compromise, but made it clear she was not happy to be led by other countries in the direction of a compromise. Their attempt at diplomacy had changed her script of pushing Russia to veto. Soon after she walked out of the Council’s chambers that evening, news emerged that the United States had, in fact, fired dozens of Tomahawk missiles at an air base in Syria. Diplomacy is as much theatrics as it is dialogue. And Ms. Haley, 45, a former governor of South Carolina, has created at least the impression among her fellow ambassadors that she is carving out a space for herself in an administration where it isn’t always clear who is guiding contentious policy. The French ambassador, François Delattre, concluded Thursday evening that she was “clearly very influential in the Trump administration. ” On Friday, it was left to her to dangle yet another warning. She called the American strikes “fully justified,” though she offered no clear legal justification. “The United States took a very measured step last night,” she said during a Security Council meeting. “We are prepared to do more. But we hope that will not be necessary. ” Ms. Haley’s office has not responded to repeated requests for interviews, but when asked onstage at the Women in the World conference in New York on Wednesday whether she liked her the job, she cheerfully put it this way: “You can move the ball. It’s not just about talking. ” Is she actually setting foreign policy? That would be highly unusual for any envoy to the United Nations. But in these unusual days, vital positions in the State Department remain vacant, Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson is far more distant from the public than his predecessors, and many American embassies are still without an ambassador. That, say current and former American officials, seems to have given Ms. Haley, a neophyte in foreign affairs who works closely with a small band of trusted political aides, a great deal of visibility and, possibly, latitude. “I think she has been, from the beginning, willing to be out front with policy statements before the White House or Secretary Tillerson,” said Michèle Flournoy, a Pentagon official in the Obama administration and now chief executive of the Center for a New American Security. “She right now has established herself as the more public voice of American diplomacy. That may be by design. ” But given that Ms. Haley has no foreign policy background, many wonder if the United Nations job is simply a useful steppingstone for her political ambitions. Her remarks on world affairs are usually leavened by slogans  —   “call them out” is one of her favorites when referring to nations that run counter to American interests. Her statements are also sometimes thin on substance, offering no blueprint on how to approach North Korea or Iran, or how to make the United Nations deliver “value,” as she says, for American taxpayers. “By being so high profile and ready to pronounce, there may be a perception that she’s more focused on positioning herself publicly than learning all the complexities of the job,” said Suzanne Nossel, a former State Department official who noted that the hard lessons of diplomacy come from experience. United States decisions on crucial United Nations matters used to take shape through consultations among senior officials and experts in New York and Washington. These days, policies are drafted in Ms. Haley’s office, and sent to Washington to clear, according to two American officials who were not authorized to speak on the record. The policies are on everything from how to handle peacekeeping missions to what to do about United States membership in the United Nations Human Rights Council to who will be part of the delegation to the annual women’s rights meeting. Ms. Haley came to United Nations headquarters two months ago with a brash promise that she would be “taking names” of those who did not side with the United States. She brought with her a handful of aides from South Carolina and hired a few conservative advisers. Those in her inner circle meet every morning on the 21st floor of the United States mission. Career foreign service staff members are invited only as necessary. Ms. Haley is close to powerful members of Congress, including Senator Lindsey Graham, a fellow South Carolina Republican, who sits on the Appropriations Committee, and Senator Bob Corker, Republican of Tennessee, who leads the Foreign Relations Committee. She has said she speaks to Mr. Trump often, including a talk on Wednesday, the same day she dangled the possibility of unilateral American action in Syria. Her political instincts have been on sharp display. She posts on Twitter about her dog, roots for South Carolina sports and wears the symbol of her home state  —   a palmetto and crescent moon  —   as a locket around her neck. She got a rousing welcome at an American Israel Public Affairs Committee conference in March her high heels, she told that audience to great applause, could be useful for kicking those she needed to. And she heard a collective murmur of disbelief when, during a talk at the Council on Foreign Relations, she defended the president’s travel ban by pointing to last month’s terrorist attack in London the crime was the handiwork of a native Briton, not a migrant. She has used her time here to speak out, again and again, on a handful of issues that have domestic political currency: Iran, Israel, toughness on Russia. She has promised to make the United Nations more efficient, and said she and the secretary general, António Guterres, “think alike. ” (She aligned herself with the Tea Party he was president of the Socialist International.) Several diplomats noted privately that Ms. Haley had not bothered to go around and meet most of them, and only on the highest profile subjects has she been present in the Security Council. In contrast to her predecessor, Samantha Power, Ms. Haley goes home in time for dinner with her family most days. She said she was appalled by how much overtime staff members had piled up before she arrived. She has been seemingly at odds with her boss on at least two things. She has repeatedly expressed her distrust of Russia, insisting that sanctions should be maintained for its annexation of Crimea. And she maintained that the United States remained committed to a   solution for the   conflict, even after the president vaguely suggested otherwise. R. Nicholas Burns, a veteran United States diplomat and a trenchant critic of the president, called her “one of the most pragmatic and one of the most courageous voices in the administration. ” He pointed to her insistence that sanctions on Russia should remain, even as Mr. Trump signaled his admiration for the Russian president. “In this case, within the fluidity of this administration, she has been a refreshing tough voice,” Mr. Burns said. “I wouldn’t say formally she was making policy. She was articulating positions that were not repudiated by others in the administration, and in some cases they then followed her lead. ”",0
1866,Halloween and The One World Religion,"Halloween and The One World Religion The Meaning of Halloween 
Christian fundamentalism is a ‘malignant form of Christianity’ more dangerous than Islamic terrorism, scholar says – The Blaze 
A humanist scholar has declared Christian fundamentalism more dangerous than Islamic terrorism, the Chicago Maroon reported. 
Catherine M. Wallace, an author and faculty member at Northwestern’s Feinberg School of Medicine, told an audience last week near the University of Chicago that a Christian fundamentalist “in control of nuclear codes was a much, much greater threat” than Islamic terrorists who “need to put bombs on their own children and send young men in to kill themselves” in order to “blow up a concert,” the paper said. 
Wallace — a historian and “Christian humanist,” the Maroon said — noted that Christian fundamentalism has roots in the American South: “The religious right in its most contemporary form has an origin in Southern opposition to desegregation and to the Civil Rights Movement … a transparently racist appeal.” 
She added that radicalism comes from a literal interpretation of the Bible. “Nobody in the ancient world would have read the Bible literally,” she said, the Maroon reported, adding that a literal reading of scripture is a modern construct. 
“Christian fundamentalism is a malignant form of Christianity,” Wallace said, 
Christian Fundamentalism – Collins English Dictionary states, “Is the belief that every word of the Bible is divinely inspired and therefore true and advocates strict adherence to the fundamental principles of that set of beliefs. 
Jesus and the Apostles would be considered fundamentalists. 
John 8:24 Jesus said, “I said therefore unto you, that ye shall die in your sins: for if ye believe not that I am he, ye shall die in your sins.” 
John 10:1, “Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that entereth not by the door into the sheepfold, but climbeth up some other way, the same is a thief and a robber.” 
Acts 4:12, “Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.” 
In 2016, I am a fundamentalist. I believe that the Bible is the word of God, that it is the absolute truth and that it requires strict adherence to the doctrines taught in the Bible to be saved. 
Matthew 24:3-4, “And as he sat upon the mount of Olives, the disciples came unto him privately, saying, Tell us, when shall these things be? and what shall be the sign of thy coming, and of the end of the world?” 
In response to this question, the first words out of Jesus’ mouth were, “…Take heed that no man deceive you.” 
Never forget: “A strict adherence to the doctrines taught in the Bible is absolutely essential for salvation.” Join the Conversation",0
1867,ELECTION EVE BOMBSHELL : Wikileaks Reveals Analysts at Intelligence Firm Believe Hillary Killed Vince Foster – TruthFeed,"ELECTION EVE BOMBSHELL : Wikileaks Reveals Analysts at Intelligence Firm Believe Hillary Killed Vince Foster ELECTION EVE BOMBSHELL : Wikileaks Reveals Analysts at Intelligence Firm Believe Hillary Killed Vince Foster Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 7, 2016 
Wikileaks has cast a harsh light of TRUTH on a dark and disturbed Clinton campaign. 
Hillary’s campaign is comprised of extremely wealthy elites who exist in an avant-garde world filled with bizarre ritualistic practices that play out like a fantastical plot out of a foreign snuff film. 
From pay to play scams designed to make the Clintons wealthy to satanic rituals called Spirit Cooking to accusations of pedophilia and murder – it’s all weaved throughout the Wikileaks email drop like a tapestry of dark and sinister perversion. 
In what cold be one the biggest BOMBSHELLS yet, Wikileaks reveals that analysts at an intelligence firm believe that Hillary Clinton had one-time Deputy White House counsel Vince Foster murdered – a rumor that has plagued the Clintons for decades. 
The “Ron Brown” referred to in the above email is this man, Secretary of Commerce. 
Notice the email states that Ron’s assassination had the “earmarks” of Hillary’s “method of disposal…” of a “talkative” secretary of commerce. 
Interesting choice of words, wouldn’t you say? 
That’s what led to the comment regarding Vince Foster’s murder. 
Some may consider that an “off the cuff” comment. 
Hardly. 
And certainly not happenstance once the totality of the Foster story unfolds. 
Foster was found dead in Fort Marcy Park, just outside of Washington, D.C., on July 20, 1993. 
His death was ruled a suicide, but new documents call “suicide” into question. 
Serious question. 
This recently uncovered evidence suggests Vince Foster did not commit suicide. 
The evidence shows that he died of two gunshot wounds to the neck, and not the one wound initially reported. 
The flies were discovered in the National Archives and Records Administration. 
The injuries on Foster’s neck were not reported in official government documents. 
At the time, the FBI said that Foster’s neck injury photos were underexposed and useless. 
Many people who have studied the case and raised concerns that it was a murder cover up have become targets of Clinton and Clinton associates backlash. 
But the facts remain – records indicate Foster didn’t die from one .38 caliber gunshot. 
He died from TWO gunshots . 
Furthermore, the second shot, on right side of his neck was made by a “small caliber” bullet hole. 
This raises serious questions about Foster’s motives for suicide. 
He was tied to Hillary Clinton’s roles in White House scandals at Whitewater and the White House Travel Office. 
Vince Foster was one of Hillary’s closest friends, and he had intimate knowledge of these two scandals. 
The theory is that Vince Foster was murdered to make sure he didn’t tell the world what he knew about President Bill Clinton and his wife, Hillary. 
He has a reputation of being too honest, and therefore, many speculate he could no longer be trusted. 
This is just ANOTHER scandal in a decades-long history of scams, secrets, and rumors or sinister wrongdoing, unethical actions, and morally corrupt behavior that follows the Clintons. 
America, for the love of everything HOLY – do not welcome further corruption and degradation into the White House. 
We’ve gone decades now placing unscrupulous people in power. 
It’s time for REAL CHANGE . 
It’s time to out an END TO THE CLINTONS . 
It’s time for you and me to come first . 
#AmericaFrist This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. Share on Pinterest Share No Responses ",0
1868,Louis C.K. Just Gave The Best Assessment Of The 2016 Election Yet – And He’s With Her (VIDEO),"By April Hamlin Election 2016 , Politics , Videos November 2, 2016 Louis C.K. Just Gave The Best Assessment Of The 2016 Election Yet – And He’s With Her (VIDEO)   
Louis C.K. just summed up the 2016 election in a few short minutes and he absolutely nailed it. And in case you were wondering, he is definitely with her. 
The Emmy award-winning actor sat down with Conan O’Brien and explained that he isn’t voting for Hillary Clinton because he thinks she is the lesser of two evils. He is voting for her because he thinks she is the best person for the job. 
He pointed out that Clinton won’t just be the first woman to serve as president of the United States, she will be the first mother to hold the office. This he said, makes all the difference. Up until now, we have only had fathers in the White House. 
“A great father can give a kid 40 percent of his needs. Tops,” C.K. said. On the other hand, he continued, “any mother, just a shitty mother, a not even trying mother? 200 percent.” 
C.K. continued, pointing out that despite all the abuse she has taken over the years, she is still kicking a** and taking names. After giving what may be the best endorsement of Clinton that I have heard to date, he then broke the election down in terms that were crystal clear and added that “if you’re a liberal who’s not gonna vote, you’re a piece of shit.” 
“If you vote for Hillary you’re a grownup; if you vote for Trump you’re a sucker; if you don’t vote for anyone, you’re an asshole.” 
Watch Louis C.K. explain why we need “a tough bitch mother” sitting in the Oval Office, here. It’s definitely one you don’t want to miss: 
Featured image via video screen capture",0
1869,Chart Of The Day: Real Final Sales—The History Of Lower,"Chart Of The Day: Real Final Sales---The History Of Lower By David Stockman.   
 ",0
1870,"An Ambrosial Cake, and That’s Just the Filling - The New York Times","I’ve long been a fan of shaggy white coconut layer cakes, filled and frosted with   meringue. But it was only recently that I encountered its more flamboyant cousin, the ambrosia cake. It’s got the white cake layers, billowing frosting and shredded coconut of the classic, crossed with the juicy citrus of ambrosia, the salad or dessert of oranges or mandarins, pineapple, strawberries and coconut embedded in whipped topping or sour cream. Sometimes a few marshmallows are thrown in for good measure. I didn’t grow up eating ambrosia. I didn’t even meet it in the flesh until college, when the cafeteria served it at the salad bar. One of my friends spooned up a hefty portion, explaining that it reminded her of her granny. It also came with a warning: “If your granny didn’t make it, it might not be your thing. ” My granny didn’t make it, and it isn’t my thing. But those same elements combined in a cake? That I can appreciate. Because there are so many ambrosia variations  —   almost as many as there are grannies  —   there are many versions of ambrosia cake. Some go all out in the fruit department, using oranges or mandarins, pineapple and bananas. Some add the likes of pecans, maraschino cherries and miniature marshmallows. All have some kind of white frosting and a liberal coating of shredded coconut. In my version, I opt for fewer elements and use them in several ways. I skip pineapple and bananas and stick with citrus, choosing seedless clementines over mandarins and oranges. Some are juiced and stirred into a tangy curd to slather between the layers. I cut others into sections to add a fresh burst of fruit. If you miss the pineapple and bananas, feel free to add some to the filling. Similarly, the coconut appears in the cake itself (as coconut milk, oil and, if you would like, coconut rum or extract) and again in a shredded form in the filling and as a garnish. You can use either sweetened or unsweetened shredded coconut. Sweetened is the more traditional choice. But with its abundance of marshmallowlike meringue frosting, this cake doesn’t need the extra sugar. But I go for sweetened coconut every time. I don’t love it as a salad garnish, but on a cake, it’s ambrosial. Recipe: Ambrosia Cake Follow NYT Food on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Pinterest. Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice.",0
1871,Will Michelle Obama Be The Replacement Nominee If The FBI Email Investigation Ends Hillary Clinton’s Campaign?,"Posted by Michael Snyder 
I realize that this headline must sound extremely bizarre, but in this article I will explain why this could actually happen. We have just learned that the FBI has obtained a search warrant that will enable the agency to examine approximately 650,000 emails that are sitting on electronic devices owned by Huma Abedin and her estranged husband Anthony Weiner. Now that the FBI is going through these emails, it is unlikely but still possible that a decision about whether or not to charge Hillary Clinton with a crime could be made by November 8th. Of course the most likely scenario is that Hillary Clinton will not be indicted before election day and that Americans will be voting with this scandal hanging ominously over the Clinton campaign. But if the FBI does quickly take action, it is possible that Hillary Clinton could be forced from the race before election day, and that would require the Democrats to come up with a new candidate. 
In fact, there are already calls in the mainstream media for Clinton to willingly remove herself from the race. For example, the following comes from a Chicago Tribune article entitled “ Democrats should ask Clinton to step aside “… 
So what should the Democrats do now? 
If ruling Democrats hold themselves to the high moral standards they impose on the people they govern, they would follow a simple process: 
They would demand that Mrs. Clinton step down, immediately, and let her vice presidential nominee, Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia, stand in her place. 
Democrats should say, honestly, that with a new criminal investigation going on into events around her home-brew email server from the time she was secretary of state, having Clinton anywhere near the White House is just not a good idea. 
But what the author of that article does not understand is that Tim Kaine would not automatically take her place if Clinton steps down before the election. In a previous article , I included a quote from a U.S. News & World Report article that explained what would happen if Hillary Clinton was removed from the Democratic ticket for some reason prior to November 8th… 
If Clinton were to fall off the ticket, Democratic National Committee members would gather to vote on a replacement. DNC members acted as superdelegates during this year’s primary and overwhelmingly backed Clinton over boat-rocking socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont. 
DNC spokesman Mark Paustenbach says there currently are 445 committee members – a number that changes over time and is guided by the group’s bylaws, which give membership to specific officeholders and party leaders and hold 200 spots for selection by states, along with an optional 75 slots DNC members can choose to fill. 
But the party rules for replacing a presidential nominee merely specify that a majority of members must be present at a special meeting called by the committee chairman. The meeting would follow procedures set by the DNC Rules and Bylaws Committee and proxy voting would not be allowed. 
So if this email scandal forced Hillary Clinton to exit the race at the last minute, a majority of the members of the Democratic National Committee would gather to select a new nominee. 
Who would they choose? 
Let’s take a look at the top five options… 
#1 Tim Kaine 
He would seem to be an obvious choice since he is Hillary Clinton’s running mate. But to win a national campaign you need to have name recognition, and most Americans outside of the state of Virginia have very little familiarity with him. 
And at this point he has proven to have very little popularity on the campaign trail. In fact, attendance at many of his rallies in key swing states can be measured in the dozens. 
So to me it seems unlikely that the DNC would select Kaine as the replacement nominee. 
#2 Joe Biden 
Vice-President Joe Biden has far more name recognition than Tim Kaine does, and in recent days he has been touting how he believes that he would have actually won the nomination if he would have decided to run … 
Vice President Joe Biden said in a recent interview that he believed he could have beat former secretary of state Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination had he pursued it. 
Biden was asked in an interview with CNN Saturday if news that the FBI was re-opening their criminal probe into Clinton’s use of a private email server while secretary of state made him second-guess his decision last year not to run. 
But according to the vice president, the short answer is “no.” The only thing that kept him from running, Biden said, was the recent death of his son, Beau. 
Unfortunately for Biden, he suffers from many of the same things that Kaine does. 
Biden is boring, he is not very good on the campaign trail, and he doesn’t have the sort of charisma that would motivate people to go to the polls in large numbers. 
Biden would probably represent the “safest” choice for the Democrats, but he might not be a winning choice. 
#3 Bernie Sanders 
Bernie Sanders would seem to be a logical choice since he was the runner-up to Hillary Clinton, but the truth is that there are a lot of things working against Bernie Sanders. 
First of all, he does not have any real loyalty to the Democrats. He has previously operated as an independent, and he expressed a desire to return to independent status once the campaign was over. 
Secondly, the Democratic establishment very much dislikes him, and that plays a huge role in decisions such as this. 
Thirdly, Democratic insiders fear that he would be “another McGovern” and would get absolutely wiped out in a general election. 
So even though he is very popular with the radical left, it appears that Sanders would be the least likely choice on this list. 
#4 Elizabeth Warren 
Elizabeth Warren would be very popular with the “Bernie Sanders” wing of the party, and she would enable the party to replace Hillary Clinton with another woman. 
So she is definitely a possibility. 
But she does lack name recognition, and just like Sanders there would be concern that the Republicans would frame her candidacy as “another McGovern” because of her far left policies. 
#5 Michelle Obama 
One recent survey found that 67 percent of all Democrats would rather have a third term for Obama than a first term for Hillary Clinton. 
And these days Barack Obama’s approval rating is running anywhere from +9 to +11. 
So the thought of another Obama in the White House is not as far-fetched as you might think. 
Michelle Obama has better name recognition than anyone else on this list, and she is generally very well-liked by the American people. And she has received a tremendous amount of praise for her work on the campaign trail recently. For instance, her recent speech in New Hampshire was lauded as “the most influential speech of the 2016 campaign” in a recent MSN article entitled “ In this campaign, Michelle Obama became more than just another political voice “… 
The speech, amplified by timing and met with an enthusiastic response, cemented Obama’s place as a star of the presidential race and put a defining stroke not just on how women view Trump, but also on herself as a voice of moral authority. Three months before leaving the White House, she already is among the ranks of public figures who transcend politics and title. 
“When you rise to a level like that, you see how much weight your words carry,” said Anita McBride, former chief of staff to Laura Bush and executive in residence at the School of Public Affairs at American University. “We know she didn’t like politics. But she was impassioned by the language that was used, and she feels compelled to speak out. People listen to her.” 
If I were the Democrats, Michelle Obama is the one that I would select if a replacement nominee was needed, because she would give them the very best chance of winning against Donald Trump. 
Of course the Obamas are just as radical as Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren, but the American people have become quite comfortable with them at this point. 
And I certainly hope that Michelle Obama does not become the nominee if Hillary Clinton has to step aside, because Donald Trump would have an exceedingly difficult time defeating her. 
In the final analysis, none of this is probably going to matter anyway because it is unlikely that the FBI will move quickly enough to force Hillary Clinton out before election day, but there is still a small chance that it could actually happen. 
And if it does happen, it is going to turn politics in America completely upside down. 
Michael Snyder is the founder and publisher of The Economic Collapse Blog and End Of The American Dream . Michael’s controversial new book about Bible prophecy entitled “The Rapture Verdict” is available in paperback and for the Kindle on Amazon.com. Don't forget to follow the D.C. Clothesline on Facebook and Twitter. PLEASE help spread the word by sharing our articles on your favorite social networks. Share this:",0
1872,Burrowing Under Luminous Ice to Retrieve Mussels - The New York Times,"KANGIQSUJUAQ, Quebec  —   For eight months a year, the flat bay around the village of Kangiqsujuaq in far northern Quebec freezes beneath a white expanse of ice and snow, leaving ravens and foxes as rare signs of life, along with Inuit and their dogs. Throughout the winter the Inuit hunt seal and caribou, and they fish through the ice for arctic char. But in the coldest months, when the ice is thickest, some venture beneath the ice to gather mussels. Every two weeks the pull of the moon combines with the geography of this region to create unusually large tides. The water falls as much as 55 feet in some places, emptying the bay under the ice along the shore for an hour or more. That’s when some Inuit climb aboard their snowmobiles and head out onto the bay. Watch a 360 video of the mussel collecting mission. One recent day I joined two of them, Tiisi Qisiiq, 51, and Adami Alaku, 61, who identified a void and chopped a hole into the ice. Underneath is a beautiful, eerie world of bending ice, glowing blue from the sunlight outside. The sound of trickling water fills the humid,   air. On my recent trip it was 20 degrees below zero (minus 29 degrees Celsius) but a balmy 32 degrees Fahrenheit (0 degrees Celsius) beneath the ice. The men lowered themselves through the hole to the bay floor. The ground was covered with kelp, the occasional crab and edible clumps of roe from the fourhorn sculpin, which the Inuit call the ugly fish. But Mr. Qisiiq and Mr. Alaku came for fat blue mussels that cling to the rocks. Using lamps to light the way, they pulled the frigid mussels free with their hands. Before long, the sound of ticks and pops signaled the returning tide as it lifted the ice on the bay. Soon, the water would fill the caverns. The flood tide is deceiving, starting slowly until it rises more than a foot (30 centimeters) a minute. The men headed for the hole and climbed out into the clear, cold air. I first heard of mussel gathering under the ice when I lived in Shanghai and my son was given a children’s book called “Very Last First Time,” by the Canadian author Jan Andrews. It tells the enchanting tale of an Inuit girl’s first time under the ice alone. Ever since, I’ve wanted to go under the ice myself. Now I have, and I saw the bay floor’s bounty brought to the surface. The book’s drawings depict a colorful, cavernous space beneath the ice, far different from the cramped and narrow confines that I discovered. The colder the winter, the thicker and more stable the ice and the larger the spaces left by the ebbing tide. Mr. Qisiiq’s mentor, Lukasi Nappaaluk, remembers gathering mussels as a child in caverns of ice with ceilings 20 feet high. But global warming is making the ice less predictable and more prone to buckling. Warm water currents thin the ice from below, making the snowmobile crossings increasingly dangerous. The mussels are a welcome winter treat these days, but at one time they were a lifesaving source of food during the lean frozen months. Raw meat, with its abundance of vitamins, has allowed the Inuit to live for centuries on a diet almost devoid of fruits and vegetables. The only preparation for the mussels is pulling off their beards, the strings of protein that mussels make to cling to rocks, and then rinsing them. The Inuit still eat a lot of “country food,” caribou and seal and whale and fish that they prefer to eat raw while sitting on the floor. Mussels are no exception. Mr. Qisiiq and his wife, Siasi Qisiiq, shucked the bivalves using the edge of a shell. They scraped out the meat and squeezed it in their fist, wringing out the salty seawater, before eating them as is. Ms. Qisiiq boiled some of the mussels for me. They were rich and meaty, salty with no seasoning, and steaming  —   welcome warmth after hours outside. I had some of the raw mussels, too, still chilled from the bay. They tasted a lot like raw oysters, but with a bitter finish. I would prefer them marinara style.",0
1873,"Donald Trump’s Crucial Pillar of Support, White Men, Shows Weakness - The New York Times","Donald J. Trump’s support among white men, the linchpin of his presidential campaign, is showing surprising signs of weakness that could foreclose his only remaining path to victory in November. If not reversed, the trend could materialize into one of the most unanticipated developments of the 2016 presidential campaign: That Hillary Clinton, the first woman at the head of a major party ticket and a divisive figure unpopular with many men, ends up narrowing the gender gap that has been a constant of American presidential elections for decades. Surveys of voters nationwide and in battleground states conducted over the last two weeks showed that Mr. Trump was even with or below where Mitt Romney, the Republican Party nominee four years ago, was with white men when he won that demographic by an overwhelming 27 percentage points. For Mr. Trump, who has staked much of his legitimacy as a candidate on his strength in the polls, the numbers are a dose of cold, dangerous math. If he does not perform any better than Mr. Romney did with white men, he will almost certainly be unable to rally the millions of disaffected white voters he says will propel him to the White House. All along, one of the central questions of the election has been whether there are enough white men who will turn out to vote to lift Mr. Trump to victory. And there may be enough, demographers and pollsters said. But for now it appears that after a ceaseless stream of provocations, insults and reckless remarks, Mr. Trump has damaged himself significantly with the one demographic that stands as a bulwark to a Clinton presidency. “If you set out to design a strategy to produce the lowest popular vote possible in the new American electorate of 2016, you would be   to do a better job than Donald Trump has,” said Whit Ayres, a pollster who has advised Republican presidential and Senate candidates for more than 25 years. “This is an electoral disaster waiting to happen. ” There are still nearly three months before Election Day, ample time to shift the dynamics of the race. But the question that Republicans inside and outside the Trump campaign are asking is whether or not the damage Mr. Trump has caused himself over the last few weeks is irreparable. Interviews with voters found that Mr. Trump’s increasingly outlandish behavior was rubbing many in his key voting bloc the wrong way. “I liked Trump until he opened his mouth,” said Phil Kinney, a retired middle school administrator and a Republican from Bethlehem, Pa. The recent string of attacks Mr. Trump has unleashed, particularly his criticism of the family of a Muslim soldier killed in Iraq, left Mr. Kinney disappointed. Faced with the choice of voting for Mr. Trump or Mrs. Clinton, Mr. Kinney said he may just stay home. Two national polls conducted this month have Mrs. Clinton catching up to Mr. Trump among men over all. An NBC   Street Journal poll shows Mrs. Clinton with 43 percent support among men to his 42 percent. A Bloomberg Politics survey put Mr. Trump with a    lead among men, according to the pollster who conducted the survey, Ann Selzer. Mr. Romney relied on his   edge among white men to carry the male vote over all, but Mr. Trump is even more reliant on them because of how poorly he performs with nonwhite voters. If Mr. Trump is only doing as well or worse than Mr. Romney did with white men, he will never make up the votes he is losing among women and nonwhites. Mr. Trump’s troubles with white men do not end there. The data reveal a huge gap in those who have a college education and those who do not. As Mr. Trump saw in the Republican primaries, he is most vulnerable with white men who have a college education or higher. Mr. Romney won that group, which votes at a higher rate than those without college degrees, by 21 points. Recent national polls have put Mr. Trump’s support with them far lower. “We’re looking at a margin among   white men for him that’s less than half what Romney won,” said Gary Langer, an independent pollster who conducted an ABC   Post survey this month that showed Mr. Trump losing over all to Mrs. Clinton. “And that is problematic for Trump given his need to appeal to whites. ” Mr. Trump’s difficulties with men are symptoms of a larger vulnerability: disapproval that runs deeply through many segments and subgroups of the voting population.   Republicans, white women, the wealthy and   people of all races are turning their backs on him. Two national polls have recently put his support from   at an astonishing 1 percent. Separate Wall Street     surveys in Ohio and Pennsylvania from July found that zero percent of black voters said they planned to vote for him. The latest poll of Latinos, conducted within the last week by Fox News, had Mr. Trump with just 20 percent support, below the 27 percent that Mr. Romney received in 2012. Even under the rosiest projections of white turnout, Mr. Trump would still lose the popular vote if his poll numbers among whites do not improve considerably. William H. Frey, a demographics expert with the Brookings Institution, a nonpartisan think tank, conducted several simulations that tried to determine how much the turnout among white men without college educations would have to increase for Mr. Trump to win. He used the most recent ABC   Post poll of registered voters that had Mrs. Clinton beating Mr. Trump in a nationwide   race, 50 percent to 42 percent. It was among the better polls for Mr. Trump lately. Mr. Frey tested different turnout assumptions, including improbably optimistic ones, like if 99 percent of white,    men turned out to vote. None of the chain of events produced a Trump victory. In fact, even if virtually all of the white,    men eligible to vote did so, Mr. Frey found, Mrs. Clinton would still win the popular vote by 1. 1 million. And Mr. Frey said he did not account for the expected growth in Hispanic turnout. “Once you build that in,” he said, “it’s even worse for Trump. ” By not appealing more broadly to   Hispanics and other minority groups, Mr. Trump is precariously reliant on a segment of the population that is a shrinking portion of the electorate. White voters were 88 percent of the electorate in the 1980 election, a figure that has declined a few percentage points every four years since then. By 2012, the white vote was down to 72 percent. Most estimates for 2016 put it at or below 70 percent. And if Mr. Trump keeps alienating more of them like Gary Williams, a lifelong Republican and   owner from Lexington, Tenn. his base will continue to shrink. “He cusses in front of women and children and everybody else. He’s not a Christian. Everything about him makes me sick,” Mr. Williams said in an interview. He plans to vote for Mrs. Clinton or Gary Johnson, the Libertarian Party candidate. An especially worrisome problem for Mr. Trump lies in some of the white, heavily   states he hopes to put in play, like Ohio. Mr. Trump is nearly tied there with Mrs. Clinton among men, with 42 percent to her 41 percent, according to an NBC   Street   poll conducted the first week of August. Illustrating just how much Mr. Trump’s deterioration with men puts him in an electoral hole, Mr. Romney won men in Ohio by seven percentage points four years ago. But that was still not enough. President Obama won the state, capturing 51 percent of the vote to Mr. Romney’s 48 percent.",0
1874,New Travel Ban Garners Same Verdict in Middle East: A Slap at Muslims - The New York Times,"CAIRO  —   Lighter, tighter and more carefully worded, the reworked travel ban announced by the Trump administration on Monday aims to pass legal muster in the United States while meeting its stated objective of combating Islamist terrorism. But in the Middle East, where its effects will be most keenly felt, the executive order was seen as boiling down to the same thing: a Muslim ban. In Iraq, where the initial ban had drawn the sharpest criticism, relieved officials welcomed President Trump’s decision to drop their country from the list of nations whose citizens will be barred from entering the United States for 90 days. That decision came after pressure from the State Department and the Pentagon  —   and as American troops are working closely with Iraqi soldiers in the battle for Mosul. In a minor triumph, there were none of the earlier chaotic scenes of travelers and refugees being turned back at airports. Yet in the other six countries still on Mr. Trump’s list, his decision to push ahead with the ban only stoked their sense of grievance and discrimination. Regional experts repeated earlier warnings that Mr. Trump’s order handed an easy propaganda victory to enemies and might ultimately weaken American security. “The idea that this is a Muslim ban has been reinforced even further,” said Maha Yahya, the director of the Carnegie Middle East Center in Beirut. “Islamic State will use this ban to say: ‘I told you so. They only mean you harm. They only see you as the enemy. ’” The six countries left on the list are among the poorest, most chaotic or most politically isolated in the Middle East, so their inclusion carries ostensibly low costs for the Trump administration. Libya has multiple competing governments. Aid officials warn that Yemen, consumed by civil war, is on the verge of famine. Syria’s vicious   conflict has left vast urban landscapes in ruins. Somalia has been in a state of rolling chaos since 1991. Iran does not suffer domestic upheaval, but decades of diplomatic hostility with the West have left it political isolated. Trump administration officials point out that parts of the banned countries have become havens for Al Qaeda, the Islamic State and other groups, largely as a result of war and chronic instability. But by the same token, studies have shown that the citizens of those countries are more likely to be victims than perpetrators of violence, and have historically not posed a major risk to security in the United States. According to the New America Foundation, all 13 jihadist terrorists who have killed people in the United States since Sept. 11, 2001, were American citizens or permanent residents. None had ties to the seven countries first singled out by Mr. Trump in January. A federal appeals court, rejecting that order, said his administration had produced “no evidence” linking citizens from the seven affected nations to terrorist acts in the United States. Among citizens in the banned countries, the sense of injustice is compounded when they look at richer or more powerful neighbors, like Egypt or Saudi Arabia, whose citizens have carried out major attacks in the United States, yet which have escaped Mr. Trump’s censure because their governments are harder to push around. “You know what they say: When the wife commits adultery, hit the maid,” said Abdel Bari Taher, a Yemeni political analyst speaking by telephone from the   country’s capital, Sana. “They are punishing Yemen and others because they are the weak ones. Meanwhile, all the Gulf states that funded terrorism carry on as usual. ” Mr. Taher said he had little doubt Mr. Trump’s ban was driven by domestic political considerations. “He is going after us just to please his   supporters at home,” he said. Nonetheless, he added, it stung. In Iraq, the initial ban had been taken as a grievous insult from an ally it was supposed to be partnering with in the fight against the Islamic State. When the ban was announced in January, it prompted calls from some officials in Baghdad for Iraq to reciprocate with a ban on Americans entering Iraq, putting the   prime minister, Haider   under political pressure to act. The plight of military translators who had worked for the United States government and been promised resettlement in the United States provided a further focus for popular outrage. Mr. Abadi, however, ultimately decided not to impose any restrictions on Americans and instead worked through back channels to have the ban overturned. On Monday, relieved officials said their approach had been vindicated. “We were hoping for the decision to be reconsidered, and this is what has happened,” said Jasim   Iraq’s minister of migration, in a telephone interview. Still, it was equally likely that pressure from the Pentagon, which feared damage to the Islamic State campaign, played a significant part in Mr. Trump’s decision. In the revised executive order issued Monday, Mr. Trump dropped a provision to bar Syrian refugees from the United States indefinitely, but will still freeze all refugee admissions for 120 days. David Miliband, a former British foreign secretary who leads the International Rescue Committee aid agency, denounced that decision as a “historic assault on refugee resettlement to the United States, and a really catastrophic cut at a time there are more refugees around the world than ever before,” The Associated Press reported. Ms. Yahya, the analyst, said the refugee decision was part of the growing “moral and reputational toll” from Mr. Trump’s actions in the Middle East. Yet there was not much of an immediate outcry in many countries  —   possibly because, as elsewhere, citizens were becoming slowly used to a steady stream of   yet often perishable, decisions from Mr. Trump’s White House. Some have been tickled by American news media coverage of the simmering conflict between Mr. Trump and the “deep state”  —   a phrase more commonly associated with discussions about the Egyptian security services, or Pakistan’s   Intelligence spy agency. Yet Mr. Trump’s assault on the news media as an “enemy of the people” has uncomfortable echoes in many countries, and some have taken the parallels to signify that the United States has entered an unwelcome phase. “Trump has taken America from its ivory tower to the level of a rotten banana republic,” Mohamed Rageh Roweis, a Palestinian analyst, wrote on Twitter. Even in unaffected countries, the ban has stoked the belief that the true goal of Mr. Trump and senior advisers like Stephen K. Bannon is to pursue a civilizational war against Muslims, rather than to combat terrorism. “It doesn’t make any sense,” said Mustapha Kamel   a   professor at Cairo University. “These terrorist groups are multinational organizations. If they want to attack the United States, they don’t have to send people from these six countries. They can just find someone from another country. ”",0
1875,The Changeup: Liberals Now Saying ESPN’s Liberal Bias is a Good Thing,"For most of the last year, ESPN in particular and the liberal sports media in general have jumped through hoops to deny that the cable sports network has a liberal bias problem. But now that the obvious has grown too hard to deny, their tactics are changing. Now, all of a sudden, ESPN’s liberal bias is a good thing. [Until now, ESPN and its hosts have repeatedly denied that it has a liberal bias problem. Last year ESPN ombudsman Jim Brady published an investigation into the claim of liberal bias that ran thousands of words only to reach the conclusion that there was no liberal bias.  But that wasn’t all the question so vexed the network that it hired a polling firm to find out if there is any liberal bias and, if so, has it hurt the network’s ratings. Unsurprisingly, the survey bought and paid for by ESPN miraculously showed that there was no liberal bias at the network. ESPN’s survey, though, flies in the face of three other surveys that did find that the network has a liberal bias problem and that the constant   content is driving viewers away. Many liberal members of the sports media, such as Awful Announcing’s Andrew Bucholtz, joined ESPN to   any notion that the network has a liberal bias problem. But there seems to be a changeup in the discussion as at least one liberal sportsman is now saying ESPN’s dive into liberalism is a good thing for the network that is losing 10, 000 subscribers a month. According to Ty Duffy of Awful Announcing, ESPN’s liberal bias is a good thing because it will bring in young, liberal fans. “There is truth in the liberal claim. ESPN has tilted leftward under John Skipper,” Duffy initially observed. Despite that admission, Duffy goes on to claim there is “no proof” that conservative fans have abandoned ESPN over its constant   content. Naturally Duffy ignored the three surveys that serve as proof of conservative discontent and relied only on ESPN’s bought and paid for survey to “prove” his contention. But even as he offers no statistical proof to buttress his own claim, Duffy insists that ESPN’s drive leftward is a shrewd move because it will bring young, “woke” viewers to replace the fleeing conservative audience. Major brands, such as ESPN, are now expected to exhibit a political and social consciousness. They pay a cost when they are tone deaf. If there are now two Americas, ESPN (and sports leagues) will move with the one advertisers want to reach: young people, people with disposable income, and growing minority populations. Of course, Duffy indulges gross generalizations. Only far   liberals “expect” major brands to “exhibit a political and social consciousness. ” Even if that is the case, he also seems to simply assume that even liberals don’t want a place to escape politics and instead want politics to invade and conquer the sports world. Time will tell, of course, but it is interesting to see how this argument is morphing from staunch proclamations that ESPN isn’t liberal to the admission that, yes, some hosts are liberal, and finally to the obdurate notion that “yeah, we’re liberal. What of it?” Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
1876,"With Gas Station’s Closing, a Fuel Desert Expands in Manhattan - The New York Times","The gas station at the corner of Lafayette and East Houston Streets in SoHo is an industrial outpost in a Manhattan neighborhood of luxury lofts and even more luxurious shopping. It has existed on the corner for decades  —   first as Gaseteria, later as BP, but nearly always selling gas. For cabdrivers, it was a way station in an unruly city, where they could fill up, use the restroom, or kneel for afternoon prayers on one of the communal kilims the owner let them keep stowed beside the convenience mart. It closed on Thursday, to be replaced by a    luxury office building, turning some four square miles at the southern end of the borough into a gasoline desert. Today, the only reminder that this stretch of SoHo was once a forest of filling stations known as Gasoline Alley is a coffee shop of the same name that sells   coffee beans from Burundi. The closing of the inelegant station, its shabby convenience store invariably full of drivers dancing in place while waiting in line for the restroom, has a familiar feeling. As New York City’s molten property values have made selling off a parcel of land often more profitable than operating the grocery, hardware store or gas station sitting on it, the gas station’s passing appears to be the latest example of a common trope. And while Amazon and FreshDirect may fill the hole when the corner store goes condo, there is no doubt it is getting harder in Manhattan to get many of the basics that make life livable. What happens now if you are downtown and the needle is on E? “It’s not going to be easy for the drivers, and the people who are using this facility,” Sunkanmi Alaka, a cabdriver, said as he waited for the restroom a few days before the station closed. “You’re going to travel miles before you see a gas station. ” Today there is not a single operating gas station left on the city’s East Side from the southern tip of the island to 23rd Street, a chunk of Manhattan that includes some of the most highly trafficked portions of the city, like the   transverses between the bridges to the east and Holland Tunnel to the west, and the   corridors of Wall Street and NoHo. With the exception of a small station in the West Village, the West Side is similarly parched. In Manhattan, there are 50 gas stations that can be used by the public, according to the Fire Department. Over the past eight years, about 30 have disappeared. A 2014 analysis by The Wall Street Journal said there were just 12 below 96th Street, but several have closed since then. The math makes the decision to pack up shop and build simple. “If you own the gas station and you own the land, and you can get 30 or 40 million dollars for that, you could run that gas station for 100 years and never make that kind of money,” said Ralph Bombardiere, executive director of the New York State Association of Service Stations and Repair Shops, which lobbies on behalf of the industry in New York. The gas station that closed Thursday was owned by Marcello Porcelli, whose father bought the corner plot for $100, 000 about four decades ago and built up the Gaseteria brand, whose    signs became a fixture of the city’s 1970s streetscape. In the early 2000s his father’s company, LargaVista, shifted its goals to prioritize developing its more than 60 parcels citywide, “in order to maximize its extremely valuable portfolio of prime locations,” according to its website. LargaVista has formed a partnership with Related, a development company, to build the office building, a   $200 million project of zigzagging glass designed by the architect Rick Cook. “Everyone is nostalgic when you look at something that’s been there for a while, maybe even a gas station,” said Lisa Linden, a spokeswoman for LargaVista, which is Spanish for “long view. ” “There are many things that people need, the question is, Is this location going forward?” she added. The building will bring jobs to the city, Ms. Linden said, adding: “Cabdrivers will be dropping people off there. So. ” For many, the closing is a nonissue, including those who rely on the subway system or believe New York is still too  . Many neighbors are happy to see the station, which they see as an eyesore, go, including members of Community Board 2, which approved the new building. Board members did not respond to requests for an interview. Woolworth’s and the Gristedes supermarket chain are among the   businesses that have sold as the value of their land has eclipsed profits. But while disappearing grocery stores have provoked public outcry and even street demonstrations, the loss of one charmless gas station  —   even if it is the last one for miles  —   seems to induce little clamor beyond the cabdriver community. Maqsood Ahmad, 49, a former cabdriver who owns Little Lahore, a restaurant on Crosby Street next to the gas station that has sold Pakistani cuisine to a mostly cabby clientele for two decades, believes gas stations have evaporated unchecked in part because their most loyal clients are   immigrants who often feel voiceless. The city, he said, needs “the lower people,   people and   people. ” “They need all the mix,” he added. “But right now they are running on the path that they need only money. ” Mr. Ahmad’s rent for his    subterranean restaurant has risen from $1, 100, when he started in 1995, to $10, 000 a month today. He will have to close, he believes, when the cabs no longer have a pit stop. Gas station attrition is widespread. A decade ago, there were nearly 300, 000 gas stations nationwide there are now fewer than 140, 000, according to Michael J. Fox, the executive director of the Gasoline and Automotive Service Dealers of America, the industry association for New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. Consolidation is partly responsible for the decline, as are new environmental regulations that make updating underground gas reservoirs a burdensome expense, he said, but in increasingly expensive cities, like New Canaan and Greenwich, in Connecticut, and San Francisco, booming real estate values are most often to blame. Mr. Fox’s organization has fought for states to pass laws, or to add tax incentives for stations that stay, that might thwart the decline. “The Manhattan circumstance is going to keep spreading,” he said. “I remember one time when Brooklyn was considered the garbage dump, now Brooklyn is the new Manhattan. You want to get the law passed so that it doesn’t come to be that within a   radius you have no service stations at all because of the real estate situation. ” The mood at the gas station a few days before its closing was bitter. “I worry about my mayor: Where is his driver going to fill up the gas?” Janusz Krawczynski, 65, said as he sat in his cab in the station’s lot, his voice loaded with sarcasm. “Right now, any place he goes, he’s late,” he said, referring to the mayor’s   history of tardiness. “The driver is going to have to go to fill up the gas in New Jersey, Brooklyn, the Bronx,” he said. “He’ll never go to a meeting!” Not all see that vision as bad. In the West Village, where Athanasios Hondros, who goes by Tommy, runs a   Mobil station, business has been booming, and though people have come with envelopes of cash, he said, the station is not for sale. “Doesn’t bother me,” he said. “I plan on being the last gas station left. ”",0
1877,SIXTY KILLED IN NEW US-SAUDI WAR CRIME IN YEMEN,"Home › WORLD NEWS › SIXTY KILLED IN NEW US-SAUDI WAR CRIME IN YEMEN SIXTY KILLED IN NEW US-SAUDI WAR CRIME IN YEMEN 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] The murderous and criminal character of the US-Saudi war against Yemen, the poorest country of the Middle East, was laid bare once again Sunday with the report of an air strike that claimed the lives of scores of civilians in the Red Sea port city of Al Hudaydah. 
The bombs struck a prison facility inside a government compound controlled by the Houthi rebel movement, which controls the north and west of the country. 
According to reports from Yemen, more than 60 people were killed in the air strike, which demolished two detention centers, and at least 40 more were wounded. The Saudi warplanes used their familiar tactic of dropping bombs on the facility and then waiting for people to rush to the scene to search for survivors before bombing again to achieve the maximum death toll. 
Prisoners and guards alike were buried in the rubble. Photographs released from the scene showed lines of bodies covered in sheets. 
The prison bombing, which took place at about midnight Saturday, followed close on the heels of another air strike in the western city of Taiz in the western Yemeni highlands, the country’s third largest population center and a major cultural center. 
Taiz has been the scene of bitter fighting between the Houthi rebels and Saudi-backed ground forces for the past year and a half. 
Saturday’s raid there targeted the al-Salw residential district near the front lines, demolishing several homes. Among those struck was the house of Abdullah Abdo, in which the US-supplied bombs dropped by Saudi jets took the lives of 11 members of the same family. Many of the victims were children. Reportedly seven of the dead were women. 
The air strikes Saturday were the bloodiest since October 8, when Saudi warplanes attacked a funeral home in the capital of Sana’a, killing and wounding at least 700 people. As many as 155 people died in that attack, which left many of the wounded without limbs and otherwise maimed. Like the latest strike on the prisons, it was a “double tap” bombing raid, timed to ensure that those rushing to the aid of the wounded would also be killed. 
There is every reason to believe that this earlier attack was not a matter of collateral damage or mistaken targeting, but rather a deliberate attempt to decapitate the Houthi regime in Sana’a. The funeral that was hit was for the father of the government’s interior minister and was attended by a number of senior officials, who lost their lives. 
In the aftermath of that horrific bombing, US officials issued mealy-mouthed statements to the effect that Washington’s support for the Saudi war was “not a blank check” and that it would be realigned in accordance with “American values.” 
Since then, US aid has continued to flow. US planes are continuing to refuel Saudi fighters in midair so that they can carry out these murderous attacks. And the US Navy has itself joined the onslaught, launching Tomahawk cruise missiles at alleged Houthi radar stations, supposedly in retaliation for missiles fired at a US warship in the Red Sea. US military officials have subsequently acknowledged doubts about the supposed missile attacks, raising the possibility that a US Navy radar malfunction had generated ghost signals. 
Just one day before the latest atrocities carried out against the Yemeni people, both the United States and Saudi Arabia were voted onto the United Nations Human Rights Council. The elevation to this panel of the two countries most responsible for killing an estimated 10,200 Yemenis in the past year and a half, the great majority of them civilians, and pushing at least half the population to the brink of starvation serves to unmask the hypocrisy of the entire “human rights” framework for justifying imperialist wars and interventions all over the globe. Post navigation",0
1878,NEW EMAILS IN CLINTON CASE CAME FROM ANTHONY WEINER’S ELECTRONIC DEVICES,"Home › POLITICS › NEW EMAILS IN CLINTON CASE CAME FROM ANTHONY WEINER’S ELECTRONIC DEVICES NEW EMAILS IN CLINTON CASE CAME FROM ANTHONY WEINER’S ELECTRONIC DEVICES 0 SHARES 
[10/28/16] Federal law enforcement officials said Friday that the new emails uncovered in the closed investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s use of a private email server were discovered after the F.B.I. seized electronic devices belonging to Huma Abedin, a top aide to Mrs. Clinton, and her husband, Anthony Weiner. The F.B.I. is investigating illicit text messages that Mr. Weiner sent to a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina. The bureau told Congress on Friday that it had uncovered new emails related to the Clinton case — one federal official said they numbered in the thousands — potentially reigniting an issue that has weighed on the presidential campaign and offering a lifeline to Donald J. Trump less than two weeks before the election. In a letter to Congress, the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, said that emails had surfaced in an unrelated case, and that they “appear to be pertinent to the investigation.” Mr. Comey said the F.B.I. was taking steps to “determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.” He said he did not know how long it would take to review the emails, or whether the new information was significant. Post navigation",0
1879,Director de 'Machete' y 'El Mariachi' insta a los latinos a votar en EE.UU. - RT,"Director de 'Machete' y 'El Mariachi' insta a los latinos a votar en EE.UU. Publicado: 27 oct 2016 04:05 GMT 
Robert Rodríguez, creador de la primera película estadounidense estrenada en castellano, urgió a los votantes a decidir por un país ""con inclusión y diversidad"". Mario Anzuoni Reuters Síguenos en Facebook 
El director mexicanoestadounidense Robert Rodríguez decidió alzar la voz a través de un video publicado por el diario británico ' The Guardian' sobre la contienda electoral del próximo 8 de noviembre en EE.UU. 
""Esta es una elección en la que nadie puede quedar al margen"", dijo el director, hijo de mexicanos radicados en Texas (EE.UU.). 
""Decidirás si este es un país con inclusión y diversidad; decidirás si es un país que valore su población inmigrante"". 
'The Guardian' calificó a Rodríguez como ""el rey"" del cine rentable filmado con bajo presupuesto. El director, nacido en 1968, ha hecho películas junto a Quentin Tarantino; además, dio a conocer a la mexicana Salma Hayek y al español Antonio Banderas al público estadounidense. 
El diario británico ironizó con los personajes de las películas de Rodríguez, pues los tilda de ""bad hombres"" y ""nasty women"", términos peyorativos usados por el candidato republicano Donald Trump para referirse a los mexicanos inmigrantes y a la candidata demócrata Hillary Clinton. 
En 'El Mariachi' (1992) aparecen bandidos, vigilantes y justicieros. Fue la primera película estadounidense estrenada en castellano, rodada por Rodríguez con tan solo 7.000 dólares. 
El cineasta afirma que nunca había visto ""cosas tan locas como las que he visto en esta elección"". Sin mencionar a Trump, insistió: ""Afortunadamente, esta es una historia en la que tienes el derecho de escribir el final"". 
La presente campaña por la Presidencia de los Estados Unidos se ha centrado en el tema de la inmigración. 
El candidato republicano ha insistido en que construirá un muro en la frontera con México para evitar el paso de inmigrantes, predominantemente mexicanos. 
En el mes de agosto, el presidente Enrique Peña Nieto invitó a Trump y a Clinton a México, aunque solo acudió el magnate. El galardonado director mexicano Alejandro González Iñárritu, calificó la invitación como ""una traición "". 
El diario ' El País ' reportó que Peña Nieto reconoció que la invitación a Trump fue un error, además de una decisión ""apresurada"". Todo sobre este tema ",0
1880,McConnell: Trump’s State Dept Budget Cuts ’Probably’ Can’t Pass Senate - Breitbart,"Tuesday on Capitol Hill, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) said President Donald Trump’s proposed budget cuts to State Department funding would “probably not” pass in the Senate.  When asked if the Senate could approve the budget that slashes state park funding, McConnell said, “Probably not. When we get to funding, the government obviously will be done on a bipartisan basis. It could be an opportunity for our Democratic friends to participate. They have chosen to not so far. And I for one, just speaking for myself, I think the diplomatic portion of the federal budget is very important. And you get results a lot cheaper frequently than you do on the defense side. So speaking for myself, I’m not in favor of reducing what we call the 150 account to that extent. But we will sort all that out in the course of deciding how much were going to spend and how we’re going to spend it. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
1881,Alex Jones Declares Trump Landslide Victory,"Alex Jones Declares Trump Landslide Victory 10/27/2016 In today’s video, Christopher Greene of AMTV reports on Alex Jones Prediction of a Donald Trump Landslide Victory. 10/27/2016 TRUTH REVOLT http://youtu.be/PsVNKmb6jEc There’s a lot of accusations going around that the 2016 election is r ... Netflix Ceo: TV’s Future includes Hallucination Pills 10/27/2016 INDEPENDENT The future of TV might everyone taking hallucinogenic drugs, according to the head of Netflix. The thr ...",0
1882,EXCLUSIVE: Wife of 911 Victim Pens Letter to Donald Trump Urging Strength During Saudi Visit,"WASHINGTON, D. C.  —   Ahead of President Donald Trump’s visit to Saudi Arabia this weekend, the national chair of the   Families  Survivors United for Justice Against Terrorism advocacy group wrote a letter to the leader of the free world. The letter urges him not to buckle under pressure from Saudi Arabia and potentially weaken a provision in a law that would allow the families of victims of America’s most devastating terrorist attack to sue countries involved in carrying out terrorism. [Breitbart News acquired an exclusive copy of Terry Strada’s letter to President Trump urging him to remain steadfast in his support for families of 911 victims who are suing the government of Saudi Arabia under the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act (JASTA) which was first enacted in 1976.  JASTA creates a path for U. S. citizens to file civil claims against foreign governments for wrongful deaths, injuries, and property damage related to terrorist acts that were financed by those governments. The law also removes any government’s sovereign immunity  —   in this case Saudi Arabia’s  —   from being sued if it were involved in a terrorist attack against the United States. The majority of hijackers on September 11, 2001, were Saudi citizens.  Strada lost her husband, Tom, in the devastating terrorist attacks that claimed nearly 3, 000 lives on September 11, 2001. Part of her letter to President Trump reads:  We remain deeply grateful for your support for our cause, especially last September when you denounced President Obama’s veto of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. Your backing was essential to ensuring that JASTA —  which guarantees that terror victims like us can hold foreign nations accountable when they provide support and funding to terrorists who carry out attacks on U. S. soil —  is now the law.   …     First, we fully expect that the Saudis will try to convince you to betray the   families. They will not put it that way, but will instead argue that JASTA should be “fixed” or “modified” to eliminate “unintended consequences. ” Please do not let them get away with this dishonest approach. The Saudis do not want to “fix” JASTA they want you and Congress to pass a new law that arms them with a special defense against our lawsuits.  This is the same false claim that Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham have made —  after voting for JASTA in September and betraying the   families just days after the November election.  Would you please make it very clear to the Saudis that you will never support any weakening of the   families’ legal rights?  Second, the Saudis need to hear directly from you that Americans do not appreciate being manipulated by propaganda and fake news peddled by foreign agents.  Just this week, the Associated Press reported on how the Saudis are engaged in a $1. 3    campaign to manipulate the public, deceive our military veterans, and fool Congress into weakening JASTA.  That news story has been carried throughout the world, and was picked up in the U. S. by outlets as varied as Breitbart, Fox News, Bloomberg, ABC News, and even the Daily Beast. We are sure you especially share our outrage that the Saudi agents are lying to our nation’s veteran community. Would you please tell the Saudi Kingdom that this deceitful campaign must stop? Under U. S. law, foreign governments are generally immune from the jurisdiction of U. S. courts and cannot be sued for injuries they cause, unless one of the exceptions to sovereign immunity  —   which is set forth in a statute called the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act  —   applies. Congress included a provision in JASTA designed to encourage and empower the president to press for, and ultimately, broker settlements of cases brought under JASTA law. But JASTA provides a path for President Trump to raise this issue with the Saudis and work towards a resolution should he choose to do so. Last year, the Saudi government reportedly attempted to astroturf the United States in an attempt to roll back JASTA. This year, reports surfaced that Saudi Arabia was paying millions to send veterans on trips to Washington and using them as pawns to lobby against the JASTA legislation. As of October last year, Saudi Arabia was reportedly paying American lobbyists and public relations firms $1. 3 million per month to fight against the right of Americans to sue the nation for financing terror. Ahead of President Trump’s visit to Saudi Arabia this weekend, the Saudis expressed their hope that he will reverse the legislation that allows for the families of the 911 victims to sue their country for their role in the devastating terrorist attacks. The Saudis’ raising the issue of JASTA legislation being a concern for them could encourage a settlement. It could also provide Trump with the opportunity to showcase his steadfast support for the 911 community and all who were affected by the tragedy. Despite the justice aspect JASTA law provides for the 911 victims and their families, some have raised concerns that it could open the floodgates to a number of foreign countries to sue the United States for frivolous matters. “The law has opened up Pandora’s Box, creating risks with international consequence for Americans working directly or indirectly for our intelligence agencies,” James Zumwalt once wrote. For example, last year an Iraqi lobbyist group, citing JASTA, sought to sue the government to ask the United States for compensation for alleged violations by the American military following the 2003 invasion of Iraq. Similarly, retired U. S. Navy Admiral Edward Masso suggested JASTA was a “congressional mistake. ” William W.   the deputy dean and professor of law at the University of Pennsylvania, shed some light on this matter in an interview with Breitbart News. “There is a long history of countries having claims against one another. This goes back as long as there have been countries,”   said: When we think about whether there is a liability on the part of Saudi Arabia for   activities, we have to think about it in a background context that countries often have disputes with one another and they often settle them through some sort of international agreement. What the JASTA legislation does do is open up a broader range of private suits wrought by individuals rather than by countries against one another directly. And, in some ways, changes some of the traditional approaches the United States has taken to sovereign immunity.   also suggested the JASTA legislation changes the U. S. approach, “but within a consistent background under international law. Countries have always been able to have some flexibility with what suits they allow individuals to bring against countries and the U. S. has been somewhat restrained in that in its prior approach. ” He continued, “JASTA, to some degree, opens up a somewhat broader set of claims that can be brought by U. S. entities against foreign governments. ”   noted that many past presidents have resolved the claims of private citizens against foreign governments by reaching a diplomatic deal that involves a lump payment by the culpable foreign government to the United States. He also stated his belief that this trip provides Trump with a real “opportunity to put the American lives and victims of 911 first. And an opportunity to be a great dealmaker, which he is, and to bring a resolution to one of the hardest moments in modern American history. And doing so is fully consistent with his    authority. ” Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter.",0
1883,How A Woman’s Spirit May Have Helped Solve Her Own Murder In 1897,"Many things are blurred about the life and death of Elva Zona Heaster Shue, who lived in Greenbrier County, West Virginia, in the late 1800s. But one thing is known by everyone in the state, she is The Greenbrier Ghost.


The story is that Zona met and soon married Erasmus (Edward) Stribbling Trout Shue in 1896 against her family’s wishes. Edward was a drifter, unknown in the area, and not well received by the community. However, Zone fell in love with him instantly, though her mother was not convinced. Despite her disapproval, the couple married within just a few weeks after meeting.


Edward and Zona lived what appeared to be a very happy life, for about eleven months. Everything changed in their house on January 23, 1897, when Edward had sent a hired errand boy to his home to check on his wife. That is where the boy made a ghastly discovery.


As he entered the home, the young boy immediately spotted Zona lying motionless, sprawled out and unresponsive, at the bottom of the stairs. Shocked and frightened, he rushed home to his mother, who called George W. Knapp, the local doctor, and coroner. But before the doctor could get to Zona, Edward came home and did something very odd with his wife’s body.


Doctor Knapp went as quickly as he could to the couple’s home, only to find that Edward had redressed her, moved her body back upstairs, laid her out on the bed, and was cradling her head in his hands as he sobbed. He noticed that Edward, who continued to cradle Zona’s head the entire time, would get agitated each time the doctor got too close to her body. Finally, Dr. Knapp pronounced her dead from ‘everlasting faint.’


Zona’s mother also reported that Edward acted erratically at the funeral, and her suspicions took root — she believed Zona had been murdered. She began telling friends and family about a recurring nightmare she was having about her daughter and her death. In her dreams, Edward had twisted Zona’s head 360 degrees, snapping it off. Her daughter appeared in a flash of blinding light, explaining that her husband had been a cruel man and that her death was not natural, but murder.


After reporting the story to officials on many occasions, to no avail, her mother would not give up on her insistence of murder. The ghost continued to visit Zona’s mother, telling the same story. Finally, authorities exhumed Zona’s body to examine her.


Edward protested the exhumation of his wife’s body, but the police continued and she was reexamined. This time, it was discovered that she was, in fact, murdered. Her head was snapped and finger-like marks on her skin, indicating strangulation. Which explains why Edward was cupping her head when she was first examined.


Edward was arrested and charged with her death. While in prison, it was discovered that Zona was actually his third wife; his first divorced him for cruelty, and the second had died mysteriously. Authorities found a drawing Edward had made that depicted an ominous scene: a married couple with coffins in the background of their home.


Zona’s death was officially declared a murder. Upon learning the news, a mob of angry locals grouped together to try and lynch Edward by hanging him. He was rescued by the sheriff and taken to safety, where he stood trial for the death of his young wife.


As the Greenbrier Ghost, Zona’s tale is no longer one of many unsolved historic crimes; visitors to the area can visit her grave, and her story is not forgotten. There’s no telling whether her ghost is truly what helped solve her murder, but her mother’s vision certainly did. Zona’s ghost was never seen again, but a marker in the cemetery describes how her ghost helped solve her own murder.

iLyke 
SOURCE ",0
1884,Breitbart News Daily: March for Life - Breitbart,"On the Friday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart London    Raheem Kassam will continue our discussion of President Trump’s first 100 days. [Breitbart’s Dr. Tom Williams will   our discussion of Friday’s annual March for Life in Washington, DC, and what it means to the   movement.  Marjorie Dannenfelser of the Susan B. Anthony List will discuss Friday’s March in DC and President Trump’s   actions so far. Breitbart’s Dr. Susan Berry will discuss the media’s failure to report on the annual March for Life despite the large numbers that turn out for it year after year. The media’s omission is especially glaring in light of their extensive coverage of the   rally last weekend. Filmmakers Ann McElhinney and Phelim McAleer will discuss their new book Gosnell: The Untold Story of America’s Most Prolific Serial Killer. British MP Michael Gove will discuss UK Prime Minister Theresa May’s speech yesterday at the Republican Retreat in Philadelphia. Ted Malloch, Chairman and CEO of Global Fiduciary Governance, LLC, will discuss the future of the EU and the euro. Ned Ryun, the Founder and CEO of American Majority, will discuss President Trump’s first week in office. Live from London, Rome, and Jerusalem, Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news. Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   .",0
1885,Getting Workers to Save More for Retirement - The New York Times,"Saving for retirement should be simple arithmetic  —   the longer your money has to grow, the more money you should have when you stop working. But saving today for a distant tomorrow isn’t so simple, and has a great deal to do with how people think about money. Sean Furlong, the director of finance and administration at Gilman School, a private secondary school in Baltimore, said he realized that while teaching a business class. He was teaching students, he said, “but then I realized I wasn’t teaching my faculty and staff. ” “They didn’t know the things I was teaching to high school students,” he added. “Many of them had missed that. ” Mr. Furlong said he decided to ask the school for permission to begin a retirement education program. Its goal was to increase participation in its retirement plan and to educate people on thinking about their savings choices and investment options. Nearly five years after Mr. Furlong pushed for that education campaign, the school has an average contribution rate of 22 percent, up from 16 percent. (This includes Gilman’s 8 percent match after participants contribute the first 7 percent of their salary.) At the highest end, people are contributing 35 percent of their salary. Changing how people think about the money they save for retirement is one of the central tenets of a movement that is based on behavioral finance, the approach to economics that aims to understand how average people, not rational economists, make financial decisions. After all, it’s the way people behave around money that tends to derail their plans, not a lack of knowledge about what they need to do if they want to retire comfortably. “The biggest challenge is not saving enough,” said Liz Davidson, founder and chief executive of the consultancy Financial Finesse and author of “What Your Financial Advisor Isn’t Telling You. ” “Historically, there’s been a lot of focus on returns. The return is on what you save, and most people aren’t saving enough. ” Ms. Davidson, whose consultancy works with companies on their financial plans for employees, said that when it came to retirement, her company tried to get employees to think about how much they could set aside each day, and to forget about a larger monthly or annual number. “Most people can save a few dollars a day or even $10 a day,” she said. “That’s doable. But if you say, ‘Can you save $300 a month or a couple of thousand dollars a year?’ people will say, ‘Whoa.’ ” Avoiding that “whoa,” which is the hesitancy that can derail planning, is what consultants like Ms. Davidson are trying to do. Just as saving a bit more today is going to pay off in the future, not saving enough, failing to participate in a retirement plan or taking money out of a plan too early can significantly reduce the amount of money available decades later. Many of these efforts come back to seminal work by Shlomo Benartzi and Richard H. Thaler, behavioral economists who have researched how to get people to be better retirement savers. One of their conclusions is people need to be nudged by employers to stay on track, often in ways that keep them from missing the money they are saving. These strategies include automatically enrolling people in retirement plans, asking whether they would like to increase their contributions when they receive a raise and limiting the investment choices so they would need to opt out of a broadly diversified portfolio, which is likely to produce the best returns over time. As simple as the nudges seem, they have been proved to work. The National Football League’s Players Association, which represents current and former players, moved to automatically enroll its players in 2007. Since then the participation rate has gone to 90 percent, from 82 percent. “You don’t miss what you don’t have,” said Dana Hammonds, senior director of player affairs and development. At Gilman School, Mr. Furlong pushed to limit the number of investment options, cutting the funds its plan offered by 75 percent, while increasing the education about the ones that were available. “It used to be faculty and staff could be invested 100 percent in commodities funds and no one would care,” Mr. Furlong said. “Now the majority are in target date funds. ” (Target date funds are set up so that the allocation of a person’s investment changes as the person gets older.) Increasing the amount people contribute has also been a challenge. The default rate used to be 3 percent, which wasn’t enough, said Aimee R. DeCamillo, head of retirement plan services at T. Rowe Price, which provides plans for two million people at 3, 500 companies. She said a savings rate closer to 15 percent, including the employer match, was better. One way it gets people closer to that number is to use behavioral finance tricks with its online portal. This comes into play with increasing the contribution rate. “If you’re at 10 percent, we’ll show you 13, 15, and 17 percent, knowing you’ll go for that middle number,” she said. “It’s driving behavior in the right direction. ” Another feature is what T. Rowe Price calls its “confidence number,” which aims to predict the likelihood that you will be able to replicate your salary in retirement. “It drives you to an experience where you change assumptions,” Ms. DeCamillo said. “You can change your retirement age. You can adjust your salary you can pull in additional outside assets. It helps you build confidence that you have this control over the outcome. ” Aetna, which has worked with Financial Finesse to develop its workplace program, began a yearlong initiative this month called Retirement Ready. Its goal is to help employees think about what they are saving but also about what that money might be used for in retirement. “It’s about financial readiness but also the emotional and physical readiness for retirement,” said Kay Mooney, vice president for benefits at Aetna. “It’s critical for   employees who service our customers. We know the business is challenged if our employees are stressed financially. ” Ms. Mooney said the company would measure the program’s effectiveness based on how employees changed behaviors, like increasing contributions to their 401( k) plans or reducing their credit card debt. But success might also start by getting people to rethink what their retirement savings are for. “Financial independence is a phrase we found resonated very well,” Ms. Davidson said. “It’s living life on your own terms. Flexibility is very important. ”",0
1886,Why Russia’s Cyberattack Wasn’t Stopped - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   It was utterly avoidable. In retrospect, anyway. The most brazen, disruptive and manipulative attack on the American electoral system since Watergate  —   a vast cyberattack by Russia, aimed squarely at Democrats in 2016  —   hinged on a series of human errors and institutional misjudgments. In the latest episode of “The ” we explore how Russia hacked the election, why a foreign power would take such a drastic step and why everyone seemed to react so underwhelmingly to the historic intrusion  —   from the main target of the attack, the Democratic National Committee, to most powerful Democrat in the country, President Obama. I traveled to Washington to speak with two of my colleagues, Eric Lipton and David Sanger, who   a stunning story about out how the hack unfolded, moment by moment, stealing and publishing thousands of pages of embarrassing internal documents from the D. N. C. and John Podesta, Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman. We may never know if Russia’s digital offensive, which spared Donald J. Trump and his Republican allies, cost Mrs. Clinton the election. But we do know how much it hurt candidates in campaigns for Congress. I spoke with a victim of the cyberattack, Annette Taddeo, who believes the embarrassing documents released by Russian hackers were a deciding factor in her defeat this year. “I don’t think we are as shocked as we should be and as angry as we should be,” Ms. Taddeo tells me. “This is very alarming to our democracy and everything we stand for. ” From a desktop or laptop, you can listen by pressing play on the button above. Or if you’re on a mobile device, the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series. On your iPhone or iPad: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Podcasts” with a purple icon. (This link may help.) 2. Search for the series. Tap on the “search” magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen, type in “The  ” and select it from the list of results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, tap on the “subscribe” button to have new episodes sent to your phone free. You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, tap on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode. On your Android phone or tablet: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Play Music” with an    icon. (This link may help.) 2. Search for the series. Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen, search for the name of the series and select it from the list of results. You may have to scroll down to find the “Podcasts” search results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, click on the word “subscribe” to have new episodes sent to your phone free. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, click on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode.",0
1887,The War Against Payday Lending,"The War Against Payday Lending Apple uses similar tactics with iPhone Jonathan Lee | Mises.org - October 26, 2016 Comments Image Credits: flickr, khrawlings . 
In June of 2016, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) put forward a proposal to regulate the short-term loan industry. 
The Small Dollar Lending Rule seeks to “alleviate and solve” for the “apparent weaknesses” of the current rates and short-term lenders by requiring “lenders to assess and verify a borrower’s income, housing costs, and credit and legal obligations.” 
The intention of the proposal is to protect low-income families from being caught in an endless cycle where many are “forced to take out another loan to make ends meet.” At first glance, it seems that the rule would solve problems in an industry known for its “dirtiness.” Except policymakers are thinking with their hearts while sitting in their air-conditioned offices, away from the facts and any form of interaction with the real world of short-term loans. Just the fact that they see the short-term loan industry as “dirty” supplies sufficient reason to believe that either these policymakers are ignorantly prejudiced or plainly manipulative. 
Instead of pointing fingers and name calling at the short-term lending industry, they should be applying simple economics to their proposals to see if they hold water. 
In “Understanding the CFPB Proposal for Payday and Other Small Loans,” a paper released by the CFPB and PEW Charitable Trusts, the Bureau aimed to make several arguments in favor of new legislation. 
The first of its arguments is that, “with payday and vehicle title loan markets, lenders’ and borrowers’ interests are not aligned because profitability for lenders depends on loans being unaffordable for customers.” But doesn’t this argument stand for any industry that sells a product? 
For example, are the interests of iPhone sellers and buyers “aligned” in the manner acceptable to the CFPB? Each additional iPhone 6 is said to cost $200.10 to produce and is sold for $699 dollars. That is 3 times its cost to make. To borrow a phrase from the left, that’s “price-gouging” to the tune of 300 percent. Yet there is no noise from policymakers claiming to call Apple a company that cheats its customers. 
So why should short-term lenders be held accountable in any way that is different than Apple? Shouldn’t short-term lenders be able to charge interest rates that make-up for the huge risk they incur in lending money out to low-income borrowers? 
Studies show these lenders charge on average 15 percent, or $15 for every $100 loaned — a profit margin that is significantly less than the price percentage difference of products in other markets. 
The second of the CFPB’s arguments is that to solve for “balloon payments,” or the cycle of continued borrowing to pay off loans, the CFPB would “require that most products become installment loans with smaller, manageable payments.” 
The problem with this statement is that the Bureau completely ignores the reason why short-term loans are so available to borrowers — it’s because short-term loan companies can offset risk by requiring borrowers to weigh their own risk against their need to borrow. 
Simply put, the short payment periods are put in place to deter those who definitely should not borrow. Additionally, making the periods longer and the payments smaller defeats the business model, making short-term lenders irrelevant because their models are defined by their expediency. 
The third of the CFPB’s arguments is that their proposal would solve the “problems” related to “price gouge lending” by requiring “lenders to evaluate borrowers’ financial condition,” by forcing borrowers to submit written statements on income, housing expenses, all outstanding debt, and child support. Meanwhile, the lender is required to obtain a national credit report, and then deliver that data to all proposed credit tracking agencies. 
Remember: all of these government-imposed requirements cost the short-term lenders money. The cost of finding out this data would eliminate any ability that firms have to loan small amounts of cash at current interest rates. The result would either lead short-term loan companies to shut down or further hurt borrowers by requiring that they borrow larger sums of money to qualify for loans. 
Lastly, the CFPB heralds that their redesign is prompted by a study by The Pew Charitable Trusts’ survey research that the “vast majority of borrowers want … most products [to] become installment loans with smaller, manageable payments.” 
At first glance, it seems that borrowers in need are hurting and want to find a way out of a difficult situation. Although there are those who are caught in the inability to pay back loans because they got caught in bad finance (due to the risk of short-term loans), many of those “surveyed” actually sent in raving reviews in support of short-term loans. 
In fact, more than 98 percent of the 12,308 submissions to the Bureau’s “ Tell Your Story ” program — where people sent in their experiences regarding short-term loans — were positive and excessively thankful for these loans. 
These responses ranged from, “there are no other avenues out there that can lend money like [this],” to a simple “thank you.” This study was personally conducted by the CFPB. Unsatisfied with the results, they hid it from the public’s view until a Freedom of Information Act request forced them to release it. 
This holding back of information demonstrates that the Bureau is not truly searching to help the people it says it wants to help. Rather, they have a keen eye for policy symbolism, and the flash of “fighting for the underdog” when in fact they are irreversibly harming them while sticking a knife in their back. 
Policymakers continue the belief that short-term loans are as bad as they seem comes either because they did not attend their economics classes in college, or they simply want to be perceived as “someone who cares.” But we cannot let policymakers make decisions because their hearts lead them to make uneducated proposals. We cannot let legislators sway our hearts because we hear about the extreme situations where people are hurt. Instead, we need to look at the cold-hard facts: the numbers that the CFPB uses to defend their arguments are manipulative and outright false. 
The Small Dollar Lending Rule must not be allowed to pass and the proposal must be removed and taken back — it will only hurt the people it claims it will help. Let Americans make decisions for themselves — they’re smarter and more risk-averse than Washington insiders give them credit for. 
Jonathan Lee is a filmmaker and freelance economics journalist. He is an alumnus of Chapman University. NEWSLETTER SIGN UP  ",0
1888,"Tim Kaine’s Son Faces Criminal Charges After Joining Masked, Violent Anti-Trump Riot - Breitbart","Linwood Michael Kaine, a son of former 2016 Democratic vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine, faces criminal charges for allegedly joining in an   riot to attack supporters of President Donald Trump in March in Minneapolis, Minnesota. [Authorities charged the    Kaine with “fleeing police on foot, concealing his identity in a public place, and obstructing legal process,” according to a detailed Twin Cities Pioneer Press report. “When people seek to prevent others who are peacefully assembled from making their voices heard, it threatens the very foundation of our democracy,” a local attorney said Friday after the charges against Kaine and seven others were announced.  Police said Kaine was allegedly part of a violent, masked group: Security officers saw five people dressed in black leaving the Capitol, including one who threw a smoke bomb inside, according to complaints filed by the city attorney’s office. They went to a nearby spot and “tried to change their appearance by doing things like taking off their black clothing, putting on different jackets or hats, and turning their clothing inside out,” the complaints said. When police approached, they scattered and ran. Steve Frazer, who was then a St. Paul police senior commander, chased a man who was later identified as Woody Kaine. A Mar. 7 Twin Cities Pioneer Press report states that Kaine allegedly fought with police after being part of a group that threw a smoke bomb in a government building during a rally for President Trump: Clad in black and wearing a mask, the youngest son of Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine wrested himself from the cop and then “squared off” with him. Woody Kaine, 24, was among five masked,   people suspected of lobbing a smoke bomb minutes earlier inside the Minnesota Capitol rotunda Saturday afternoon. Officers had chased him down, but Kaine wasn’t about to submit, according to a more detailed account provided Wednesday by St. Paul police. In the end, it took three officers, a “knee strike” and a chemical spray to subdue Kaine after he was identified as one of the counterprotesters [sic] who allegedly used fireworks or a smoke bomb to disrupt a rally in support of President Donald Trump at the Minnesota State Capitol, according to police spokesman Steve Linders. Less than two months before his son was arrested after the   and   speech riot, Kaine said on MSNBC that progressives must “fight in the streets” after Trump’s election. “What we’ve got to do is fight in Congress, fight in the courts, fight in the streets, fight online, fight at the ballot box, and now there’s the momentum to be able to do this,” Kaine told MSNBC’s Mika Brzezinski on Jan. 31. After his son’s arrest, Kaine issued a statement that did not appear to condemn his son’s alleged actions. “We love that our three children have their own views and concerns about current political issues. They fully understand the responsibility to express those concerns peacefully,” Kaine said, as reported by Breitbart News. On Friday, a Kaine spokeswoman doubled down, ignoring allegations that Kaine had taken part in   the Minnesota State Capitol and attempting to dismiss the severity of fighting police officers. “Today’s announcement of misdemeanor charges against Sen. Kaine’s son contains no suggestion that he engaged in disruptive behavior while at the rally, but are instead focused on his actions as he was arrested after he left. Tim and Anne support their son and hope the matter is resolved soon,” she said to the Twin Cities Pioneer Press. Kaine was charged the same day the New York Post revealed that police arrested a prominent Democratic leader, Jacob Schwartz, with ties to Hillary Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook, for child pornography charges, for allegedly having thousands of photos and videos of showing “young nude females between the approximate ages of 6 months and 16, engaging in sexual conduct  …     on an adult male” on his laptop.",0
1889,Trump: ’Natural Talent’ Kushner Will ’Broker Mideast Peace’,"TEL AVIV  —     Donald Trump confirmed that his Jewish    Jared Kushner will work to “broker a Middle East peace deal. ”  [In an interview with The Times of London, Trump said that as part of his role as senior adviser, Kushner would be appointed to handle negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians.  Trump also told the German daily Bild that Kushner has “an innate ability to make deals. ” “Jared is such a good lad, he will secure an Israel deal which no one else has managed to get. You know, he’s a natural talent, he is the top, he is a natural talent,” he added, according to a translation from the Guardian. In the past, Trump has hinted that tapping Kushner for the role was a natural choice, saying his    “knows the region, knows the people, knows the players. ” Kushner was the chief speech writer for Trump’s address to Israel lobby AIPAC, and had a hand in Trump’s foreign policy throughout his campaign. Israeli ministers have hailed the prospect of Kushner as peace broker. “We would be so happy if someone could bring peace to the Middle East. We welcome him,” Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely said last month. Israel’s Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman echoed Hotevely, saying, “What we know, he’s a really tough, smart guy, and we hope he will bring new energy to our region. ” Kushner and his wife, Trump’s daughter Ivanka, are Orthodox Jews. Speaking to Bild, Trump slammed the Obama administration’s decision to forego the U. S. veto on an   UN Security Council resolution as “terrible. ” He added that he hoped Britain would use its veto against any additional resolution in the next few days, saying he wasn’t sure the U. S. would play ball despite Secretary of State John Kerry’s assurances to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu during Sunday’s peace summit in Paris that the Obama administration would prevent further action at the UN. “I’m not sure if the U. S. would do so  —   extraordinarily enough. They won’t do it, right? Do you believe the U. S. will place a veto?” he said, according to the Guardian’s translation. “I have Jewish friends who organized a donor event for Obama. I say to them: ‘What on earth are you doing? Okay  —   what are you doing? ’” he added.",0
1890,"Syria, Egypt, Korean Peninsula: Your Morning Briefing - The New York Times","Good morning.  Here’s what you need to know: • Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, speaking at a memorial to a Nazi massacre, said that the United States would punish those “who commit crimes against innocents anywhere in the world. ” The comments, coming after President Trump bombed Syria in retaliation for a chemical attack, appeared to further shift U. S. foreign policy from a primarily economic focus. Mr. Tillerson is heading to Russia for talks, likely strained.   foreign ministers are holding an “extraordinary meeting” on Syria today. _____ • The U. S. strike on Syria and its positioning of a Navy carrier strike group near the Korean Peninsula are feeding fears of a military response if North Korea conducts another nuclear test. China and South Korea agreed to toughen sanctions on the North in the case of new tests, possibly aiming to persuade North Korea to refrain as it celebrates the birthday of its founder, Kim   on Saturday. Above, a North Korean missile test in 2016. _____ • Another milestone for Tesla. Shares in the upstart electric carmaker briefly soared past $313, making Tesla worth $51 billion, slightly more than General Motors, the largest U. S. automaker. _____ • The Khmer Rouge tribunal has convicted only three men for their roles in the deaths of at least 1. 7 million Cambodians from 1975 to 1979  —   one of the worst episodes of mass killing in the last century. But even if the convictions end there, the trials have brought the crimes of the Pol Pot regime into the open, and, as one historian said, “established a culture of debate in this broken society. ” • Wells Fargo will claw back an additional $75 million from the two executives it blamed for the company’s crippling sales scandal, in which thousands of employees created fraudulent accounts to meet aggressive sales goals. •  Foxconn “is definitely bidding” on Toshiba’s chip business, the Foxconn founder said. Multiple reports say the bid could go to $27 billion. • Toyota will spend more than $1. 3 billion to upgrade its assembly plant in Kentucky, a move that won’t create jobs but still earned a nod from the White House. • Another blow to Barclays. The British authorities are investigating the bank and its chief executive, James E. Staley, after he admitted to trying to find the identity of a  . • U. S. stocks were up. Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • Egypt declared a state of emergency after suicide bombings at Coptic churches on Palm Sunday that undercut President Abdel Fattah  ’s image as a bulwark against Islamic extremists. [The New York Times] • Spanish authorities, acting at the request of the F. B. I. arrested a Russian suspected of being the global kingpin of spam. [The New York Times] • Beijing’s security bureau issued new regulations that offer city residents rewards as high as $72, 400 for information about foreign spies. [The New York Times] • Neil Gorsuch was sworn in as the 113th justice of the U. S. Supreme Court. [The New York Times] • In memoriam: John Clarke, a New   comedian and writer who became a household name in Australia for his political satire, died at 68 while hiking. [The Sydney Morning Herald]  • China barred the wife of a missing   activist from flying to Beijing to seek answers about her husband, Lee  . [The New York Times] • A military court in Pakistan sentenced a former Indian naval officer to death for organizing “espionage and sabotage activities. ” India called the proceedings “farcical. ” [The New York Times] • United Airlines is facing a   nightmare, after a man on an overbooked flight from Chicago was dragged out of the plane, horrifying fellow passengers. [The New York Times] • “Harry Potter and the Cursed Child” won a record nine Olivier Awards for London theater, including best new play and honors for the actors playing Harry and Hermione Granger. [The New York Times] • If a glass of milk is part of your morning routine, take note: when it comes to nutrients, nut milks pale in comparison to cow’s milk. • Writing your boss that   letter may do you wonders. But remember to press delete. • Chopped parsley and mint lift this recipe for seared pork cutlets with green garlic salsa verde. • The Pulitzer Prizes honored the photographer Daniel Berehulak for photographs that provided a haunting portrait of bloody war on drugs in the Philippines. The Times also won for a magazine piece by C. J. Chivers on a young veteran of the war in Afghanistan suffering from PTSD and a series on Russia’s surreptitious assertion of power. • And Sergio García had long felt the disdain of golf fans put off by his attitude. But with a more mellow approach and an underdog’s charm, he won them over at the Masters. • Finally, in today’s 360 video, take a spin through Hollywood, Mount Rushmore and other U. S. icons, all composed of sand and water at a museum in Japan. “Houston, we have a problem. ” The crew of Apollo 13, launched from Kennedy Space Center in Florida on this day in 1970, was 200, 000 miles above Earth when one of its oxygen tanks exploded. The blast either ruptured a line or caused a valve to leak on the other tank. Then the warning lights for the fuel cells began flashing, indicating that the electricity supply was in jeopardy. The mission was supposed to be NASA’s third crewed moon landing. The “problem” came two days in, crippling the command module’s supply of electricity, light and water. The   crew was able to make a series of decisions and improvised repairs to the carbon dioxide removal system, enabling them to use the lunar module as a “lifeboat” to safely return to Earth on April 17. Although the mission was aborted and the crew never landed on the moon, their heroics  —   and their rescue  —   resulted in the mission being classified as a “successful failure. ” The flight remains the record for the farthest humans have ever traveled from Earth, and the response to the near disaster was deemed “NASA’s finest hour. ” Inyoung Kang contributed reporting. _____ This briefing was prepared for the Asian morning. We also have briefings timed for the Australian, European and American mornings. You can sign up for these and other Times newsletters here. Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online. What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes. com.",0
1891,Project Veritas Undercover Journalist in Full Burka Is Offered Huma Abedin’s Ballot,"We Are Change 
In this latest Project Veritas video an undercover journalist is offered Huma Abedin’s ballot while wearing a full burka and not even questioned.
She is then told that she can vote via a paper ballot instead of voting with a voting machine. Alan Schulkin, a Democratic Elections Commissioner in NYC then explains on video how voter fraud can be committed when people wear burkas inside polling locations on Election Day.
The video starts with the undercover PV journalist talking to Alan Schulkin, the Democratic Elections Commissioner in NYC in which the journalist says, “Not only just voter ID because of voting twice, but people can cover their faces, you know what I’m saying?”
Alan Schulkin responds, “Well the Muslims can do that too. You don’t know who they are.”
The PV journalist then proceeds to test out the information that Alan Schulkin gave to her. An election official then questions the journalist dressed in full burka.
“Do you know where you’re going?” The journalist responds, “No.”
The official then asks the PV journalist for her address in which she responds “254 Park Avenue South.”
The election official then gives the PV journalist a number in line. The video cuts back to Alan Schulkin and the PV journalist’s conversation in which the PV journalist says, “Especially, all those burkas someone could claim, oh it’s my religion, but then you don’t know if they are pretending or not.”
Alan Schulkin responds “Exactly!”
The journalist then proceeds to vote under the name “Huma Abedin,” after talking to an election official who greets her with “Good morning, last name?”
The PV journalist responds, “Abedin”
What follows is shocking, “Since we don’t have your name in the book. You can fill out an affidavit ballot. Ok?” the official says.
The official then asks the PV journalist if she is “Democrat or Republican?” The journalist responds troll-fully “Huma Abedin is a registered Democrat.”
The election official then responds “I don’t have your name in the book but you can vote with a paper ballot.”
The segment then cuts back to Alan Schulkin in which he makes a racist comment about Muslims.
“They detonate bombs in public schools which we’re using that could disrupt the whole election.”
The PV journalist responds “Yeah but they could do it wearing a burka. But then no one could say oh wait let me see your voter ID because they don’t have ID because they don’t want to discriminate because they are wearing a burka.”
Schulkin responds again agreeing with the journalist “exactly” he says.
She then continues to explain. “But no one can do that because your going to offend them, but then it’s like, hey now, I’m not a Muslim but I can go in there you know?”
The video then cuts back to the election official speaking to the PV journalist “But your names not in the book, for some reason it’s not here, but that doesn’t mean you can’t vote by paper ballot. You just can’t vote by machine.” the election official repeats.
“Okay so I can vote today by paper ballot?” the PV journalist responds.
“Yes, yes,” the election official responds.
The journalist then reiterates that she is voting as Huma Abedin to the official who still hasn’t caught on.
“So I can vote today as Huma Abedin, but just with a paper ballot?’
The election official then responds “Whatever you want if that’s you. If that’s the name you voted with last election, and you haven’t changed your name?”
“Okay Ill be back. I’m going to go call my husband Anthony.” The PV journalist then walks away and is told to “come back later” by the election official.
The video ends with a final cut back to Alan Schulkin in which he makes the statement, “Your vote isn’t really counting because they can go in there with a burka on and you don’t know if they are a voter.” He adds, “your vote gets discounted because they come in there with a burka on and they can vote. People think it’s a liberal thing to do, but I take my vote very seriously and I don’t want ten other people coming in negating my vote by voting for the other candidate when they’re not even registered voters.”
 
 
 
 
 
The post Project Veritas Undercover Journalist in Full Burka Is Offered Huma Abedin’s Ballot appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
1892,Shocking! Nostradamus Predicted Donald Trump's Rise To Power!,"There have been many prophets and seers throughout the ages with both wonderful and terrible predictions.

Some of the greatest and most accurate prophecies we ever encountered comes from the words of french seer Michel de Nostredame, better known by his latin coverted name ""Nostradamus"".


During the 16th century, he looked into the future and saw many great calamities engulfing the world, the world wars and even Donald Trump rising to power as President of the United States of America.

Conspiracy theorists are going crazy about these predictions, one of these even speaks of the beginning of a great and terrible war ordered by the ""false trumpet"". It talks about Greece becoming a landmark for immigrants and refugees which has been a topic at the centre of Trump's candidacy . 

So what's gonna become of the world now? How big will the American Wall be? 

Disclose TV SOURCE ",0
1893,"Bucking Liberal Trends, San Diego State University Votes to Keep Aztecs Name - Breitbart","In a vote that bucks the liberal trend of eliminating school team names that reference American Indians, student leaders at San Diego State University voted to remain the San Diego Aztecs. [Instead of dumping the name, in a close 14 to 12 vote the group rejected a resolution to phase out the Aztec name and school mascot as proposed by the school’s Native American Student Alliance, the San Diego   reported.  Liberal supporters of the measure to eliminate the name and mascot insisted that the     mascot, in particular, was “racist. ” But, supporters of the team name and mascot said that the school is keeping the glorious culture of the Aztecs alive with the name. “The resolution was based on a thesis by American Indian Studies Professor Ozzie Monge, who wrote that the Aztec name was inappropriate because, among other reasons, it was chosen on the inaccurate historical assumption that the Aztecs once were in the Southwest United States,” The   reported. This is Monge’s second attempt to eliminate the Aztec name from the school. His first, in 2014, lost in a lopsided 24 to 1 vote. Despite the loss, the professor promised to continue the fight to whitewash the school’s tip of the hat to Aztec history and will introduce a resolution next year. Arguing in favor of keeping the name, Fred Pierce, an alumnus and chair of Fowler College of Business at SDSU, said, “Today, too often politically correctness goes overboard. ” SDSU Executive Associate Athletics Director Steve Schnall added that the Aztecs were “a proud people. ” “In our strength and conditioning room, the Aztec logo is considered sacred,” Schnall said of the team logo on the floor of the facility. “Students walk around it. ” Those who oppose the name and mascot maintained that using the Aztec culture was “inappropriate” and “indefensible. ” Whatever the final outcome of the vote, though, the final decision would be up to school officials, not the student groups. The ultimate decision belongs to SDSU President Elliot Hirshman. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
1894,After 3 Years of Suffering 19 Year Old Girl Dies from Gardasil Vaccine Injuries,"Print This Post After 3 Years of Suffering 19 Year Old Girl Dies from Gardasil Vaccine Injuries Kate was very tall for her age and a very accomplished athlete before receiving the Gardasil vaccine. She died at the age of 19 after suffering for years. 
Health Impact News 
The film VAXXED continues to be shown in new cities across the U.S., with the film crew also traveling to these cities to sponsor Q&A sessions after the filming. Producer Del Bigtree states that the story of the CDC whistleblower and cover-up told in the film is “ Bigger than Watergate. ” 
The film crew also films parents of vaccine damaged or vaccine killed children who turn out to view the film and tell their own stories. Each city they go to reveals incredible stories of families who have suffered from vaccines, and wish they had known more about the risks before agreeing with doctors who seldom, if ever, discuss the side effects and risks. 
In the video below, a tearful mother tells the story of the biggest decision she ever made and will regret the rest of her life, when she allowed her teen-aged daughter Kate, a tall and accomplished student athlete at the time, to receive the Gardasil HPV vaccine. 
Her health began to decline, and the last 3 years of her life she suffered in terrible pain and had to be on a feeding tube. She tragically died at the age of 19. 
Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com. Young women whose lives were destroyed by Gardasil. More information about Gardasil Leaving a lucrative career as a nephrologist (kidney doctor), Dr. Suzanne Humphries is now free to actually help cure people. In this autobiography she explains why good doctors are constrained within the current corrupt medical system from practicing real, ethical medicine. FREE Shipping Available! Order here . Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? eBook – Available for immediate download. 
One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.” 
However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines. 
The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary. 
Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field. 
In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual. 
Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot. 
These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions. 
In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe. Read : Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device!",0
1895,"When Obama Admin Went After Banks, It Forced Them to Give Big Money to Some...Questionable Groups","Share on Twitter 
A new study shows that after the Obama administration's Department of Justice (DOJ) collected billions in settlement money from U.S. banks after the mortgage collapse of 2008, it directed millions upon millions of dollars to several non-government organizations. 
Peter Schweitzer, author of the book “Clinton Cash” and founder of the Government Accountability Institute , told Fox News's Megyn Kelly that tens of millions of dollars from the record-breaking settlements in the bank deals were sent to these ' charitable' groups , some of whose jobs would be to get out the vote for... Democrats: 
“The banks are obviously eager to settle [and not go to trial]. [P]art of that settlement... will go to the victims of the crime you committed, but some of the money will go to pay restitution in the form of giving that money to non-profit organizations. These are non-profit organizations that are overwhelmingly progressive and serve as an adjunct to the Democratic party.” 
One group he mentioned on “ The Kelly File ” was fairly benign-sounding: 
“One organization that has received millions of dollars is in New York called the Asian Americans for Equality. Sounds like a great idea, right? The problem is, when you look into this organization which got money from banks via the Department of Justice, this is an organization affiliated with the Communist Workers Party. I didn't even know the Communist Workers Party was around anymore and, in fact, the organization that received this money is sympathetic to the North Korean regime.” 
Indeed, the New York Times reports that many of the founders of Asian Americans for Equality (AAE) were active members of the Communist Workers Party, though AAE has since distanced itself from any modern-day ties. 
In August, Andy Koenig of the Freedom Partners Chamber of Commerce wrote in The Wall Street Journal about the giveaways by the DOJ to friendly groups, or as he put it, “a handout to the administration's allies” [emphasis added]: 
""Some groups on the list—Catholic Charities, for instance—are relatively nonpolitical. Others—La Raza, the National Urban League, the National Community Reinvestment Coalition and more—are anything but. 
Many of these groups engage in voter registration , community organizing and lobbying on liberal policy priorities at every level of government. They also provide grants to other liberal groups not eligible for payouts under the settlements. Thanks to the Obama administration, and the fungibility of money, the settlements’ beneficiaries can now devote hundreds of thousands or even millions of dollars to these activities."" 
Judicial Watch began an investigation in 2012, and here's what it said about how the Obama administration ladled out the vast amounts of money: 
“The Department of Justice (DOJ) will determine which 'qualified organizations' get leftover settlement cash and Democrat-tied groups like the scandal-plagued Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN) and the open-borders National Council of La Raza (NCLR) stand to get large sums based on the hastily arranged deal which got court approval in just a few days.” 
The disgraced ACORN , the group that used protests to pressure banks into giving mortgages to people who couldn't qualify , was among those receiving Obama justice department funds. The group is now known under its new name, Mutual Housing Association of New York. 
The DOJ also gave funds to the National Community Reinvestment Coalition, which carries the very name of the legislation signed into law by Bill Clinton — The Community Reinvestment Act — believed by many to be responsible for the implosion of the mortgage-lending industry. 
Some additional groups receiving the bank settlement money included: 
Minneapolis High Rise Representative Council [ACORN affiliate] 
La Raza ",0
1896,Muhammad Ali Fans Pay Homage to Their Local Hero - The New York Times,"LOUISVILLE, Ky.  —   Hours before some of the biggest names in sports, politics and entertainment converged to honor Muhammad Ali at a memorial service on Friday, tens of thousands of people lined the streets of his hometown chanting “Ali!” and throwing flowers as a hearse carried his body to a cemetery to be laid to rest. There were no barriers to keep people off the street, and they swarmed forward, tossing flowers onto the hearse. A gently chaotic decorum prevailed: Riding with the windows down, people in the limousines accompanying the hearse  —   including members of the Ali family, the actor Will Smith and the mayor, Greg Fischer  —   slapped hands with the spectators as they passed. The procession, more celebratory than somber, past his pink boyhood home and the museum and conference center that bear his name, wove 19 miles through the city to Cave Hill Cemetery, where Ali, who died last week at age 74, was buried in a private service. “Muhammad wants young people to know that adversity can make you stronger,” his wife, Lonnie, said later at a memorial service packed with dignitaries, taking stock of his bouts in and out of the ring. “It cannot rob you of the power to reach your dreams. ” She added, “It is far more difficult to sacrifice oneself in the name of peace than to take up arms in the name of violence. ” At a time of controversy over police shootings of young black people, Lonnie Ali recalled that Muhammad Ali got into boxing at the age of 12, after his bicycle was stolen. A white police officer taking the report suggested he learn to fight if he wanted to confront the person who took it. “America must never forget, when a cop and an inner city kid talk to each other, miracles can happen,” she said. President Bill Clinton alluded to Ali’s long fight with Parkinson’s disease, recalling the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta when Ali, with trembling arms from the ailment, lit the torch to open the games. “Besides being a lot of fun to be around and being a universal soldier for our common humanity, I will always think of him as a truly free man of faith, and being a man of faith, he realized he’d never be in full control of his life,’’ Clinton said. “Something like Parkinson’s could come along. But being free, he realized that life was still open to choices. It’s the choices that Muhammad Ali made that brought us all here today in honor and love. ” Before they spoke, a diverse group of religious leaders at a memorial service later offered prayers, remembrances of Ali and, at times, pointed political remarks. The Rev. Kevin Cosby of St. Stephen Church in Louisville took note of the racial pride Ali instilled in African Americans, particularly during the civil rights struggles of the 1960s and 1970s. “He dared to love black people at a time when black people had a problem loving themselves,” he said. “He dared to affirm the beauty of blackness, he dared to affirm the power and the capacity of  . He dared to love America’s most unloved race. ” Drawing rousing cheers, Rabbi Michael Lerner, the editor of Tikkun magazine and a liberal activist, declared, in what appeared to be a reference to   rhetoric on the presidential campaign trail, “We will not allow politicians to put down Muslims, to blame Muslims for a few people. ” Long before the remarks, and eulogies by other speakers, including President Bill Clinton, Billy Crystal, and Bryant Gumbel, the motorcade offered a chance for Ali to be cheered and honored in the city where he grew up and never seemed to forget. Some of Ali’s opponents joined in. On Broadway in downtown Louisville, people were startled to see Larry Holmes, who beat Ali in February 1980, being led along the sidewalk outside the Brown Hotel with a young man at his elbow. Mr. Holmes smiled and said little as he shook hands and handed out signed picture cards.   lined up eight and 10 deep along both sides of Broadway stretching for blocks. Office workers streamed from their desks to stand vigil as the procession neared and passed. The motorcade, which included more than a dozen vehicles, headed into the largely   neighborhood where Ali spent his formative years. There, in the parking lot of the Liquor Zone, nearly everyone seemed to have a story about either meeting Ali, or being inspired by him. Robert Mitchem, known as “Froot Loop” because people mistakenly think he likes that cereal, set up a shirt stand with two friends early in the morning. Mitchem wanted to be ready for the     chance to commemorate the city’s most famous son, and make a few bucks at it. “Fruit” or “Fruity,” as Mitchem is also known, had an array of different colored   with Ali’s picture and his most famous catchphrases, like “Float like a Butterfly, sting like a bee. ” “I hope to sell all of them, and when I die, I hope someone is going to have my name on a shirt, too,” he said with a chuckle. At $15, the shirts, which Mitchem makes with a silk screen and heat press in the basement of his home, were a relative bargain, and word in the neighborhood was out. First a handful and then a torrent of customers came to buy the shirts. Then they opened lawn chairs, bottles of water and other, stronger beverages and awaited the   heavyweight champion. “He was a dignitary from the sports world who traveled the globe, but he never forgot where he came from,” said Wayne Simon, 72, who remembers Ali visiting their alma mater, Central High School, after he won a gold medal at the 1960 Olympic Games in Rome. Despite the searing sun and rising temperatures, the several hundred people assembled in and around the parking lot celebrated Ali anew. Donald “Doc” Burress, 63, remembers as a kid crowding around his family’s    television to watch Ali knock out Sonny Liston. “What he did for Louisville, he was our spokesman,” Burress said, his daughter and two grandchildren sitting by his side. “He was bigger than Churchill Downs,” the famed horse racing track that hosts the Kentucky Derby. Thalisa Price, who wore a leather vest with her nickname, “Ms. Lovely,” stitched on the back, wanted to buy an Ali shirt before leaving for Memphis on Saturday with her motorcycle club, the Naptown Riders. “I’m going to wear this shirt to let people know we’re from Louisville,” she said. Eventually, the police closed traffic on Broadway and helicopters circled above the big intersection. The crowds on every corner swelled further. One fan who held a pair a red boxing gloves yelled, “Come on, Champ, take your time. We ain’t gonna see you no more. ” A few minutes later, the motorcade arrived and, as in downtown, Ali’s fans rushed into the street. The procession passed, heading toward the boxer’s childhood home on Grand Avenue. People started folding their lawn chairs and heading back to their own homes. Mitchem, though, still had work to do. Having sold more than 10 dozen shirts, he was going to rush home and print some more. “That was awesome,” he said. “It sent chills through me because it was like pure love. ”",0
1897,N.C.A.A. Ends Boycott of North Carolina After So-Called Bathroom Bill Is Repealed - The New York Times,"GLENDALE, Ariz.  —   The N. C. A. A. on Tuesday “reluctantly” lifted its ban on holding championship events in North Carolina, removing its    prohibition less than a week after the state’s Legislature and governor repealed a   bathroom bill that had led to boycotts of the state. The organization, which governs college athletics, said in a statement that the law’s replacement in North Carolina had “minimally achieved a situation where we believe N. C. A. A. championships may be conducted in a nondiscriminatory environment. ” The earlier law, known as House Bill 2, or H. B. 2, had removed   protections for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people, and it required transgender people to use bathrooms in public facilities that aligned with their sex at birth. While the replacement bill bars local governments from passing their own ordinances on the topic until 2020, it left regulation of bathrooms up to the State Legislature. The N. C. A. A.’s carefully worded statement left the door open to its continuing to make decisions on a    basis and even to retracting hosting opportunities on short notice in light of new developments  —   as it did last year, when it moved several championship events, including men’s basketball tournament games, out of the state. The N. C. A. A. noted that it requires prospective hosts to submit “additional documentation”  —   it includes a questionnaire  —   about their ability to protect visitors from discrimination. At the same time, by providing a clearer blueprint of what is not and, now, is acceptable, the N. C. A. A. gave comfort not only to North Carolina lawmakers but to those in other states considering restrictions similar to those in North Carolina’s new law. In Texas, where next year’s Final Four is set to be held (in San Antonio) the author of such a proposal, known as Senate Bill 6, or the Texas Privacy Act, cheered the N. C. A. A.’s decision on Tuesday. “I applaud the N. C. A. A. for now agreeing that there is nothing discriminatory about the Texas Privacy Act,” its author, Lois Kolkhorst, a Republican state senator, said in a statement, “or our honest efforts to address the serious issue of privacy and safety in our public facilities and school showers, locker rooms and restrooms. ” While advocates on both sides of the debate have tended to describe North Carolina’s compromise as insufficient, the state’s business community, which opposed H. B. 2 on pragmatic grounds, saw the N. C. A. A.’s decision as a   vindication. “We’re grateful to see that the N. C. A. A. has renewed its faith in North Carolina and the Charlotte region once again,” Tom Murray, chief executive of the Charlotte Regional Visitors Authority, said. “The events that the N. C. A. A. touches are far more important to our region than just the significant economic impact they inject into our community. We’re energized that we’ll be able to both partner with the N. C. A. A. and compete to host these events in the coming years. ” J. Michael Bitzer, a political scientist at Catawba College in Salisbury, N. C. said that as a practical matter, “the reluctant hesitancy but acknowledgment of North Carolina having these opportunities from the N. C. A. A. will hopefully start to smooth the waters in this state” and will, to outside businesses, act as a “signal to start putting North Carolina back on their plate of opportunities. ” Bitzer added that this was so even though the policy landscape in North Carolina remained ambiguous: The new law, he said, “certainly took H. B. 2 off the books, but it didn’t necessarily take off the policies, considering that the state still controls nondiscrimination policy. ” (Republicans enjoy   supermajorities in the Legislature, he noted.) The two sides that struck the deal last week were motivated in no small part by a desire to placate the N. C. A. A. in a state where college sports are culturally vital (and where the flagship university’s men’s basketball team won its sixth national championship on Monday night). North Carolina Coach Roy Williams and Duke Coach Mike Krzyzewski had publicly criticized H. B. 2. Both sides welcomed the N. C. A. A.’s decision on Tuesday. “We are pleased with the N. C. A. A.’s decision and acknowledgment that our compromise legislation ‘restores the state to   …     a landscape similar to other jurisdictions presently hosting N. C. A. A. championships,’ ” the State Senate leader, Phil Berger, and the House Speaker, Tim Moore, both Republicans, said in a statement. Gov. Roy Cooper, a Democrat, said in his own statement that while “more work remains to be done,” the N. C. A. A.’s decision was “good news. ” Critics of the state’s new law condemned the N. C. A. A. “The N. C. A. A.’s decision to backtrack on their vow to protect L. G. B. T. Q. players, employees and fans is deeply disappointing and puts people at risk,” Chad Griffin, the president of the Human Rights Campaign, said. “After drawing a line in the sand and calling for repeal of H. B. 2, the N. C. A. A. simply let North Carolina lawmakers off the hook. ” Athlete Ally also released a statement criticizing the N. C. A. A. Hudson Taylor, the organization’s founder and executive director, had said that the N. C. A. A.’s rescinding of its ban would set “a challenging precedent. ” “If the N. C. A. A. is willing to go back to North Carolina when there is still an overt lack of L. G. B. T. protections and respect under the law,” he said in an interview on Monday, “then other states looking to pass  . G. B. T. legislation know they will still be rewarded with N. C. A. A. events and can go forward with that legislation. ” Advocates on the right also continued to train a cautious eye on the N. C. A. A. “H. B. 2 was never as controversial as the media and liberal activists wanted us to believe,” said Francis De Luca, president of Civitas, which calls itself North Carolina’s Conservative Voice. He added, “We will be watching to see if the N. C. A. A.’s action matches their rhetoric. ” The N. C. A. A. is expected to begin announcing championship events through 2022 this month. Last week, the Atlantic Coast Conference, which is headquartered in the state and had joined the N. C. A. A. in moving its   championships out of the state after the passage of H. B. 2 last year, announced that it was again open to staging such events, like its football title game, in the state. The N. B. A. which moved its   Game in February from Charlotte in response to the old law, is expected to address the issue at its owners’ meeting this week. The N. C. A. A.’s boycott of North Carolina for championship events had intense reverberations in the state. The Duke and North Carolina men’s basketball teams had to begin play in the N. C. A. A. tournament in Greenville, S. C. rather than in Greensboro, N. C. closer to campus. An Associated Press study found that House Bill 2 could have cost the state nearly $4 billion over 12 years because of canceled events.",0
1898,Scientists Shocked As They Find Melanesians Carry DNA Of An Unknown “Human” Species,"Hints of an unidentified, extinct human species have been found in the DNA of modern Melanesians – those living in a region of the South Pacific, northeast of Australia. 
Via AlternativeNews 

According to new genetic modelling, the species is unlikely to be Neanderthal or Denisovan – two ancient species that are represented in the fossil record – but could represent a third, unknown human relative that has so far eluded archaeologists. “We’re missing a population, or we’re misunderstanding something about the relationships,” Ryan Bohlender, a statistical geneticist from the University of Texas, told Tina Hesman Saey at Science News.
Scroll Down For Video Below! Bohlender and his team have been investigating the percentages of extinct hominid DNA that modern humans still carry today, and say they’ve found discrepancies in previous analyses that suggest our mingling with Neanderthals and Denisovans isn’t the whole story. It’s thought that between 100,000 and 60,000 years ago, our early ancestors migrated out of Africa, and first made contact with other hominid species living on the Eurasian landmass.
This contact left a mark on our species that can still be found today, with Europeans and Asians carrying distinct genetic variants of Neanderthal DNA in their own genomes. And that’s not all they’ve given us.
Earlier this year, researchers investigated certain genetic variants that people of European descent inherited from Neanderthals, and found that they’re associated with several health problems, including a slightly increased risk of depression, heart attack, and a number of skin disorders.
And a separate study published earlier this month found evidence that modern genital warts – otherwise known as the human papillomavirus (HPV) – were sexually transmitted to Homo sapiens after our ancestors slept with Neanderthals and Denisovans once they left Africa. While our relationship with Neanderthals has been widely researched, how we interacted with the Denisovans – the distant cousins of Neanderthals – is less clear.
The problem is that Neanderthals are well represented in the fossil record, with many remains having been uncovered across Europe and Asia, but all we have of the Denisovans is a lone finger bone and a couple of teeth that were found in a Siberian cave in 2008.
Using a new computer model to figure out the amount of Neanderthal and Denisovan DNA carried by modern humans, Bohlender and his colleague found that Europeans and Chinese people carry a similar amount of Neanderthal DNA: about 2.8 percent. That result is pretty similar to previous studies have estimated that Europeans and Asians carry, on average, between 1.5 and 4 percent Neanderthal DNA.
But when they got to Denisovan DNA, things were a bit more complicated, particularly when it came to modern populations living in Melanesia – a region of the South Pacific that includes Vanuatu, the Solomon Islands, Fiji, Papua New Guinea, New Caledonia, West Papua, and the Maluku Islands.
As Hesman Saey explains for Science News: 
“Europeans have no hint of Denisovan ancestry, and people in China have a tiny amount – 0.1 percent, according to Bohlender’s calculations. But 2.74 percent of the DNA in people in Papua New Guinea comes from Neanderthals. And Bohlender estimates the amount of Denisovan DNA in Melanesians is about 1.11 percent, not the 3 to 6 percent estimated by other researchers.
While investigating the Denisovan discrepancy, Bohlender and colleagues came to the conclusion that a third group of hominids may have bred with the ancestors of Melanesians.” “Human history is a lot more complicated than we thought it was,” he told her.
This find is supported by a separate study by researchers from the Natural History Museum of Denmark, who analysed DNA from 83 Aboriginal Australians and 25 locals from the Papua New Guinea highlands. As we reported last month, this was the most comprehensive genetic study of Indigenous Australians to date, and it indicated that they are the oldest continuous civilization on Earth, dating back more than 50,000 years ago.
But the results revealed something else – DNA that was very similar to that of the Denisovans, but distinct enough for the researchers to suggest that it could have come from a third, unidentified hominid. “Who this group is we don’t know,” lead researcher Eske Willerslev told Hesman Saey.
Until we have more concrete evidence of this hypothesized third human species (some fossils would be nice), we can’t prove this, and we should point out that Bohlender’s estimates have yet to be formally peer-reviewed, so they might shift with further scrutiny.
And it could be that our identification of Denisovan DNA is more ambiguous than we think, given that our only source is a finger bone and a couple of teeth. But the evidence is mounting that our interactions with ancient humans were far more complex than we’d assumed, which shouldn’t be much of a surprise, when you think about it.
Just because we don’t see them in the fossil record doesn’t mean they didn’t exist – preserving the remains of something for tens of thousands of years isn’t easy, and then someone has to be in the right place at the right time to dig them up.
Hopefully, the more we investigate the genetic make-up of our most ancient societies, the more hints we’ll get of the rich and complicated history our species shared with those that didn’t make it to modern times. So much incredible findings of an unknown DNA surface, we may need to think twice before saying that we are ‘alone’ in the universe.
",0
1899,"Scary Dogs! Rigged Machines! Votes From the Grave! This Election, Paranoia Reigns - The New York Times","There was the myth of Trump supporters sending wild dogs to scare off black voters in Ohio. In Texas, some of the voting booths supposedly became possessed, switching ballots cast for Donald J. Trump to Hillary Clinton. And then there was the amateur genealogist said to be committing voter fraud by jotting down names found on gravestones. A week before Election Day, warnings of a rigged vote, amplified largely by Mr. Trump himself, have led to anxiety across the country about the integrity of the electoral process. In some instances, the concerns appear to be justified, but many have resulted from simple glitches or a heightened sense of suspicion. In any case, a year of extraordinary political polarization has left voters increasingly wary about their fellow citizens and the credibility of the country’s method for picking a president. “I think there’s definitely more paranoia this year,” said Pamela Smith, the president of Verified Voting, a nonpartisan group that promotes the integrity of elections. “There has been a lot of talk about election rigging. If you think an election is going to be rigged, then you look at everything through that filter. ” Many of the rumors of rigged votes have taken on a life of their own on social media, where conspiracy theories flourish and accusations fly. The reports have left election officials and the local authorities scrambling to verify claims of mischief and, often, to offer reality checks. One of the most fiercely contested battlegrounds, Ohio, has been a hotbed of suspicion. Over the weekend, a political activist with more than 30, 000 Twitter followers wrote a post saying that Trump supporters with dogs were threatening black voters who went to the polls early in Cincinnati. The post sent his followers into a frenzy, but local officials said the man, Jim Wallis, was making a false claim. The message was later deleted. “I saw a couple of Seeing Eye dogs, one miniature horse wearing a campaign sign and another rather large but friendly dog on a leash,” Tim Burke, the chairman of the Hamilton County Board of Elections, told The Cincinnati Enquirer. In Butler County, Ohio, Leah Edwards notified the authorities about voter fraud when she saw a man taking notes and photographing gravestones at a cemetery. “I can’t think of any other reason a person would be doing this,” she wrote on the Facebook page of the Butler County Sheriff’s Office. A man who said that he was the one later detained at the cemetery, Frank Flack, posted a reply that assailed Ms. Edwards for being irresponsible. He said he had been photographing grave markers for a “find a grave” memorial project. “Sorry to dispel your conspiracy theory on voter fraud,” Mr. Flack wrote. “If you would have stopped and talked to me, I could have let you know that I am a registered Republican!” Texas is known for its skepticism about the system, and early voting there spurred an uproar about glitches with voting machines. Voters in several counties complained that they had voted for a straight Republican ticket, only to see the box for Mrs. Clinton highlighted. The anecdotes ricocheted around conservative corners of the web, leading to urgent warnings from the likes of Sean Hannity and the site Infowars. The notion of a widespread conspiracy was debunked by Nancy Tanner, a judge in Potter County, Tex. who blamed user error for most of the malfunctions. “As everyone knows, our fingers don’t always do what our brain tells them,” Judge Tanner said. Voter registration problems in North Carolina and other states have led to confusion and long lines. With talk of rigging so pervasive, anything out of the ordinary can be taken as potentially untoward. When faulty machines would not accept ballots in Boone, N. C. Allison Critcher was asked by a poll worker to slip her ballot through a little metal slot on the ballot box. She felt that something might be fishy. “They did not, however, explain what they were going to do with our ballots, which made me a little wary,” said Ms. Critcher, who voted in late October. Not all of the   problems reported this year are figments of imagination. Kristen Clarke, the executive director of the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, said that her organization’s national hotline for reporting problems at the polls had received about 50, 000 calls this year, and that there had been more complaints about voter intimidation than in 2012. “We have observed a more fevered pitch in the kinds of calls that we received from voters,” Ms. Clarke said. “Most certainly this is an election cycle fueled by toxic rhetoric and one in which anxiety levels are higher. ” The local authorities have been taking action against people who may have committed voter fraud, and civil rights groups are pushing back against what they say are acts of disenfranchisement. A woman from Des Moines was arrested last week and accused of casting early ballots for Mr. Trump in two Iowa locations. In   County, Fla. a    elections employee was arrested after her   said she had tampered with ballots sent by mail. On Monday, the North Carolina N. A. A. C. P. filed a federal lawsuit to try to stop state and local election boards from canceling the registrations of thousands of black voters. Voters appear to be more suspicious of one another this year, said Wendy Weiser, the director of the democracy program at the Brennan Center for Justice at New York University. But Ms. Weiser said she did not expect voter fraud to be more prevalent than in other general elections. In fact, Mr. Trump’s loud assertion that the election is rigged may have the effect of making irregularities even rarer. “One of the silver linings is that people are even more prepared,” Ms. Weiser said. “There’s undoubtedly more attention being paid to what’s going on in polling places. ” For his part, Mr. Trump appears content to keep the integrity of the voting process in doubt. At a rally in Colorado on Sunday, Mr. Trump suggested that people were probably voting multiple times across the country and that their votes were probably not being counted properly. “I know they’re all saying, ‘Of course, everything is so legitimate,’” Mr. Trump said. “Perhaps I’m a more skeptical person. ”",0
1900,Whom to Vote For? Employees Tend to Follow Their Leader - The New York Times,"Late last month, Tim Cook, Apple’s chief executive, hosted a private   for Hillary Clinton in Los Altos, Calif. along with his colleague Lisa Jackson, vice president of Apple’s environmental, policy and social initiatives. The private,    event required a donation of $2, 700 to $50, 000. While Mr. Cook’s role was as a private citizen  —   it was not an Apple event  —   the message to employees about whom he is supporting for president is clear. The influence of chief executives like Mr. Cook over employees’ political leanings and donations, intentional or not, is substantial: It may not be an overstatement to suggest that a chief executive’s politics may be one of the most significant factors in swaying how employees think about elections. The results of a new academic study looking at the power of chief executives over the politics of their employees is stunning and perhaps unsettling. Three business professors set out to examine “how the political preferences of C. E. O.s affect their employees’ campaign contributions and electoral choices. ” The results of the study, which looked at eight federal election cycles from 1999 to 2014 and over 2, 000 companies, showed a statistically significant correlation among campaign contributions made by the chief and his or her employees as well as voter turnout. The study found that “employees direct approximately three times more of their campaign contributions to political candidates supported by their firm’s C. E. O. than to otherwise similar candidates. ” If you’re thinking, “Well, C. E. O.s and employees donate along similar party lines because they share common values and interest,” think again. The study uncovered patterns that show a chief executive’s influence is profound: “When a new C. E. O. contributes to different political candidates from the ones supported by the prior C. E. O. employees tend to follow   lead and redirect their donations as well,” wrote the professors, Ilona Babenko of Arizona State University, Viktar Fedaseyeu of Bocconi University in Italy and Song Zhang of the University of Lugano in Switzerland. There is nothing inherently wrong, in most cases, with a chief executive or employee raising money for a particular candidate or party. Mr. Cook, it is worth noting, gives to both sides of the aisle, having just hosted a separate   for House Speaker Paul Ryan in June. But the influence of a boss’s political leanings should not be underestimated. “Our evidence indicates that C. E. O.s are a political force, with potentially important implications for firms they manage and for the nature of democracy,” the authors wrote. “The welfare implications depend both on whether C. E. O.s promote their own political agenda or act in the interests of their firms, and on whether the interests of the firm coincide with the interests of its employees. ” Some C. E. O.s don’t just lead by example they actively solicit donations from their own employees for candidates and   political action committees, which can create its own thicket of ethical questions. The Federal Election Commission, for example, investigated the way Robert Murray, chief executive of Murray Energy, had solicited political donations from his employees through emails and internal videos. Some employees told The New Republic that they felt pressured to donate, fearing that not to do so might risk their jobs. The Federal Election Commission, ultimately, found Mr. Murray hadn’t broken any laws. Still, the risks  —   and complex set of election laws  —   make political   a complicated endeavor for those in the corner office. “The potentially coercive effect of an employer’s solicitation counsels in favor of avoiding the situation altogether,” said Harvey Pitt, a former chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the chief of Kalorama Partners, a Washington consulting firm. “The logical alternative  —   having a very strong and clear disclaimer  —   doesn’t really work, since many employees might not believe the disclaimer, no matter how strongly it is worded. ” Tony Fratto, a former deputy assistant to President George W. Bush who now operates a consulting firm, Hamilton Place, took issue with the idea that C. E. O.s should remain outside the political campaign arena. “I don’t doubt that some employees feel pressure to align with the C. E. O. politically, but my experience is that in most cases both C. E. O.s and employees are overwhelmingly influenced by a candidate’s views or voting record on industry issues,” he said. “I encourage firms to do more to inform their employees at all levels about what political leaders’ records are on their key policies. I actually think that doesn’t happen enough. ” Alexander   a professor at Columbia University, found in his own survey that “a quarter of employees reported that their bosses have tried to engage them in politics,” but reported that “about 7 percent of employees reported clearly coercive kinds of political contact at work  —   messages that made workers uncomfortable or included threats of plant closures, cuts in hours or layoffs. ” This election cycle, it seems that many C. E. O. s, especially on Wall Street, have chosen to be less public about whom they are supporting in the presidential race. Perhaps because of the lingering negative memories of the financial crisis or perhaps because this presidential election has turned so decidedly nasty, many executives have stayed on the sideline. In June, Brian Krzanich, chief executive of Intel, canceled an event at his home for Donald Trump after it was reported to be causing a firestorm among Intel employees and peers in Silicon Valley that felt Mr. Trump’s policies were damaging to the industry. Mr. Krzanich later said he canceled the event because it had turned into a   without his approval. “I do not intend to endorse any presidential candidate. We are interested in engaging both campaigns in open dialogue on issues in technology,” he wrote on Twitter. When it comes to presidential politics, some executives privately say they worry they could see reprisals against their business or industry if they were to actively campaign for one candidate or another. “The risk of being on the record publicly against a politician is high, particularly if that politician may take retaliatory action,” said Brian Richter, an assistant professor at the University of Texas at Austin. That didn’t stop 150 technology executives from writing an open letter in July opposing Trump’s policies. The list of signatories included the leaders of Silicon Valley darlings like Slack and Box but notably was not signed by the current leaders of Google, Apple or Facebook, which typically face the most regulatory scrutiny. Clearly the influence of C. E. O.s and other senior executives’ political preferences on the people working for them deserves more scrutiny. In the meantime, while it is hard to know how individuals will ultimately vote when they pull the lever in November, perhaps a new election polling data point should be the preferences of their bosses.",0
1901,Dennis Rodman Gives North Korea’s Kim Jong-Un Trump’s ’Art of the Deal’ - Breitbart,"Dennis Rodman gives Kim Jong Un eclectic gifts that include ”Where’s Waldo,” Trump’s book, mermaid puzzle and soap. https:  .  pic. twitter.  NBA Hall of Fame’s Dennis Rodman is in North Korea visiting dictator Kim   “trying to open a door” between the North Korea leader and United States President Donald Trump.  Thursday, Rodman did just that, giving North Korea’s sports minister a copy of Trump’s book “The Art of the Deal,” among other gifts, intended for Kim  . Along with Trump’s book, Rodman gifted the North Korean dictator with two autographed generic basketball jerseys, bath soap sets, a mermaid jigsaw puzzle and a “Where’s Waldo?” book. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
1902,Inside a Fake News Sausage Factory: ‘This Is All About Income’ - The New York Times,"TBILISI, Georgia  —   Jobless and with graduation looming, a computer science student at the premier university in the nation of Georgia decided early this year that money could be made from America’s voracious appetite for passionately partisan political news. He set up a website, posted gushing stories about Hillary Clinton and waited for ad sales to soar. “I don’t know why, but it did not work,” said the student, Beqa Latsabidze, 22, who was savvy enough to change course when he realized what did drive traffic: laudatory stories about Donald J. Trump that mixed real  —   and completely fake  —   news in a stew of   fervor. More than 6, 000 miles away in Vancouver, a Canadian who runs a satirical website, John Egan, had made a similar observation. Mr. Egan’s site, The Burrard Street Journal, offers sendups of the news, not fake news, and he is not trying to fool anyone. But he, too, discovered that writing about Mr. Trump was a “gold mine. ” His traffic soared and his work, notably a story that President Obama would move to Canada if Mr. Trump won, was plundered by Mr. Latsabidze and other internet entrepreneurs for their own websites. “It’s all Trump,” Mr. Egan said by telephone. “People go nuts for it. ” With Mr. Obama now warning of the corrosive threat from fake political news circulated on Facebook and other social media, the pressing question is who produces these stories, and how does this overheated, often fabricated news ecosystem work? Some analysts worry that foreign intelligence agencies are meddling in American politics and using fake news to influence elections. But one window into how the meat in fake sausages gets ground can be found in the buccaneering internet economy, where satire produced in Canada can be taken by a recent college graduate in the former Soviet republic of Georgia and presented as real news to attract clicks from credulous readers in the United States. Mr. Latsabidze said his only incentive was to make money from Google ads by luring people off Facebook pages and onto his websites. To gin up material, Mr. Latsabidze often simply cut and pasted, sometimes massaging headlines but mostly just copying material from elsewhere, including Mr. Egan’s prank story on Mr. Obama. Mr. Egan was not amused to see his satirical work on Mr. Latsabidze’s website and filed a copyright infringement notice to defend his intellectual property. Yet Mr. Egan conceded a certain professional glee that Mr. Trump is here to stay. “Now that we’ve got him for four years,” he said, “I can’t believe it. ” By some estimates, bogus news stories appearing online and on social media had an even greater reach in the final months of the presidential campaign than articles by mainstream news organizations. Since then, internet giants like Facebook and Google have engaged in soul searching over their roles in disseminating false news. Google announced that it would ban websites that host fake news from using its online advertising service, while Facebook’s chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, outlined some of the options his company was considering, including simpler ways for users to flag suspicious content. In Tbilisi, the   rented apartment Mr. Latsabidze shares with his younger brother is an unlikely offshore outpost of America’s fake news industry. The two brothers, both computer experts, get help from a third young Georgian, an architect. They say they have no keen interest in politics themselves and initially placed bets across the American political spectrum and experimented with show business news, too. They set up a   website, walkwithher. com, a Facebook page cheering Bernie Sanders and a web digest of straightforward political news plagiarized from The New York Times and other mainstream news media. But those sites, among the more than a dozen registered by Mr. Latsabidze, were busts. Then he shifted all his energy to Mr. Trump. His flagship   website, departed. co, gained remarkable traction in a crowded field in the prelude to the Nov. 8 election thanks to steady menu of relentlessly   and   stories. (On Wednesday, a few hours after The New York Times met with Mr. Latsabidze to ask him about his activities, the site vanished along with his Facebook page.) “My audience likes Trump,” he said. “I don’t want to write bad things about Trump. If I write fake stories about Trump, I lose my audience. ” Some of his Trump stories are true, some are highly slanted and others are totally false, like one this summer reporting that “the Mexican government announced they will close their borders to Americans in the event that Donald Trump is elected President of the United States. ” Data compiled by Buzzfeed showed that the story was the third   fake story on Facebook from May to July. So successful was the formula that others in Georgia and other faraway lands joined in, too, including Nika Kurdadze, a college acquaintance of Mr. Latsabidze’s who set up his own   site, newsbreakshere. com. Its recent offerings included a fake report headlined: “Stop it Liberals  …    Hillary Lost the Popular Vote by Several Million. Here’s Why. ” That story, like most of Mr. Latsabidze’s work, was pilfered from the web. Mr. Latsabidze initially ran into no problems from all his cutting and pasting of other people’s stories, and he even got ripped off himself when a rival in India hijacked a   Facebook page he had set up to drive traffic to his websites. (He said that the Indian rival had offered $10, 000 to buy the page, but that he had reneged on payment after being provided with access rights and commandeered it for himself.) Then the notice arrived from Mr. Egan in Canada, which prompted the company that hosts Mr. Latsabidze’s websites, including departed. co, to shut them down for two days until he removed the offending story. “It was really bad for me,” Mr. Latsabidze recalled. “Traffic dropped and I had to start everything all over again. ” Mr. Egan, for his part, said he did not like others making money unfairly off his labor. And he estimated that “probably half” the readers of his stories believe they are true because of the widespread theft by other websites. “A lot of that was conservative readers who see it picked up on other sites and believe it,” Mr. Egan said. “In many cases, they haven’t actually read it, they’re just reacting to a headline. ” Mr. Latsabidze said he was amazed that anyone could mistake many of the articles he posts for real news, insisting they are simply a form of infotainment that should not be taken too seriously. “I don’t call it fake news I call it satire,” he said. He avoids sex and violence because they violate Facebook rules, he said, but he sees nothing wrong otherwise with providing readers with what they want. “Nobody really believes that Mexico is going to close its border,” he said, sipping coffee this week in a McDonald’s in downtown Tbilisi. “This is crazy. ” All the same, the     story proved so popular after it appeared on his site that he hunted around on the web for other articles on the same theme. He found a tall tale about Mexico planning to call back its citizens from the United States if Mr. Trump won. This, too, generated huge traffic, though not quite as much as the first one, which Mr. Latsabidze described as “a really great story. ” He insisted he has nothing against Mexicans or Muslims, whose exclusion from the United States is requested by an online petition that often appears on his websites and who are invariably presented in a negative light in the stories he posts. “I am not against Muslims,” he said. “I just saw that there was interest. They are in the news. ” Nor, he added, is he particularly against Mrs. Clinton, though he personally prefers Mr. Trump. If his   site had taken off, he said, he would have pressed on with that, but “people did not engage,” so he focused on serving   supporters instead. They, he quickly realized, were a far more receptive audience “because they are angry” and eager to read outrageous tales. “For me, this is all about income, nothing more,” he added. The income comes mostly from Google, which pays a few cents each time a reader sees or clicks on advertisements embedded in one of Mr. Latsabidze’s websites. His best month, which coincided with the hit bogus story about Mexico closing the border, brought in around $6, 000, though monthly revenue is usually much lower. Mr. Obama, speaking in Berlin last week, assailed the spread of phony news on Facebook and other platforms, warning that “if we are not serious about facts and what’s true and what’s not” and “if we can’t discriminate between serious arguments and propaganda, then we have problems. ” While Facebook does not directly provide Mr. Latsabidze any revenue, it plays a central role in driving traffic to his websites. He initially established several fake Facebook pages intended to steer traffic to his websites, including one supposedly set up by a beautiful woman named Valkiara Beka. This woman, he acknowledged, does not really exist. “She is me,” he said. He discovered, however, that such pages were ineffective compared with legitimate Facebook pages from real people, particularly Trump supporters, because they have so much energy and love promoting stories they like. Departed. co  —   named after Mr. Latsabidze’s favorite movie, “The Departed,” and recently redirected to usatodaycom. com  —   published dozens of stories daily, many of them similar to one posted on Nov. 17 with the headline, “This Is Huuge! International Arrest Warrant Issued By Putin For George Soros!” The story was not true and had already been published on scores of other fake news sites around the web. Then there are the stories that have a grain of truth, along with big dollops of exaggeration and extrapolation, like “Dying Hillary Says She Just Wants To Curl Up And Never Leave Her House Again After Defeat. ” Mrs. Clinton did say the day after her election defeat that she just wanted to curl up with a book. But she was not, as far as anyone knows, dying. In the prelude to the election, bogus reports about Mrs. Clinton’s health and highly favorable ones about Mr. Trump were promoted with gusto by Russian   news media outlets and legions of   internet agitators. This has stirred suspicions that the Kremlin has had a hand in the fake news industry, prompting American researchers to assert in recent studies that the online blurring of the boundary between truth and falsehood is in part the result of Russian manipulation. But Mr. Latsabidze and others here say they serve only their bank balances, not Russia or anything else. He insisted that his team operated entirely on its own and that it did not want or need outside help. He said that it took him just two hours to set up a basic website and that anyone with a modicum of computer savvy could quickly start hawking news  —   real or fake  —   online. “I did not invent anything,” he said. “It has all been done before. ” Mr. Latsabidze, who apparently has broken no laws, said that any crackdown on fake news might work in the short term but that “something else will come along to replace it. ” “If they want to, they can control everything,” he said, “but this will stop freedom of speech. ” For now, the postelection period has been bad for business, with a sharp fall in the appetite for incendiary political news favoring Mr. Trump. Traffic to departed. co and affiliated websites has plunged in recent weeks by at least 50 percent, Mr. Latsabidze said. “If Hillary had won, it would be better for us,” he said. “I could write about the bad things she was going to do,” he said. “I did not write to make Trump win. I just wanted to get viewers and make some money. ” In the months since he got into the fake news business, Mr. Latsabidze has landed a day job as a programmer with a software company, which he sees as a better future. “This is more stable work,” he said. But he seemed reluctant to quit altogether. “Are there any elections coming up in the U. K.?” Mr. Latsabidze asked. He was disappointed to hear that none were scheduled soon. But, advised that France will hold a hotly contested presidential election next April featuring a   candidate in the form of Marine Le Pen, a   populist, he perked up. “Maybe I should learn some French,” he said.",0
1904,"Nusra Front, Allies Attack Fellow Syrian Rebels in Aleppo","Fastaqim Positions Overrun, Fighters Detained by Jason Ditz, November 03, 2016 Share This 
With the Nusra Front-led rebels in Aleppo still engaged in a major offensive against government forces in the western part of the city, they also found time to launch a whole separate offensive against another faction of rebels with which they used to be allied in the city. 
Nusra and its still remaining allies attacked and overran a number of positions belonging to the Fastaqim force, which like the other Nusra allies, is presented as “moderates” who are nominally aligned with the Free Syrian Army (FSA) as well as the al-Qaeda-linked Nusra. 
Fighting was reported to have ended and there are negotiations ongoing among the factions, though some reports suggest Fastaqim lost the majority of their positions and that a large chunk of their fighters have been detained, though the group’s leadership downplayed the losses. 
It’s unclear how significant the infighting will end up being in the context of ongoing fighting with government forces around Aleppo, though it certainly raises questions about the unity among the rebel coalition within the city, and whether the larger forces are going to turn on any other smaller allies in the meantime. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
1905,Phony ‘Corruption’ Excuse for Ukraine Coup,"Posted on November 2, 2016 by WashingtonsBlog 
By Robert Parry, the investigative reporter who many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. Originally published at Parry’s Consortium News (republished with permission). 
If Ukraine becomes a flashpoint for World War III with Russia, the American people might rue the day that their government pressed for the 2014 overthrow of Ukraine’s allegedly corrupt (though elected) president in favor of a coup regime led by Ukrainian lawmakers who now report amassing, on average, more than $1 million each, much of it as cash. 
The New York Times, which served as virtually a press agent for the coup in February 2014, took note of this apparent corruption among the U.S.-favored post-coup officials, albeit deep inside a story that itself was deep inside the newspaper (page A8). The lead angle was a bemused observation that Ukraine’s officialdom lacked faith in the country’s own banks (thus explaining why so much cash). Ukraine’s anti-Russian President Petro Poroshenko speaking to the Atlantic Council in 2014. (Photo credit: Atlantic Council) 
Yet, Ukraine is a country beset by widespread poverty, made worse by the post-coup neoliberal “reforms” slashing pensions, making old people work longer and reducing heating subsidies for common citizens. The average Ukrainian salary is only $214 a month. 
So, an inquiring mind might wonder how – in the face of all that hardship – the post-coup officials did so well for themselves, but Times’ correspondent Andrew E. Kramer treads lightly on the possibility that these officials were at least as corrupt, if not more so, than the elected government that the U.S. helped overthrow. Elected President Viktor Yanukovych had been excoriated for a lavish lifestyle because he had a sauna in his residence. 
Kramer’s article on Wednesday tried to explain the bundles of cash as a sign that “many of the lawmakers and officials responsible for inspiring public trust in Ukraine’s economic and banking institutions have little faith that their own wealth would be safe in the country’s banks, according to recently mandated financial disclosures. … 
“Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman, for example, declared over one million dollars in savings in cash — $870,000 and 460,000 euros — apparently shunning Ukraine’s ever-wobbly banking system. The top official in charge of the country’s banks, Valeriya Gontareva, who is responsible for stabilizing the national currency, the hryvnia, maintains most of her money in American dollars — $1.8 million. 
“A tally of the declarations filed by most of Parliament’s 450 members compiled by one analyst, Andriy Gerus, found that the lawmakers collectively held $482 million in ‘monetary assets,’ of which $36 million was kept as cold, hard cash. … 
“Some politicians seem to have approached the declaration as a sort of amnesty, revealing everything they have earned from decades of crooked dealings, in an effort to come clean. … One minister reported a wine collection with bottles worth thousands of dollars each. Another official declared ownership of a church. Yet another claimed a ticket to outer space with Virgin Galactic. … 
“Another theory making the rounds in Kiev — where people generally acknowledge the inventive, venal genius of their politicians — suggests that the public servants are padding their declarations,” so they can hide future bribes within their reported cash holdings and thus offer plausible excuses for luxury cars and expensive jewelry. 
Accessing More Money 
Ironically, passage of the law requiring the disclosures of what appears to be widespread corruption among Kiev’s officials unlocked millions of euros in new aid money from the European Union that then flowed to the same apparently corrupt officials. Ousted Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych. 
However, because the Ukraine “regime change” in 2014 was partly orchestrated by U.S. and E.U. officials around the propaganda theme that elected President Yanukovych was corrupt – he had that sauna, after all – the continued corruption in the post-coup regime has been a rarely acknowledged, inconvenient truth. Indeed, some business people operating in Ukraine have complained that the corruption has grown worse since Yanukovych was overthrown. 
Yet, only occasionally has that reality been allowed to peek through in the mainstream U.S. media, which prefers to deny that any “coup” occurred, to blame Russia for all of Ukraine’s problems, and to praise the post-coup “reforms” which targeted pensions, heating subsidies and other social programs for average citizens. 
One of the rare deviations from the happy talk appeared in The Wall Street Journal on Jan. 1, 2016, observing that “most Ukrainians say the revolution’s promise to replace rule by thieves with the rule of law has fallen short and the government acknowledges that there is still much to be done.” 
Actually, the numbers suggested something even worse. More and more Ukrainians rated corruption as a major problem facing the nation, including a majority of 53 percent in September 2015, up from 28 percent in September 2014, according to polls by International Foundation for Electoral Systems. 
So, as the hard lives of most Ukrainians got harder, the elites continued to skim off whatever cream was left, including access to billions of dollars in the West’s foreign assistance that has kept the economy afloat. 
There was, for instance, the case of Finance Minister Natalie Jaresko, who was regarded by many pundits as the face of Ukraine’s reform before departing last April after losing out in a power struggle. 
Yet, Jaresko was hardly a paragon of reform. Prior to getting instant Ukrainian citizenship and becoming Finance Minister in December 2014, she was a former U.S. diplomat who had been entrusted to run a $150 million U.S.-taxpayer-funded program to help jump-start an investment economy in Ukraine and Moldova. 
Jaresko’s compensation was capped at $150,000 a year, a salary that many Americans – let alone Ukrainians – would envy, but it was not enough for her. So, she engaged in a variety of maneuvers to evade the cap and enrich herself by claiming millions of dollars in bonuses and fees. 
Ultimately, Jaresko was collecting more than $2 million a year after she shifted management of the Western NIS Enterprise Fund (WNISEF) to her own private company, Horizon Capital, and arranged to get lucrative bonuses when selling off investments, even as the overall WNISEF fund was losing money, according to official records. Ukraine’s former Finance Minister Natalie Jaresko. 
For instance, Jaresko collected $1.77 million in bonuses in 2013, according to a WNISEF filing with the Internal Revenue Service. In her financial disclosure forms with the Ukrainian government, she reported earning $2.66 million in 2013 and $2.05 million in 2014, thus amassing a sizeable personal fortune while investing U.S. taxpayers’ money supposedly to benefit the Ukrainian people. 
It didn’t matter that WNISEF continued to hemorrhage money, shrinking from its original $150 million to $89.8 million in the 2013 tax year, according to the IRS filing. WNISEF reported that the bonuses to Jaresko and other corporate officers were based on “successful” exits from some investments even if the overall fund was losing money. 
Though Jaresko’s enrichment schemes were documented by IRS and other official filings, the mainstream U.S. media turned a blind eye to this history, all the better to pretend that Ukraine’s “reform” process was in good hands. [See Consortiumnews.com’s “ How Ukraine’s Finance Minister Got Rich .”] 
Biden’s Appeal 
Worried about the continued corruption, Vice President Joe Biden, who took a personal interest in Ukraine, lectured Ukraine’s parliament on the need to end cronyism. 
But Biden had his own Ukraine cronyism problem because three months after the U.S.-backed overthrow of the Yanukovych government Ukraine’s largest private gas firm, Burisma Holdings, appointed his son, Hunter Biden, to its board of directors. Vice President Joe Biden. 
Burisma a shadowy Cyprus-based company also lined up well-connected lobbyists, some with ties to Secretary of State John Kerry, including Kerry’s former Senate chief of staff David Leiter, according to lobbying disclosures. 
As Time magazine reported , “Leiter’s involvement in the firm rounds out a power-packed team of politically-connected Americans that also includes a second new board member, Devon Archer, a Democratic bundler and former adviser to John Kerry’s 2004 presidential campaign. Both Archer and Hunter Biden have worked as business partners with Kerry’s son-in-law, Christopher Heinz, the founding partner of Rosemont Capital, a private-equity company.” 
According to investigative journalism inside Ukraine, the ownership of Burisma has been traced to Privat Bank, controlled by the thuggish billionaire oligarch Ihor Kolomoysky, who was appointed by the U.S.-backed “reform” regime to be governor of Dnipropetrovsk Oblast, a south-central province of Ukraine (though Kolomoisky was eventually ousted from that post in a power struggle over control of UkrTransNafta, Ukraine’s state-owned oil pipeline operator). 
In a speech to Ukraine’s parliament in December 2015 , Biden hailed the sacrifice of the 100 or so protesters who died during the Maidan putsch in February 2014, which ousted Yanukovych, referring to the dead by their laudatory name “The Heavenly Hundred.” 
But Biden made no heavenly references to the estimated 10,000 people, mostly ethnic Russians, who have been slaughtered in the U.S.-encouraged “Anti-Terror Operation” waged by the coup regime against eastern Ukrainians who resisted Yanukovych’s violent ouster. Nor did Biden take note that some of the Heavenly Hundred were street fighters for neo-Nazi and other far-right nationalist organizations. 
But after making his sugary references to The Heavenly Hundred, Biden delivered his bitter medicine, an appeal for the parliament to continue implementing International Monetary Fund “reforms,” including demands that old people work longer into their old age. 
Biden said, “For Ukraine to continue to make progress and to keep the support of the international community you have to do more, as well. The big part of moving forward with your IMF program — it requires difficult reforms. And they are difficult. 
“Let me say parenthetically here, all the experts from our State Department and all the think tanks, and they come and tell you, that you know what you should do is you should deal with pensions. You should deal with — as if it’s easy to do. Hell, we’re having trouble in America dealing with it. We’re having trouble. To vote to raise the pension age is to write your political obituary in many places. 
“Don’t misunderstand that those of us who serve in other democratic institutions don’t understand how hard the conditions are, how difficult it is to cast some of the votes to meet the obligations committed to under the IMF. It requires sacrifices that might not be politically expedient or popular. But they’re critical to putting Ukraine on the path to a future that is economically secure. And I urge you to stay the course as hard as it is. Ukraine needs a budget that’s consistent with your IMF commitments.” 
However, as tough as it might have been for Ukraine’s parliament to slash pensions, reduce heating subsidies and force the elderly to work longer, that political sacrifice did not appear to extend to the officials making financial sacrifices themselves.",0
1906,Germany Seeks Tunisian Tied to Berlin Christmas Market Attack - The New York Times,"BERLIN  —   Investigators undertook a   manhunt on Wednesday for a young Tunisian   with multiple aliases who had been denied asylum in Germany and was considered a security risk, linking him to a deadly truck rampage through a Berlin Christmas market. The attack on Monday killed 12 people and wounded 48  —   12 of them seriously. The Islamic State has claimed responsibility for the assault, one of Germany’s deadliest acts of terrorism in decades. The aftermath has been complicated by a botched search for the driver, who has remained at large. The revelations added to the growing pressure confronting Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, who decided last year to open the country’s border to roughly a million migrants and refugees. A European arrest warrant identified the Tunisian as Anis Amri, 23, and said he had a history of providing false names and nationalities and should be considered armed and dangerous. German news agencies reported that the man had ties to Abu Walaa, a    Iraqi Salafist arrested in Germany last month and accused of recruiting   jihadists to fight for the Islamic State. A reward of 100, 000 euros, or about $104, 000, was offered for information leading to his arrest. It was not clear if the Tunisian was the actual driver. But the furious effort by the authorities to find someone who only months earlier faced deportation was outrageous, said Stephan Mayer, the home affairs spokesman for the conservative parliamentary bloc that includes Ms. Merkel’s Christian Democratic Union. The German interior minister, Thomas de Maizière, confirmed that a manhunt was underway but would not get into specifics. “Success counts, and not speed or speculation,” he told reporters in Berlin. Mr. Amri was recorded as having entered Italy in 2012, according to German news accounts. He traveled to Germany in July 2015 and applied for asylum in April this year, receiving papers that allowed him to stay in the country temporarily. He lived for a time in housing designated for asylum seekers in the city of Emmerich am Rhein, in North   Germany’s most populous state, and in Berlin. At a news conference in Düsseldorf, Ralf Jäger, the interior minister of North   said that federal prosecutors had been observing the Tunisian man  —   he did not use Mr. Amri’s name  —   on suspicion that he might have been plotting an attack. When the man moved to Berlin in February, state authorities there picked up the monitoring. The man was to have been deported in June, Mr. Jäger said. But because he did not have a valid passport, and because Tunisia did not initially acknowledge that he was a citizen, it was not possible to send him home. (Only on Wednesday did the Tunisian authorities issue a passport, he said.) Mr. Mayer, the lawmaker, said the Tunisian man had spent a day in custody pending deportation, but because the authorities were unable to establish his identity “beyond doubt,” he was released. “This is a person who apparently was known to be potentially dangerous and who apparently was to be deported,” Mr. Mayer said. In August, Mr. Amri was arrested in the southern city of Friedrichshafen with a fake Italian document and released a short while later, according to a law enforcement official who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss a continuing investigation. An identity document found in a wallet left on the floor of the truck led the German authorities to seek the Tunisian man, said Frank Tempel of the Left Party. The document showed that the suspect had been allowed to remain in Germany but that he had not been granted full asylum. Several of the men involved in the terrorist attacks in Paris in November 2015, in Brussels in March and in Nice in July were of Tunisian origin, but the number of Tunisians in Germany is low. Mr. Amri is believed to come from the impoverished south of Tunisia, on the edge of the Sahara. His father told a Tunisian radio station, Mosaïque FM, that his son left Tunisia about seven years ago and served four years in prison in Italy after he was accused of setting fire to a school. The son was sentenced in absentia in Tunisia to five years in prison for violent robbery, the radio station reported. Tunisians make up one of the largest groups of foreign fighters in Syria and Libya and have held leadership roles in the Islamic State. Tunisian security officials say the militants have been active in recruiting young volunteers in Tunisia and have links to immigrant networks in Europe. A prominent Tunisian commander in the Islamic State, Boubaker   who was wanted in connection with terrorist attacks in Tunisia and was linked to the January 2015 attack on the satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo in Paris, was reported killed last month in a drone strike in Raqqa, Syria. According to the newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung, the Tunisian man being sought in Germany had lived in the city of Dortmund with a man named Boban S. who has been arrested and accused of involvement with the Islamic State. Boban S. in turn, is reported to have connections with Abu Walaa, the Iraqi who is known as “the man with no face,” because he often preached in Arabic and in poor German, with his back to the camera. The authorities arrested Abu Walaa on Nov. 8. Abu Walaa, who has also been identified by officials as Ahmed Abdulaziz A. made his base in Hildesheim, a city of 100, 000 south of Hanover, where he drew an increasingly devoted following and even offered his own app in 2014. He was charged with recruiting terrorists and openly supporting the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL. Officials emphasized that they were not yet certain that the Tunisian man had carried out the attack, and officials cautioned against jumping to conclusions. On Tuesday, the authorities arrested a    Pakistani man who had applied for asylum in Germany, but they released him hours later, citing a lack of evidence. Ms. Merkel and other officials have emphasized that they did not want the attack to jeopardize Germany’s commitment to a free and open society, and Foreign Minister   Steinmeier reaffirmed that idea on Wednesday. “We want to uphold this way of life, and not let it be destroyed by anyone, not even whoever was responsible for what happened here,” he told reporters. Christmas markets in major German cities appeared to heed a call by Mr. de Maizière, the interior minister, to stay open. In Bonn, crowds continued to show up under the watch of the police. In cities like Dresden, the Berlin attack had its ominous presence felt with large obstacles to keep vehicles from getting among the stalls. The same was true in Vienna’s two famous markets, in neighboring Austria. Laws and traditions in Germany strongly emphasize personal privacy, and the identities of the victims of the attack have barely begun to emerge. One of the victims was a    woman from Neuss, a city in North   according to news reports. Fabrizia Di Lorenzo, an Italian transportation specialist who has been living in Germany for three years, has been missing since Monday, and her father, Gaetano Di Lorenzo, said he feared the worst. “We are here with my wife, waiting for the DNA results,” he said in an interview with the Italian daily Corriere della Sera. “We are waiting for confirmation, but I am not deluding myself. ” The daughter’s cellphone and transit pass were found near the scene immediately after the attack, her relatives and friends reported on Tuesday on social media. In Israel, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said that the attack “may have claimed the life of an Israeli citizen. ” He was referring to Dalia Elkayam, who has been missing since Monday and whose husband, Rami Elkayam, was seriously injured in the attack. Another victim of the attack was a Polish truck driver, Lukasz Urban, 37, who had a wife and young child and who was found dead in the cab of the truck. He had been stabbed and shot.",0
1907,Is Donald Trump the New Hitler? (Video),"AMERICA VANQUISHED, Part 1: America as an Israeli Colony About 
This is the website of Lasha Darkmoon, an anglo-American academic with higher degrees in Classics who lives and works in England. You can read more about Darkmoon here . Subscribe to our Newsletter Subscribe to get important new posts and other updates via our occasional newsletter. Meta",0
1908,"772 Daesh terrorists killed, 23 captured since start of Mosul operation: Iraq","Iraq Iraqi forces gather near the village of Sin al-Dhuban, south of Mosul, on October 27, 2016, during an operation to retake the city from Takfiri Daesh militants. (Photos by AFP) 
Iraq’s Joint Operations Command (JOC) has announced that more than 700 Takfiri militants have been killed and nearly two dozen others arrested ever since government forces and allied fighters launched a massive operation to dislodge the terrorists from the northern city of Mosul. 
A total of 772 Daesh terrorists have been killed and 23 others arrested since the offensive to liberate Mosul, located some 400 kilometers north of the capital Baghdad, was kicked off on October 17, the JOC said in a statement released on Thursday. 
The statement added that 127 car bombs, 27 makeshift mortar launchers, seven explosive belts and a large weapons cache were also destroyed during the mentioned period. 
Furthermore, four booby-trapped houses, 397 explosive devices and five motorcycle bombs were blown up, while three tunnels, a command center for terrorists, 40 defensive fighting positions, seven airstrike-resistant bunkers and three Dushka heavy machine guns were destroyed. 
The JOC statement added that 1.5 tons of ammonium nitrate, nine 120mm mortar rounds, 380 mortar shells, 61 Katyusha rockets, 31 missile launchers, three PK machine guns and four anti-tank rocket-propelled grenade launchers were also confiscated. Iraqi pro-government forces hold a position near the village of Sin al-Dhuban, south of Mosul, on October 27, 2016, during an operation to retake the city from Takfiri Daesh terrorists. 
The Iraqi forces also destroyed four cannons, seized a caravan and four heavy machine guns and discovered two bomb-making workshops. 
Also on Thursday morning, Iraqi security forces managed to retake the village of Wadi al-Qasab in al-Shoura district and al-Hamza village in Hammam al-Alil district, both south of Daesh-held Mosul. 
Separately, the Iraqi Defense Ministry announced that 12 Daesh extremists were killed when fighter jets from the so-called US-led military coalition struck Mosul's al-Arabi neighborhood. 
Fifteen Daesh terrorist were also killed and two others injured when US-led military aircraft targeted a gathering of the militants in Suwayrah village of al-Shoura district, the ministry added. 
Mishraq sulphur factory extinguished 
In another development on Thursday, the Iraqi forces put out a fire at the Mishraq sulphur factory, located about 30 kilometers south of Mosul. This file photo taken on October 22, 2016 shows Iraqi forces attempting to extinguish flames after Daesh militants torched the Mishraq sulphur plant, near the Qayyarah base and about 30 kilometers south of Mosul. 
Last week, Daesh militants set the factory on fire in a bid to prevent army and security units from making advances. 
There are reports that about 50,000 Iraqi ground troops are involved in the Mosul offensive, including 30,000 army troops, 10,000 Kurdish Peshmerga fighters and the remaining 10,000 from police and Popular Mobilization Units. 
International aid agencies have warned that the military operation to retake Mosul has displaced about 10,600 people from their homes. 
“Assessments have recorded a significant number of female-headed households, raising concerns around the detention or capture of men and boys,” said Lise Grande, the UN humanitarian coordinator for Iraq, on Tuesday. 
She noted that a huge exodus of people from Mosul could occur within the next few days, warning that Daesh terrorists could resort to “rudimentary chemical weapons” as part of efforts to hold up government forces. Loading ...",0
1909,Maryland Trump Supporter: They Switched My Vote to Hillary,"I will be offline a few minutes, I have to take a Terry. lloyd Lisco 
Of course Electronic voting is corrupt, Why else would the crooked politicians want it? lloyd Lisco 
When Exit poles are opposite machine totals, Does this raise a red flag? Voting machines and Idiot’s keep corrupt politicians in office. Corrine brown’s trial has been delayed to April 2017, She should be in jail before May 2017. ron_baker 
I am not doubting these examples of vote changing, but I am at a loss on how one ‘knows’ their vote was changed. Is there a tally on the machine? My township’s machines have a paper ballot that feeds into a machine that reads the marked boxes. Not sure how I can tell if the machine is operating as it should or not. lloyd Lisco 
Touch screen voting. Terry 
Touch screen voting is heavily protected against these voter cause errors. When you get to the final page you may review your entire ballot, when you see the error it clearly tells you what to do to correct it. 
Generally these issues happen because the voter isn’t focused on what they’re touching on the screen and it’s most often with first time voters or those who have difficulty using an electronic tablet. misterdawg 
This isn’t BS, It happen to me when John McCain was running against Obuma. I voted a straight GOP ticket and when it came up to vote, It was changed to all Democrats, I had it changed and when we got home, I told my wife that I guess I had made a mistake and she told me that our son’s vote had been changed also and he had caught it to, before he had push the vote button. They have stole the last two elections I believe and are trying to steal this one too. The corrupt News Media, is in the tank for the crooked Democrats. Terry 
How could they steal that which by your own admission you corrected? Where is the proof to your conviction of stolen elections or are you just ranting because the internet is free! 
What in the world ever happened to common sense? Did some people stick their tongue into a light socket or something? lloyd Lisco 
When you have 130% voters to number registered, Does that raise any questions in your small mind? Terry 
If they’re not on the registered voter list, depending on the state they are generally given a provisional ballot that only gets counted IF it is found their voter registration was being processed or delayed because of a correctable error or need for verification. It often happens in areas where there is a surge of new voters. 
You can untie the knots in your underwear now. You’ll be more comfortable. 
See, you just learned something! Aren’t you proud? lloyd Lisco",0
1910,"New bionic eye implant connects directly to brain, allowing blind woman to see shapes & colors","We Are Change 

Scientists may have made a significant breakthrough in restoring human sight, as a woman who had been blind for seven years has regained the ability to see shapes and colors with a bionic eye implant. The 30-year-old woman had a wireless visual stimulator chip inserted into her brain by University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) surgeons in the first human test of the product. As a result, she could see colored flashes, lines, and spots when signals were sent to her brain from a computer.
View image on Twitter The woman, who wished to remain anonymous, suffered no significant adverse side effects in the process, according to a statement.
The device, which was developed as part of the Orion 1 program by Second Sight, uses technology to restore sight by bypassing the optic nerve to stimulate the brain’s visual cortex, according to chairman Robert Greenberg.
It is designed for those who cannot benefit from the Argus II retinal system that was unveiled at Manchester Royal Eye Hospital last year, but has limited application, as it depends on the patient having some retinal cells.
This new system goes one step further by sending signals directly to the brain. It has the potential to restore sight to those who have gone completely blind for virtually any reason, including glaucoma, cancer, diabetic retinopathy, or trauma, according to the manufacturer.
The next step is to connect the implant to a camera on a pair of glasses, and the company plans to seek FDA approval in 2017 to get the go ahead to conduct these trials.
UCLA neurosurgeon Nader Pouratian, who implanted the stimulator, said the results of the surgery are promising.
“Based on these results, stimulation of the visual cortex has the potential to restore useful vision to the blind, which is important for independence and improving quality of life,” he said. 
Follow WE ARE CHANGE on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow We are change We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post New bionic eye implant connects directly to brain, allowing blind woman to see shapes & colors appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
1912,Breitbart News Daily: WWI Centennial - Breitbart,"On the Thursday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart London    Raheem Kassam will continue our discussion the first 100 days of the Trump administration. [Doran Cart, the senior curator at the National World War I Museum and Memorial, will discuss the Centennial Commemoration of the United States’ entry into World War I, which occurred 100 years ago on April 6, 1917.  Ned Ryun, the Founder and CEO of American Majority, will discuss the recent reports about White House  . Former U. N. ambassador John Bolton will discuss this week’s state visits to the White House, the Susan Rice surveillance scandal, and the U. N. Security Council’s response to the Syrian chemical weapons attack. Phillip Haney, former Department of Homeland Security official and author of See Something, Say Nothing: A Homeland Security Officer Exposes the Government’s Submission to Jihad, will discuss how to deal with the Muslim Brotherhood. Live from London, Rome, and Jerusalem, Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news. Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   .",0
1913,Donald Trump to Receive Intelligence Briefing on Russia this Week - Breitbart,"  Donald Trump and Vice   Mike Pence plan to be briefed on the alleged Russia hacking situation later this week, according to Trump’s spokesman Sean Spicer. [“Once the final report on the current situation in Russia is made final by the intelligence community, they have asked for a briefing from senior members of the intelligence community,” Spicer explained to reporters on Tuesday morning, adding that they expect the briefing to happen later this week after the current President of the United States is debriefed.  President Obama ordered the investigation. Trump and Pence began Tuesday with a presidential daily briefing and a national security briefing in New York. The search to fill cabinet posts continues on Tuesday, as Trump will meet with Leo MacKay, former United States Deputy of Veterans Affairs under President George W. Bush, as well as Dr. Joseph Guzman, a professor from Michigan State University and a board member of the Armed Forces Foundation.",0
1914,"Why Donald Trump is not as horrible as Hillary Clinton "" and why you should vote for Jill Stein.","OpEdNews Op Eds 10/28/2016 at 12:50:20 Why Donald Trump is not as horrible as Hillary Clinton "" and why you should vote for Jill Stein. Permalink (Page 1 of 2 pages) License DMCA 
I could have named this article ""Damage Control"" -- because it essentially is about that, related to the lobotomizing dilemma of ""lesser evil voting"". 
But let me be clear at the outset. I have already voted for Jill Stein . I had no other choice. I am firm in my conviction that to vote for sociopathic, narcissistic, self-serving, ruthless, guileful corporatists is an unconscionable act and a major crime against my country, irrespective of the convoluted rationalization which might attempt to justify it. 
Now let me offer reasoning that goes beyond my ""morally pure"" posturing. 
The accepted wisdom is that a vote for Jill Stein is a vote for Donald Trump. This analysis purports that anyone voting for Stein would likely be a former Clinton supporter, and such a vote would subtract from Clinton's total. 
Even though Hillary's elitist, warmongering, anti-democratic, demonstrably criminal world view is diametrically the opposite of Jill Stein's, and I can't imagine anyone who's moved by the Green Party's agenda for the briefest moment being fooled by Clinton's phony populism, for argument's sake I'll accept this proposition. 
While I consider both Trump and Clinton to be equally unfit for office, I do not for a moment believe they would be equally ineffective. - Advertisement - 
Hillary has for good reason become the choice of the oligarchs, the MIC, the bankers, the media, the people who actually run the country. She will serve them well. She knows her way around the system -- she's been gaming it most of her adult life -- and has all the right connections. Which is why even many prominent Republicans have joined the feeding frenzy and flocked to her like vultures over fresh kill. 
Hillary will continue her faux-populist bloviating to keep the stinky masses in line, while her closest allies, the rich and powerful, continue to loot the Treasury, hollow out what's left of the U.S. economy, and bankrupt the middle and lower classes. 
Much to the delight of the neocon-infested Department of State, Department of Defense, security agencies, MIC, and media, Hillary will ""get tough"" with Russia and China, press the war on Syria and the rest of the Middle East , promote and spread more chaos, death, and destruction across the globe in pursuit of military conquest, ultimately world empire. It'll be good for business and pumping up the already inflated egos of the exceptionalists. 
On the other hand, Trump will fall flat on his face. His trademark bull-in-a-china-shop approach to making deals has no chance of success in Washington DC. He has no support -- his own party has all but disowned him -- no connections, at least not the political ones necessary for promoting his agenda. Yes, the politicos drank his champagne and ate the food at his extravagant bashes. Who wouldn't? But they don't owe him anything. Nada! Trump's much heralded talents for making great deals will confront hostile Democrats, contemptuous Republicans -- a perhaps long-overdue bipartisanship -- closing ranks to isolate and defeat the outrageous and vulgar outsider who thought he could buy and muscle his way into political power. License DMCA - Advertisement - 
He'll try to build his wall. When Congress gets done with it, it'll be a 200-foot white picket fence in Calexico . He'll attempt rapprochement with Russia. That will be sabotaged with a false flag attack, maybe dressing some disgruntled maquiladora workers as Russian infantry men and mounting an invasion on the U.S. -- probably in Calexico -- or by John McCain threatening to fall on a grenade or blow his brains out in the Senate chambers if America doesn't immediately nuke Moscow . 
Despite his self-proclaimed success in the business world, Trump simply does not know the rules of the game in Washington DC. Unless he ""fires"" everyone -- declaring martial law and sending all members of the legislature to a FEMA labor camp in Montana -- he will either be the most ineffective president in history or be impeached. Maybe both! 
In a phrase, Donald Trump as president will do 'less damage'. 
Anyone who has read my recent writings knows that my greatest concern about a Hillary Clinton presidency is her truculent foreign policy . A decade ago, I might have believed that she was misguided. Now I realize -- as quite a number of others do -- that she is completely insane. She's become drunk on power, poisoned by surrounding herself with neocons and warmongering humanitarians , possessed by visions of herself as the Warrior Queen.",0
1915,MoMA Protests Trump Entry Ban by Rehanging Work by Artists from Muslim Nations - The New York Times,"In one of the strongest protests yet by a major cultural institution against President Trump’s executive order on immigration, the Museum of Modern Art has rehung part of its permanent collection with works by artists from some of the   nations whose citizens are blocked from entering the United States. Seven works by artists such as the Sudanese painter Ibrahim   the   architect Zaha Hadid, and the Los   Iranian video artist Tala Madani, were installed Thursday night in MoMA’s   galleries, replacing seven works by Picasso, Matisse and Picabia, among other Western artists. Alongside each work is a wall text that plainly states the museum’s intentions: “This work is by an artist from a nation whose citizens are being denied entry into the United States, according to a presidential executive order issued on Jan. 27, 2017. This is one of several such artworks from the Museum’s collection installed throughout the   galleries to affirm the ideals of welcome and freedom as vital to this Museum as they are to the United States. ” Except for Hadid and Mr.   the other artists are all Iranian by birth or heritage. They are Ms. Madani the sculptor Parviz Tanavoli the draftsman Charles Hossein Zenderoudi the photographer Shirana Shahbazi and the painter Marcos Grigorian. In addition, a large sculpture of aluminum and steel by Siah Armajani, an American artist born in Iran, was placed in the   lobby courtyard overlooking the garden. The   additions rupture the museum’s traditional narrative of Western modernism before 1945. Only very rarely has MoMA interrupted its succession of art from   to Cubism, Dadaism, and after  —   which still reflects the modernist vision of its first director, Alfred Barr  —   with works of postwar and contemporary art. Further additions are planned for the weeks ahead. The Museum of Modern Art has also scheduled four screenings later this month of films by directors subject to the travel ban. They include “ ” (1974) an experimental feature by the   German director Kais   and “Stars in Broad Daylight” (1988) by Oussama Mohammad, a Syrian filmmaker exiled in Paris.",0
1916,Pakistani Parliament is the first in the world to go fully solar,"Pakistani Parliament is the first in the world to go fully solar Nov 16, 2016 2 0 
Earlier in 2016, the Pakistani Parliament became the first in the world to become completely powered by solar energy . 
The panels installed in the house produce 80 MW of electricity, 62 MW of which are consumed by the National Assembly and 18 MW that are contributed to the national grid. 
The Parliamentary speaker, Ayaz Sadiq, announced the change and thanked the Chinese government for its role in the solar upgrade. The project was launched by Chinese President Xi Jinping and Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, while the Chinese President was in Pakistan in 2015. 
The project cost $55 million and was funded, in large part, by the Chinese government and is projected to save an estimated $ 267,265 per year . 
Sharif has claimed that the country’s energy crisis would end by 2018, as they are modernizing and fully engaging a solar culture.",0
1917,10 More Years: US Republicans Set to Prolong Iran Sanctions Act in November,"Get short URL 0 8 0 0 GOP leaders of the US House of Representatives plan to vote in mid-November on extending the Iran Sanctions Act (ISA) by an additional ten years. 
The current ISA, expiring December 31, 2016, imposes nuclear, missile and terrorism sanctions on Iran. House Foreign Affairs Committee chairman, Congressman Ed Royce, will likely make the ISA the first order of business when the House returns to Washington on November 14, Reuters reported Wednesday. Royce said, ""The Iran Sanctions Act was enacted to curb Tehran's support for terrorism and its very dangerous weapons proliferation. It should remain in place until the regime stops exporting terror and threatening us and our allies with deadly weapons. That's why I'll be introducing a bipartisan, long-term extension of these important sanctions,"" according to Reuters. © AP Photo/ Vahid Salemi Impatient Iran Issues 'Credit Cards' as US Dithers on Lifting Nuclear Sanctions Both Democrats and Republicans in Congress support extending the ISA, but there is no guarantee that the act will be approved in the Senate, where Republicans have 54 seats, as 60 votes are needed to pass the legislation. US President Barack Obama is unlikely to sign the extension, as earlier his administration asked Congress to postpone a renewal of the ISA. The White House asserted that even if Iran violated the nuclear agreement, the US has enough power to impose sanctions after the ISA expires. White House spokesman Josh Earnest did not say whether Obama would sign the act into law, stating, ""I won't prejudge at this point whether or not the President would sign that bill."" 
In July 2015, a nuclear accord was reached by world powers to limit Iran's nuclear program, in return for the lifting of sanctions on the country. Currently, there are several guidelines in the ISA which allow foreign companies to do business with Iran, unless the US financial system is involved. The US Treasury Department specified that transactions are permitted with blacklisted companies and individuals, including terrorists, if they possess only a minority interest in those ventures. ...",0
1918,3.000 Yézidis toujours captifs de Daech,"(mis à jour 18:29 26.10.2016) URL courte 1 406 0 4 Des centaines de Yézidis restent aux mains des djihadistes de Daech, notamment à Mossoul, en attendant leur libération. © Sputnik. Hikmet Durgun Les djihadistes plient près de Mossoul face aux Kurdes yézidis Selon Xeyri Bozan de l'Administration pour les affaires religieuses du Gouvernement régional du Kurdistan irakien, 70 Yézidis enlevés par les terroristes de Daech en 2014 à Sinjar ont été libérés récemment au cours d'une opération spéciale. « Nous avons réussi à mener une opération destinée à libérer 70 Yézidis pris en otage par Daech, des femmes et des enfants pour la plupart. Les terroristes les détenaient à Mossoul, à Raqqa, à Tall Afar et à Hawija. Ceux que nous avons libérés viennent de Sinjar. Nous les avons transférés (…) chez leurs proches », a fait savoir M. Bozan dans une interview accordée à l'agence Sputnik. 
Dans le même temps, plus de 3 000 Yézidis restent aujourd'hui aux mains de Daech, affirme l'interlocuteur de l'agence.",0
1919,Trump Leads Independent Voters In Several Early Voting States,"In Florida, early polling results showed independents favoring Trump. In addition, slightly more Republicans than Democrats have turned in early ballots, so it is likely that he is leading in Florida so far. 
Trump led among independents in Iowa too. 
One state where that has not been the case, however, has been Colorado. However, potentially offsetting that is the fact that, so far, men have turned in almost as many early ballots as women. That has not been the case in other states, and since men tend to support Trump at a higher percentage than women, it’s good news for the Trump camp.   
These numbers indicate how important independent voters are in this election, and they prove Trump has more of an opportunity of winning the election than most liberals would have anyone believe. 
Share this story Facebook and Twitter to spread the word about how Trump is leading among independent voters in some key swing states. What do you think these figures mean for the election? Scroll down to comment below! Advertisement Popular Right Now",0
1920,Capitol Hill: Shots Fired Outside Rayburn Building,"Multiple reports state gunshots were fired outside the Rayburn House Office Building around 9:30 a. m on Wednesday. [Capitol Hill police officers with   carbines and riot shotguns are patrolling the grounds.  Other reports say the incident involved a truck driver ramming a police cruiser and trying to escape on foot. ABC News reported: U. S. Capitol Police responded to the area at Washington Ave and Independence Ave, which is located near the U. S. Botanic Garden and the Rayburn House office building. The suspect apparently struck a Capitol Police cruiser and then tried running over several officers who were on foot, according to Metro DC Police. At some point, Capitol Police fired shots, but no one was hit. The suspect was apprehended at 3rd and Independence Ave, and has been taken into custody. No one was hit by the suspect’s car, police said.   Shots fired on Capital Hill. We are locked inside the #Rayburn House building. pic. twitter.   —   Cherry Street Films (@cherrystfilms) March 29, 2017,  #UPDATE: Suspect in custody after shots fired near US Capitol Capitol Police cruiser struck https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   FOX 5 DC (@fox5dc) March 29, 2017,  BREAKING: DC police say a driver struck a Capitol Police cruiser then tried running over other officers who were on foot. Now in custody.  —   devindwyer (@devindwyer) March 29, 2017,  Sounded like shots fired at the Capitol. Our view from Rayburn. pic. twitter.   —   Drew Griffin (@GriffDrew4) March 29, 2017, ",0
1921,"Trump, 800-Pound Media Gorilla, Pounds His Chest at Reporters - The New York Times","At a news conference in Trump Tower on Tuesday morning, the presumptive Republican nominee Donald J. Trump shared his thoughts about the political press and Harambe, the gorilla that Cincinnati Zoo officials shot and killed after a small child wandered into his enclosure. Mr. Trump had nicer things to say about the gorilla. The news conference  —   which Mr. Trump called to defend himself over questions about   for veterans’ charities  —   was a textbook example of the candidate’s need to devour media attention and deplore it at the same time. The offense reporters committed this time: asking whether the money he said he had raised at a January benefit  —   organized in place of a Fox News debate he was skipping  —   had really made it to the beneficiaries, and if so, how much. A candidate said he would do a thing reporters tried to confirm whether he had. (Last week The Washington Post reported that Mr. Trump had not yet made his own donation.) This, to Mr. Trump, was an outrage, an affront, not very nice treatment at all. He said he had not wanted to claim credit for his deeds  —   which he promoted, allowed to be covered on television and referred to during the campaign  —   but the nosy press had forced his hand. So he showed up at the news conference with a list of donations and recipients, as well as a list of grievances. Tom Llamas, a reporter from ABC News, was a “sleaze,” he said Jim Acosta, of CNN, “a real beauty. ” The event, carried live on the major cable networks, showed how Mr. Trump uses his media omnipresence to control his message. By railing at the questions, he was able to send a headline to voters, repeated on the chyrons  —   that the candidate raised money for vets  —   while mostly pushing past questions of when he did it and whether his earlier claims had been truthful at the time he made them. The reporters pushed back, pressing Mr. Trump not just on the donations but also on his continued attacks against detractors in the Republican Party, on his   on whether he is too   for the presidency. Mr. Trump, of course, believes that his skin, like all other parts of him, is fine as it is. And he essentially promised that, should he be elected, this news conference would be a preview of White House press room sessions to come. Mr. Trump may dish out abuse to the press, but at least he’s a source of constant quotes. His likely fall opponent, Hillary Clinton, is more polite but also more guarded. (Or as a New York magazine profile by Rebecca Traister this week bluntly put it, “Clinton hates the press” —   even if she doesn’t pummel them for the cameras.) This relative silence has helped Mr. Trump dominate airtime and make the news cycle his    mirror. Mrs. Clinton has lately tried to fill the vacuum by doing more interviews Tuesday afternoon, she phoned in,   to Jake Tapper on CNN and Chris Hayes on MSNBC. Both of them led their interviews by asking her what she thought of Mr. Trump’s news conference. Mr. Trump is not the first candidate to bash the news media while craving its attention. He’s just made the contradiction, like everything he builds, bigger and gaudier. He’s collected, by a New York Times estimate, $2 billion in free media. And he attacks, mocks and threatens news outlets when they aren’t “nice,” building bona fides with a voter base that has been encouraged for decades to see Big Media as the enemy. He can   journalists, then turn peevish and furious. The whole impetus for the news conference, remember, was an event he held when he was angry at Fox News. Now he has nothing but nice things to say about Fox News, because he’s sewn up the nomination, and the network has become very, very nice to him. And then there came the question about Harambe, because it is 2016, and this is what we do now: We ask the reality TV star who may become the leader of the free world how tough he would be on large zoo animals. It was poetically fitting. For almost a year, Mr. Trump has been the   gorilla whose unpredictable rampages have obsessed the news media. Now he was completing the circle by commenting on the   gorilla who briefly stole the spotlight from him for one holiday weekend. For the record, Mr. Trump said that he thought zoo officials had little choice but to shoot Harambe. But, he added: “There were moments with the gorilla, the way he held that child, it was almost like a mother with a baby. It looked so beautiful and calm. And then there were moments when it looked pretty dangerous. ” So it is with Mr. Trump and the news media, and their volatile symbiosis. Tuesday morning, he was in raging silverback mode, glowering, posturing and verbally dragging the press around his gilded Manhattan lair. But viewed from another vantage point, it can look as if he were holding them very close.",0
1922,TripAdvisor Will No Longer Sell Tickets To Animal Attractions That Perpetuate Cruelty,"posted by Eddie One of the world’s largest travel sites announced that it will no longer sell tickets to “attractions” that exploit and put wild or endangered animals at risk. This is big news. After six months of meeting with the animal rights organization People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), Association of Zoos and Aquariums (A.Z.A.), Global Wildlife Conservation (G.W.C.) and a few others, one of the world’s largest travel websites announced that it will no longer sell tickets to animal attractions that exploit and may put endangered or wild animals at risk. This means tourists will no longer be afforded the option to ride elephants, pet tigers, or swim with dolphins – at least not through TripAdvisor. The purpose is to take a stand against activities that exploit wild animals and, ultimately, improve the creatures’ well-being. After all, dolphins and elephants held in captivity for entertainment purposes can suffer severe physical and psychological damage, according to various animal rights groups. Says Stephanie Shaw, a corporate liaison for PETA: “TripAdvisor is a leader in the industry and we understand and applaud that this is a precedent-setting move.” The NY Times reports that the site will also launch an education portal to help educate travelers about animal-welfare concerns and why they shouldn’t be disappointed about not being offered a chance to visit with wild animals. As True Activist has mentioned in the past, the processes required to ‘tame’ wild animals are often barbaric and cruel to the beasts involved, which is why they should not be supported by those who are advocates for equality. Read more about how elephants’ spirits are “broken” here . “We believe the end result of our efforts will be enabling travelers to make more thoughtful choices about whether to visit an animal attraction and to write more meaningful reviews about those attractions,” says TripAdvisor’s chief executive and co-founder, Stephen Kaufer. The site will stop selling tickets to some attractions immediately, but the majority of booking policy changes will be implemented in early 2017. The company says that there will also be an appeals process for the hundreds of affected attractions should they be able to prove they are within the new policy. If you’re an avid traveler and are an advocate for the animals, you have one more reason to support TripAdvisor. In the past, the conscious agency has prohibited listing or posting reviews of blood sports such as bullfights and canned hunts. What are your thoughts? Please comment below and share this news! source:",0
1923,Palestinians Dismayed as U.S. Appears to Back Off Two-State Solution - The New York Times,"GAZA CITY  —   Palestinians reacted with anger and bafflement on Wednesday after the Trump administration apparently backed away from insisting that having two states  —   one for Israelis, one for Palestinians  —   was the only viable solution to the   Middle East conflict. Saeb Erekat, chief negotiator for the Palestinians, raised the specter of “apartheid” and called for “concrete measures in order to save the   solution. ” A White House official, in remarks to reporters on the eve of President Trump’s meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel on Wednesday, said the Trump administration would not push the   solution, an apparent retreat from decades of American policy. In his news conference with Mr. Netanyahu in Washington on Wednesday, Mr. Trump directly broke with diplomatic tradition on the issue by saying his concern was the “deal,” not whether that included a state for Palestinians. “I’m looking at two states and one state,” Mr. Trump said. “I like the one that both parties like. I can live with either one. ” Some Palestinians and Middle East experts reacted with alarm, saying that such a policy change would undercut the chances, already slim, of progress toward reconciliation between the two sides. “This is going to give Israel a free hand to do what it wants,” said Mosheer A. Amer, an associate professor at the Islamic University here in Gaza City. “At least Obama had some control over Netanyahu. ” Israel captured and occupied the West Bank and East Jerusalem 50 years ago, in 1967, and the status of the former Jordanian territories has been a source of conflict ever since. (So has the Gaza Strip, which had formerly been administered by Egypt.) Many Palestinian leaders, especially those in the West Bank, hold strongly that a   solution is the only acceptable resolution of the conflict. There is also considerable diplomatic weight behind the goal of having two viable states living in peace side by side. In December, with the Obama administration’s tacit support, the United Nations condemned Israeli settlements on occupied land as obstacles to the   solution. But lately the chances of achieving it have been dimming. Many Israelis and Palestinians have begun to doubt whether it is possible or even desirable. Many Israelis argue that the Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza are too divided among themselves to ever be able to permanently accept two states. Some in the Israeli right advocate annexing all or part of the West Bank, and some rightists warned Mr. Netanyahu not to raise the possibility of two states in his meeting with Mr. Trump. At the same time, many Palestinians say the line has already been crossed  —   that Israeli settlements have already eliminated the possibility of creating a contiguous Palestinian state. Instead, they advocate a single state encompassing both Israel and the occupied territories  —   a secular state where Palestinians and Israelis would live together with equal rights. At a news conference on Wednesday in the West Bank, Mr. Erekat said the only alternative to what he called Mr. Netanyahu’s “apartheid” vision was “one single secular and democratic state with equal rights for everyone, Christians, Muslims and Jews, on all of historic Palestine. ” That is opposed by many Israelis, who want Israel to remain a Jewish state. Some Israelis say that the deep divisions between the Palestinian factions that control the West Bank and Gaza are another reason that it will be impossible to reach an agreement on two states. The Fatah faction in the West Bank has tried to cooperate with the Israeli authorities on some levels, while Hamas, the group that has controlled Gaza since 2007, is more actively hostile to Israel. Hazim Kassim, a spokesman for Hamas, said on Wednesday, “What Trump said is new, but whatever he says, we in Hamas still believe that resistance is the only way to liberate our lands from the Israeli occupation. “It is now clear that the U. S. has provided a cover for aggression, occupation and the confiscation of Palestinian land,” he continued. “The U. S. is never serious when it comes to Palestinians’ human rights. ”",0
1924,Comment on U.S. war with Iran has already begun by جنگ ارزی آمریکا علیه ایران / مورد مطالعاتی سال 1390 - کدآمایی,"Posted on January 23, 2012 by Dr. Eowyn | 10 Comments While we were transfixed and distracted by the Newt vs. Mitt drama in South Carolina, Obama has quietly begun war with Iran — without informing the American people (or Congress?). 
This is the startling assertion made by James Rickards in an interview on January 13 with King World News. 
Rickards is a Senior Managing Director of Tangent Capital in New York, whose advisory clients include government directorates around the world. He is the author of Currency Wars: The Making of the Next Global Crisis (Penguin/Portfolio, 2011). Rickards is also the man who had negotiated the release of American hostages from Iran in 1981, and continues to be involved in US national security issues and the Department of Defense. 
This is what Rickards told King World News about the situation in Iran: “The fact that we, meaning the United States, are on a path to a war with Iran is very clear at this point. It does seem the countdown has begun and it’s coming to a head sooner rather than later. Things are moving very quickly. General Martin Dempsey, who is the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff has arrived in Israel and Israel is integrating itself with the U.S. European Command or EUCOM. So, at this point, the integration of the Israeli and the US operational capability, including NATO based in Europe, is very far along. There are an enormous number of US troops in Israel. I don’t know if people realize that, but they are operating the THAAD system (Terminal High Altitude Area Defense). They oversee weapons that will shoot down incoming Iranian missiles. There are joint exercises going on between the US and Israel. At the same time Iran is conducting war games. There are a lot of moving pieces on the chessboard at this point. This is not just war gaming or thinking about what might happen, the pieces have actually begun to move on the chessboard. For Israel this is really existential. The US would really like to see a world where Iran did not have nuclear weapons, but for Israel it is not a preference. If Iran gets nuclear weapons, Iran has said they will burn Israel to the ground. So, this is not just a strategic rebalancing, this is life or death for the Israelis….. All of the information I have is that the US is going to do it (attack Iran). So the tension between Israel and the United States is being resolved in favor of letting the US actually launch the attack. Part of the reason for this is the retaliation vector. If the US attacks and Israel keeps out, then Iran has no justification for attacking Israel. They (Iran) will attack US targets in the Middle-East, but we’re ready for that, we’re prepared for that. We will suppress the missiles and their air force is a joke, we’ll take that out in the first day. But they do have a serious missile capability. We’ll need anti-missile warfare and we will need to strike those bases. We will need to do a lot of other damage to Iran, cyber warfare, take down the power grid, take down the command and control structure. Do whatever we can to stop them from attacking our assets in the Middle-East. This war will be fought with air power, sea power, cyberwarfare, financial warfare, sabotage, special operation, assassination, things like that. This is already going on. As an example, yesterday a prominent Iranian nuclear scientist had an unlucky encounter with a magnet bomb. So this war is already being fought. The other day the United States sanctioned the Central Bank of Iran. By the way, we’ve been sanctioning them for years, but we’ve been dialing it up little by little. It’s like the frog that’s boiled in a pot of water and doesn’t know until it’s too late that the water is getting hot. President Obama sanctioned the central bank about a week ago. The Iranian currency, the rial, dropped 30% in a single day. Hyperinflation has broken out in Iran. This is financial warfare. My point to the listeners is this is not theoretical, this is not a war game, not an exercise, it’s happening now and the clock is ticking.” USS Abraham Lincoln 
Rickards’ startling claim is verified by the UK’s Telegraph this morning . 
In defiance of Iran’s threat to close the critical Strait of Hormuz, the United States, Britain, and France have deployed six warships to the Strait, led by the USS Abraham Lincoln. The 100,000 ton nuclear-powered aircraft carrier entered the Persian Gulf yesterday. 
That we are at war with Iran is also confirmed by a defense expert in the Australian government, a member of a military-strategic e-mail list I’m on. This is what he wrote about Rickards’ claim: “Got back from leave today and had our first major brief. The interesting thing to come out of it was that everyone in the 4 Eyes community regard ourselves at being in warlike mode, even though there is no ‘declared’ war. We are at war. It’s just that the general public can’t see it. We are certainly of the view that we have been at a cyber war for the last 12 years.” 
God help us.",0
1925,Vermont fights the opioid epidemic by limiting prescribed painkillers,"Vermont fights the opioid epidemic by limiting prescribed painkillers 
Thursday, October 27, 2016 by: Daniel Barker Tags: prescriptions , opioids , Vermont (NaturalNews) Vermont Gov. Peter Shumlin is planning to combat his state's opioid problem by limiting the number of painkillers that can be prescribed.The governor's proposal is part of his strategy to address what has become a severe crisis in Vermont over the past few years.In a statement, Shumlin said:""Vermont, and the rest of America, will not get a handle on the opiate and heroin addiction crisis until we confront head-on the source of the problem: FDA-approved opiates that are handed out like candy.""Vermont doctors and providers have been on the leading edge of curbing the irrational exuberance with which opiates are handed out. These proposed limits will solidify that progress and help Vermont continue to lead the nation when it comes to combating this crisis."" OxyContin 'lit the match that ignited America's opiate and heroin addiction crisis' Shumlin has been outspoken regarding the opioid epidemic , and believes that the easy availability of drugs like OxyContin and other powerful opioid painkillers is the driving factor behind the problem.In this year's State of the State address, Shumlin castigated the FDA and Big Pharma over OxyContin, a drug which he said, ""lit the match that ignited America's opiate and heroin addiction crisis.""""Just a few months ago, the FDA approved OxyContin for kids,"" he said. ""You can't make this stuff up. The $11 billion a year opiate industry in America knows no shame.""The new guidelines are intended to limit the number of pills that can be prescribed ; after a minor procedure, only nine to 12 pills would be included in the first prescription.Without such restrictions, the amount of pills prescribed can vary widely, according to state health commissioner, Harry Chen. This can lead to addiction or the potential for overdose. Chen said that in 2015, enough opioids were prescribed in Vermont to give every man, woman and child a bottle of 100 oxycodone tablets.The proposal would also require doctors to discuss the risks of opioid use with patients, and gain informed consent before prescribing painkillers. Doctors will be expected to discuss alternatives with their patients, ""requiring them to consider other treatments before opioids are prescribed, rather than as a last resort,"" said Chen. How Big Pharma created 2.1 million opioid addicts Waiting for the federal government to effectively tackle the opioid epidemic is a waste of time. For decades, the FDA and DEA looked the other way while Big Pharma quietly began turning a significant portion of the American public into drug addicts.Aggressive marketing by pharmaceutical companies led to the widespread use of opioids to manage long-term chronic pain – as opposed to using opioids only for acute pain or palliative purposes.Purdue – the maker of OxyContin – lied to the public, saying that the time-release properties of its drug made it less addictive than other opioids. In 2007, Purdue pleaded guilty to having misled regulators, physicians and patients, and ended up paying $634 million in fines, but the epidemic continues.Opioid prescriptions in the U.S. more than doubled between 2000 and 2014, and there are an estimated 2.1 million American opioid abusers. More than 40 Americans die each day from prescription opioids, and all the federal government does is drag its feet and make promises.In fact, the FDA seems to be trying to make opioids even more available – to children, no less!In 2015, the FDA approved the ""limited"" use of OxyContin for children between the ages of 11 and 16.None of this may seem too surprising when one takes into account the fact that Big Pharma spent nearly $900 million in lobbying and campaign contributions between 2006 and 2015.Until we can stop the flow of money from opioid sales into the pockets of drug-makers and politicians, we should expect the epidemic to continue unabated. Sources:",0
1926,“Hang That B*tch!” “F*ck Those Dirty Beaners!” Uncensored Videos Of Trump Rallies Are Startling [Watch],"The political climate of the current U.S. election has changed dramatically in the past year, and the biggest evidence of this is the horrifying language that many Trump supporters use to express... ",0
1927,Border controls sharpened and barbed wire put on Hadrian's wall to stop Scot invasion!,"Friday, 11 November 2016 Beward England, drunken maniacs like this have breached the border! 
English custom's authorities, police and military are on red alert after a border invasion of ginger-headed (Not Harry he's got other problems), kilt wearing, whisky smelling, bagpipe playing Scots entered the country today in seek of revenge! 
OK, Brexit was hard enough to take, but the thought of losing to the ""Old Enemy"" at a game of footy in Wembley, tipped the scales and caused a full scale invasion! 
In the night thousands of wild, pissed-up Scottish troops were thwarted by English border control officers as they scaled Hadrian's barb-wired wall (in a kilt? OUCH!). Others, attempted to illegally enter the country through needle-hole border controls. The queues got larger and larger as one Scottish rebel known better as Robby-Rave-heart, stormed a barrier formed by English troops single-handed hurling bottles of his favourite brew, whisky of course, donated by Jim Beam (?) deemed tasteless and worthless compared to real Scotch, but booze is booze even if it comes from the US the Scots say! 
Tension and nationalistic emotions boiled over through the night as stubborn English troops refused to surrender, but still a few drunken maniacs got through. Scottish National Party / SNP leader, Nicola Sturgeon, then entered the fray, raised her kilt revealing her pussy dyed in family tartan, and this was enough to shock the English troops into surrender as a Scottish tsunami forcibly entered England and is now heading for the Sassenach capital in full force! 
English PM, Theresa May, has declared England a disaster zone (has been since 1966) and warned all real-English people (are there any left?) not to confront red-headed maniacs heading south, flashing their ginger cojones; they could be life threatening! Make Jaggedone's day - give this story five thumbs-up (there's no need to register , the thumbs are just down there!)",0
1928,George and Amal Clooney Welcome Twins: a Boy and a Girl,"NEW YORK (AP)  —   George and Amal Clooney are now parents of twins and, rest assured, George is doing fine. [The Clooneys welcomed a girl and a boy  —   Ella and Alexander  —   on Tuesday morning, the couple announced in a joint statement. Both mother and children, born at a hospital in London, are “happy, healthy and doing fine. ”  “George is sedated and should recover in a few days,” added the family’s statement, released through Clooney’s publicist. No other details were immediately available. The Clooneys had been living in London while awaiting the arrival of their babies. They own a historic mansion just west of London in Berkshire. Clooney, 56, and international human rights lawyer Amal Alamuddin, 39, married in Italy in 2014. These are the first children for both. In an interview in February with the French program “Rencontres de Cinema,” Clooney said fatherhood was “going to be an adventure. ”",0
1929,When Trouble Is on the Way,"Backdoor Survival November 1, 2016 
Back in the early days, before writing about any one aspect of prepping, I had to do a lot of research. Online resources were meager so there was a lot of trial and error involved as I formulated my own preparedness strategy. Sadly, as I look back, there was considerable error. Who knew? The good news is that the school of hard prepping knocks has taught me a thing or two. This is especially true when it comes to last minute preps. 
Now that I am lot smarter, I thought it might be fun to put on my thinking cap and come up with a list of ten last minute preps that could be put into place if I had a modicum of warning that a storm or other disruptive event was brewing. There are two parts to this list, things to do and things to buy. 
Things To Do 
1. Top Off Vehicles with Fuel 
I never let our two cars go under half a tank but even so, 100% full is always a better option than 50%. Hopefully I will get wind of the pending event soon enough to beat the crowds. 
2. Do the Laundry 
It is not that I hate doing laundry but rather I get lazy about it. It is not unusual to have to do six loads at a time, simply due to procrastination. Given a brewing storm, you can bet the laundry will get done and while I am at it, the bedding will also get changed. 
3. Inventory Prescription Drugs 
With my Ammo Can First Aid Kit already stocked and set aside, I will want to do a quick check on prescription meds and if necessary, get them refilled. 
4. Charge All Electronic Devices 
Compared to six years ago, my home is overrun by electronic devices. Three Kindles, three iPads of varying ages, and four laptop computers, and two iPhones make up a motely crew of electronic devices that hold a wealth of both reference material and amusements. All can be charged using portable solar devices (which are pretty darn cheap these days), but if I am stuck indoors for any length of tine, solar is not going to help. 
5. Set Out Spare Lanterns, Flashlights, and Batteries 
Why wait until the power is out before digging out your emergency light sources? As I say this, I am confident in the knowledge that I already have a flashlight in every room of the house as well as a portable lantern. Still, this would be a good time to check to ensure their batteries are fully charged. 
6. Gather Fresh Biomass 
Rather than use up my back stock of charcoal and wood, I would prefer to burn the odd branches, twigs, leaves I find on the ground. They work perfectly in both my Solo Stove and EcoZoom rocket stoves . Plus, biomass is free for the taking.",0
1930,Is High-Deductible Health Insurance Worth the Risk? - The New York Times,"As companies push workers to pay more for their medical care, millions of employees are facing a tough decision, choosing between high premiums and high deductibles. The choice is this: Pay more every month for peace of mind later, or pay less and run the risk of having higher    costs down the line. And increasingly, people are doing the math and deciding that the risk is worth it  —   leaving them responsible for thousands of dollars in medical bills and forcing them to make hard decisions about whether some care is worth it. In the last five years, the share of employees enrolled in   plans has more than doubled, to 29 percent, according to a new employer survey from Mercer, a benefits consultant. Since the bulk of Americans receive their coverage through an employer, that means about 50 million people are enrolled in   plans. There is no doubt that these plans can be a source of real financial hardship and poor medical decisions. They can lead to several thousands of dollars of    costs, and the higher burden on working families has been a theme sounded by both Democrats and Republicans in this election season. Yet even people with a steady flow of medical bills have decided that the potential savings are worth the risk. On average, families saved almost $150 a month in premiums, or $1, 800 a year, if they chose the   option, coupled with a health savings account offered by many large employers, according to Mercer. “Most employees are choosing to move into them of their own free will,” said Beth Umland, the research director for health and benefits at Mercer. Beth Walker, who signed up for a family plan with a $6, 000 yearly deductible with her husband, Ordell, a football coach, says she is “actually shocked at how much I love our   plan. ” The Walkers were offered a choice of plans by Bluefield College, a small Christian college in Virginia, where her husband works. The couple was attracted by the new plan’s lower premiums, about $350 a month. That is less than half of the premium for a traditional plan, known as a P. P. O. or preferred provider option. The couple decided that they could sock away the $4, 200 or so that they would save to spend if    costs arrived. And even with two boys, regular visits to specialists and prescriptions, the idea has worked. “For this year, it’s worked out very well,” Ms. Walker said. But she knows if one of her boys were to break an arm and end up in the emergency room, “We’re going to pay for it. ” The Walkers invest the money   in a health savings account that allows them to accumulate funds year after year. Still, the move to   plans has left many employees facing sticker shock. With a large deductible, they may pay full price for a costly test or medication, uncovering the real cost of health care. Parents, for example, were in an uproar over the $600 price tag for the EpiPen, the injector used to deliver lifesaving epinephrine to reverse severe allergic reactions, because they were having to pay for it with their own money. “If everybody was still in P. P. O. s, and low deductibles, nobody would have ever heard of it,” said Brian Marcotte, the chief executive of the National Business Group on Health, which represents large employers. Companies are often happy to let employees take the risk. They are viewed as a way of warding off the   Cadillac tax, a controversial new charge under the Affordable Care Act that would make employers pay an excise tax on the most expensive health plans. The tax, which has been delayed until 2020, is calculated on the cost of a plan’s annual premiums and is aimed at discouraging overly generous coverage that may lead to people getting too many tests and procedures. In addition, the lower monthly cost offered by   plans is one of the most direct ways to mitigate the bite taken out of workers’ paychecks for insurance  —   a pressing issue  —   as premiums continue to outpace wages. “The absolute dollar amounts coming out of their paychecks is very noticeable right now,” said Edward Kaplan, a senior vice president at the Segal Group, a benefits consultant. He said companies were looking at a wide array of   techniques to bring down the share of premiums their employees pay. The encouragement of these plans varies, however. Large employers are offering   insurance in increasing numbers, according to Mercer, but the overall share of employers offering them has remained relatively steady in recent years. As long as people are healthy, though, the high deductibles won’t hurt. That is why they are particularly popular among younger people, who are less likely to incur high medical bills and like the lower monthly premiums. Benefitfocus, a benefits technology firm, estimates that about 44 percent of millennials working for large employers, who have a choice, are enrolling in these plans, compared with 36 percent of baby boomers. The risk is that people with   plans avoid care because they do not have the    money to cover it. A recent analysis showed that   workers were more likely than higher earners to avoid certain kinds of care when they were enrolled in   plans coupled with savings accounts. The analysis from the Employee Benefit Research Institute, a nonprofit organization, found that   people even skipped free preventive services like flu shots and cut back on doctors’ visits. And there is widespread evidence that people have trouble understanding the subtleties of any plan. Many people liken the process of open enrollment and picking a plan to the pleasures of a root canal, said Shan Fowler, an executive at Benefitfocus. “The understanding of a P. P. O. versus high deductible is not good at all. ” As a result, some policy experts worry that these plans benefit some people more than others. People with chronic health conditions who may be older or simply do not have the resources to pay for their care may end up paying too much for a plan with a lower deductible, even when the   plan makes more sense. “They’re much more likely to choose the most expensive plans with seemingly higher coverage,” said Saurabh Bhargava, an economist at Carnegie Mellon University, whose research has demonstrated that individuals may not make the right choices. He worries that the   plans, which allow some employees to accumulate large sums   can also widen the gap between the   and everyone else. “It can lead to pretty large transfers to the sophisticated from the less sophisticated,” he said.",0
1931,Breaking: Ivanka Trump Makes Tragic Announcement Both Donald Trump and Supporters Are Shocked (Video) | Prophecy,"(Before It's News)
Ivanka Trump is going to have to back off from her father’s campaign, because the hateful and sexist rhetoric of Donald Trump is severely hurting Ivanka’s clothing and lifestyle brand.
Women are turning on Ivanka Trump as she continues supporting her father despite allegations of sexual harassment against him and a 2005 audio tape capturing him bragging in lewd terms that he can do whatever he wants to women.
Now, the growing group of women are boycotting her line of clothing, jewelry, perfume and accessories sold as part of the Ivanka Trump Collection. They are also calling on the stores that carry the brand, including Nordstrom, Bloomingdale’s and Macy’s, to stop selling it.
It has even created its own hashtag, #Ivankant, as well as #GrabYourWallet.
From The Daily Mail :
‘If Ivanka Trump had distanced herself from the campaign I would not be boycotting her,’ Shannon Coulter, who called on Americans to boycott the brand earlier this month, told the Guardian.
‘But something changed for me when that tape was released.’
Coulter, who shared her own experience of sexual harassment at the hands of a male superior, launched the hashtag ‘GrabYourWallet’ on October 11, a reference to Trump’s offensive ‘grab them by the p***y’ remark from the audio tape.
The problem obviously for Ivanka, is that Donald Trump’s base, for the most part, doesn’t shop at Bloomingdale’s or Nordstrom, which are two of the largest stores that carry her clothing line, along with Macy’s.
What are your thoughts, should Ivanka’s business be hurt because of the actions of her father?
From Politico:
The New York Times cited a deposition from a woman who claimed that Donald Trump groped her under the table decades ago, but the presumptive Republican presidential nominee is certainly not a groper, his daughter said Wednesday.
“Look, I’m not in every interaction my father has, but he’s not a groper,” Ivanka Trump said in an interview broadcast Wednesday on “CBS This Morning.” “It’s not who he is. And I’ve known my father obviously my whole life and he has total respect for women.”
The billionaire businessman launched a Twitter salvo the “failing” newspaper for its “false, malicious & libelous story,” catapulting the story to become the newspaper’s most popular of the year, according to assistant news editor Theodore Kim.
—
Ivanka Trump said she read the Sunday cover story and “found it to be pretty disturbing, based on the facts as I know them, and obviously I very much know them” as a daughter and an executive who’s worked alongside him for more than a decade.
“I was bothered by it, but it’s largely been discredited since,” she said, referring to Brewer Lane’s criticism of the report. Brewer Lane, the ex-girlfriend whose first run-in with Donald Trump was used as the lead anecdote for the article, titled “Crossing the Line: How Donald Trump Behaved With Women in Private,” accused the newspaper of putting a negative connotation on her words.
“Most of the time when stories are inaccurate they’re not discredited, and I will be frustrated by that, but in this case I think they went so far,” Ivanka Trump continued. “They had such a strong thesis and created facts to reinforce it and, you know, I think that narrative has been playing out now and there’s backlash in that regard.”
Source RealTimePolitics.com Check out more contributions by Jeffery Pritchett ranging from UFO to Bigfoot to Paranormal to Prophecy",0
1932,California's Death Penalty: Mike Ramos v. Kevin Cooper and Proposition 62,"Mike Ramos and Kevin Cooper: Who tells the truth?(image by public domain) License DMCA San Bernardino County District Attorney Mike Ramos obtained the controversial capital conviction of Kevin Cooper, whose ""clemency"" petition to Governor Jerry Brown gravely puts at issue the integrity of Ramos' office. Already campaigning to be the state's Attorney General in 2018, Ramos speaks out for Proposition 66, which promises to accelerate the death penalty. Ramos attacks opponents of the death penalty as deceptive. However, recognizing that the main problem is the California Supreme Court's automatic appeal bottleneck, Ramos at best carelessly misrepresents that Proposition 66 redirects first appeals to the courts of appeal. 
This article presents excerpts concerning Kevin Cooper's case from the first part of an in-progress two-part paper, California's Death Penalty: People v. Masters v. The California Supreme Court's Carefulness Con . Earlier excerpts are presented in my OEN article, California's Death Penalty: The California Supreme Court's Carefulness Con . A further article will provide an in-depth presentation of People v. Masters , 62 Cal.4 th 1019 (2016). 
If California's death penalty is not repealed in November by Proposition 62, next up on California's ready-to-kill list (now comprising about 12 inmates) is Kevin Cooper . In 2009, by a vote of 16-11, an en banc Ninth Circuit panel let stand Cooper's death sentence. However, in a voluminous opinion , [1] beginning with the statement that ""[t]he State of California may be about to execute an innocent man,"" five of the dissenters passionately protested that the district court had not complied with the circuit's prior injunction to have a conclusive blood test performed. 
To prove family-murdered-by-hatchet charges, the state introduced a T-shirt stained with Cooper's blood (plus other suspect evidence, such as mysteriously materialized cigarette butts). Cooper protested that the blood stain must have been added by the prosecution, using a sample kept in a test tube. When checked, the test tube was full, but had apparently been tampered with. Cooper claimed that the tube must have been topped up with someone else's blood. Sure enough, the blood of two people was found in the tube. In due course, the Ninth Circuit enjoined the federal district court to have the T-shirt stain tested for preservative, so as to conclusively determine whether it had come from the sample. The laboratory duly reported that the stain contained preservative. However, the district court then allowed the laboratory to reattribute its finding to likely laboratory contamination, without requiring a retest . [2] - Advertisement - 
Besides such apparent fabrications, there were plain suppressions. Investigators paid no heed to witnesses who had seen three white people, at least one blood-stained, fleeing the scene in the primary victim's car. One of them had lost a T-shirt and a hatchet--his blood-stained pants were incinerated by the police. See From FBI Boss to Death Penalty Foe, Tom Parker's Quest to Free a Convicted Murderer , Santa Barbara Independent, Jul. 6, 2016: [H]aving put the Mafia behind bars, investigated dozens of homicides and sent two murderers to their deaths . . . during 45 years in law enforcement, Parker said he's seen too many corrupt homicide investigations to believe in the death penalty anymore. The worst of them, he said, is the Chino Hills murder case of 1983. . . ""Kevin was a car thief and a burglar, but he doesn't deserve to be where he is,"" Parker said. ""I'm convinced he was framed."" . . . The courts have called the evidence against Cooper ""overwhelming"" -- spots of Cooper's blood in the Ryens' hallway and on a tan T-shirt by the road; bloody prints of prison-issue Keds inside and outside the Ryens' house; Cooper's cigarette butts in the Ryens' station wagon; and a hatchet sheath and prison uniform button at Cooper's hideout next door. But Cooper claims this was false evidence, planted and manipulated by the San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department to convict him. He alleges that sheriff's deputies destroyed evidence and ignored leads pointing to three white men as the murderers -- including the initial statements of the Ryens' eight-year-old son, Josh, the sole survivor. 
Victim relatives and friends, police, and prosecutors naturally insist that there is not even any lingering doubt as to guilt, [3] and they protest inordinate appellate delay. But to objective observers, Cooper's case raises deep concerns as to prosecutorial prejudice and California Supreme Court carelessness. The case is politically and racially highly charged, not only owing to the heinous nature of the purportedly black-on-white mass-murder, but also owing to the blind eye that police and prosecutor turned to the plain evidence of white culprits. 
The incriminating evidence in Cooper is almost wholly physical, depending entirely on local police testimony for its foundation. Cooper would seem a sympathetic defendant, being a mere car-thief minimum security prison walk-out, lonely and homeward bound for the holidays. Cooper raises grave questions as to the police fabricating DNA and other physical evidence, while destroying, ignoring, or corrupting unfavorable DNA, other physical evidence, and witnesses. Cooper has raised the very highest level of international concern (continuing the above quote): - Advertisement - Last fall, the influential Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, an autonomous organ of the Organization of American States, recommended that Cooper be granted a reprieve, pending a new investigation. Citing in part Parker's allegations of ""endemic tunnel vision,"" the commission concluded that the U.S. had violated Cooper's rights to a fair trial, due process and equality before the law. The U.S. is a signatory to the American Declaration, a treaty that guarantees those rights. 
Cooper's last hope lies in an unorthodox ""clemency"" petition to Governor Brown, seeking not a pardon but an independent non-judicial investigation of the evidence, and a stay of execution pending its outcome. Commuting Cooper's sentence to life without parole does not seem a viable alternative, given that he has been tried twice, and Cal. Constitution, Art. 5, sec. 8 provides that ""[t]he Governor may not grant a pardon or commutation to a person twice convicted of a felony except on recommendation of the Supreme Court, 4 judges concurring."" Moreover, Cooper's incarceration for life would almost as loudly cry out for a conclusive finding as to whether the T-shirt blood stain was fabricated; and because Cooper's actual innocence is the underlying issue, a repeal of the state death penalty in November's election would not moot his petition, which the ABA extraordinarily supports: In a letter sent to Gov. Brown on March 14, the American Bar Association alleged Cooper's ""arrest, prosecution and conviction are marred by evidence of racial bias, police misconduct, evidence tampering, suppression of exculpatory information, lack of quality defense counsel and a hamstrung court system."" [4] 
It seems a toss-up whether Brown will grant the petition, given that he previously gave absurd reasons for vetoing a simple bipartisan measure to mitigate a surfeit of prosecutorial misconduct. [5] To grant it would surely require that the T-shirt blood stain be retested for preservatives, and this would seem to risk scientifically confirming premeditated, deadly, and racial misconduct, implicating police and perhaps the crime laboratory and prosecutor's office.",0
1933,Watch: Mets Prospect Snags Flying Bat with One Hand - Breitbart,"Major League Baseball’s spring training is underway again, and New York Mets shortstop prospect Luis Guillorme is already making an impression on the big league club.  Thursday, Miami Marlins shortstop Adeiny Hechavarria swung and lost the bat. The bat flew towards the Mets dugout, and the players scrambled to get out of the way. Guillorme, however, did not leave his spot and instead caught the bat as it flew by his head. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
1934,Conviction Thrown Out for Ex-Rutgers Student in Tyler Clementi Case - The New York Times,"An appeals court in New Jersey on Friday threw out the conviction of the former roommate of Tyler Clementi, the Rutgers University freshman who killed himself six years ago after he was spied on while having sex with another man. The Appellate Division of the Superior Court of New Jersey in Newark overturned a lower court’s conviction of the   Dharun Ravi, on several counts of bias intimidation because of a change in state law. The court called for a new trial of Mr. Ravi on 10 other counts that included invasion of privacy and tampering with evidence. Mr. Ravi was convicted in 2012 in a case that drew international attention to the bullying of gay teenagers after Mr. Clementi jumped to his death from the George Washington Bridge. Mr. Clementi’s life and death were taken up by advocates for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights, and the case delved into the risks that are sometimes associated with coming out as Mr. Clementi had struggled with questions about his sexuality. Mr. Clementi’s suicide at age 18 came just days after he learned that Mr. Ravi had used a webcam to spy on him and had used social media to invite others to watch a sexual encounter in the dormitory room Mr. Clementi shared with Mr. Ravi. Mr. Ravi was not charged in his roommate’s death, and Mr. Clementi did not leave behind an explanation of what drove him to kill himself. Some of the charges on which Mr. Ravi was convicted fell under a state statute on bias intimidation that was unlike any other in the United States. The statute said defendants could be convicted if their victims “reasonably believed” that they were harassed or intimidated because of a characteristic such as race or sexual orientation. But last year, the New Jersey Supreme Court ruled that the   law was unconstitutional. The court threw out those charges and concluded that the evidence that prosecutors presented to prove them had “tainted the jury’s verdict on the remaining charges” and deprived Mr. Ravi of a fair trial. Lawrence S. Lustberg, a lawyer who argued that the   law was unconstitutional, said that the appeals court had little choice but to decide that the convictions reached using that statute were wrong. Having done that, it was “pretty straightforward” to conclude “that the whole trial was deeply infected by that error,” Mr. Lustberg said. The Middlesex County prosecutor’s office will now have to decide whether to appeal or to try Mr. Ravi again on the other 10 charges. After apologizing for his actions, Mr. Ravi served 20 days in jail on some of the charges and was ordered to pay $10, 000 to a program to help victims of hate crimes. But Mr. Clementi’s parents, Joe and Jane, rejected the “  apology” as a “  piece. ” They also criticized the judge, Glenn Bermen of State Superior Court, for not sentencing Mr. Ravi to jail for bias crimes, saying he missed a chance to highlight their seriousness. A spokesman for the Middlesex prosecutor’s office did not respond to requests for comment. Mr. Ravi’s lawyer, Steven D. Altman, also did not reply to requests for comment on Friday. Joe and Jane Clementi responded to the ruling with a statement released through the Tyler Clementi Foundation, which they founded to help end bullying. “In light of today’s decision, we will do what we encourage all people to do before they push that send button, and that is to pause and consider the implications of their message,” the statement said. “Does it encourage and build someone up or does it destroy and harm another person? Our world moves very fast which pushes us to be impulsively spontaneous and sometimes harsh. ” Reached by phone on Friday evening, Ms. Clementi said the prosecutors told her that they would notify her family next week about how they would proceed. She said she did not have an opinion on whether the litigation should continue. “Social media is a great tool, but it can be used for good and it can be used for harm and destruction,” Ms. Clementi said. “This just fosters my desire to keep moving and make sure that other people hear this and know this. ” The appeals court judges did not minimize their disapproval of what Mr. Ravi had done. “The social environment that transformed a private act of sexual intimacy into a grotesque voyeuristic spectacle must be unequivocally condemned in the strongest possible way,” the opinion said. “The fact that this occurred in a university dormitory, housing   college students, only exacerbates our collective sense of disbelief and disorientation,” it continued. “All of the young men and women who had any association with this tragedy must pause to reflect and assess whether this experience has cast an indelible moral shadow on their character. ”",0
1935,Iowa Adopts Voter-ID Law - Breitbart,"Iowa on Friday became the latest state to enact a   law to protect the integrity of its election process, and the state’s elected leaders are already bracing for a legal challenge seeking to invalidate that law before it can go into effect next year. [Gov. Terry Branstad, a Republican who is the   governor in the nation, signed the legislation into law on May 5. The bill, House File 516, specifies   requirements to cast a ballot in elections, shortens the time period for early voting, and updates the state’s   procedures.  Acceptable forms of identification include passports, driver’s licenses,   IDs, and military IDs. The state will also issue free voter identification cards to provide a form of ID for voters who do not have any of the other documents, ensuring that no one may be excluded because they do not fit into any other category. Voters without proper identification may still cast a provisional ballot on Election Day, which must be later authenticated before the ballot can be tabulated and added to the vote total. The law also reduces the window for early voting in the Hawkeye State from 40 days to 29 days. Many conservatives object to long   periods, positing that it facilitates voters casting ballots while campaigns are still underway, before the candidates have been fully vetted by the public. “Protecting the integrity of our election law system is very important,” Branstad declared as he signed the bill into law. “We’re very proud that Iowa has a tradition and history of doing so, and this is going to strengthen our ability and make it more effective and efficient. ” In order to help voters learn about how to comply with this law, poll workers in upcoming local elections will ask voters for proper ID, but still allow voters who do not present proper ID to cast a ballot. The June 2018 primary elections will be the first election in which the new requirements will be mandatory. Additional provisions of the new law go into effect in 2019. The Supreme Court upheld an Indiana   law in its 2008 case Crawford v. Marion County. The ACLU is threatening to sue to block Iowa’s law, saying it discriminates against racial minorities and other groups. Legal opponents have succeeded in blocking   laws in whole or in part in Texas, North Carolina, and other states. These lawsuits argue that   laws violate multiple provisions in the U. S. Constitution, as well as federal   laws. More than 30 states currently have some form of   law, and legal experts believe the Supreme Court is likely to take another case soon to clarify which   requirements pass legal muster. Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski.",0
1936,The Dangers Of Romantic Love,"Since we were children, we have been bombarded with propaganda that romantic love is the ultimate relationship ideal. Hollywood movies, Disney cartoons, and literary fiction all portray romantic love as an absolute necessity in any wedding union, but how much of that narrative has been a lie? Is it possible that our pursuit of romantic love is actually preventing us from forming a lifelong pair bond?
I began to question the notion of romantic love when thinking about its emotional root. Love is a fleeting emotion, and like all emotions, it comes and goes like the clouds in the sky. Why have I been taught to select my life partner based on an emotion? I’m surely not encouraged to use emotion when buying a house, applying for a job, or doing my personal finances, but when it comes to choosing a human being that I’m supposed to spend the rest of my life with, I’m advised by the establishment narrative to use emotion for the biggest decision of them all.
Another major clue that romantic love is a childish strategy for choosing mates is the fact that countries with arranged marriages, where partners are picked based on purely practical matters, have lower divorce rates that in countries where romantic love is used to select mates ( 1 , 2 , 3 ). While there are multiple reasons for divorce in any society, it is rather coincidental that the countries most impacted by notions of romantic love happen to have the highest divorce rates .
Romance was invented 
It turns out that your desire to use love as a precondition for marriage or pair bonding is an invented construct that had roots in destroying tradition and theistic authority. Romanticism, a movement that began in the 18th century, put romantic love at the forefront, not just for individuals but nations as well, all from a central thesis of individualism. It wanted you to take the focus away from boring old rules and traditions to focusing on how you feel .
The movement came primarily from bourgeois youth, who used family money to fiddle away on idealistic writings.
…the Romantic Movement was nothing more than a protest against bourgeois conventions, bourgeois society and morality. To be extreme and flamboyant and unusual and violent even at the risk of becoming grotesque was the desire of every young Romantic. The Romantics were, in fact, bourgeois origins, who were trying hard to escape from their own shadows. ( Source )
[…] Romantics believed that men and women ought to be guided by warm emotions rather than the cold abstract rules and rituals established by Bourgeois society. ( Source 
They sound a lot like modern day social justice warriors , many of whom are trust fund babies that lash out against “privilege” and “inequality” to relieve the psychological pain of being wealthy without having had to earn it. Combined with the fact that SJWs also trump feelings over logic, it’s clear to see how romanticists were proto-SJWs, whose individualistic ideas are just what the enlightenment needed to complete its destruction of tradition.
Romantics re-defined what relationships should be based on 
Prior to the romantic era, companionate love was the relationship form often described in literature and other historical writings.
Passionate love is the arousal-driven emotion which often gives people extreme feelings of happiness, and can also give people feelings of anguish. Companionate love is the form which creates a steadfast bond between two people, and gives people feelings of peace. Scientists have described the stage of passionate love as “being on cocaine,” since during that stage the brain releases the same neurotransmitter, dopamine, as when cocaine is being used. ( Source )
Besides Song Of Songs in the Old Testament , writers were not encouraged to muse endlessly about passionate love, and there is zero evidence it was used as the principal factor in forming new marriages, but it’s this passionate love that we’re told to strive for, of feeling like you’ve been swept up in an exciting whirlwind, before publishing the gory details on Buzzfeed or in a bestseller like Eat Pray Love, authored by a woman who is embarking on her second divorce .
Women of the romantic era played a big part in elevating romantic love, and why wouldn’t they? It’s much more fun to get swept up in the excitement created by non-committal alpha male than it does to do arduous daily duties before you husband, king, and God. Women were given the chance to pick between excitement or responsibility, and we know what they have chosen.
The works of the Romantic Era also differed from preceding works in that they spoke to a wider audience, partly reflecting the greater distribution of books as costs came down during the period. The Romantic period saw an increase in female authors and also female readers. ( Source )
The modern era has doubled down on the notion of romantic love Jewish psychologist Robert Sternberg proposed the popular triangular theory of love , which is often used today as defining the love ideal. This theory has caused immense harm for stating that all three forms of love are needed in equal measure for a successful relationship.

Anyone who takes an introductory psychology course, or who reads a pop psychology book, will be exposed to this theory, and walk away thinking that passion is absolutely required in a relationship. If it’s not there, the presumption is that the relationship is no longer “consummate” and far short of ideal.
Believing that romantic love and passion are necessary in a marriage makes it that much easier to exit out of it, because when a woman no longer “feels passion,” she will walk away knowing that experts like Sternberg would agree that the relationship degraded and was no longer worth saving. And this is exactly what modern women are doing in droves. They have shown an appalling disregard for their wedding vows, especially upon realizing that they initiate 80% of divorces .
Romanticism and the rise of nationalism 
If nationalism came out of the romantic era, and passionate love was a mistake, does that mean nationalism is also a mistake?
One of Romanticism’s key ideas and most enduring legacies is the assertion of nationalism, which became a central theme of Romantic art and political philosophy. From the earliest parts of the movement, with their focus on development of national languages and folklore, and the importance of local customs and traditions, to the movements that would redraw the map of Europe and lead to calls for self-determination of nationalities, nationalism was one of the key vehicles of Romanticism, its role, expression and meaning.
[…] Patriotism, nationalism, revolution and armed struggle for independence also became popular themes in the arts of this period. ( Source )
Upon closer inspection, it’s easy to see that the ruling agenda of today, globalism , is essentially “world nationalism.” Instead of loving your neighbor, and only those who share your unique traditions or race, you’re supposed to love everyone in the world , because it’s evil to think that there are large differences between a German businessman in a Hugo Boss suit and a Tutsi villager with a lip plate the size of a grapefruit.
The romantic ideal of nationalism is not Adolph Hitler, but George Soros , who insists on loving everyone in the world from the depths of your heartfelt human compassion. A nationalism based on genetics and local bonds will no doubt serve citizens better than a “global nationalism” where you’re supposed to care for those who are nothing like you.
How should men choose their life partners? 
It’s clear that using romantic love and passion as your primary standard for long-term relationships will lead to failure and maybe even personal catastrophe. You’ll easily come to this conclusion by evaluating your past relationships and the mistakes you’ve made on women who you had intense passion for.
Instead, practicality must be the order of the day. You must logically evaluate any woman you intend to be with for more than a casual relationship by weighing her values, beliefs, and sexual history. This is easier said than done because we’ve been so brainwashed to believe passion is important, but it simply makes the most amount of sense. Find a woman the same way you would find a new job or buy a new house, and be wary of women who picked you based more on passion than practical matters.
It may sound cold to search for your wife like you would a business partner, but that is exactly what she is. The day-to-day life of a family home is far more business and economics than love, and so you should come to the easy conclusion that that’s what you must use to form a stable home.
Understand, however, that we do not live in a traditional and patriarchal society that aids us in our search for a virtuous woman. Instead, society is encouraging women to corrupt themselves, sexually and physically, in the name of empowerment and independence, making our search exceedingly difficult. This is one of the costs we have to pay for living in the modern world. Some men will be able to overcome it, but many men won’t, and will fail in their search for a woman they can create a family with.
But at least we are now armed with the knowledge of what it takes to have a more successful long-term relationship. It’s not romantic love or butterflies in the stomach, but a matter of practicality. Logically evaluate her past, her values, and her beliefs to make sound predictions of how she’ll behave in the future. From this evaluation will come a logical decision that is likely to endure, instead of relying on emotion, which changes as readily as the direction of the wind.
Read More: Unconditional Love From A Woman Is Impossible 
",0
1937,BREAKING: Anthony Weiner Enters Rehab for “Sex Addiction”,"0 comments 
Anthony Weiner has checked himself into a clinic which provides counseling for those addicted to cybersex, exhibitionism, anonymous sex and porn. 
The treatment program separates men and women during their stay and electronic devices are banned at the facility. 
Weiner’s world came crashing down in September, when the Daily Mail revealed he was sexting with a 15-year-old school girl, saying such lurid things as, “I would bust that tight p***y so hard and so often that you would leak and limp for a week.” 
In another message, the estranged husband of Hillary Clinton’s top aide Huma Abedin told the teen that he woke up “hard” after thinking about her. 
Weiner knew the girl was only 15 at the time. 
An investigation involving Child Protective Services was launched and the police seized Weiner’s laptop (which led to the Clinton bombshell). 
It was also discovered that Clinton’s team knew Weiner had carried out another inappropriate relationship with a separate underage girl as far back as 2011, but did nothing about it.",0
1938,ISIS Executes 22 Civilians by Electrocution in Central Mosul,"2 Shares
1 0 0 1
Iraqi media outlets reported on Thursday, that the ISIS group executed 22 civilians by electrocution in central Mosul.
“ISIS militants electrocuted 22 civilians in al-Magmoa al-Thaqafiya area in central Mosul, for collaborating with security forces and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters,” Al Sumaria News stated.
Al Sumaria News added, “The ISIS militants were keeping these civilians inside a prison in Mosul for nearly four months.”
Yesterday, Parliamentary Human Rights Committee revealed, that the ISIS executed 190 civilians in Hamam al-Alil area and 42 in al-Arij village, south of the city of Mosul, while called Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and the International coalition to continue liberating the ISIS-held areas in the city.
On Tuesday, the UN human rights office said it had preliminary reports about scores of mass killings by ISIS around Mosul in the past week.
UN human rights spokesman Rupert Colville told a regular UN briefing in Geneva that the bodies of 70 civilians with bullet wounds had been discovered by Iraqi security forces in Tuloul Naser village on October 20, and 50 police officers being held outside the city had also reportedly been killed, Press TV reported.
Recommended For You ISIS Executes 190 Iraqi Civilians in Hammam al-Alil, 42 in Arij Village: Official
""ISIS terrorists continued to commit atrocities in the province of Nineveh, they executed 190 people in the area of Hammam al-Alil after t...
By AHT Staff Muslim Iraqi Soldiers Erect Cross on Top of the Church in Newly Liberated Karamless Village Near Mosul Iraqi army troops on Saturday stormed into a Christian region that has been under ISIS control since 2014 as part of operations to clear t...
By AHT Staff Nouri al-Maliki, the former Prime Minister of Iraq, and the head of the al-Qanoon parliamentary coalition, stated in his speech during the...
By AHT Staff U.S. Commander John Nicholson: ISIS Attempting to Establish Khorasan Caliphate in Afghanistan",0
1939,St. Louis ranks low on list of best cities for veterans,"‹ › Arnaldo Rodgers is a trained and educated Psychologist. He has worked as a community organizer and activist. St. Louis ranks low on list of best cities for veterans By Arnaldo Rodgers on November 9, 2016 veterans Find Your Job Now at HireVeterans.com 

With Veterans Day coming on Friday, marketing meisters at WalletHub have released a list ranking the best U.S. cities for military veterans. 
Out of the 100 biggest cities in the nation, St. Louis checks in at No. 79. 
The listers noted that four main categories with a total of 21 key indicators, such as percentage of military skill-related jobs and availability of VA health facilities, were used to compile the list. 
The only category in which our fair burg finished in the upper half, at No. 46, was “quality of life.” We were in the lower half for the other three main categories: job rank (69th), health (70th) and economy (80). 
On the west side of the state, Kansas City was ranked at No. 30, fourth among cities in the Midwest. (Omaha, Tulsa and Oklahoma City fared better.) 
Read the Full Article at www.stltoday.com >>>> Related Posts:",0
1940,"’Drown in Your Own Blood, Jewish Scum’: Vile Death Threat After Gym Owner Slams IS Militants","Vile death threats were made against a Jewish gym owner in Melbourne, Australia after he slammed terrorist attacks performed by Islamic militants against Christians. [Avi Yemini, a former sharpshooter for the Israeli Defence Forces, posted a video to Facebook on Saturday where he took on the terrorist groups wreaking havoc on Christians in Egypt and the Philippines. He added that Ramadan is fast becoming “the month of Jihad” according to the MailOnline.  In response, he was sent a Facebook message by a man from the Sydney suburb of Parramatta who said he was ready to meet Yemeni and fight him over his beliefs. See the exchange below: “Do you think your [sic] a mad c***. Talking about Islam like that,” the message began. “I’ve forwarded it all through to the police,” he said, adding “I just hope [the people threatening me] don’t shoot me in the meantime. ”  ",0
1941,The Slow-Game App Is the New Smoke Break - The New York Times,"All around the world, millions of smartphone users are preparing for war. Pokémon Go has sent players scurrying outside their homes to hunt cartoon critters, chuck virtual balls at them, and then groom their captured characters into a digital army. Advance far enough in the game, and players are invited to join a Pokémon team and stage   at designated gyms  —   basically, virtual forts  —   where   competitors descend to hold their phones with a   grip, stare unblinkingly at the screen and tap furiously on one another’s Pokémon in a bid to seize control of the territory. Or not. Users can also just lazily check for Pokémon as they proceed throughout their days, stopping occasionally to scan the app for nearby characters and snapping screen shots on their commute or evening stroll. Marinate on this lower level of game play, and Pokémon Go feels less like a competition and more like a charming little interlude. In this way, Pokémon Go has become the rare app to unite the two extremes of the mobile gaming universe. One, the compulsive,   land of Candy Crush and Clash of Clans. The other, its antidote  —   the serene,   world of   slow games. Slow games are less ubiquitous and straightforwardly tantalizing than traditional mobile games. They often seem to lack any point at all. Instead, they invite players to engage in simpler virtual pleasures  —   taking a stroll, watering plants, feeding stray cats. In the game Mountain, the user plays God, designs a world, then watches powerlessly as “time moves forward,” “things grow and things die” and “nature expresses itself. ” Download Viridi to start a succulent garden in your pocket. Then just check in every few days to collect new seedlings, water thirsty plants and watch them grow. And with the Japanese mobile sensation Neko Atsume: Kitty Collector, you can fill a little yard with toys and kibbles that attract stray cats. It’s like installing a window into a cat cafe on your phone. In these games, the stakes are lowered to nearly imperceptible levels, eliminating the weight of responsibility involved in actual caretaking. Barmark, a mobile app that invites users to play groundskeeper to their own virtual ecosystem, promises “no goals, no points, and no death. ” And it’s no coincidence that many slow games are set in a virtual backyard. If Pokémon Go has brought the thrill of video games into the great outdoors, slow games bring the feel of nature into offices, grocery aisles and subway cars. My succulents and strays grow and play for me in exchange for just a few screen taps a day. While the shiniest, most successful phone apps are designed to push our competitive buttons and light up our pleasure centers with quick rewards, slow games seek access to a different part of our brains. They soothe rather than excite. The author and game designer Ian Bogost has referred to this genre as video game Zen, the mobile equivalent of running a tiny rake across a desktop Japanese garden. David OReilly, the filmmaker and digital artist who designed Mountain, calls these games “relax ’em ups,” a clever play on their departure from the ubiquity of   shooters. ThatGameCompany, the studio behind slow games like Cloud and Journey, strives to create “positive change to the human psyche. ” On a very basic level, I find that the simplistic tapping and swiping actions that propel the games forward do provide an odd, unexpected comfort. In Mushroom Garden, a middling game in which you grow fungi on a log, players swipe across the screen to pop the mushrooms out, a sensation that approximates the pleasure of pulling a Bioré pore strip off your nose. Other games manage to transmit a feeling of even more passive  . Neko Atsume is my coping mechanism of choice. Six months after downloading the app, the simple act of checking in on my cats a few times a day has relaxed into a mindless habit embedded amid all my others  —   check email, check Twitter, feed cats. I’ve already collected each of Neko Atsume’s 56 cats  —   the ostensible point of the game  —   but I keep playing. It’s evolved from game into ritual, or even atmosphere. It’s the new smoke break. While desktop and console slow games have been around for years (the dreamy, moody indie puzzle game Cloud had its debut in 2005) there’s something particularly entrancing about a slow game on a mobile device. In the early days of the iPhone app store, Koi Pond became a surprise mobile blockbuster upon its release in 2008. The app offers a placid setting with just a touch of interactivity: It invites you to stare down into a clear pool of water, tap the surface and watch as a school of koi scatter from sight and then slowly return to repopulate the screen. The next year, the company behind Koi Pond released Distant Shore, a game in which you stroll along an endless beach, collecting seashells, writing messages to put in bottles, then chucking the bottles into the surf. As you walk, you find bottles written by other players from around the world and read their messages, too  —   it’s a random, rarefied form of communication you can’t often find on social media. Now, the app store is sprinkled with dozens of tranquil smartphone portals that are antidotes to the maddening intensity of traditional video games and the quickening pace of online life. But in another way, slow games are less a rejection of   internet culture than they are a capitulation to it. By freeing up gamers from the burdens of extreme concentration and physical control, slow games allow us to fit a mobile game into every spare moment, to seamlessly multitask among Facebook monitoring and texting and the game play. And while Pokémon Go may beckon casual players with the opportunity to collect cute characters around town, the game can also seduce many of them into more advanced, obsessive, competitive play. These slow games, as the Davidson College professor and video game researcher Mark Sample told me, “fit into the interstices of our lives. ” The rise of slow games on mobile has allowed us to “play games about waiting while we’re waiting,” he said, adding, “It’s kind of perverse: Slow games aestheticize the experience of waiting. ” Slow games offer a release, but their escape is on a screen, too. Run out of lives in Candy Crush and you can check on your aloe plant, tend your garden and feed the cats.",0
1943,Arrivals and Departures – Wednesday (Runway 36) – EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2016,Support Us Arrivals and Departures – Wednesday (Runway 36) – EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2016,0
1944,France Plans to Implement Universal Biometric IDs,"by Yves Smith 
By Don Quijones, publisher of Raging Bull-shit and editor at Wolf Street. Cross posted fom Wolf Street 
On October 30, the French government announced, as quietly as possible, the creation of a massive new database that will collect and store personal information and biometric data on nearly everyone living in the country. As tends to happen whenever a government seeks to enact this type of “reforms,” the law wasn’t passed by parliament but by decree on the eve of a national holiday. 
As France 24 reports , the new decree will affect 60 million people and “marks the first time the country has collected population data on such a scale since the start of the Nazi Occupation in 1940.” 
“Unacceptable Excesses” 
The move has sparked outrage from civil rights groups as well as French media, with weekly magazine L’Observateur describing it as “ terrifying ,” and daily newspaper Libération dubbing it a “ mega database that will do no good ”. The National Digital Council (CNNum) “laments” the government’s lack of prior consultation and highlights the “many concerns” the new decree raises. “In a digital world where code is law, the existence of such a database leaves the door wide open to likely and unacceptable excesses,” it said. 
The new database, known rather optimistically as Secure Electronic Documents ( Titres électroniques sécurisés or TES) will store an individual’s name, date and place of birth, gender, eye color, height, address, photograph, digitized fingerprints, facial features, e-mail address, and the names, nationalities, dates and places of birth of parents. The aim — according to the government — is to make it easier to obtain and renew identity documents, and to aid in the fight against identity fraud. 
Unlike a similar law proposed by Nicholas Sarkozy’s conservative government in 2012, which was shot down, the new database will only be used to authenticate individuals, not to identify them. In other words, it will be used to confirm that someone is who he or she claims to be, not to discover, say, the identity of someone whose biometrics have been found at the scene of a crime. 
However, the potential for mission creep cannot be discounted. As an article in NextInpact points out , once the database exists, it is highly likely that there will be calls for it to be used for identification purposes, simply “because it is there.” There’s also good reason to suspect that a future government “will modify the aims,” as warns Gaëtan Gorce, a French senator and member of the National Commission for Information Technology and Civil Liberties (Cnil) who likened the TES to a “sort of monster.” 
According to today’s government, the biometric data stored on the database could be used to identify criminal suspects only if “violations of the fundamental interests of the Nation and acts of terrorism” are involved. But who gets to decide what constitutes a “fundamental interest of the Nation” or, for that matter, “an act of terrorism”? [That was a rhetorical question, of course]. 
A Hacker’s Paradise 
Another major problem with centralizing biometric data to this extent is that you make it a lot easier for it to be compromised. What’s to stop an insider from copying this data onto a drive and walking out with it, as Snowden and others have, including those who took Swiss banking data to the French and German authorities for money laundering investigations? This data would then most likely be sold online, on the so-called darknet. 
“No computer system is impenetrable. All databases can be hacked. It’s always just a matter of time,” thundered French left-wing politician Jean-Jacques Urvoas in a 2012 blog post against Sarkozy’s proposed biometrics super database. Urvoas is now justice minister in Hollande’s government and hence is directly involved in drawing up the new decree, which bears a striking resemblance to Sarkozy’s earlier initiative. 
If biometric data is compromised, it is a far more serious issue than a compromised password or an account. You can create a new password many times. But you can create your biometrics only once. If they’re compromised, they remain compromised forever. 
There’s still a possibility that France’s constitutional council will throw the new law out, as it did with Sarkozy’s. If it doesn’t, TES risks establishing a very dangerous precedent . 
Until now the most extensive biometric data retention schemes have been rolled out (perfected?) in war zones like Iraq and Afghanistan . Israel is also on the verge of creating its own centralized biometric database. But if TES were allowed to stand, France would become the first G7 nation to attempt to build a completely centralized, all-inclusive biometric database. And that would send a very clear signal — i.e. green for go — to other ostensibly democratic nations. 
There’s also the fact that after Germany, France is the country with the most influence over the future direction of EU policy. The EU already has a biometrics super database called the Visa Information System (VIS), which is the largest shared database on maintaining public security, supporting police and judicial cooperation, and managing external border control in Europe. 
If the elected representatives of the 66 million people of France can pass into law a completely centralized system of biometric data storage with absolutely no public consultation whatsoever, what’s to stop the European Commission’s ranks of faceless, unelected, power-hungry appointees from doing the same? Nothing. 
Besides aspiring to becoming a pioneer in the collection and use of personal data of all its citizens, France’s government is also one of the most ruthless combatants in the global war on cash, which is progressing on schedule. The Alliance is in place. Read… Who’s Powering the War on Cash? 0 0 0 0 0 0",0
1945,How to Register to Vote (if You Still Can) - The New York Times,"Election Day is Nov. 8, but most states require voters to register well before then. Deadlines in the remaining states are rapidly approaching. We’re sorry. It is already too late to register for the presidential election in Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Arizona, California, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Mississippi, Montana, Nevada, New Mexico, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia or West Virginia. Here’s a rundown of the remaining deadlines. The “mail” dates refer to the day by which an application must be postmarked. States that offer registration on Election Day often have special requirements. On a desktop computer, you may search for your state’s name with keyboard shortcuts: Ctrl F on a PC or Command F on a Mac. Tap on a state’s name for more detailed information. Wyoming: The deadline to register by mail was Oct. 25, but residents can register in person until Nov. 8. Nebraska: The deadline to register online or by mail was Oct. 21. Residents can register in person until Oct. 28. New Hampshire: The deadline to register by mail is Oct. 29. Residents cannot register online but can in person until Nov. 8. Iowa: The deadline to register online and in person is Oct. 29. Residents can register by mail until Oct. 24. Colorado: The deadline to register online and by mail is Oct. 31. Residents can register in person until Nov. 8. Washington State: The deadline to register online and by mail has passed. But residents can still register in person until Oct. 31. Connecticut: The deadline to register online, by mail and in person is Nov. 1. If you’re registering for the first time or have moved to a new town, registering in person on Election Day is possible. Utah: The deadline to register online or in person is Nov. 1. The deadline to register by mail has passed. Vermont: The deadline to register online, by mail and in person is Nov. 2. Illinois: The deadlines are slightly more complicated than in many other states. Although the deadline was technically Oct. 11, voters in Illinois were allowed to register in person during a “grace period” mandated by the state. Here’s more information about grace period registration. The deadline to register online or by mail has passed, but the deadline to register in person is Nov. 8. Wisconsin: The deadline to register online and by mail was Oct. 19, but residents can register in person until Nov. 8. Maine: The deadline to register by mail was Oct. 18, but residents can register in person until Nov. 8. District of Columbia: The deadline to register online and by mail was Oct. 11, but residents can register in person until Nov. 8. North Dakota: North Dakota is the only state in the country where you do not need to register in order to vote.",0
1946,Comment on Canadian Man Slams Americans Who Don’t Realize How Awesome Obama Is by kryptodyne,"Subscribe 
A dumbfounded Canadian — Richard Brunt of Victoria, British Columbia — wrote an open letter to Americans who don’t seem to realize how very good we actually have it. This image doesn’t need a lot of commentary, so I’ll let you just read it and allow it to sink in. 
This has gone completely viral over the last few days and it needs to. 
Transcribed: Many of us Canadians are confused by the U.S. midterm elections. Consider, right now in America, corporate profits are at record highs, the country’s adding 200,000 jobs per month, unemployment is below 6%, U.S. gross national product growth is the best of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) countries. The dollar is at its strongest levels in years, the stock market is near record highs, gasoline prices are falling, there’s no inflation, interest rates are the lowest in 30 years, U.S. oil imports are declining, U.S. oil production is rapidly increasing, the deficit is rapidly declining, and the wealthy are still making astonishing amounts of money. America is leading the world once again and respected internationally ? in sharp contrast to the Bush years. Obama brought soldiers home from Iraq and killed Osama bin Laden. So, Americans vote for the party that got you into the mess that Obama just dug you out of? This defies reason. When you are done with Obama, could you send him our way? Richard Brunt Victoria, British Columbia About Tiffany Willis 
Tiffany Willis is a fifth-generation Texan, a proponent of voluntary simplicity, a single mom, and the founder and editor-in-chief of Liberal America. An unapologetic member of the Christian Left, she has spent most of her career actively working with “the least of these"" -- disadvantaged and oppressed populations, the elderly, people living in poverty, at-risk youth, and unemployed people. She is a Certified Workforce Expert with the National Workforce Institute , a NAWDP Certified Workforce Development Professional, and a certified instructor for Franklin Covey's 7 Habits of Highly Effective Teens . Follow her on Twitter , Facebook , or LinkedIn . She also has a grossly neglected personal blog , a Time Travel blog , a site dedicated to encouraging people to read classic literature 15 minutes a day , and a literary quotes blog that is a labor of love . Find her somewhere and join the discussion. Click here to buy Tiff a mojito. Connect",0
1947,"House Republicans, Under Fire, Back Down on Gutting Ethics Office - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   It was supposed to be a triumphant morning for Republicans on Capitol Hill  —   a moment to demonstrate the merits of unified party rule in the age of Donald J. Trump. By noon, party leaders had a message for their charges: It was not going smoothly. The day after House Republicans voted to eliminate an independent ethics body, members returned to work on Tuesday to find their offices inundated with angry missives from constituents amid a national uproar. By midmorning, Mr. Trump had weighed in, questioning the members’ priorities on Twitter. Shortly after, lawmakers were summoned to the basement of the Capitol for a hastily convened meeting with Republican leaders. Representative Kevin McCarthy of California, the majority leader  —   who, along with Speaker Paul D. Ryan, had opposed the proposal  —   lobbed a pointed question at his fellow Republicans, according to two people present: Had they campaigned on repealing the Affordable Care Act, or tinkering with an ethics office? Minutes later, members emerged to say the changes had been scrapped. The reversal came less than 24 hours after House Republicans, meeting in a secret session, voted to curtail the powers of the Office of Congressional Ethics, an independent body created in 2008 after a series of scandals involving House lawmakers, including three who were sent to jail. It was part of a turbulent opening for the Trump era in Washington, marked by a Republican push in the Senate to repeal the Affordable Care Act. House Republicans, led by Representative Robert W. Goodlatte of Virginia, had sought on Monday to prevent the office from pursuing investigations that might result in criminal charges. Instead, they wanted to allow lawmakers on the more powerful House Ethics Committee to shut down inquiries. They even sought to block the small staff at the Office of Congressional Ethics, which would have been renamed and put under the oversight of House lawmakers, from speaking to the news media. “It has damaged or destroyed a lot of political careers in this place, and it’s cost members of Congress millions of dollars to defend themselves against anonymous allegations,” Representative Steve King, Republican of Iowa, said Tuesday, still defending the move. But such resolve crumbled Tuesday morning, as thousands of phone calls flooded lawmakers’ offices and both conservative and liberal ethics groups issued statements condemning the vote. Some Republicans joined in, saying the measure sent the wrong message to the public. (Internet searches for the words “Who is my representative” surged after news of the plan broke Monday night and peaked Tuesday morning, according to Google.) “It was a stumble,” said Representative Mark Sanford, Republican of South Carolina, who opposed the measure and who was himself the subject of an ethics investigation while he was governor of South Carolina. “Probably not the way you want to start out. ” Mr. Trump had weighed in via a series of Twitter posts, suggesting that the House should be focused on domestic policy priorities such as health care and a tax overhaul. He called the Office of Congressional Ethics “unfair” but said focusing on it now was a case of misplaced priorities. He appended the hashtag “DTS,” an apparent allusion to his promise to “drain the swamp” in Washington. Mr. Ryan and Mr. McCarthy had made clear on Monday that they, too, were opposed to the change. But amid boxes of pizza at a House office building, with the Rose Bowl playing on a nearby television, several members voiced support for the maneuver, including Representative Steve Pearce of New Mexico, whose office employed an aide who was ensnared in an ethics inquiry but later cleared. At first, on Tuesday morning, Mr. Ryan and Mr. McCarthy played down the changes. Mr. McCarthy suggested that he and Mr. Ryan did not have the power to simply order other Republicans to take their advice. “Welcome back,” he joked, referring to the start of the new session of Congress on Tuesday. Even at home, he said, “I usually don’t win what we watch on TV. ” About an hour later, before new members of Congress were to be sworn in  —   the point when the House adopts new rules that will govern how it conducts itself during the   session  —   Mr. McCarthy told his fellow Republicans that they needed to reverse themselves quickly, or potentially face an even more embarrassing revolt on the House floor. By his estimation, he told them, the provision was going to be removed one way or another. This was not the first time that House lawmakers  —   Democrats or Republicans  —   had tried to curtail the powers or budget of the Office of Congressional Ethics, which some lawmakers see as being too aggressive in its investigations, even though it is routinely cheered by nonprofit ethics groups on both the left and the right. Perhaps most prominently, in 2011, Representative Melvin Watt, a North Carolina Democrat who later left Congress to join the Obama administration, tried to cut the agency’s budget by 40 percent, a proposal that failed on a   vote. The House Ethics Committee, the only body that has the power to actually punish lawmakers, also frequently clashed with the office, which serves more as a grand jury that investigates allegations and issues findings to the Ethics Committee of probable cause of misdeeds. For example, the committee tried in 2015 to force the Office of Congressional Ethics to shut down its investigation into allegations that nine House lawmakers’ trips to Azerbaijan in 2013 had been improperly paid for, in part, by a foreign government entity. Some of the lawmakers also accepted improper gifts during the trips, including rugs and crystal. The Office of Congressional Ethics refused to shut down its inquiry, and it published its findings on its own after the Ethics Committee voted to clear the lawmakers of wrongdoing (although the committee urged them to return the gifts). House rules require the Ethics Committee to act on recommendations by the Office of Congressional Ethics within 90 days, with the expectation that it will either formally clear the targeted lawmakers or create investigative committees to determine if rules or laws have been violated. But in recent years, the committee has increasingly relied on a loophole that allows it to informally continue to review allegations without closing a case, a step it has taken in 21 of the 68 cases referred since 2009. Most frequently, that means an end to the matter, at least as far as the public is aware, even though the Ethics Committee never formally announces that it has closed the investigation. As of this week, cases in such a limbo include allegations against Representatives Mark Meadows, Republican of North Carolina Roger Williams, Republican of Texas Markwayne Mullin, Republican of Oklahoma Cathy McMorris Rodgers, Republican of Washington Bobby L. Rush, Democrat of Illinois and Luis V. Gutiérrez, Democrat of Illinois. After their reversal on Tuesday, House Republicans agreed to ask the Ethics Committee to examine the Office of Congressional Ethics and recommend possible changes by this summer to address the concerns that some members have raised. Mr. Goodlatte, who is chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, defended his proposal and called the reporting about it inaccurate. “Gross misrepresentation by opponents of my amendment, and the media willing to go along with this agenda, resulted in a flurry of misconceptions and unfounded claims about the true purpose of this amendment,” he said in a statement. But Mr. Goodlatte’s critics said he had simply been caught trying to sneak through a favor to help protect his fellow lawmakers. “We’re glad that the House Republicans listened to the public outrage about this proposal and came to their senses to reverse it, and not end real ethics enforcement in Congress,” Noah Bookbinder, executive director of the liberal watchdog group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, said.",0
1948,Protests Erupt in South Korea After President Park Geun-hye Is Ousted - The New York Times,"Silence fell over thousands of supporters of South Korea’s president, Park   as the country’s Constitutional Court announced it was removing her from office on Friday. The unanimous ruling capped months of turmoil for a country that has been gripped by the corruption scandal that brought down Ms. Park. Since November, the center of Seoul, the capital, has been the site of weekly demonstrations, some of them enormous, demanding Ms. Park’s ouster. Her powers were suspended in December, after a legislative impeachment vote. Her opponents were in the streets on Friday for the ruling, cheering as the court verdict was read. Supporters of Ms. Park tried to pass a barricade of police buses protecting the Constitutional Court, which ruled that Ms. Park had “betrayed the trust of the people. ” Some of the demonstrators called for “destroying” the court. Some of Ms. Park’s supporters, most of them older South Koreans, attacked the police with flagpoles. As Ms. Park’s standing plummeted in recent months, her remaining backers tended to be people who fondly remembered her father, the Cold War dictator Park  . Other protesters threw water bottles and pieces of pavement. The acting president, Hwang   called for national unity and urged Ms. Park’s supporters to accept the court’s ruling. Three demonstrators, ages 60, 72 and 74, died during the unrest. One had fallen from the top of a police bus, a hospital official told The Associated Press. An additional 30 protesters and police officers were injured in the clashes, The A. P. said.",0
1949,"Donald Trump, François Hollande, Tiger Woods: Your Thursday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1.   Donald J. Trump began a victory lap, heading to Indiana to celebrate both his win and his seeming success at preventing some manufacturing jobs in the state from moving to Mexico. The deal with Carrier, best known for its   saves 1, 000 jobs through a $7 million incentive package  —   just the kind of corporate giveaway he knocked on the campaign trail. Afterward, he went to a rally in Ohio, where he announced the selection of James Mattis, an   with a tough stance on Iran, to be his defense secretary. _____ 2. Some of Mr. Trump’s supporters say he is risking charges of hypocrisy for filling his cabinet with people of wealth and power  —   the very kinds of people he vowed to drive out of Washington. The consideration of Mitt Romney, above, for secretary of state has been the most infuriating to conservative leaders who wanted to see Mr. Trump shake up the party establishment. Some have mounted a vigorous lobbying campaign to try to usher David H. Petraeus, the former C. I. A. director, into the job. _____ 3. The first recount of the 2016 presidential election is underway in Wisconsin, above. Few people expect the effort, initiated by Jill Stein, to reverse the election’s outcome. Another recount will begin Friday in the neighboring battleground state of Michigan. _____ 4. A measure to extend sanctions against Iran for a decade was passed by the Senate and will now go to President Obama, who has not said whether he intends to sign or to veto the legislation. The    vote showed the desire of lawmakers to maintain a tough posture toward Iran amid uncertainty over the future of the nuclear agreement with the country, which Mr. Trump railed against during his campaign. Iranian officials have threatened to respond if the United States goes through with the extension. Above, Mitch McConnell, the Senate majority leader. _____ 5. The United Nations apologized for its role in the 2010 cholera outbreak in Haiti that led to the deaths of about 10, 000 people. Secretary General Ban   in his address to the General Assembly, implicitly acknowledged that the disease was not present in the country until the arrival of U. N. peacekeepers from Nepal, where cholera is common. _____ 6. President François Hollande stunned France, announcing he would not run for a second term in next year’s election. Mr. Hollande, a Socialist, has had some of the worst approval ratings in France’s modern history. He has struggled to cut unemployment and has had to grapple with agonizing terrorist attacks. _____ 7. The process to demobilize FARC rebels in Colombia can begin now that a revised peace accord ending the country’s   civil war has been ratified. This time the government bypassed voters, who had turned down the accord by a narrow margin on Oct. 2. In coming weeks, the rebels will leave their camps and relocate to a set number of sites, where they’ll disarm under the watch of United Nations inspectors. _____ 8. Psilocybin, an ingredient found in hallucinogenic mushrooms, can significantly reduce anxiety and depression in cancer patients, according to a study published today. The drug has been illegal in the United States for more than 40 years. “I have a greater sense of peace of what might come,” one cancer survivor said. “I’m very grateful, beyond words, for this trial. ” _____ 9. Jim Delligatti, above, the McDonald’s franchise owner who created the Big Mac, died on Monday. He was 98. In the   Mr. Delligatti’s initial proposal to add a   hamburger to the menu was met with resistance. Today, the company sells about 550 million Big Macs in the United States every year. “All I got was a plaque,” Mr. Delligatti said in 2007. _____ 10. Tiger Woods made his   comeback to golf at the Hero World Challenge, his first competitive round in more than a year  —   466 days, to be exact. He had been sidelined by back injuries, watching his ranking plummet to 898th while he was away. Woods, now 40, showed flashes of his old self on the course Thursday, but finished over par. _____ 11. One of our   stories is about a fortune that went missing when a wealthy businessman set out to divorce his wife. The quest to find it would reveal the depths of an offshore financial system used by the richest people in the world for one main purpose: to make it appear that they own as little as possible. “Dictators use it to loot their own countries. Drug lords use it to launder money,” our reporter wrote. The system “is a darkness that shields the   businessman and the criminal alike. ” _____ 12. Finally, we have reached the last month of 2016. December will usher in holiday decorations, party invitations, airport congestion and, most likely, an overwhelming number of   lists. Here’s one to kick things off: the 10 best books of 2016, selected by editors of The New York Times Book Review. Enjoy. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
1950,"U.S., Mexico Agree on Narco-Governor Trial Venue Confirming Breitbart Texas Report","A joint news release issued by U. S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions and his counterparts in Mexico confirm a Breitbart Texas report about where a Mexican governor accused of cartel ties will stand trial. [Tomas Yarrington, a fugitive governor of the border state of Tamaulipas, is facing multiple drug trafficking and money laundering charges in U. S. federal court. In Mexico, he is facing charges of engaging in organized criminal activity. Yarrington is believed to have sold protection to Mexico’s Gulf Cartel, Los Zetas, and other cartels in exchange for bribes.   Agents with Homeland Security Investigations working with Italian authorities were able to track down Yarrington and arrest him in Florence. Yarrington has asked to not be extradited to either nation.  The statement from U. S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions and his counterpart Raul Cervantes Andrade point to an apparent end to the tensions between the two countries over the extradition of the governor. Breitbart Texas had initially called out the PGR after officials had tried to take sole credit for Yarrington’s arrest, that claim was further disproven when Italian authorities issued a news release claiming that the arrest was carried out as part of a joint investigation with Homeland Security Investigations. In the news release, the DOJ credits Mexico for cooperation in the investigation and points to both nations committing to exchanging information in the prosecution of Yarrington.  Ildefonso Ortiz is an   journalist with Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook. Brandon Darby is managing director and    of Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz and Stephen K. Bannon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook. He can be contacted at bdarby@breitbart. com.",0
1951,YOU GO GIRL! Jayda Fransen of Britain First raises hell at a halal butcher shop,"YOU GO GIRL! Jayda Fransen of Britain First raises hell at a halal butcher shop She screams at the butchers for barbarically slaughtering fully conscious animals by cutting their throats so they bleed out dying in agony and tells the customers they are supporting Islamic terrorism by paying a special halal tax on everything they buy there. Even worse, a lot of the people working in the halal slaughter house don’t appear to be Muslims.",0
1952,The Top 5 Conspiracy Theories That Were Proven To Be True Because Donald Trump Ran For President,"  The Top 5 Conspiracy Theories That Were Proven To Be True Because Donald Trump Ran For President Every election year, charges of favoritism in the media fly back and forth, this is as old as the Republic itself. But this year, conspiracy theorists have claimed that the MSM was not only in the bag for Crooked Hillary, but actively working to secure her election with false polls, false stories and rampant and illegal collusion with the candidate.   Thank you, WikiLeaks , for making this a memorable year for discovering the truth behind the power that controls our system. 
Historians will look back on the Presidential Election of 2016 as the, not “a”, but the turning point in American history for a variety of reasons. Not the least of which will be that, because Donald Trump ran and was attacked by such an army of haters, that the truth about so many things previously kept hidden was brought out into the open. So today we are happy to bring you: The Top 5 Conspiracy Theories Proven To Be True In 2016 THE BUSH FAMILY ARE PART OF THE NEW WORLD ORDER: Every since George H.W. Bush uttered his “ we will bring in a New World Order ” speech in 1991, conspiracy theorists has speculated that the Bush Crime Family were not really Republicans or even Conservatives, but globalists with a secret agenda. It took the nomination of Donald Trump as the Republican candidate for president to bring these worms out from under their rock. Not only have they opposed Trump, and refused to support the nominee of the party they claim to belong to, they are actively working to try and elect Crooked Hillary , globalist candidate for president. PROVEN TRUE. THE LIBERAL MAIN STREAM MEDIA IS CORRUPT: Every election year, charges of favoritism in the media fly back and forth, this is as old as the Republic itself. But this year, conspiracy theorists have claimed that the MSM was not only in the bag for Crooked Hillary , but actively working to secure her election with false polls , false stories and rampant and illegal collusion with the candidate . WikiLeaks, one of the best friends the truth has in America, exposed all that and more this election 2016. It showed that not only were the conspiracy theorists right, they didn’t go far enough in their speculations. PROVEN TRUE. THE DNC RIGGED THE DEMOCRATIC NOMINATION PROCESS: After candidate Bernie Sanders exhibited Trump-sized crowds everywhere he went, people were shocked when he was so easily beaten by Crooked Hillary who struggles to draw people to her rallies. As it turned out, the DNC was not only actively working to nominate Hillary , they were also actively working to suppress the momentum of Bernie Sanders. PROVEN TRUE. THE CLINTON FOUNDATION SOLD ACCESS TO THE STATE DEPARTMENT: For years now, conspiracy buffs have made the claim that the Clinton Crime Family, and Crooked Hillary sold access to the State Department for cash and favors. A book called Clinton Cash was even published documenting all this. But when WikiLeaks released emails proving this to be true and exposing the connections, it ceased to be a theory albeit remaining a conspiracy. PROVEN TRUE. GEORGE SOROS IS THE POWER BEHIND NEARLY ALL OF IT: George Soros real life history reads like a sordid crime novel. Born Jewish, he switched teams as a teenager in WWII and sided with the Nazis . This began a life of crime and intrigue that helped him amass an enormous fortune. Revelations in 2016 have showed Soros to be one of Hillary Clinton’s largest single donors , his orders were carried out by Crooked Hillary’s State Department, he funded the race riots which started in 2015, and he is behind massive voter fraud both here and around the world. If you go to vote and see a SmartMatic voting machine , immediately demand a paper ballot if you want your vote to be accurately recorded. George Soros is even the financial power behind the massive wave of Muslim migration in Europe. And the money behind Black Lives Matters as well. PROVEN TRUE. 
So thank you, WikiLeaks , for making this a memorable year for discovering the truth behind the power that controls our system. And thank you, Donald J. Trump, for having the courage to run this campaign, spending $100 million of your own money, and calling us to make America great, again. CNN Caught Covering Up Hillary Cheating at Debates: Gen. Flynn: Clinton should step down from race: George Bush Sr. New World Order Live Speech Sept 11 1991: Crooked Hillary Lies For 10 minutes straight: WikiLeaks exposes relationship between Crooked Hillary and illegal activities to hide illegal email server: Ingraham: ‘Obscene’ how the Democrats have turned on Comey Trey Gowdy Smashes Lying Loretta Lynch & Hillary Clinton Like A Boss: I know where Hillary Clintons deleted emails are and how to get them legally @TGowdySC @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump . 100% true. Retweet. pic.twitter.com/eir8r0FJ8M 
— Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) October 26, 2016 SHARE  ",0
1953,Israel to Make Rare Overture to Palestinians ’at Trump Request’ - Breitbart,"Jerusalem (AFP)  —   Israeli ministers have approved measures aimed at improving the Palestinian economy and facilitating crossings, rare moves said to be at Donald Trump’s request hours ahead of the US president’s arrival.  An Israeli official told AFP on condition of anonymity that ministers were responding to a Trump request to present him with “  measures” ahead of his talks with Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas on Tuesday. In a statement, Trump’s administration welcomed the moves, saying he “has been encouraging both sides to take steps that improve the environment for peace making. ” “He has expressed particular interest in taking steps to improve the Palestinian economy in the West Bank and Gaza Strip. ” In what the Israeli official described as a “gesture for Trump’s visit, which does not harm Israel’s interests” Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s security cabinet on Sunday approved the enlargement of a Palestinian industrial zone on the edge of the southern West Bank. He said that the possibility of extending Israel Railways services to the northern West Bank city of Jenin would also be examined. They also gave the nod to streamlining transit procedures at Shaar Ephraim, a busy crossing point in the northern part of the occupied West Bank for Palestinian labourers with permits to work in Israel. The official said that opening hours for passage across the main Jordan River bridge linking the Palestinian territory and the neighbouring kingdom were to be extended to  . There would also be reforms to Palestinian land use in urban areas in the 60 percent of the West Bank under full Israeli control. He did not elaborate but Israel’s Haaretz daily said the intention was to allow construction of “thousands of Palestinian homes” in the area where for years it has been almost impossible for Palestinians to get Israeli permits to build on their own land. Haaretz said that at Sunday night’s meeting Education Minister Naftali Bennett and justice minister Ayelet Shaked, of the   Jewish Home party, “objected vehemently” to the building plans. In an apparent attempt to calm opposition from within Netanyahu’s coalition government, seen as the most   in the country’s history, the security cabinet also approved setting up a committee to work for retroactive legalisation of wildcat Israeli construction in the West Bank, the official said.",0
1954,Two People Connected To Flint Water Investigation Found Dead,"posted by Eddie Two people who were connected to the Flint water company investigation were both found dead in the space of a week this month. Water Treatment Plant Foreman, Matthew McFarland, and the woman leading the lead poisoning suit, Sasha Avonna Bell, were found dead within days of each other. Vigilantcitizen.com reports: The Flint water crisis began exactly two years ago, on April 2014, when Flint changed its water source from treated Detroit Water and Sewerage Department water to the Flint River – to which officials had failed to apply corrosion inhibitors. Almost immediately, Flint residents complained about the water’s color, taste and odor. In the following months, numerous water issues arose, with little to no governmental action to fix them. August and September 2014 boil-water advisories were issued by the city due to coliform bacteria detection On August 21, 2014 test showed the city’s water tested high for THMs, a chlorine byproduct of disinfecting water, with which long term exposure has been linked to cancer and other diseases. Though the city stated that the water was safe, the employees of the Flint Public Library declared the water undrinkable after noticing that the water from the faucets and toilets was discolored. On March 2, 2016, it was reported that the state of Michigan blocked Flint from returning to Lake Huron water from the Detroit water system when it agreed to grant the city an emergency loan of $7 million in April 2015 It was discovered that the high levels of lead were due to orthophosphate being omitted from the water treatment process, while using a pH of 7.4 and that the orange water was due to the high concentration of chloride in the Flint River water, which caused excessive corrosion of the cast iron mains pipes. Far from taking decisive action, governments denied that the water was toxic. While the local outcry about Flint water quality was growing in early 2015, Flint water officials filed papers with state regulators purporting to show that “tests at Flint’s water treatment plant had detected no lead and testing in homes had registered lead at acceptable levels.” The documents falsely claimed that the city had tested tap water from homes with lead service lines, and therefore the highest lead-poisoning risks; in reality; the city does not know the locations of lead service lines, which city officials acknowledged in November 2015 after the Flint Journal/MLive published an article revealing the practice after obtaining documents through the Michigan Freedom of Information Act. – Robin Erb, Flint doctor makes state see light about lead in water The net result is that over 10,000 children (mostly Black) were exposed to water contaminated with lead. Lead poisoning has devastating effects on the brain: Childhood lead exposure causes a reduction in intellectual functioning and IQ, academic performance, and problem-solving skills, and an increased risk of attention deficit disorder, aggression, and hyperactivity. According to studies, children with elevated levels of lead in the blood are more likely as adults to commit crimes, be imprisoned, be unemployed or underemployed, or be dependent on government services. – Julie Mack, Lead levels elevated for thousands of Michigan children outside of Flint A massive investigation is now underway and lawsuits are being filed. And things are turning uglier. Cover Up Now that the federal government opened an investigation on the issue, news emerging from Flint are downright sordid. First, in March, important documents went missing, the police openly admits that it was an inside job, and that the crime will most likely remain unresolved. Days before the federal government opened an investigation into the Flint water crisis, someone broke into a vacant City Hall office full of documents related to the embattled Michigan city’s water system. Nearly three months later, officials have confirmed that a TV went missing, but little else is known, according to the Flint Journal . Without suspects or a firm handle on what else may have been swiped, authorities told the paper last week that the crime may remain unsolved. No warrants have been issued in the case, but officials don’t shy away from speculative statements that stop just short of conspiracy theories. “It was definitely an inside job,” police chief Tim Johnson told the Journal. “The power cord (to the TV) wasn’t even taken. The average drug user knows that you’d need the power cord to be able to pawn it.” “It was somebody that had knowledge of those documents that really wanted to keep them out of the right hands, out of the hands of someone who was going to tell the real story of what’s going on with Flint water.” Days before the federal government opened an investigation into the Flint water crisis, someone broke into a vacant City Hall office full of documents related to the embattled Michigan city’s water system. – Washington Post, The mystery surrounding missing water files at Flint City Hall: ‘It was definitely an inside job’ On April 16th, Water Treatment Plant Foreman Matthew McFarland (who had been interviewed regarding the water crisis) was found dead at the young age of 43. Cause of death? Unknown. Already reeling from the news of criminal charges against one of its workers in the wake of the Flint water crisis, city workers are now dealing with the sudden death of a foreman at the plant. Water Treatment Plant Foreman Matthew McFarland, 43, of Otter Lake died suddenly on on Saturday, April 16, according to his obituary. The Lapeer County Sheriff’s Department said a friend found McFarland unresponsive at a home in Otter Lake. There were no signs of foul play. An autopsy did not determine a cause of death and police are awaiting toxicology reports. The investigation remains open. “My thoughts and prayers go out to Matt’s co-workers, his family and especially his children,” said Flint Mayor Karen Weaver. “He worked for the City of Flint for more than 18 years and we thank him for his devotion and service.” We all have been brought together by this water crisis and we are all mourning his death,” Weaver said in a statement. “In lieu of flowers, the family has expressed they would appreciate donations to establish a fund for (his children) Vance and Ella’s college expenses.” McFarland’s death comes as Flint’s water plant deals with news that Flint Utilities Manager Michael Glasgow is one of three men facing criminal charges in connection with the city’s water crisis. Glasgow is accused of tampering with evidence when he allegedly changed testing results to show there was less lead in city water than there actually was. He is also charged with willful neglect of office. Michigan Department of Environmental Quality employees Stephen Busch and Michael Prysby are charged with misconduct in office, conspiracy to tamper with evidence, tampering with evidence and violations of the Michigan Safe Drinking Water Act. Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette’s office confirmed that McFarland was previously interviewed as part of its ongoing investigation into the city’s water crisis. – mlive, Flint water plant continues to reel with sudden death of foreman A few days later, a 19-year old woman leading the Flint water crisis lawsuit was found shot dead in her home. A culprit was arrested. Was he a patsy? A woman at the center of a bellwether Flint water crisis lawsuit was one of two women who were shot to death inside a townhouse earlier this week. Sasha Avonna Bell was one of the first of a growing number of people to file a lawsuit in connection to the Flint water crisis after she claimed that her child had been lead poisoned. Bell was found dead April 19 in the 2600 block of Ridgecrest Drive at the Ridgecrest Village Townhouses. Sacorya Renee Reed was also found shot to death in the home. An unharmed 1-year-old child was also found inside of the Ridgecrest home when Bell’s body was discovered and was taken into custody by child protective services. Police declined to confirm if it was Bell’s child discovered in the home. “Sasha was a lovely young woman who cared deeply for her family, and especially for her young child,” said her attorney Corey M. Stern. “Her tragic and senseless death has created a void in the lives of so many people that loved her. Hopefully, her child will be lifted up by the love and support from everyone who cared deeply for Sasha.” Bell’s case was one of 64 lawsuits filed on behalf of 144 children by Stern’s firm, New York-based Levy Konigsberg, and Flint-based Robinson Carter & Crawford. The lawsuit named six companies that had various responsibilities with respect to the treatment, monitoring, and safety of the Flint water prior to and during the Flint water crisis, according to her attorneys. The case also named three individual government, or former government, employees who played significant roles in the alleged misconduct that led to the alleged poisoning of thousands of children in Flint, her attorneys claim. The Bell case, however, played an important role in determining the future of the more than five dozen other lawsuits that were filed. – mlive, Woman in leading Flint water crisis lawsuit slain in twin killing. Everything about this story is revolting and dirty facts are emerging from everywhere. However, mass media largely ignores this story. Those that do are flooded with comments about “tin foil hats” and “conspiracy nutters”. It is as if shills are paid kill that story online … or maybe that poisonous lead has already done its debilitating, mind-numbing job. source:",0
1955,POROSHENKO ARRIVES TO EU FOR WHIPPING,"Главная » News » Poroshenko arrives to EU for whipping Poroshenko arrives to EU for whipping Thursday, 24 November, 2016 - 16:45 
The EU-Ukraine summit starts. The main topic of this meeting is the discussion of anti-corruption measures, which are necessary for adoption of the visa-free enter for Ukrainians in Europe. Jean-Claude Juncker and Donald Franciszek Tusk are going to participate in this summit. 
EU officials make no secret of the fact that Ukraine is clearly unable to cope with the task to extirpate the corruption. However, Poroshenko is expected to go on about his old, favorite issues. He thinks that the so-called, alleged Russian aggression and the situation in the Donbass, which were discussed yesterday at a meeting of the contact group in Minsk, would rouse the EU interest once again. But the problems and issues formulated by the EU are still waiting for a detailed discussion. 
Meanwhile, at yesterday's meeting in Minsk Kiev refused the ""Steinmeier’s formula"". However, it would not make this summit more productive.",0
1956,DHS Kelly Creates VOICE For Many Victims of Illegal Alien Criminals - Breitbart,"The Department of Homeland Security has opened the Victims of Immigration Crime Engagement (VOICE) Office to give victims of crime by illegal aliens more information on the cases and on the perpetrators’ deportation proceedings. [“There is nothing but goodness in what we’re doing today,” said John Kelly, the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security. “My heart goes out to you. I do understand what you’ve been through,” he told family members of murder victims on Wednesday.  Kelly, who lost his son when he was killed while serving in Afghanistan, continued: These crimes, in many ways, were preventable. But because of years and years of policies complicating immigration and enforcement efforts, and a   approach to public safety, there are mothers who will never again receive a Mother’s Day card from a son. There are husbands who will never again kiss their wives. There are children who will never get to graduate from high school. These victims of illegal aliens aren’t data points. They’re people. And they and their families deserve to be treated fairly   …     While we can never fully heal them, we can give them a voice. ” Kelly took no questions after the briefing and shook hands with the families. The department has also launched a the   Information and Notification Exchange ( ) an automated, national system to send automatic updates to changes in custody information regarding specific illegal aliens charged with or convicted of a crime. It will help victims, families, attorneys, victims’ advocates, and more navigate the federal immigration system.   VINEs will also automatically send victims and families automatic updates on releasable criminal case information and other custody status updates. Plus, victims and families will be able to see where an illegal alien is being detained. Kelly’s announcement is the latest step the Trump administration has taken in its first 100 days to side with Americans over big business and the Democratic party seeking consumers and voters. Illegal aliens commit an extraordinary amount of almost entirely preventable crimes. In a 2011 report, the Government Accountability Office (GAO) estimated that illegal aliens comprised a stunning 27 percent of the federal inmate prison population. (Republicans joining Democrats in opposing mythological “mass incarceration” might want to support immigration law to keep prison populations low.) When analyzing a large, random sample of illegal aliens incarcerated in 2009 and 2010, GAO found each criminal alien averaged seven arrests, with 50 percent being arrested for at least one drug offense. That’s significant, because heroin trafficking is a major consequence of allowing illegal immigration to go uncontrolled, and in 2010, heroin overdose deaths began to rise until they had tripled in only five years. According to a recent   in TheHill by a retired California detective: Most states and our federal government have kept information and statistics about illegal immigration, crimes committed by illegals and the costs borne by you the U. S. payer out of public view. It is in fact difficult, but not impossible to locate accurate crime statistics involving illegal immigrants. The statistics are buried both to suit a political agenda and to avoid public outcry. Once you read this article, you will quickly understand why  …     The U. S. Department of Justice and the U. S. Sentencing Commission reported that as of 2014, illegal immigrants were convicted and sentenced for over 13 percent of all crimes committed in the U. S. According to the FBI, 67, 642 murders were committed in the U. S. from 2005 through 2008, and 115, 717 from 2003 through 2009. The General Accounting Office documents that criminal immigrants committed 25, 064 of these murders. To extrapolate out these statistics, this means that a population of just over 3. 5 percent residing in the U. S. unlawfully committed 22 percent to 37 percent of all murders in the nation. This is astounding. Those who have lost loved ones at the hands of illegal aliens have previously told Breitbart News how difficult it was to secure legal assistance. Legal immigrant Agnes Gibboney, whose son Ronald da Silva was murdered in 2002 by an illegal, told SiriusXM host Matthew Boyle she had only a prosecutor to look out for her interests in court —  and it did not work out well for her. “Everything went wrong. I was not allowed to say my impact statement. I was not allowed to address the court. I was not allowed to get the probation hearing report. And when I called them to ask how come I didn’t get it, they said, ‘My boss told me not to talk to you,’ and hung up,” she said. Laura Wilkerson —  who, as Breitbart News has reported, summoned the strength to publicly tell the story of her son Joshua’s violent, torturous death at the hands of an illegal alien classmate over and over again —  said she had to pay for an attorney out of her own pocket. “They didn’t want me to sit in the trial, and I had to hire an attorney just to make that happen,” she said. It would have been unimaginable for her not to be present in the courtroom that day.  Families are often “ ” by the court system and need help with funeral and counseling, said Maria Espinoza, head of the Remembrance Project. “[W]hat’s very important that people don’t understand that in so many cases, our families are being   because they’re being misguided in the court system,” she said. “Either activist judges, or activist prosecutors —  so we really need someone to help and guide our families. Who can afford an attorney for themselves? And here illegal aliens get one. If they murder an American, they are given two attorneys to protect them, to defend them. ” Listen to the Angel Moms’ stories of how difficult it was to secure adequate legal representation here.",0
1957,"Serena Williams Wins Wimbledon, Tying Record for Grand Slam Singles Titles - The New York Times","WIMBLEDON, England  —   On the first point of the women’s final at Wimbledon on Saturday, Angelique Kerber ended a rally with a forehand winner down the line. On the next, a Serena Williams backhand winner scorched the baseline. Yes, it was going to be one of those matches. But in contrast with the outcome of their duel in the Australian Open final in January, Williams came out as the winner. Williams tied Steffi Graf’s   record for Grand Slam singles titles, gaining her 22nd with a     victory. The win left her two short of Margaret Court’s overall record of 24 Grand Slam titles from 1960 to 1973. The Open era began in 1968. Williams, 34, had not won a major championship since last year’s Wimbledon, losing in the semifinals at the 2015 United States Open and the finals at the Australian and French Opens this year. Although she had tried to play down the importance of No. 22, she acknowledged that it was a “relief” to get there, and that there had been “some sleepless nights” after her recent Grand Slam losses. During the Wimbledon fortnight, she talked about having a different   about being calmer. From her losses at the Australian and French Opens, she said, she had “learned that you can’t win everything, even though I try really hard. ” “I do the best that I can,” she said. “I still am not going to be perfect. ” She was pretty close to it on Saturday. Kerber, the No. 4 seed, who will ascend to No. 2 in the world rankings on Monday, entered the final having not lost a set at Wimbledon. But Williams had also been rolling through the draw since losing the first set of her   match against Christina McHale. Chris Evert, an   Grand Slam singles champion and now an analyst for ESPN, said earlier in the week that Williams was playing “as good as I’ve seen her play in the last year. ” “Less ups and downs, no drama, no dips,” Evert said. As usual, Williams’s serve paved the way to the title. With windy conditions on Centre Court, she said, “it would be better if I served great. ” “Great” may not be a strong enough term: Williams hit 13 aces, lost only five points on her first serve and faced just one break point.   percent of her serves went unreturned. “Serena was serving unbelievable today,” Kerber said. “At the end, I was trying everything, but she deserved it today. ” Though she was frustrated during Williams’s service games, Kerber stayed in the match, playing sound defense and using the same fearless   that won her the title in Australia. Kerber survived a nervous first service game, saving three break points, but she could not gain any traction on Williams’s serve until   in the first set. After Williams won a   rally to go up,   Kerber won the next point on a forehand winner and forced an error by Williams to get to deuce. But she would get no closer to breaking Williams’s serve in the set. With Williams serving at   the set turned. Williams, down by   unleashed three unreturnable serves to win the game. She quickly got two break points in the next game, taking the game and the set on the second. “I played two points a little bit too short, and she was there, and she goes for it,” Kerber said. “So, yeah, I mean, she did everything right. ” Kerber did not back down, however. She hit a backhand winner from off the court to end a   rally early in the second set, prompting Williams to applaud. “I love playing her,” Williams said. “She’s such a great opponent. She really brings out great tennis in me. ” Kerber finally got her first break point of the match at  . Williams then hit two aces to get out of trouble. “It was her first break point, and I wasn’t going to let it go on the very first one, at least,” Williams said. “I wanted to hit an ace. ” In the next game, Kerber was up,   but was forced into three straight errors, which gave Williams her only break point of the second set. Kerber shanked a backhand off Williams’s return, and Williams had a chance to serve for the match. Kerber could not get the ball in play on the first three serves, and Williams closed out her seventh Wimbledon championship with a forehand winner at the net. She fell to the grass and lay on her back to take in the   moment. The last time Williams went a year without a Grand Slam title was in 2014, when she was pursuing her 18th. Then she was not falling short in finals, she was failing to get out of the fourth round. She has now reached the final in seven of the last eight majors. “I had to start looking at positives, not focusing on that one loss per tournament which really isn’t bad, and for anyone else on this tour would be completely happy about it,” Williams said. “Once I started focusing more on the positives, I realized that I’m pretty good. ” Williams’s understatement led to laughs among the reporters gathered for her postmatch news conference. But   thinking, not just in tennis, is often required of Williams, such a big star that she had Jay Z and Beyoncé in her box on Saturday. (Beyoncé was perhaps returning the favor for Williams’s appearance in one of Beyoncé’s music videos this spring.) After her   semifinal rout of Elena Vesnina on Thursday, Williams had to defend her dominance to a male reporter who asked whether she deserved to be paid the same as the men who played   the day before. “If you happen to write a short article, you think you don’t deserve equal pay as your beautiful colleague behind you?” she said. As a prominent   she was asked about recent police shootings of black men and the killing of police officers in Dallas. “I do have nephews that I’m thinking, ‘Do I have to call them and tell them don’t go outside? ’” she said. “If you get in your car, it might be the last time I see you. ” She added that violence was not the answer. “The shooting in Dallas was very sad,” she said. These conversations she chose to engage in on Saturday, but she was less interested in debates about her next milestone. “One thing I learned about last year is to enjoy the moment,” she said. About five hours later, Williams was laughing and smiling with her sister Venus after they defeated Timea Babos and Yaroslava Shvedova,     for the women’s doubles championship. It was the Williamses’ 14th Grand Slam doubles title together, but their first in four years. “As long as I’m winning, it doesn’t get boring,” Williams said. “Even when I’m not winning, it doesn’t, because it makes me want to work harder so I can come out and hold up titles. ”",0
1958,AMAZING meditative session right here about what is up - link,"AMAZING meditative session right here about what is up - link Re: AMAZING meditative session right here about what is up - link Page 1 Mail with questions or comments about this site. ""Godlike Productions"" & ""GLP"" are registered trademarks of Zero Point Ltd. Godlike Website Design Copyright © 1999 - 2015 Godlikeproductions.com",0
1959,Biggest Election Fraud In History Discovered In The United States,"  by Jon Rappoport — Jon Rappoport’s blog Oct 31, 2016 Vote fraud expert Bev Harris exposes electronic voting machines Okay. She finally did it. On Monday, Bev Harris ( blackboxvoting.org ), the great investigator of vote fraud, appeared on the Alex Jones show and laid it all out . The GEMS vote-fraud system, “fraction magic,” the way the vote is being stolen. Not just in theory, but in fact. Listen to the whole interview and get the word out. Bev’s findings are staggering. Below the video is the original piece I did on this earlier this month. —- High Alert: the election can still be rigged Votes counted as fractions instead of as whole numbers …[A]mazingly, the vote-rigging system it describes has not gotten widespread attention. The system can be used across the entire US. As we know, there are a number of ways to rig an election. Bev Harris, at blackboxvoting.org , is exploring a specific “cheat sheet” that has vast implications for the Trump vs. Hillary contest. It’s a vote-counting system called GEMS. I urge you to dive into her multi-part series, Fraction Magic (Part-1 here ). Here are key Harris quotes. They’re all shockers: “Our testing [of GEMS] shows that one vote can be counted 25 times, another only one one-thousandth of a time, effectively converting some votes to zero.” “This report summarizes the results of our review of the GEMS election management system, which counts approximately 25 percent of all votes in the United States. The results of this study demonstrate that a fractional vote feature is embedded in each GEMS application which can be used to invisibly, yet radically, alter election outcomes by pre-setting desired vote percentages to redistribute votes. This tampering is not visible to election observers, even if they are standing in the room and watching the computer. Use of the decimalized vote feature is unlikely to be detected by auditing or canvass procedures, and can be applied across large jurisdictions in less than 60 seconds.” “GEMS vote-counting systems are and have been operated under five trade names: Global Election Systems, Diebold Election Systems, Premier Election Systems, Dominion Voting Systems, and Election Systems & Software, in addition to a number of private regional subcontractors. At the time of this writing, this system is used statewide in Alaska, Connecticut, Georgia, Mississippi, New Hampshire, Utah and Vermont, and for counties in Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, Washington, Wisconsin and Wyoming. It is also used in Canada.” “Instead of ‘1’ the vote is allowed to be 1/2, or 1+7/8, or any other value that is not a whole number.” “Weighting a race [through the use of GEMS] removes the principle of ‘one person-one vote’ to allow some votes to be counted as less than one or more than one. Regardless of what the real votes are, candidates can receive a set percentage of votes. Results can be controlled. For example, Candidate A can be assigned 44% of the votes, Candidate B 51%, and Candidate C the rest.” “All evidence that [rigged] fractional values ever existed [in the GEMS system] can be removed instantly even from the underlying database using a setting in the GEMS data tables, in which case even instructing GEMS to show the [rigged] decimals will fail to reveal they were used.” “Source code: Instructions to treat votes as decimal values instead of whole numbers [i.e., rigging] are inserted multiple times in the GEMS source code itself; thus, this feature cannot have been created by accident.” A contact who, so far, apparently wishes to remain anonymous states the following about the history of the GEMS system: “The Fractional vote [rigging] portion traces directly to Jeffrey W. Dean , whose wife was primary stockholder of the company that developed GEMS. He ran the company but was prohibited from handling money or checks due to a criminal conviction for computer fraud, for which he spent 4 years in prison. Almost immediately after being released from prison he was granted intimate access to elections data and large government contracts for ballot printing and ballot processing.” I see no effort on the part of the federal government, state governments, or the mainstream press to investigate the GEMS system or respond to Bev Harris’ extensive analysis. It’s not as if media outlets are unaware of her. From shesource.org, here is an excerpt from her bio : “Harris has been referred to as ‘the godmother’ of the election reform movement. (Boston Globe). Vanity Fair magazine credits her with founding the movement to reform electronic voting. Time Magazine calls her book, Black Box Voting , ‘the bible’ of electronic voting… Harris’s investigations have led some to call her the ‘Erin Brockovich of elections.’ (Salon.com)… Harris has supervised five ‘hack demonstrations’ in the field, using real voting machines. These have been covered by the Associated Press, the Washington Post, and in formal reports by the United States General Accounting Office…” So far, her analysis of GEMS seems to be labeled “too hot to handle.” Press outlets prefer to report the slinging of mud from both Presidential candidates’ camps. Meanwhile, the actual results of the coming elections—including Congressional races—appear to be up for grabs, depending on who controls GEMS. Update: From what I understand, each state government appoints a “consultant” to manage GEMS on election night. That person would be capable of rigging the vote. Jon Rappoport The author of three explosive collections, THE MATRIX REVEALED , EXIT FROM THE MATRIX , and POWER OUTSIDE THE MATRIX , Jon was a candidate for a US Congressional seat in the 29 th District of California. He maintains a consulting practice for private clients, the purpose of which is the expansion of personal creative power. Nominated for a Pulitzer Prize, he has worked as an investigative reporter for 30 years, writing articles on politics, medicine, and health for CBS Healthwatch, LA Weekly, Spin Magazine, Stern, and other newspapers and magazines in the US and Europe. Jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics, health, logic, and creative power to audiences around the world. You can sign up for his free NoMoreFakeNews emails here or his free OutsideTheRealityMachine emails here .",0
1960,Re: 11 Very Depressing Economic Realities That Donald Trump Will Inherit From Barack Obama,"11 Very Depressing Economic Realities That Donald Trump Will Inherit From Barack Obama   15th, 2016 
It would be a grave mistake to understate the amount of damage that has been done to the U.S. economy over the past eight years. In this article, I am going to share some economic numbers with you that are extremely sobering. Anyone that takes a cold, hard, honest look at the numbers should be able to see that our economy is in terrible shape. Unfortunately, the way that we see things is often clouded by our political views. Up until the election, Democrats were far more likely then Republicans to believe that the economy was improving, but now that is in the process of completely reversing. According to Gallup , only 16 percent of Republicans believed that the economy was getting better before the election, but that number has suddenly jumped to 49 percent after Trump’s election victory. And the percentage of Democrats that believe that the economy is getting better fell from 61 percent to 46 percent after the election. Here are some additional details from Gallup … 
After Trump won last week’s election, Republicans and Republican-leaning independents now have a much more optimistic view of the U.S. economy’s outlook than they did   Just 16% of Republicans said the economy was getting better in the week before the election, while 81% said it was getting worse. Since the election, 49% say it is getting better and 44% worse. 
Conversely, Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents’ confidence in the economy plummeted after the election. Before the election, 61% of Democrats said the economy was getting better and 35% worse. Now, Democrats are evenly divided, with 46% saying it is getting better and 47% saying it is getting worse. 
The truth, of course, is that the result of the election did not somehow magically alter the outlook for the U.S. economy. 
We still have a giant mess on our hands, and the following are 11 very depressing economic realities that Donald Trump will inherit from Barack Obama… 
#1 Nearly 7 out of every 10 Americans have less than $1,000 in savings . That means that about two-thirds of the country is essentially living paycheck to paycheck at this moment. 
#2 Reuters is reporting that U.S. mall investors are poised to lose “billions” of dollars as the “ retail apocalypse ” in this nation deepens. 
#3 Credit card delinquencies have hit the highest level that we have seen since 2012 . 
#4 Approximately 35 percent of all Americans have a debt that is at least 180 days past due. 
#5 The rate of homeownership has fallen for eight years in a row and is now hovering near a 50 year low . 
#6 The total number of government employees now outnumbers the total number of manufacturing employees in this country by almost 10 million . 
#7 The number of homeless people in New York City (where Donald Trump is from) has hit a brand new record high . 
#8 About 20 percent of all young adults are currently living with their parents . 
#9 Total household debt in the United States has now reached a grand total of 12.3 trillion dollars . 
#10 The total amount of corporate debt in the U.S. has nearly doubled since the end of 2007. 
#11 When Barack Obama entered the White House, the U.S. government was 10.6 trillion dollars in debt. Today, the U.S. national debt is currently sitting at a staggering total of $19,842,173,949,869.58 . 
Despite nearly doubling the national debt during his eight years in the White House, Barack Obama is going to be the only president in United States history to never have a single year when U.S. GDP grew by at least three percent. 
So will Donald Trump waltz in and suddenly turn everything around? 
Just like when George W. Bush was elected, there is a lot of optimism about the future right now among Republicans. 
And in 2017, Republicans are going to have control of the Senate and the House in addition to being in control of the White House. 
But does that mean that they will actually get anything done? 
For a moment, let’s review what didn’t happen the last time the Republicans were in this position. The following is an extended excerpt from an article by author Devvy Kidd … —– The Republicans had control of both houses of Congress part of the time during Bush, Jr.’s two terms. Did they lock down our borders? NO. Did they pass legislation to stop ALL funding for illegals which would self-deport millions of liars, cheats and thieves? NO. (READ, please: How to Self-Deport Millions of Illegals ) Did they stop trillions in unconstitutional spending? NO. Did they get rid of any of Clinton’s unconstitutional Executive Orders? One or two but otherwise let Comrade Bill Clinton crap in our faces. Did they get rid of one unconstitutional cabinet like HHS, Department of Education and EPA? NO. Did they stop the unconstitutional foreign aid? NO. Did they stop unconstitutional spending for Planned Parenthood? NO. Congress just continues to use borrowed money to spend more debt. Did they stop unconstitutional spending for the gigantic hoax called global warming or climate change? NO. Trump: The Left Just Lost The War On Climate Change Did Bush, Jr., get us out of all the destructive trade treaties killing American jobs? NO. Did they crack down on visas bringing in tens of thousands of foreign workers when American workers who want to work are left in the unemployment line? NO. Did they stop more and more federal regulations strangling America’s businesses? NO. Did they impeach one single activist judge destroying our freedom and liberty? NO. A Republican controlled Congress with a Republican in the White House and they did virtually NOTHING to restore America to a constitutional republic and constitutional spending. —– 
So will things be any different under a Trump administration? 
We shall see. 
There will be tremendous pressure to maintain the status quo in many instances, because the process of fixing things would undoubtedly make conditions worse in the short-term. 
A great example of this is the national debt. As I discussed yesterday , the only reason why we are able to enjoy such a massively inflated standard of living in this country     federal government started spending only the money that it brought in through taxes, our ridiculous debt-  would begin collapsing immediately. 
We consume far more wealth than we produce, and the only way that we are able to do this is by borrowing insane amounts of money. 
Either Donald Trump will continue to borrow money recklessly, or we will go into a major league economic downturn. 
It really is that simple. 
But when our politicians borrow money, they are literally destroying the future of this country. So the choice is pain in the short-term or greater pain in the long-term. 
There is a way out, and that would involve shutting down the Federal Reserve and going to a completely debt-free form of money, but that is a topic for another article. 
And unfortunately that is not something that is even on Donald Trump’s radar at this point. 
No matter who won the election, the next president was going to be faced with some very harsh economic realities. 
There are many out there that have faith that Donald Trump can pull off an unprecedented economic miracle, but there are others that are deeply skeptical. 
Let us hope for the best, but let us also keep preparing for the worst.",0
1961,Donald Trump: ‘Nobody Believes’ Susan Rice,"President Donald Trump dismissed Susan Rice’s assertion that she did not unmask General Michael Flynn for political reasons. [“Does anybody really believe that?” he asked during an interview with Fox Business host Maria Bartiromo. “Nobody believes that, even the people that try to protect her in the news media. ”  Trump reasserted his claim, adding that he and “so many other people” were the victims of surveillance and boasted that he was correct when he accused the Obama administration of wiretapping his team at Trump Tower. “So many people are coming up to me and apologizing now.   …     Perhaps I didn’t know how right I was,” he said. To defend his claim, Trump again cited the New York Times article with the word “wiretapped” in the headline of the print edition, pointing out that it was a huge story. “What they did was horrible,” he said.",0
1962,Hillary Clinton Would Use SCOTUS Vacancies to Destroy the Constitution,"Email 
Just days before the presidential election, numerous pundits and politicos are weighing in on who the next occupant of the Oval Office might appoint to the Supreme Court should current justices retire during the next presidential term. 
While party affiliation has not shown itself to be a reliable guide to the ideological fidelity of a judge once he's secured a seat on the high court's bench, there are some clues as to what Hillary Clinton might look to accomplish with her appointments should she be sworn in next January. 
First, given her constant claim that she will make sure to ensure the safety of American children by the enactment of ""common sense gun restrictions,"" it is more likely than not that a President Hillary Clinton would seek to seat a pro-confiscation jurist on the Supreme Court. 
Although in 2008 the Supreme Court ruled in favor of protecting individual gun rights from government abridgment, the decision is D.C. v Heller was 5-4 and even a slight shift toward curtailing the exercise of the rights protected by the Second Amendment could seriously threaten the liberty of Americans. 
In fact, there is no doubt how Hillary Clinton will handle the Second Amendment and how judges she nominates will look at the issue. 
Leaked audio from a New York fundraiser makes Clinton's gun control agenda crystal clear: She wants to reinstate her husband's disarmament design. 
“I was proud when my husband took [the National Rifle Association] on, and we were able to ban assault weapons, but he had to put a sunset on it 10 years later. Of course [President George W.] Bush wouldn’t agree to reinstate [the ban],” said Clinton. 
In other words, she wouldn't hesitate to reinstate it if given the chance. 
""We’ve got to go after this. And here again, the Supreme Court is wrong on the Second Amendment. And I am going to make that case every chance I get,"" the Democratic nominee promised. 
During the third presidential debate, Clinton spoke of the Heller decision, saying she ""disagreed with the way the court applied the Second Amendment in that case” and that she would work to get that decision overturned. 
There's another recent Supreme Court ruling   has in her sights: the Citizens United case (Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission ). 
In 2009, the Supreme Court came to a narrow decision in this case, too, ruling 5-4 that ""expenditures by for profit corporations, labor unions and other associations cannot be restricted by government."" 
Hillary Clinton considers this holding, too, to be up for overruling should she move in to the White House in 2017. 
At another debate, Clinton said the Citizens United case ""undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system."" 
In other words, Clinton doesn't want any organization being able to influence U.S. political policy unless they make a substantial donation to the Clinton Foundation first. 
Finally, there is little chance of Roe v. Wade being overturned by a Clinton-appointed Supreme Court and, in fact, the legal prohibition on late-term abortion is likely to be removed during a Hillary Clinton presidential administration. 
The holding in the case of Gonzalez v. Carhart (2007) that retained the restriction on late term abortions will be in the crosshairs during a Clinton presidency as Mrs. Clinton has made it clear that she wants an exception carved out of the ruling in the case of a threat to the health of the mother. 
In its opinion, the Court declared that ""uncertainty [in the medical community] over whether the barred procedure is ever necessary to preserve a woman’s health,"" thus it did not qualify for protection under the Roe v. Wade decision. 
This won't do in the world Clinton and her cronies inhabit, a world where unborn babies are masses of cells and killing babies is a form of birth control. 
During the last presidential debate, Hillary Clinton declared, “I do not think that the United States government should be stepping in and making those most personal of decisions. So you can regulate if you are doing so with the life and the health of the mother taken into account.” 
These decisions are likely only a few of the cases that would come under renewed scrutiny should Hillary Clinton become president. 
While we may not know which decisions Clinton would target, we do know a bit about the philosophy she would employ in the selecting of Supreme Court nominees. During   debate, Clinton explained how the Constitution would figure into the process she would use to identify potential high court justices. When asked about who she would nominate, Clinton explained: You know, I think when we talk about the Supreme Court, it really raises the central issue in this election, namely, what kind of country are we going to be? What kind of opportunities will we provide for our citizens? What kind of rights will Americans have? And I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people, not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy. For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women’s rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system. 
So, along with gun control, free speech, and abortion, Clinton would try to appoint justices that would carry her water and ""uphold"" the ""rights"" of the radical homosexual lobby, among others. 
It isn't surprising that in her answer to the question   certain Supreme Court decisions and how as president she would try to influence them, Hillary Clinton never mentioned the Constitution. 
None of the foregoing analysis of Hillary Clinton's judicial assault on   the fundamental liberties it was written to protect would matter should Americans appreciate the correct constitutionally established relationship among the three branches of the federal government and the absolute sovereignty of the people. 
Take a lesson from Thomas Jefferson, who explained the proper procedure in a letter to Abigail Adams: 
""You seem to think it devolved on the judges to decide on the validity of the sedition law. But nothing in the Constitution has given them a right to decide for the Executive, more than to the Executive to decide for them.” 
Jefferson then told Mrs. Adams that each branch of the general government is “independent in the sphere of action assigned to them.” 
To allow the nine black-robed justices to be the ultimate and unchallengeable arbiter of what is and is not constitutional, Jefferson added, “would make the judiciary a despotic branch.” 
Restoring the Supreme Court back to its intended sphere of influence would take away from any future president the power to permanently and prejudicially undermine   fundamental liberty. 

  Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
1963,CDC Vaccine Whistleblower On Dumping EVIDENCE of AUTISM in the TRASH,"CDC Vaccine Whistleblower On Dumping EVIDENCE of AUTISM in the TRASH Posted on Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » CDC Vaccine Whistleblower On Dumping EVIDENCE of AUTISM in the TRASH 
More is at stake here than the danger of the MMR vaccine. The CDC has done hundreds of key studies on vaccine safety. They are all thrown into doubt by Thompson’s assertion — recently quoted by Congressman Bill Posey on the floor of the Congress—that Thompson and his colleagues brought a garbage can into a CDC office and threw out documents that would have shown the MMR connection to autism. 

My previous article, “CDC commits new vaccine-autism crime,” details the CDC’s refusal to allow its own researcher and chief whistleblower, William Thompson, to testify in a court case involving a boy who was severely damaged by vaccinations. 
TND Guest Contributor: Jon Rappoport 
It’s time to remember William Thompson—again. Here are excerpts from two articles I wrote before the stunning film Vaxxed ( trailer ) was released. Vaxxed is all about Thompson’s revelations and their implications. 
(August 2015) …William Thompson, long-time CDC researcher, publicly admitted he hid evidence that indicted the MMR vaccine for its connection to autism. 
It’s been a year since Thompson publicly accused his colleagues at the CDC of doing the same thing. Two of those colleagues, Frank DeStefano and Collen Boyle, are high-ranking CDC executives in the area of vaccine safety. 
During this past year, mainstream reporters and defenders of the realm have taken two approaches: silence; and vague claims that Thompson’s statements are false. 
Both of these approaches are slimy and disingenuous, because the man we want to hear from is Thompson himself. And we have not. 
We want to hear from him in a public setting, in front of a hearing where he can speak at length, where he can fill in details, where he can air all his claims without censorship. 
At the moment, the possibility of such a hearing is remote, because the US Congress is bought and sold. 
Short of a hearing, we want Thompson to sit down with a reporter and speak on camera, extensively, and submit himself to questions. 
He has said he will not do this. He and his lawyer, Rick Morgan, know there are a number of reporters who will do a proper interview, without edits. I could easily name a dozen reporters who would conduct an in-depth interview, live, online, for the whole world to see. 
What if there never is a full-blooded open Congressional hearing? What then? Will Thompson maintain silence for the rest of his life? 
More is at stake here than the danger of the MMR vaccine. The CDC has done hundreds of key studies on vaccine safety. They are all thrown into doubt by Thompson’s assertion — recently quoted by Congressman Bill Posey on the floor of the Congress— that Thompson and his colleagues brought a garbage can into a CDC office and threw out documents that would have shown the MMR connection to autism. 
This speaks of a massive indifference to human life and safety. 
Thompson should also know, and certainly does know, that Congressional hearings have a way of soft-pedaling accusations against government agencies. There is no guarantee that, in such a setting, he would be able to air his confession and his grievances in full. 
Whereas, in an interview with independent investigators/reporters, he would have complete latitude. Time constraints would not apply. He would be asked for many, many details. The full story, from his point of view, would emerge. 
It is my conclusion that Thompson entered into an arrangement with his bosses at the CDC. After his public confession of a year ago, it was too late to put the genie back in the bottle and cork it. But damage control could be undertaken. 
Thompson could say ( and he did ) t hat he was willing (and only willing) to work with Congress to present the truth. His CDC bosses were confident they could, with the help of powerful friends in government and in the pharmaceutical industry, prevent Congressional investigation and exposure. 
And if Thompson maintained silence otherwise, refusing to talk to reporters, he would be off the hook. 
The CDC assured Thompson that he could continue to work for them and retire and receive his full pension. 
That’s my conclusion. If I’m in error, let Thompson or his lawyer, Rick Morgan, correct me.",0
1964,Google Launches ’Fact Check’ Label for Search Results - Breitbart,"In an effort to combat “fake news,” Google has launched a new feature on their search engine titled “Fact Check” which adds a label to certain links indicating whether they have been confirmed by partisan   Snopes and Politifact. [Mashable reports that this new   feature was already implemented in some countries in October of 2016 but will now be rolled out globally in multiple languages. Now when you search for a news item, you should see results with a tag that states which claim is being   which organization did the   and a summary of the story’s credibility with a “true” or “false” rating.  This feature will also be implemented on Google News, where news articles will be deemed true or false by Snopes and Politifact. Google has also stated that due to the nature of the system, some search results may return conflicting ratings depending on which organization   the story. Google has listed a number of rules for publishers to follow if they want to be included in the program. Google will also only include publishers who are  “algorithmically determined to be an authoritative source of information”. Google also stated in their blog post, “As we make fact checks more visible in Search results, we believe people will have an easier time reviewing and assessing these   and making their own informed opinions. ” Breitbart has detailed why partisan websites such as Snopes and Politifact are unqualified to judge what constitutes “fake news. ” However, many large tech companies such as Google and Facebook are turning to the partisan organizations to determine what should be considered fake news despite the organization’s extremely poor track record of accuracy and basic moral decency. In July of 2016 Politifact attempted to   the grieving mother of a Benghazi victim who spoke at the RNC. When President Trump stated that Hillary Clinton wanted “open borders,” PolitiFact deemed his statement “mostly false,” despite the fact that Clinton herself admitted as much in a private, paid speech to a Brazilian bank on May 16, 2013. “My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders,” she said at the time. Snopes   David Emery let his obvious partisanship be known in December of 2016 when he asked if there were “any   Trump supporters” and tweeted, “Incredibly, some people actually think they have to put words in Trump’s mouth to make him look bad. ” Google and Facebook have now appointed these organizations to act as the arbiters of truth in the digital age with little oversight from any governing body whatsoever. Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
1965,"After Comedy Central Cancellation, Larry Wilmore Signs Deal With ABC - The New York Times","    months after Comedy Central canceled his   TV show, Larry Wilmore has a gig with ABC Studios. Mr. Wilmore will develop scripted material for that   studio, and will work with network executives in helping to recruit talent, ABC said. Exact terms of the multiyear deal were not disclosed. Mr. Wilmore, who was the “senior black correspondent” on “The Daily Show” during Jon Stewart’s tenure, is certainly familiar with ABC. He helped develop the network’s hit comedy “” and was expected to be one of the show’s top producers before being tapped by Comedy Central to host a show in Stephen Colbert’s old time slot. That did not work out. “The Nightly Show With Larry Wilmore” made its debut in January 2015, but Comedy Central canceled it in August because of falling ratings. “Disney took a chance on me as a young writer years ago and so I’m thrilled to return to the Mouse House,” Mr. Wilmore said in a statement. “I hope my room still looks the same. ” Mr. Wilmore is also an executive producer of HBO’s “Insecure,” the Issa Rae comedy that was renewed for a second season this month.",0
1966,"In Betsy DeVos for Education, Trump Taps Into Michigan Royalty - The New York Times","  Donald J. Trump has reached into Western Michigan royalty to pick Betsy DeVos as his education secretary and is looking at Ben Carson to head the Department of Housing and Urban Development. Meantime, Hillary Clinton has widened her lead in the popular vote to 1. 5 percentage points, a spread not seen for a losing candidate since the disputed election of 1876. Mr. Trump’s choice of Betsy DeVos to be his education secretary brings Western Michigan royalty into the Trump fold, but she was not always a fan. Mrs. DeVos sharply criticized Mr. Trump during the campaign, and spent much of the year raising money for other Republicans on the ballot. “Until we have a better reason to embrace and support the top of the ticket, and see an agenda that is truly an opportunity agenda, then we have lots of other options in which to invest and spend our time helping,” she said in May. The DeVos family, heirs to the Amway fortune, has long been a leading source of money for Republicans in Michigan and beyond. Just in the last three elections before 2016, members of the family gave nearly $9. 5 million to party committees and candidates. Mrs. DeVos had money of her own before she married Richard DeVos Jr. the Amway scion. Her father, Edgar Prince, built his own auto parts supplier, in Holland, Mich. Her brother, Erik Prince, founded Blackwater USA, a private security contractor whose guards were convicted of killing 14 civilians in Baghdad in 2007. The National Education Association, the nation’s largest teachers’ union, was quick to voice its opposition to Ms. DeVos. With nominees chosen for C. I. A. national security adviser, secretary of education and ambassador to the United Nations, the next pick is expected to be the retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson to head the Department of Housing and Urban Development. That could be official as early as Friday. Mr. Trump posted on Twitter that he was “seriously considering” Mr. Carson, a former rival in the Republican primaries, as housing secretary. The department is no small corner of the government. Its programs fund public housing, subsidize rent for the poor, promote homeownership and work to revitalize struggling cities. And housing policy has been in a deep freeze since the Great Recession, when the nominally independent mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac collapsed and fell under federal control. For nearly a decade, the mortgage industry has basically been government run, with much of its profits going right into the Treasury. Mr. Carson would have a big role in figuring out how to move forward. Writing in the conservative Washington Times last year, Mr. Carson let it be known that he is no fan of government intervention in the housing market, specifically to force racial integration. With new votes tallied from New Jersey, Illinois, Maryland and California, Mrs. Clinton’s popular vote lead reached 2, 017, 563 overnight, prompting new calls for an audit of voting machines in battleground states. Mrs. Clinton’s lead now exceeds the winning percentages of seven presidents, five of whom also won the Electoral College. And it has given rise to a push from liberal activists to demand audits in three states won narrowly by Mr. Trump: Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania. The University of Michigan computer scientist J. Alex Halderman posted an extensive explanation on Wednesday. Nate Cohn, who wrote of voter projections and analyzed polls for The New York Times, isn’t buying it. Mainly, it would seem, Mrs. Clinton’s record losing lead is pointing toward a structural disadvantage Democrats have with the Electoral College: Their voters are too concentrated in the bright blue states of the West Coast and Northeast. Democrats have now won the popular vote in six of the last seven presidential elections, but lost two of them (Al Gore in 2000, and Mrs. Clinton) in the Electoral College. After the   created when Ivanka Trump Fine Jewelry started hawking a bracelet worn by Ms. Trump during a “60 Minutes” appearance as part of the new first family, Ivanka    and     are beginning to disengage. At least on Instagram, Facebook and elsewhere. On Monday, a public letter from Ivanka Trump HQ noted (in part): The separation follows another public letter from the designer Sophie Theallet announcing that she would refrain from dressing Melania Trump and encouraging her fellow designers to do the same. One more such open missive and we will have a new fashion trend. When Anthony Scaramucci, the hedge fund titan and Trump adviser, floated Elton John as an inauguration performer to The New York Post, the singer’s response was swift: No way. He did, after all, say in October, “We need a humanitarian in the White House, not a barbarian. ” Pity. Mr. Scaramucci was counting on the diversity statement, telling The Post:   Trump has chosen Gov. Nikki Haley of South Carolina, the daughter of Indian immigrants, to be his ambassador to the United Nations, the transition team announced Wednesday. Mr. Trump, whose presidential run was buoyed by an uncompromising stance against immigration, has mostly chosen older white men for cabinet posts in assembling his new team. Her move would eventually elevate South Carolina’s lieutenant governor, Henry McMaster, an early and vocal supporter of Mr. Trump’s. Ms. Haley backed Senator Marco Rubio of Florida during the primaries. Mr. Trump arrived on Tuesday night in Florida to celebrate Thanksgiving at his private club,    in Palm Beach, a visit intended to give the   some time with his family, and he isn’t planning a packed schedule for Wednesday. But officials familiar with the transition process say that he will be busy deliberating his cabinet selections and may announce a domestic appointment before taking a quick break from work. The trip is the first time since Mr. Trump was elected president that he has visited his Florida club, which played host to a few primary night victory parties. President Obama will, for the last time, take part on Wednesday in one of our country’s odder Thanksgiving traditions: the annual pardoning of the turkeys at the White House. Two turkeys, named Tater and Tot, will get the ritual absolution and move on to a nice home at Virginia Tech, even though only one of them will become the official national Thanksgiving turkey. It will be up to President Trump to do the honors  —   or not, should he choose otherwise  —   next year. Democrats will try to weigh in legislatively on Mr. Trump’s business holdings next week. Senator Benjamin L. Cardin of Maryland, the senior Democrat on the Foreign Affairs Committee, says he will introduce a “sense of Congress” resolution stating that the new president should convert his substantial holdings in a way to avoid entanglements with foreign governments. If he does not do so, or unless Congress specifically authorizes his conduct, Mr. Trump would be considered in potential violation of the Constitution. The resolution is unlikely to see the light of day in the   Senate, but it will be part of what is expected to be a   effort by Democrats to shine a light on the  ’s business dealings. As Mrs. Clinton’s lead in the popular vote grows, some of her most ardent supporters are clinging to hope that she could still win the election. A Change. org petition has garnered more than four million signatures urging Electoral College “electors” in some states to ignore the will of the voters and back Mrs. Clinton, reminding them that they could do so without any legal penalty. The electors will cast their ballots on Dec. 19. On Twitter, the hashtags #auditthevote and #audittheelection have become rallying cries for supporters of Mrs. Clinton who are directing people to flood the Justice Department with telephone calls about voting irregularities. The push is also taking place on Facebook, where calls are growing for a full investigation into Russia’s role in the election. Even the sister of Huma Abedin, a top aide to Mrs. Clinton, weighed in, noting the tantalizingly slim margin that Mrs. Clinton would need to make up in three swing states  —   Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania  —   to come out on top in the Electoral College. “They are starting to recognize there really is something off about the election results as they come in,” Heba Abedin wrote. “Considering everything that is at stake, a vote audit should be done. ”",0
1967,Trump or Clinton - Life or Death,"Print There will be no end to History until there is an end to events. Current events are the History of the future. However, History can be lost. People can ignore their past, live only in the now, and leave their future to chance. History provides the opportunity to learn from the mistakes of others, as well as the chance to build upon what others have learned. To ignore these two paths to success gives life to the notion that failure to plan is planning to fail. All Americans should cherish their History. We left a known and secure world for a new one. We turned an untamed land into one bustling with enterprise and development. We stood against the world’s greatest superpower to assert that all men are created equal and are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights and that among them are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We made it through a sectarian war and clawed our way from the outskirts of an Atlantic culture to the pinnacle of global dominance. Our industry, our education, our health care system, our culture , and our military became the epitome of western civilization and the envy of the entire world. There was a time in America when every child was infused with the story of America rising from nothing to the apex of power, a time when everyone was taught in Civics class about the declaration of Independence, the Constitution, and the melting pot that made us the embodiment of E pluribus unum : out of many, one. Today, after the Progressives and that destroyer of education, the Department of Education, has worked for generations to dumb us down from individuals using personal freedom to succeed to induhviduals using a pack mentality to follow the herd to a ride in the entitlement hammock . Now, we glory in being a smelting pot where the cheerleaders of fragmentation parrot, “Diversity is our strength,” as we unravel into warring factions. Hyphenated Americans of every color, creed, and ethnicity now jockey for their place in the queue as government goodies are doled out to preferred groups. Where we are today: A culture of death swallows a culture of life. A terminally ill Californian woman determined to be with her four young children for as long as she could was reportedly denied an expensive chemotherapy treatment — but won approval for a lethal drug to legally end her life. We even have a presidential candidate who says we have to ban guns to save the children, yet we need to keep partial birth abortions legal to kill the babies, and no one in the media has the insight or the integrity to call her on it. Not only is New York’s Sixth Crime Family guilty of pay to play, they are also guilty of bribe to walk: The charge - A Hillary Clinton ally donated almost $500,000 to the campaign of the wife of an FBI official who helped oversee the agency's probe of Clinton's email server. The particulars - Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a longtime ally of Bill and Hillary Clinton, donated almost $500,000 to the campaign of Dr. Jill McCabe, wife of Federal Bureau of Investigation deputy director Andrew McCabe. A serial liar, unindicted co-conspirator with a notoriously philandering husband is going to win the votes of millions of low information voters, government dependents, and dead people. Early voting has started, and not only is the expected fraud showing up immediately, the imported voters are turning out en mass for open borders and an end to America as America: Residents of at least two cities in Texas are complaining that they voted for Donald Trump , only to see the voting machine switch their ballot to Hillary Clinton . And illegal immigrants have been caught on tape stuffing ballot boxes during early voting. Corruption is accepted as the norm in today’s America, with a totally corrupt Hillary Clinton presented as a viable presidential candidate. Bill Clinton’s type of lewd behavior, once considered unacceptable, is swept under the rug as our culture sinks to its lowest common denominator. Life is being swallowed by death, and a shining city on the hill is being remade into a squalid third world hell hole that will use our grandchildren as beasts of burden to support the human debris of failed states. The America of “Give us liberty or give us death” has morphed into “Give me bread and circuses.” Throw a six pack over the fence and beam a game to the flat screen and the descendants of the pioneers are ready to roll over and cash their next government check. This may be the trail chosen for us by the blind guides of the left. This may be the end of western civilization and the death of life conjured up by the globalist puppet masters who pull the strings in this final act of the Progressive Putsch; however, I choose another way. I choose to vote for Donald Trump. I choose to vote for America first. Two things ring in my mind as I contemplate this election: “ I call heaven and earth as witnesses today against you, that I have set before you life and death, blessing and cursing; therefore choose life, that both you and your descendants may live; 20 that you may love the Lord your God, that you may obey His voice, and that you may cling to Him, for He is your life and the length of your days; and that you may dwell in the land which the Lord swore to your fathers, to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, to give them.” And “ And if it seems evil to you to serve the Lord, choose for yourselves this day whom you will serve, whether the gods which your fathers served that were on the other side of the River, or the gods of the Amorites, in whose land you dwell. But as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.” shares",0
1968,Prince’s Heels Elevated Him as a Style Icon - The New York Times,"In February, during New York Fashion Week, the audience at the Hood by Air show had a “moment,” one of those rare shocks that jolt you out of your catwalk stupor and stick with you long after the lights have dimmed. It came courtesy of a model named Hirakish, who careened down the runway in a   suit and spiky   bootees, and who proceeded to go   and to spend the rest of the show running in and out of the stands, interrupting other models’ struts and otherwise joyfully, and challengingly, sticking his   feet in our faces. I thought of this on Thursday when the news came that Prince Rogers Nelson, the diminutive musician with the oversize talent, had died. Unlike David Bowie, another musical icon who recently passed away, Prince was not often   by designers as a collection reference. Though fashion played a big part in his image, as the many slide shows making their way around cyberspace attest, and though he made a surprise guest appearance in 2007 at Matthew Williamson’s 10th anniversary show, serenading the attendees and grinding with dancers and models (as one of the attendees, I can tell you, that was another “moment”) he wasn’t a   aesthetic inspiration. Prince refused to adhere to genres in clothing, just as he refused to adhere to genres in music, which meant he tended to ooze into the designer imagination, instead of immediately leaping to mind. But in the way he assumed the tropes of kitsch femininity  —   lace, ruffles, sequins, peekaboo and high heels  —   and transformed them into the vehicles of an    masculine sex appeal, Prince had enormous influence. Most of which can be summed up by the shoe. The high heel was the   of his wardrobe for the four decades he was in the public eye, the consistent base upon which he layered all sorts of style and character changes. Prince wore heels when he barely wore anything at all (just bikini bottoms and a trench coat) he wore them in “Purple Rain” and with baroque brocade he paired them with pastel suits,     jumpsuits he wore them with white hippie tunics at Coachella and slinky metallic gold at the Grammys he wore them offstage, out to dinner in Sweden in 2013, and, according to Mike Tyson’s memoir, “Undisputed Truth,” to play basketball. He wore them so much that there were rumors he needed hip surgery. And he wore them, he said, not because he wanted to be taller, but because “women like ’em. ” He wore them as they were originally designed to be worn, as demonstrated in “Standing Tall,” an exhibition last year at the Bata Shoe Museum in Toronto about men in high heels: as an expression of power and privilege reserved for male royalty, and only later   by women in the 17th and 18th centuries. It made some sense. His name, after all, was Prince. And in doing so  —   in wearing them so regularly, unapologetically (he did not hide behind the acceptably masculine heels of cowboy boots) and effectively  —   he transformed the idea of men in heels to possibility from joke. On women, heels suggest sex Prince showed they could function the same way for men. It is a meaningful part of the equation that has added up to the current trend toward gender fluidity in fashion. Which, let’s face it, really means men in women’s wear, since women have been borrowing from men’s wear for decades. Put another way: There was Prince, and then there was Hedi Slimane’s fall 2015 men’s wear show for Saint Laurent, with its   heels the heels in the men’s wear collections of Rick Owens and Gareth Pugh (and Hood by Air) and the black velvet midcalf heeled boots Kanye West wore in Paris last year, to name just some examples. In the end, his shoes were, as Prince once sang, a sign o’ the times.",0
1969,A Small Guard Upends UConn and ‘Breathes a Little Life’ Into Her Sport - The New York Times,"DALLAS  —   Mississippi State lists its starting point guard, Morgan William, as 5 feet 5 inches. It is a matter of generosity more than accuracy. “We need to ” Coach Vic Schaefer said amusedly, “because I’m pretty sure she ain’t the 5 on the second part of that. ” No matter. William, the shortest player on the court, made the biggest play of the national semifinals late Friday. Her   jump shot at the buzzer in overtime defeated Connecticut,   in an epic upset that halted the Huskies’   winning streak and ended their chance of a fifth consecutive N. C. A. A. championship. “I was in shock I’m still in shock,” William, who had 13 points and 6 assists, said half an hour after the game. “I’m over here like, dang, I just won the game. ” It was a startling moment of release for William in a career forged by the doubts of others, bereavement, injury, newfound assurance and a remarkably close bond with her coach. And it was a rousing moment of liberation for the N. C. A. A. in the 36th year that it has sponsored a women’s basketball tournament. UConn and Tennessee  —   with 19 national titles between them  —   have provided reliable and appreciated greatness. Their success has given women’s basketball groundbreaking visibility and legitimacy. And now the sport has another luminous moment that many observers felt it needed: not certainty but mystery. A surprise ending, a   revelation, a champion dethroned. A stunning instant that will be replayed for as long as games are won in a final astonishment. A woman hitting a late shot and her face blooming in jubilant disbelief and her teammates engulfing her in an ecstatic pile. “I think the fun of the men’s game is the parity, and the fun of the N. C. A. A. tournament is the upsets,” said Muffet McGraw, the longtime women’s coach at Notre Dame, which won the 2001 N. C. A. A. title and reached the final in four of the previous six seasons. “You hear about a lot of different teams on the men’s side you know about a lot of different players,” McGraw said. Referring to UConn, she added, “I think it gets boring for some people to watch and say, ‘Eh, they’re going to win.’ You want to see a great game. When the Yankees dominated, when the Celtics dominated, they still lost games. ” But with the Huskies, she said, “Nobody comes close. ” Well, hardly ever. UConn had not lost a game since Nov. 17, 2014. No team had seriously threatened this season since the Huskies escaped the opener in November by 2 points at Florida State. But there was something personal about Mississippi State’s determination on Friday after it had lost to the Huskies by 60 points  —   60 points  —   in the 2016 tournament. “I feel like we earned respect,” William said. “People didn’t believe in us, but it didn’t faze us. ” On Sunday, in the national title game, Mississippi State ( ) will face a familiar opponent: South Carolina ( ) a fellow member of the Southeastern Conference. One university will win its first national title, bringing hope to other aspirants and confirmation that women’s basketball has been steadily and broadly improving in UConn’s shadow, even if it was not always apparent to a general audience. “It breathes a little life into women’s basketball, knowing that it’s not the same old, same old, same old UConn,” said Dawn Staley, the South Carolina coach. “It’s been a beautiful thing to watch, but it’s great to know somebody else is going to win the national championship, and it’s not like you just tear the Velcro off and stick UConn back up. ” By early Saturday afternoon, the shock of Friday for William had been replaced by preparation for Sunday’s championship game. “I’m just trying to stay levelheaded,” she said. “We still have business to take care of. I can’t get the big head just yet. We beat UConn, but we haven’t got the ring or cut down the nets, nothing like that. ” For William, 20, a junior from Birmingham, Ala. her awakening during this tournament has been a validation of her skill and a rebuke to the countless people who told her she was too short to play major college basketball. After averaging 9. 6 points for her career, William scored 41 in a regional final a week ago against Baylor. And then she dribbled three times to the right of the lane just before overtime expired on Friday and hit a   jumper, sending Mississippi State’s players and fans into delirium. In that moment, William did what every child who ever played basketball in the driveway or shot at a hoop nailed to a barn has dreamed of and rehearsed  —   counting the time down, hitting the winning shot and hearing the crowd erupt with the sound of something decisive and astounding. “Sometimes all it takes is one kid to go into a completely different zone, and they can carry a team through an entire tournament,” UConn Coach Geno Auriemma said. “It happens. That kid averaged 9 points a game during the season. This isn’t the regular season. She doesn’t have to do it for the next five months. ” Just for one more night. “That’s a whole different dynamic,” he said. Auriemma met William at a Final Four banquet on Wednesday night and said he told her: “That’s what the N. C. A. A. tournament’s all about, for kids to throw themselves into the national spotlight. It’s the chance of a lifetime, and you’re taking advantage of it. ” But her career has not followed the same smooth arc as her winning shot on Friday. When William was a senior in high school in Birmingham in 2014, her stepfather, Donnie Rory, died of a heart attack. He had played football at Samford University in Alabama and had encouraged his stepdaughter to play basketball. She could play in the S. E. C. he told her, and could be the best point guard in the conference. “Every time I play basketball, I think about him,” William said. “He put the ball in my hand when I was 3, and I ran from there. ” At Mississippi State, she found the understanding of Schaefer, who had lost both his parents. William rooms with Schaefer’s daughter, Blair, a reserve guard on the team, and often eats dinner at the Schaefer household. “Because of what she’s been through, I try to provide that stability whenever necessary, because she’s away from home,” Vic Schaefer said. “I love all my kids. But there’s always a special place in my heart for any young person who has had to go through dealing with losing a parent. ” Last season, as a sophomore, William played with what she called a stress fracture in her right tibia. Schaefer called it a “crack. ” William wore a protective covering over her leg, but she admitted to playing timidly in the   loss to UConn. “I didn’t cry because we played so bad,” she said. After the season, the injury did not heal. So William underwent surgery, and a rod was inserted into her leg. “I’m back to myself,” she said. This season, she has played more aggressively and confidently. On Friday, when Mississippi State called a timeout to set up its final play with the score tied at 64, Schaefer told William, “Mo, you’re about to win the game. ” She did, and on the UConn bench, Auriemma flashed a droll smile. “It was almost like, ‘Of course, of course it’s going to go in,’” Auriemma said. “She’s had an amazing run so far. ” Afterward, William said that Auriemma told her, “You deserve everything that’s coming your way. ” She took it to mean one thing: “Go win it all. ”",0
1970,USA – China: Who Is Responsible for North Korean Nuclear Weapons Programme Development? | New Eastern Outlook,"Country: China North Korea’s announcements of the completion of its Nuclear Weapons Development Programme have caused an outburst of discussion on “who is to blame”. More accurately, it concerns who is primarily responsible for the escalation of the situation to its current level. Against the backdrop of growing USA-China opposition, now Beijing has even been accused this, with accusations varying from “did nothing, although it could” to “actively assisted”. Let’s start with statements made by US presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. On October 13, 2016 the Associated Press, referring to WikiLeaks, reported that in June, 2013, during a lecture to Goldman Sachs officials, Hillary Clinton pointed out that the Chinese People’s Liberation Army is the main sponsor of North Korea. It was at that time when she stated her position – if Beijing is not able to keep North Korea from creating an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of carrying nuclear weapons, the USA may encircle China with a ring of missile defence systems and naval bases. Sankei Shimbun (Japan) quotes the US Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter: “China is a primarily responsible for North Korea’s current actions. It covers up the dangerous behaviour of this country”. It presents readers with the idea that Beijing is engaged in an obvious plot. Having been on the receiving end of criticism from Washington for its great-power policy, it has decided respond in this way. As proof, the Japanese refer to Chosun Ilbo, which reported that, according to a former employee of the United States Defense Intelligence Agency, Bruce Vector, whose opinion was published on September 1, the North Korean rocket is an exact copy of the Chinese Tszyuylan-1 two-stage solid-propellant ballistic missile, which is designed to be placed on submarines. Giving a lecture at the Seoul National University, the United States Deputy Secretary of State, Tony Blinken, also announced that the North Korean economy can not be discussed without mentioning China. Pyongyang is totally dependent on cooperation with Beijing, so China is particularly responsible for the implementation of sanctions against North Korea. The goal of such accusations is to force China to be “more constructive.” Meanwhile, Chinese politicians constantly state that the Nuclear Issue on the Korean Peninsula is not caused by Beijing’s actions, and China cannot wave a magic wand and resolve the situation. The roots of the issue stem from conflicts between the USA and North Korea, and it is America who should demonstrate a constructive approach. On September 12, 2016, China’s Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying, noted that the core of the Nuclear Issue on the Korean Peninsula is in the conflict between the USA and North Korea, and it is America who should take responsibility. “We once again call upon all the parties to look at the overall situation, to act with caution, to avoid mutual provocations, as well as to jointly promote denuclearization, and to make real efforts to achieve peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula”, said the Chinese diplomat, noting that the current situation is testament to the real importance and urgency of returning to the six-party negotiations as soon as possible . On September 14, 2016, American suggestions that China should actively participate in isolating North Korea were rejected in Renmin Ribao Newspaper ( China ). The newspaper states that the prime responsibility for the current situation cannot be placed on North Korea, but on the United States. On September 21, in his speech at the UN, the Prime Minister of China, Li Keqiang, also did not mention sanctions. On November 2, 2016, Hua Chunying once again announced that it is not possible to achieve the fundamental solution of the Nuclear Issue on the Korean Peninsula by sanctions and pressure alone. Commenting on the recent meeting of the heads of delegations from the USA and the Republic of Korea at the six-party negotiations, during which there were repeated calls to tighten sanctions and increase pressure against North Korea in the hope that the new resolution of the UN Security Council would introduce the forced restriction of North Korean coal exports, Hua Chunying said that the UN Security Council was considering and discussing the North Korean nuclear issue. However, a substantial part of UN Security Council Resolution 2270 refers to the need to resume the six-party negotiations and to seek to reduce tension in North-East Asia via political and diplomatic means. This is how a meaningful solution to the North Korean nuclear issue can be found . Two days later, on November 4, she stated that the deployment of the US Missile Defense System on the Korean Peninsula would undermine the strategic balance of forces in the region, and Beijing reserves the right to take the necessary measures to protect its own safety. The actions of the USA run contrary to the efforts to ensure peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula, said Hua Chunying, calling on relevant parties to take China’s legitimate concerns into account. The heart of China’s policy is both the THAAD issue (seen by China as aimed at containing its missile capabilities) and the broader perception that US military preparations against North Korea are actually directed against China. As a result, despite a number of serious differences between the countries, relations between Beijing and Pyongyang are based on the principle of “the enemy of my enemy is my friend”. It is easier to support North Korea, rather than risking more serious consequences that may occur if it were pressed too hard. China’s willingness to investigate illegal trade links between a number of Chinese companies and North Korea shows that “the window is not completely closed”, and it can be seen as an attempt to weaken US efforts to impose sanctions against Chinese companies that do legal business with North Korea. China and North Korea are simultaneously expanding economic cooperation despite the effects of international sanctions. According to the Rodong Sinmun newspaper, the third meeting of the Intergovernmental Commission of North Korea and China was held in Pyongyang on October 25 where border issues were discussed. The Chinese party headed by the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs – Liu Zhenmin, and the North Korean – the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs – Pak Myong-guk. Organising a new border crossing was discussed as a bridge between Sinuiju city (North Korea) and Hunchun city (China) was built this September. In addition, in the near future a bridge between Sinuiju city and Dandong city (China) will be opened. Besides, the trade turnover between North Korea and China in the third quarter of this year increased by 3.4% compared to the same period of last year. The Chinese are building new warehouses and offices in the Rason Special Economic Zone which means an inflow of investments. The import of cars from North Korea into China increased sharply. The import of Chinese rice also increased. According to the Customs Administration of China, in September 2016 18,477 tons of grain crops were delivered from China to North Korea. This is 2.7 times higher than in August, and 6 times higher than last September. In September, 16 thousand tons of rice were imported (2 thousand tons more than from January to August). Although South Korean experts explain this fact by the decision made by the North Korean leadership to stabilize prices for rice, as rice stocks in the past year have worn thin, any fact related to North Korea has been solely considered a sign of imminent starvation and collapse for some time now. In general, while one party is accusing the other and bearing its weapons, the other is looking for ways to resolve the issue, which clearly shows who could encourage dialogue but does not want to do so. Konstantin Asmolov, Ph.D. in History, Chief Research Fellow at the Center for Korean Studies of the Institute of Far Eastern Studies of the Russian Academy of Sciences, exclusively for the online magazine “ New Eastern Outlook. ” 
",0
1971,U.S. Open Quieted Those Calling for a Roof. Now It Faces a Louder Problem. - The New York Times,"The United States Open added a new $150 million retractable roof before this year’s tournament, so fans inside Arthur Ashe Stadium no longer need umbrellas. They might, however, need earplugs. Fans at the U. S. T. A. Billie Jean King National Tennis Center in Flushing Meadows have long been more raucous than those at the sport’s usually staid tournaments. But the retractable roof structure has produced new and unforeseen noise issues: Voices of fans in the upper reaches of Arthur Ashe Stadium, the showcase for the Open’s marquee matches, are reverberating off the roof and can be heard loudly and clearly down on the court during play. The U. S. Open trailed behind the Australian Open and Wimbledon in adding retractable roofs to allow play to continue during rain, long a disrupter of tennis. The rain stays out now, but the noise stays in  —   creating an echo chamber and a much louder experience for everyone. “Ladies and gentlemen, please, your voices are carrying to the court,” the chair umpire Eva   told the crowd Thursday night in one of her many pleas for silence.   has had to tamp down the noise at Ashe before. During last year’s men’s final, she deftly managed a rowdy   Federer crowd that had turned on his opponent, Novak Djokovic, the eventual champion. But during the first week of the tournament this year,   and other umpires have needed to manage even   matches with repeated requests for silence and stillness. Even those announcements  —   and player interviews before and after matches  —   have been difficult to hear. The tournament that once rerouted air traffic from La Guardia Airport to create a more pastoral soundscape now has flawed acoustics. Even with the roof open, the structure still has enough reflective surface to generate cascading waves of sound. “I didn’t feel silence at any moment,” Garbiñe Muguruza said after her   loss with the roof open. “It was continuously a noise. I think it’s very big, this stadium, also. It’s kind of echo. It’s just like continuously. ” Putting a cover on top of Ashe Stadium was an architectural and engineering challenge because the stadium sits on marshy land. But after years of deflecting pressure to build a roof that would prevent the almost inevitable rain delays, the United States Tennis Association relented. But the solution to one problem has made another one more acute. With a capacity of 23, 771, Ashe Stadium can hold nearly 9, 000 more people than two other showcase courts with retractable roofs: Centre Court at Wimbledon and Rod Laver Arena at the Australian Open. And the concretelike hardcourts at the U. S. Open only magnify the problem. At most stadium sporting events, loudness is welcome, or even encouraged. At basketball arenas, football stadiums and baseball parks, video boards frequently implore, “Let’s make some noise!” In tennis, cheering is acceptable after points, but fans are expected to be quiet in the moments leading up to the action and the time during play. Fan behavior at Ashe Stadium has always been unusual when compared with the three other Grand Slam tournaments  —   the Australian Open, the French Open and Wimbledon. At the hallowed ground of Centre Court at Wimbledon, talking aloud during a point would probably get fans ejected. Francesca Castelli, a brand manager from London, said the music inside Ashe seemed louder than last year, perhaps because of the roof. But she blamed noisy fans more than the roof for the cacophony during points. “When play is on, it’s on,” she said, “so just shut up. It’s disrespectful to the players. But I suppose when it rains, everyone will be happy that the roof is there. ” But in the upper reaches of cavernous Ashe Stadium, fans never had to worry about their chatter affecting the play on the court. It is not unusual for fans to talk on cellphones in the middle of a match without getting shushed. There is an added dimension to the din that is unique to the Open among Grand Slam tournaments: the 90 luxury suites that circle the stadium. Their occupants, who often include celebrities and guests at corporate events, are often more interested in partying than    and the owners of the suites pay top dollar. That most of the matches in Ashe Stadium, while   have been routs may also have driven fans to distraction. Daniel Heischrek, a Swiss sports reporter, said he enjoyed the noisy atmosphere and even felt comfortable making a cellphone call during a match. “I think it’s part of the U. S. Open,” he said. “It’s New York. I mean, New York without noise wouldn’t be New York. It’s not Zurich, you know?” The increased noise presents a challenge to the television broadcaster ESPN, which employs software to learn, detect and even remove the din of sustained noises like the air ventilation system. But crowd noise is less predictable. “You want to get the blend of what the crowd influence might be, but not to the detriment of what the package is,” said an ESPN vice president, Jamie Reynolds. U. S. T. A. officials say it is too early to call the noise a problem. Gordon Smith, the U. S. T. A.’s executive director, said that the players and the fans would have to adjust to the new conditions, and that although many players have commented on the noise levels, few have outwardly complained. “The noise level in Ashe will be a discussion point after the 2016 tournament, for sure,” said Chris Widmaier, a spokesman for the U. S. T. A. “We will gather all the data and address what, if anything, needs to be done. ” Indeed, by Friday night, there were signs that fans may have already been sufficiently chastened by the umpires’ rebukes. The sound level was not quite as troublesome during Rafael Nadal’s   victory over Andrey Kuznetsov,       though there were moments when Nadal paused for the din to subside. John Storyk, an architect and acoustician who helped build Jimi Hendrix’s Electric Lady Studio in Manhattan in 1969, is an expert on noise control in venues large and small. His company, Walter Storyk Design Group, helped fashion the acoustic atmosphere at three venues at the Rio Olympics, including the Maracanã stadium. He said there were steps that could still be taken to dampen or absorb sound. “We’ve made a fortune fixing restaurants,” he said. “They don’t pay attention to it until someone complains. When someone complains, they call us. ” He has not seen the new roof and stressed that he did not know the specifics of the situation. But in general, he said, the first step would be to take measurements of what is happening when the roof is open and when it is closed, with people inside the stadium and when it is empty. “Once you have the data, then comes the art,” he said. “You have to determine how much absorptive material and where to put it. ”",0
1972,Australia Is Not as Down Under as Everyone Thinks It Is - The New York Times,"SYDNEY, Australia  —   That map of Australia you have? It’s wrong. And the whole country is going to officially relocate to correct the error. The trouble is caused by plate tectonics, the shifting of big chunks of the earth’s surface. Australia happens to be on one of the   pieces of all, and by geological standards it’s practically flying: about 2. 7 inches northward a year, with a slight clockwise rotation as well. People on the ground may not notice, but the Global Positioning System does. So Australia needs to adjust its longitudes and latitudes so they line up with GPS coordinates. Four times in the last 50 years, Australia has reset the official coordinates of everything in the country to make them more accurate, correcting for other sources of error as well as continental drift. The last adjustment, in 1994, was a doozy: about 656 feet, enough to give the delivery driver an alibi for ringing your neighbor’s doorbell instead of yours. “You might think, ‘Where’s my pizza? ’” said Dan Jaksa of Geoscience Australia, the government agency that worries about the coordinates. But something bigger is at stake, he said: intelligent transportation systems that rely on the finer accuracy that will come with the next generation of GPS technology. The next adjustment, due at the end of the year, will be about 1. 5 meters (4. 9 feet)  —   not really enough of a discrepancy to throw off   satellite navigation systems, which are generally accurate only to within 15 to 30 feet. But the next generation of GPS devices, using both satellites and ground stations, will be accurate to within an inch or less, and new technologies that depend on precise location will be important to Australia’s future. The mining company Rio Tinto already has 71 immense ore trucks rumbling around iron mines in the remote Pilbara region of Western Australia that are guided remotely from an office in Perth, 930 miles away. Pilots who patrol the Anna Creek cattle ranch in South Australia must pick out small water bores in the ranch’s 8, 880 square miles of dry pasture, an area larger than Israel, where small errors can equate to big misses. “If we get a new pilot, he’s relying on GPS until he finds his way around landmarks,” said the ranch manager, Norm Sims. Not to mention driverless cars. “If you’re 1. 5 meters out,” Mr. Jaksa said, “you’re potentially on the wrong side of the road. ”",0
1973,7 Tory horror film posters to send a chill down your spine this Halloween,"Next Swipe left/right 7 Tory horror film posters to send a chill down your spine this Halloween In case Halloween isn’t scary enough, here are seven films made even more terrifying by the addition of Tories.
1.",0
1975,Pennsylvania Attorney General Quits on Heels of Perjury Conviction - The New York Times,"Even by Pennsylvania’s unbuttoned standards, it was a scandal of exhausting length and tawdriness, a seemingly endless parade of pornography, personal and political vendettas, smear tactics, barely veiled threats, conspiracy and  . So when the state’s attorney general, Kathleen G. Kane, announced on Tuesday that she was resigning, one day after her conviction for perjury and conspiracy, among other charges, even her supporters might have been excused for welcoming a sense of closure. Except that the scandal is not closed, not yet. More than two years after it began, the Kane affair may have a few more shoes to drop from its   closet of improprieties. Ms. Kane, who had weathered indictment, the loss of her law license, threats of State House impeachment and Senate removal and a plea to resign from her fellow Democrat, Gov. Tom Wolf, said she would leave office on Wednesday, less than three months before voters will choose her successor. The announcement followed a jury’s decision to convict her on nine criminal charges, saying she had leaked secret grand jury information to a newspaper to discredit a rival prosecutor, Frank Fina, and then lied about it under oath. The first deputy attorney general, Bruce Castor, who has in effect run Ms. Kane’s office the last few months, said Tuesday that investigators were still working on the most lurid aspect of the scandal: a trove of lewd pictures and sexist and racist comments that Ms. Kane discovered when she exhumed emails of her Republican predecessor’s staff. He said that a law firm that Ms. Kane had hired to sift through the emails was flummoxed by the sheer number of them  —   13 million, later winnowed to seven million by tossing out the correspondence of   officials. The emails, which did not come up at Ms. Kane’s trial but some of which have trickled out of her office, have led to the resignation of two State Supreme Court justices and a bevy of other officials, with the prospect of more embarrassment to come. Douglas P. Gansler, the lawyer hired to lead the investigation, said Tuesday that he expected to release a report on the inquiry “in the next few weeks. ” The chairman of the state Democratic Party, Marcel Groen, said Tuesday that he believed the most salacious correspondence had already become public  —   and then, in an indication of just how dire the scandal has been, suggested that the emails were the lesser of the problems. “There’s a difference between inappropriate behavior by elected officials and illegal behavior,” he said. “I think the emails are inappropriate, and they’re wrong, but I don’t think they’re illegal, per se. ” They nevertheless played a starring role in the affair. And they may turn out to be Ms. Kane’s last word in a scandal that began with her desire to ruin a competitor, and wound up destroying her own career. Ms. Kane, 50, was hailed at the state’s most promising politician when she became the first Democrat to be elected attorney general in 2012. But she antagonized her Republican predecessor by opening an investigation into his office’s handling of the   scandal at Penn State. After an article in The Philadelphia Inquirer suggested that she had improperly shut down a sting operation that had documented payments accepted by several   Democrats, Ms. Kane concluded that Mr. Fina, who was deeply involved in the Penn State case, had smeared her. She struck back, giving The Philadelphia Daily News grand jury documents that left the impression Mr. Fina had mishandled a 2009 inquiry into grants given another politician. Mr. Fina demanded a criminal investigation of the grand jury leak, and that led to Ms. Kane’s indictment, followed by an extraordinary   defense in which she claimed to have been framed by an “old boys’ group” that was involved in the email imbroglio  —   and wanted to stop more emails from surfacing. The scandal plumbed the depths of skulduggery in a state whose record of corruption is not proud. In one instance, an aide to Ms. Kane was convicted of intercepting email traffic from the grand jury investigating her. In another, Mr. Fina was found to have secured a court order barring Ms. Kane from releasing any “personal” emails. At another low point, the state’s chief justice was accused of trying to rig an inquiry into another justice’s receipt of lewd emails. Over it all hung Ms. Kane’s implicit threat that more damning emails were in the wings. Whether citizens will regain respect for law enforcement and Pennsylvania politics at this point is a tough call. The Senate majority leader, Jake Corman, said he was looking for the bright side. “I often joke, ‘Thank God for Illinois,’” he said, referring to a state with its own corruption superlatives.",0
1976,Breaking: Iraq’s Maliki Slashes Barzani for Kurdish-Israeli Alliance,"Vladimir Putin: The United States continues to sleep with al-Nusra ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board Breaking: Iraq’s Maliki Slashes Barzani for Kurdish-Israeli Alliance By GPD on October 27, 2016 Main Kurdish party slams Maliki for derogatory comments against president [ Editor’s Note : Maliki calls out Barzani is a tool of Israel in the region. He was prime minister (Maliki is a VT affiliate [meaning that we have direct contact with him…JD]…so we give him a break. ) when Mosul fell and has been blamed for army corruption. The Iraqi army is almost entirely Sunni, a minority in Iraq while the majority Shiites have formed militias to fight ISIS with the backing of Iran. The Sunni’s reached out to the Gulf States, Saudi Arabia, Israel, Turkey and Kurdistan because they weren’t enjoying the same power they had under Saddam. In answer, ISIS, a small Ramadi based extremist group was reborn at the hands of intelligence agencies and military leaders of Israel, the US and other states. It is our belief that the current move on Mosul is going to expose what has gone on. If Mosul is cleansed, Turkey, who really is “ISIS” will hang on in Iraq tied to the Erbil Kurds and their Israeli allies, as you see below… Gordon Duff ] 
ERBIL, Kurdistan Region – The Kurdistan Region’s largest political party on Thursday slammed former Iraqi prime minister Nouri al-Maliki for derogatory comments the previous day against Kurdistan and its President, Masoud Barzani. “Maliki’s role in inciting sectarianism, his entanglement in corruption and his harming of Iraq’s political, security and economic standing is clear to all Iraqis as well as the international community,” the KDP said in a statement. “He is disloyal. No one has been as helpful to Maliki as the Kurdish nation, Kurdistan’s political parties, especially the KDP,” the party said in a statement. 
The KDP, whose leader is Masoud Barzani, compared Maliki to one of Saddam Hussein’s most notorious henchmen. “The disloyalty he has shown and the crimes he has committed against the Kurdish nation are no lesser than the crimes of Ali Hasan al-Majid (chemical Ali). He was the indulged son of the US at some point, yet disloyal to them now,” the KDP statement added, referring to Maliki’s cooperation with US forces in the past. 
In an interview with Euronews aired Wednesday, Maliki lashed out at Barzani, accusing him of implementing Israel’s policy in the region, claiming, “Kurdistan will become the second Palestine in the future,” and adding that “Israeli sympathizers and elements are abundant in Kurdistan.” 
Maliki, who is the secretary general of the Daawa Party and head of the State of Law Faction in parliament, slammed Barzani, saying the, “Kurdistan Region has become a strategic and developed platform for the implementation of the US-Israeli policy, and by Kurdistan I do not mean all the Kurds. I mean only Masoud Barzani and the Kurdistan Democratic Party .” 
He also blamed the Kurdistan Region for the presence of Turkish troops in the country. “The Turkish Army has come to Bashiqa by permission of the Kurdistan Region. The (Turkish) force has come through Ibrahim Khalil and Zakho Bridges, passing via Duhok and is positioned in Bashiqa now. The Kurdistan Region thinks that it is a neighbor and a friend of Iraq, not a part of Iraq,” charged Maliki, who is now a vice president. 
The KDP referred to Maliki’s “failed cabinet” and his failed army, which collapsed in the face of an ISIS onslaught in June 2014, fleeing without a fight and giving up large swathes of territory, including the city of Mosul. 
His “puppet army could not stand ISIS for two hours, giving away half of Iraq along with the military equipment and ammunition of six brigades to ISIS,” the KDP noted. 
It added that, “He built an army which had no allegiance to the country, but animosity to the Peshmerga. He is not happy to see the unprecedented coordination between the Peshmerga and the Iraqi Army which are fighting terrorism together, liberating the areas which his coward army gave to ISIS. Maliki is unhappy to see that the Peshmerga and the Iraqi forces are successful in fighting terror. He is just like the wounded bear that bites its wounds out of pain and desperation.” 
The KDP said, “We want to reassure him (Maliki) that Kurdistan’s borders are not the ones determined by Saddam Hussein and Maliki. The borders of Kurdistan are those which the Peshmerga have liberated from ISIS, and we will stay there. He should know that he will end up with nothing other than embarrassment in the face of the will of Kurdistan, the Peshmerga and the KDP.” 
The statement added that, “Maliki is dreaming of ruling Iraq again. It is impossible for him to run Iraq again. He cannot and is not entitled to run Kurdistan, even if he gets to run Iraq again.” 
It said that, “if Maliki had any honor, he would not have appeared on TV talking about Mosul and its liberation.”",0
1977,Tweetwave,"This time it's true no pantsTweetwave More Of Anthony Weiner's Greatest Hits Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 13 guests Display posts from previous: Powered by phpBB © 2000, 2002, 2005, 2007 phpBB Group The uncontested absurdities of today are the accepted slogans of tomorrow. They come to be accepted by degrees, by precedent, by implication, by erosion, by default, by dint of constant pressure on one side and constant retreat on the other - until the day when they are suddenly declared to be the country's official ideology. ~ Ayn Rand 
Rubiks & Rubik’s Cube ® used by special individual permission of Seven Town Ltd. Write down this number and report to your Kommissar at the nearest railroad station. Don't forget warm clothes and a shovel! Channel list 
Following hurricane Matthew's failure to devastate Florida, activists flock to the Sunshine State and destroy Trump signs manually 
Tim Kaine takes credit for interrupting hurricane Matthew while debating weather in Florida 
Study: Many non-voters still undecided on how they're not going to vote 
The Evolution of Dissent: on November 8th the nation is to decide whether dissent will stop being racist and become sexist - or it will once again be patriotic as it was for 8 years under George W. Bush 
Venezuela solves starvation problem by making it mandatory to buy food 
Breaking: the Clinton Foundation set to investigate the FBI 
Obama ​​captures rare Pokémon ​​while visiting Hiroshima 
Movie news: 'The Big Friendly Giant Government' flops at box office; audiences say ""It's creepy"" 
Barack Obama: ""If I had a son, he'd look like Micah Johnson"" 
White House edits Orlando 911 transcript to say shooter pledged allegiance to NRA and Republican Party 
President George Washington: 'Redcoats do not represent British Empire; King George promotes a distorted version of British colonialism' 
Following Obama's 'Okie-Doke' speech , stock of Okie-Doke soars; NASDAQ: 'Obama best Okie-Doke salesman' 
Weaponized baby formula threatens Planned Parenthood office; ACLU demands federal investigation of Gerber 
Experts: melting Antarctic glacier could cause sale levels to rise up to 80% off select items by this weekend 
Travel advisory: airlines now offering flights to front of TSA line 
As Obama instructs his administration to get ready for presidential transition, Trump preemptively purchases 'T' keys for White House keyboards 
John Kasich self-identifies as GOP primary winner, demands access to White House bathroom 
Upcoming Trump/Kelly interview on FoxNews sponsored by 'Let's Make a Deal' and 'The Price is Right' 
News from 2017: once the evacuation of Lena Dunham and 90% of other Hollywood celebrities to Canada is confirmed, Trump resigns from presidency: ""My work here is done"" 
Non-presidential candidate Paul Ryan pledges not to run for president in new non-presidential non-ad campaign 
Trump suggests creating 'Muslim database'; Obama symbolically protests by shredding White House guest logs beginning 2009 
National Enquirer: John Kasich's real dad was the milkman, not mailman 
National Enquirer: Bound delegates from Colorado, Wyoming found in Ted Cruz’s basement 
Iran breaks its pinky-swear promise not to support terrorism; US State Department vows rock-paper-scissors strategic response 
Women across the country cheer as racist Democrat president on $20 bill is replaced by black pro-gun Republican 
Federal Reserve solves budget crisis by writing itself a 20-trillion-dollar check 
Widows, orphans claim responsibility for Brussels airport bombing 
Che Guevara's son hopes Cuba's communism will rub off on US, proposes a long list of people the government should execute first 
Susan Sarandon: ""I don't vote with my vagina."" Voters in line behind her still suspicious, use hand sanitizer 
Campaign memo typo causes Hillary to court 'New Black Panties' vote 
New Hampshire votes for socialist Sanders, changes state motto to ""Live FOR Free or Die"" 
Martin O'Malley drops out of race after Iowa Caucus; nation shocked with revelation he has been running for president 
Statisticians: one out of three Bernie Sanders supporters is just as dumb as the other two 
Hillary campaign denies accusations of smoking-gun evidence in her emails, claims they contain only smoking-circumstantial-gun evidence 
Obama stops short of firing US Congress upon realizing the difficulty of assembling another group of such tractable yes-men 
In effort to contol wild passions for violent jihad, White House urges gun owners to keep their firearms covered in gun burkas 
TV horror live: A Charlie Brown Christmas gets shot up on air by Mohammed cartoons 
Democrats vow to burn the country down over Ted Cruz statement, 'The overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats' 
Russia's trend to sign bombs dropped on ISIS with ""This is for Paris"" found response in Obama administration's trend to sign American bombs with ""Return to sender"" 
University researchers of cultural appropriation quit upon discovery that their research is appropriation from a culture that created universities 
Archeologists discover remains of what Barack Obama has described as unprecedented, un-American, and not-who-we-are immigration screening process in Ellis Island 
Mizzou protests lead to declaring entire state a ""safe space,"" changing Missouri motto to ""The don't show me state"" 
Green energy fact: if we put all green energy subsidies together in one-dollar bills and burn them, we could generate more electricity than has been produced by subsidized green energy 
State officials improve chances of healthcare payouts by replacing ObamaCare with state lottery 
NASA's new mission to search for racism, sexism, and economic inequality in deep space suffers from race, gender, and class power struggles over multibillion-dollar budget 
College progress enforcement squads issue schematic humor charts so students know if a joke may be spontaneously laughed at or if regulations require other action 
ISIS opens suicide hotline for US teens depressed by climate change and other progressive doomsday scenarios 
Virginia county to close schools after teacher asks students to write 'death to America' in Arabic 
'Wear hijab to school day' ends with spontaneous female circumcision and stoning of a classmate during lunch break 
ISIS releases new, even more barbaric video in an effort to regain mantle from Planned Parenthood 
Impressed by Fox News stellar rating during GOP debates, CNN to use same formula on Democrat candidates asking tough, pointed questions about Republicans 
Shocking new book explores pros and cons of socialism, discovers they are same people 
Pope outraged by Planned Parenthood's ""unfettered capitalism,"" demands equal redistribution of baby parts to each according to his need 
John Kerry accepts Iran's ""Golden Taquiyya"" award, requests jalapenos on the side 
Citizens of Pluto protest US government's surveillance of their planetoid and its moons with New Horizons space drone 
John Kerry proposes 3-day waiting period for all terrorist nations trying to acquire nuclear weapons 
Chicago Police trying to identify flag that caused nine murders and 53 injuries in the city this past weekend 
Cuba opens to affordable medical tourism for Americans who can't afford Obamacare deductibles 
State-funded research proves existence of Quantum Aggression Particles (Heterons) in Large Hadron Collider 
Student job opportunities: make big bucks this summer as Hillary’s Ordinary-American; all expenses paid, travel, free acting lessons 
Experts debate whether Iranian negotiators broke John Kerry's leg or he did it himself to get out of negotiations 
Junior Varsity takes Ramadi, advances to quarterfinals 
US media to GOP pool of candidates: 'Knowing what we know now, would you have had anything to do with the founding of the United States?' 
NY Mayor to hold peace talks with rats, apologize for previous Mayor's cowboy diplomacy 
China launches cube-shaped space object with a message to aliens: ""The inhabitants of Earth will steal your intellectual property, copy it, manufacture it in sweatshops with slave labor, and sell it back to you at ridiculously low prices"" 
Progressive scientists: Truth is a variable deduced by subtracting 'what is' from 'what ought to be' 
Experts agree: Hillary Clinton best candidate to lessen percentage of Americans in top 1% 
America's attempts at peace talks with the White House continue to be met with lies, stalling tactics, and bad faith 
Starbucks new policy to talk race with customers prompts new hashtag #DontHoldUpTheLine 
Hillary: DELETE is the new RESET 
Charlie Hebdo receives Islamophobe 2015 award ; the cartoonists could not be reached for comment due to their inexplicable, illogical deaths 
Russia sends 'reset' button back to Hillary: 'You need it now more than we do' 
Barack Obama finds out from CNN that Hillary Clinton spent four years being his Secretary of State 
President Obama honors Leonard Nimoy by taking selfie in front of Starship Enterprise 
Police: If Obama had a convenience store, it would look like Obama Express Food Market 
Study finds stunning lack of racial, gender, and economic diversity among middle-class white males 
NASA: We're 80% sure about being 20% sure about being 17% sure about being 38% sure about 2014 being the hottest year on record 
People holding '$15 an Hour Now' posters sue Democratic party demanding raise to $15 an hour for rendered professional protesting services 
Cuba-US normalization: US tourists flock to see Cuba before it looks like the US and Cubans flock to see the US before it looks like Cuba 
White House describes attacks on Sony Pictures as 'spontaneous hacking in response to offensive video mocking Juche and its prophet' 
CIA responds to Democrat calls for transparency by releasing the director's cut of The Making Of Obama's Birth Certificate 
Obama: 'If I had a city, it would look like Ferguson' 
Biden: 'If I had a Ferguson (hic), it would look like a city' 
Obama signs executive order renaming 'looters' to 'undocumented shoppers' 
Ethicists agree: two wrongs do make a right so long as Bush did it first 
The aftermath of the 'War on Women 2014' finds a new 'Lost Generation' of disillusioned Democrat politicians, unable to cope with life out of office 
White House: Republican takeover of the Senate is a clear mandate from the American people for President Obama to rule by executive orders 
Nurse Kaci Hickox angrily tells reporters that she won't change her clocks for daylight savings time 
Democratic Party leaders in panic after recent poll shows most Democratic voters think 'midterm' is when to end pregnancy 
Desperate Democratic candidates plead with Obama to stop backing them and instead support their GOP opponents 
Ebola Czar issues five-year plan with mandatory quotas of Ebola infections per each state based on voting preferences 
Study: crony capitalism is to the free market what the Westboro Baptist Church is to Christianity 
Fun facts about world languages: the Left has more words for statism than the Eskimos have for snow 
African countries to ban all flights from the United States because ""Obama is incompetent, it scares us"" 
Nobel Peace Prize controversy: Hillary not nominated despite having done even less than Obama to deserve it 
Obama: 'Ebola is the JV of viruses' 
BREAKING: Secret Service foils Secret Service plot to protect Obama 
Revised 1st Amendment: buy one speech, get the second free 
Sharpton calls on white NFL players to beat their women in the interests of racial fairness 
President Obama appoints his weekly approval poll as new national security adviser 
Obama wags pen and phone at Putin; Europe offers support with powerful pens and phones from NATO members 
White House pledges to embarrass ISIS back to the Stone Age with a barrage of fearsome Twitter messages and fatally ironic Instagram photos 
Obama to fight ISIS with new federal Terrorist Regulatory Agency 
Obama vows ISIS will never raise their flag over the eighteenth hole 
Harry Reid: ""Sometimes I say the wong thing"" 
Elian Gonzalez wishes he had come to the U.S. on a bus from Central America like all the other kids 
Obama visits US-Mexican border, calls for a two-state solution 
Obama draws ""blue line"" in Iraq after Putin took away his red crayon 
""Hard Choices,"" a porno flick loosely based on Hillary Clinton's memoir and starring Hillary Hellfire as a drinking, whoring Secretary of State, wildly outsells the flabby, sagging original 
Accusations of siding with the enemy leave Sgt. Bergdahl with only two options: pursue a doctorate at Berkley or become a Senator from Massachusetts 
Jay Carney stuck in line behind Eric Shinseki to leave the White House; estimated wait time from 15 min to 6 weeks 
100% of scientists agree that if man-made global warming were real, ""the last people we'd want to help us is the Obama administration"" 
Jay Carney says he found out that Obama found out that he found out that Obama found out that he found out about the latest Obama administration scandal on the news 
""Anarchy Now!"" meeting turns into riot over points of order, bylaws, and whether or not 'kicking the #^@&*! ass' of the person trying to speak is or is not violence 
Obama retaliates against Putin by prohibiting unionized federal employees from dating hot Russian girls online during work hours 
Russian separatists in Ukraine riot over an offensive YouTube video showing the toppling of Lenin statues 
""Free Speech Zones"" confuse Obamaphone owners who roam streets in search of additional air minutes 
Obamacare bolsters employment for professionals with skills to convert meth back into sudafed 
Gloves finally off: Obama uses pen and phone to cancel Putin's Netflix account 
Joe Biden to Russia: ""We will bury you by turning more of Eastern Europe over to your control!"" 
In last-ditch effort to help Ukraine, Obama deploys Rev. Sharpton and Rev. Jackson's Rainbow Coalition to Crimea 
Al Sharpton: ""Not even Putin can withstand our signature chanting, 'racist, sexist, anti-gay, Russian army go away'!"" 
Mardi Gras in North Korea: "" Throw me some food! "" 
Obama's foreign policy works: ""War, invasion, and conquest are signs of weakness; we've got Putin right where we want him"" 
US offers military solution to Ukraine crisis: ""We will only fight countries that have LGBT military"" 
Putin annexes Brighton Beach to protect ethnic Russians in Brooklyn, Obama appeals to UN and EU for help 
The 1980s: ""Mr. Obama, we're just calling to ask if you want our foreign policy back . The 1970s are right here with us, and they're wondering, too."" 
In a stunning act of defiance, Obama courageously unfriends Putin on Facebook 
MSNBC: Obama secures alliance with Austro-Hungarian Empire against Russia’s aggression in Ukraine 
Study: springbreak is to STDs what April 15th is to accountants 
Efforts to achieve moisture justice for California thwarted by unfair redistribution of snow in America 
North Korean voters unanimous: ""We are the 100%"" 
Leader of authoritarian gulag-site, The People's Cube, unanimously 're-elected' with 100% voter turnout 
Super Bowl: Obama blames Fox News for Broncos' loss 
Feminist author slams gay marriage: ""a man needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle"" 
Beverly Hills campaign heats up between Henry Waxman and Marianne Williamson over the widening income gap between millionaires and billionaires in their district 
Biden to lower $10,000-a-plate Dinner For The Homeless to $5,000 so more homeless can attend 
Kim becomes world leader, feeds uncle to dogs; Obama eats dogs, becomes world leader, America cries uncle 
North Korean leader executes own uncle for talking about Obamacare at family Christmas party 
White House hires part-time schizophrenic Mandela sign interpreter to help sell Obamacare 
Kim Jong Un executes own "" crazy uncle "" to keep him from ruining another family Christmas 
OFA admits its advice for area activists to give Obamacare Talk at shooting ranges was a bad idea 
President resolves Obamacare debacle with executive order declaring all Americans equally healthy 
Obama to Iran: ""If you like your nuclear program, you can keep your nuclear program"" 
Bovine community outraged by flatulence coming from Washington DC 
Obama: ""I'm not particularly ideological; I believe in a good pragmatic five-year plan"" 
Shocker: Obama had no knowledge he'd been reelected until he read about it in the local newspaper last week 
Server problems at HealthCare.gov so bad, it now flashes 'Error 808' message 
NSA marks National Best Friend Day with official announcement: ""Government is your best friend; we know you like no one else, we're always there, we're always willing to listen"" 
Al Qaeda cancels attack on USA citing launch of Obamacare as devastating enough 
The President's latest talking point on Obamacare: ""I didn't build that"" 
Dizzy with success, Obama renames his wildly popular healthcare mandate to HillaryCare 
Carney: huge ObamaCare deductibles won't look as bad come hyperinflation 
Washington Redskins drop 'Washington' from their name as offensive to most Americans 
Poll: 83% of Americans favor cowboy diplomacy over rodeo clown diplomacy 
GOVERNMENT WARNING: If you were able to complete ObamaCare form online, it wasn't a legitimate gov't website; you should report online fraud and change all your passwords 
Obama administration gets serious, threatens Syria with ObamaCare 
Obama authorizes the use of Vice President Joe Biden's double-barrel shotgun to fire a couple of blasts at Syria 
Sharpton: ""British royals should have named baby 'Trayvon.' By choosing 'George' they sided with white Hispanic racist Zimmerman"" 
DNC launches 'Carlos Danger' action figure; proceeds to fund a charity helping survivors of the Republican War on Women 
Nancy Pelosi extends abortion rights to the birds and the bees 
Hubble discovers planetary drift to the left 
Obama: 'If I had a daughter-in-law, she would look like Rachael Jeantel' 
FISA court rubberstamps statement denying its portrayal as government's rubber stamp 
Every time ObamaCare gets delayed, a Julia somewhere dies 
GOP to Schumer: 'Force full implementation of ObamaCare before 2014 or Dems will never win another election' 
Obama: 'If I had a son... no, wait, my daughter can now marry a woman!' 
Janet Napolitano: TSA findings reveal that since none of the hijackers were babies, elderly, or Tea Partiers, 9/11 was not an act of terrorism 
News Flash: Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-LA) can see Canada from South Dakota 
Susan Rice: IRS actions against tea parties caused by anti-tax YouTube video that was insulting to their faith 
Drudge Report reduces font to fit all White House scandals onto one page 
Obama: the IRS is a constitutional right, just like the Second Amendment 
White House: top Obama officials using secret email accounts a result of bad IT advice to avoid spam mail from Nigeria 
Jay Carney to critics: 'Pinocchio never said anything inconsistent' 
Obama: If I had a gay son, he'd look like Jason Collins 
Gosnell's office in Benghazi raided by the IRS: mainstream media's worst cover-up challenge to date 
IRS targeting pro-gay-marriage LGBT groups leads to gayest tax revolt in U.S. history 
After Arlington Cemetery rejects offer to bury Boston bomber, Westboro Babtist Church steps up with premium front lawn plot 
Boston: Obama Administration to reclassify marathon bombing as 'sportsplace violence' 
Study: Success has many fathers but failure becomes a government program 
US Media: Can Pope Francis possibly clear up Vatican bureaucracy and banking without blaming the previous administration? 
Michelle Obama praises weekend rampage by Chicago teens as good way to burn calories and stay healthy 
This Passover, Obama urges his subjects to paint lamb's blood above doors in order to avoid the Sequester 
White House to American children: Sequester causes layoffs among hens that lay Easter eggs; union-wage Easter Bunnies to be replaced by Mexican Chupacabras 
Time Mag names Hugo Chavez world's sexiest corpse 
Boy, 8, pretends banana is gun, makes daring escape from school 
Study: Free lunches overpriced, lack nutrition 
Oscars 2013: Michelle Obama announces long-awaited merger of Hollywood and the State 
Joe Salazar defends the right of women to be raped in gun-free environment: 'rapists and rapees should work together to prevent gun violence for the common good' 
Dept. of Health and Human Services eliminates rape by reclassifying assailants as 'undocumented sex partners' 
Kremlin puts out warning not to photoshop Putin riding meteor unless bare-chested 
Deeming football too violent, Obama moves to introduce Super Drone Sundays instead 
Japan offers to extend nuclear umbrella to cover U.S. should America suffer devastating attack on its own defense spending 
Feminists organize one billion women to protest male oppression with one billion lap dances 
Urban community protests Mayor Bloomberg's ban on extra-large pop singers owning assault weapons 
Concerned with mounting death toll, Taliban offers to send peacekeeping advisers to Chicago 
Karl Rove puts an end to Tea Party with new 'Republicans For Democrats' strategy aimed at losing elections 
Answering public skepticism, President Obama authorizes unlimited drone attacks on all skeet targets throughout the country 
Skeet Ulrich denies claims he had been shot by President but considers changing his name to 'Traps' 
White House releases new exciting photos of Obama standing, sitting, looking thoughtful, and even breathing in and out 
New York Times hacked by Chinese government, Paul Krugman's economic policies stolen 
White House: when President shoots skeet, he donates the meat to food banks that feed the middle class 
To prove he is serious, Obama eliminates armed guard protection for President, Vice-President, and their families; establishes Gun-Free Zones around them instead 
State Dept to send 100,000 American college students to China as security for US debt obligations 
Jay Carney: Al Qaeda is on the run, they're just running forward 
President issues executive orders banning cliffs, ceilings, obstructions, statistics, and other notions that prevent us from moving forwards and upward 
Fearing the worst, Obama Administration outlaws the fan to prevent it from being hit by certain objects 
World ends; S&P soars 
Riddle of universe solved; answer not understood 
Meek inherit Earth, can't afford estate taxes 
Greece abandons Euro; accountants find Greece has no Euros anyway 
Wheel finally reinvented; axles to be gradually reinvented in 3rd quarter of 2013 
Bigfoot found in Ohio, mysteriously not voting for Obama 
As Santa's workshop files for bankruptcy, Fed offers bailout in exchange for control of 'naughty and nice' list 
Freak flying pig accident causes bacon to fly off shelves 
Obama: green economy likely to transform America into a leading third world country of the new millennium 
Report: President Obama to visit the United States in the near future 
Obama promises to create thousands more economically neutral jobs 
Modernizing Islam: New York imam proposes to canonize Saul Alinsky as religion's latter day prophet 
Imam Rauf's peaceful solution: 'Move Ground Zero a few blocks away from the mosque and no one gets hurt' 
Study: Obama's threat to burn tax money in Washington 'recruitment bonanza' for Tea Parties 
Study: no Social Security reform will be needed if gov't raises retirement age to at least 814 years 
Obama attends church service, worships self 
Obama proposes national 'Win The Future' lottery; proceeds of new WTF Powerball to finance more gov't spending 
Historical revisionists: ""Hey, you never know"" 
Vice President Biden: criticizing Egypt is un-pharaoh 
Israelis to Egyptian rioters: ""don't damage the pyramids, we will not rebuild"" 
Lake Superior renamed Lake Inferior in spirit of tolerance and inclusiveness 
Al Gore: It's a shame that a family can be torn apart by something as simple as a pack of polar bears 
Michael Moore: As long as there is anyone with money to shake down, this country is not broke 
Obama's teleprompters unionize, demand collective bargaining rights 
Obama calls new taxes 'spending reductions in tax code.' Elsewhere rapists tout 'consent reductions in sexual intercourse' 
Obama's teleprompter unhappy with White House Twitter: ""Too few words"" 
Obama's Regulation Reduction committee finds US Constitution to be expensive outdated framework inefficiently regulating federal gov't 
Taking a page from the Reagan years, Obama announces new era of Perestroika and Glasnost 
Responding to Oslo shootings, Obama declares Christianity ""Religion of Peace,"" praises ""moderate Christians,"" promises to send one into space 
Republicans block Obama's $420 billion program to give American families free charms that ward off economic bad luck 
White House to impose Chimney tax on Santa Claus 
Obama decrees the economy is not soaring as much as previously decreeed 
Conservative think tank introduces children to capitalism with pop-up picture book ""The Road to Smurfdom"" 
Al Gore proposes to combat Global Warming by extracting silver linings from clouds in Earth's atmosphere 
Obama refutes charges of him being unresponsive to people's suffering: ""When you pray to God, do you always hear a response?"" 
Obama regrets the US government didn't provide his mother with free contraceptives when she was in college 
Fluke to Congress: drill, baby, drill! 
Planned Parenthood introduces Frequent Flucker reward card: 'Come again soon!' 
Obama to tornado victims: 'We inherited this weather from the previous administration' 
Obama congratulates Putin on Chicago-style election outcome 
People's Cube gives itself Hero of Socialist Labor medal in recognition of continued expert advice provided to the Obama Administration helping to shape its foreign and domestic policies 
Hamas: Israeli air defense unfair to 99% of our missiles, ""only 1% allowed to reach Israel"" 
Democrat strategist: without government supervision, women would have never evolved into humans 
Voters Without Borders oppose Texas new voter ID law 
Enraged by accusation that they are doing Obama's bidding, media leaders demand instructions from White House on how to respond 
Obama blames previous Olympics for failure to win at this Olympics 
Official: China plans to land on Moon or at least on cheap knockoff thereof 
Koran-Contra: Obama secretly arms Syrian rebels 
Poll: Progressive slogan 'We should be more like Europe' most popular with members of American Nazi Party 
Obama to Evangelicals: Jesus saves, I just spend 
May Day: Anarchists plan, schedule, synchronize, and execute a coordinated campaign against all of the above 
Midwestern farmers hooked on new erotic novel ""50 Shades of Hay"" 
Study: 99% of Liberals give the rest a bad name 
Obama meets with Jewish leaders, proposes deeper circumcisions for the rich 
Historians: Before HOPE & CHANGE there was HEMP & CHOOM at ten bucks a bag 
Cancer once again fails to cure Venezuela of its ""President for Life"" 
Tragic spelling error causes Muslim protesters to burn local boob-tube factory 
Secretary of Energy Steven Chu: due to energy conservation, the light at the end of the tunnel will be switched off 
Obama Administration running food stamps across the border with Mexico in an operation code-named ""Fat And Furious"" 
Pakistan explodes in protest over new Adobe Acrobat update; 17 local acrobats killed 
White House: ""Let them eat statistics"" 
Special Ops: if Benedict Arnold had a son, he would look like Barack Obama",0
1978,Spike in immigrants illegally crossing into U.S. ahead of election,"Print 
There has been a surge of immigrants illegally crossing into the United States leading up to next month’s presidential election. 
CBS News reports dozens of immigrants have been streaming through the streets of McAllen, Texas, on a daily basis. They have been taken to a migrant center at Sacred Heart Catholic Church where they were released by Border Patrol, with ankle monitors, while they file for asylum. 
Agent Chris Cabrera told CBS News that they’ve been seeing a spike in immigrants crossing the U.S.-Mexico border illegally, thanks in part to the election. 
“The smugglers are telling them if Hillary [Clinton] gets elected, that there’ll be some sort of amnesty, that they need to get here by a certain date,” Cabrera said. “They’re also being told that if [Donald] Trump gets elected, there’s going to be some magical wall that pops up overnight and once that wall gets up, nobody will ever get in again.” 
Cabrera added that they’ve encountered up to 1,000 immigrants along McAllen’s stretch of the border some days.",0
1979,‘Brexit’ Bats Aside Younger Generation’s European Identity - The New York Times,"PARIS  —   You could say theirs is the Generation of Three E’s. There is Erasmus, the European Union program that organizes and subsidizes student exchanges among universities across its 28 countries and elsewhere. There is easyJet, the budget airline that lets them hop between European cities as simply and cheaply as it can be to trek across town. And there is the euro, the currency used in most of the member countries. Young adults are now grappling with what Britain’s vote to exit the European Union means for their profoundly European way of life. For them, it is perfectly normal to grow up in one country, study in another, work in a third, share a flat with people who have different passports and partner up without regard to nationality. “It means that we are not going to be sisters and brothers of a big project,” said Antoine Guéry, 24, a Frenchman whose résumé and network of friends provide a crash course in European geography. “At best, we are going to be allies”  —   friends, but no longer family. “It feels less like home. ” Mr. Guéry works at a   firm in Paris but had been looking for job opportunities in London  —   an exercise he shelved immediately after the “Brexit” vote on June 23. His degree is from Sciences Po University in Paris, but he also studied at Stockholm University and Germany’s University of Potsdam. It was in Stockholm that two German women, Carolina Leersch, now 26, and Kim Seele, 28, joined his inner circle. In Berlin, Mr. Guéry lived with Ms. Seele’s aunt, had an Irish boyfriend and befriended Lauren Muscroft, who is British, and Marion Desbles, who is from Rennes, France. This group and others like it are, to be sure, a subset within a subset, part of a fourth E  —   the elite  —   who studied at the Continent’s top institutions and took advantage of the   doors open to them. Splitting Britain from the European Union may put a damper on future changes important to this globalized generation, like the move toward a single European digital market for movie and music streaming, and the end, by next year, of cellphone roaming charges when crossing European Union borders. Days before the British referendum, Mr. Guéry, Ms. Muscroft and Ms. Desbles jokingly wondered, while waiting in the passport lines at the airport in Barcelona, Spain, whether Britons like Ms. Muscroft would soon be kicked out of the European Union lane. Now, the friends are wondering whether their children will be able to benefit from Erasmus as they did. If their European health insurance cards will still cover them in Britain. Whether France might soon follow with a Frexit vote, the Netherlands with a Nexit, and who knows what else? “My initial reaction when it happened was feeling like part of my identity had been stripped away,” said Ms. Muscroft, 24, who works in London for an online   site. “One thing I’ve always really felt a strong connection to, with Europe, is a unified sense of fate  —   the fact that we are all in this together, and that we benefit each other through this union. ” Perhaps the most profound force in creating this European identity was Erasmus, now called Erasmus+ which was created in 1987 and had supported 3. 3 million students studying or training abroad by the end of   academic year, according to a European Union report. (Yet, in the last five years, fewer than 5 percent of all university graduates in the participating countries were Erasmus students.) Magali Ballatore, a sociologist at the University of   in France who wrote a book on the Erasmus program, said it would be hard to tease out whether Erasmus alumni were internationally minded because of the experience, or whether that prospect had attracted them to the program in the first place. But younger Europeans are more likely to report an attachment to the European Union than those 55 and over, according to the most recent Eurobarometer survey. In Britain before the balloting, surveys showed that 57 percent of voters ages 18 to 34 wanted it to remain in the bloc. (An identical percentage over age 55 supported the Leave campaign.) In the vote’s aftermath, many young voices have expressed fear and despair. “I’ve never been so angry,” Mr. Guéry said. “I was texting friends, people who did Erasmus, people who lived in Britain or Germany. We are disgusted that this might be the trigger for the destruction of the only good thing that these governments have done in 50 years: peace. ” It is still unclear what kind of relationship Britain will negotiate with the European Union, but trade is unlikely to screech to a halt and   travelers are not likely to face stringent visa requirements. As for the union’s Erasmus program  —   in which Britain ranked fifth two years ago for students sent abroad and fourth for foreign students taken in  —   nonmembers like Iceland, Norway and Turkey are already allowed to participate. Until Britain officially leaves the union, the program will continue there, too. Britain had always stood apart in any case, having never adopted the euro or joined Europe’s   Schengen zone. Ms. Leersch, the German whom Mr. Guéry met at Stockholm University, counted among the benefits of European Union membership the 500 euros per month (about $550) that Erasmus provided to cover living expenses in Sweden her   internship at the European Parliament in 2011 and the European Capitals of Culture program, which has given a boost to artists and tourism in more than 40 cities. For Mr. Guéry, the list of advantages included environmental regulations and his European health insurance card, which gave him access to health care when he had mononucleosis in Berlin. Ms. Seele, who is studying for the bar exam in Berlin, said that for those and other reasons, she “really feels like a European. ” Many of her friends, as well as her brothers and sisters, have studied or worked abroad in Europe. “The fact that you don’t have to exchange money anymore, that you don’t have to go through border control and show your passport, it is part of the feeling that you are not leaving from one country to the other,” she said. “That you are still more or less in one community. ” For this generation, at least, that sense of community is easily fostered. Texting and social media like Facebook and Skype help people stay in touch, no matter how far away when they want to meet, discount airlines like easyJet and Ryanair make the borders further disappear. Mr. Guéry and his friends meet every three to six months  —   sometimes back in Berlin, but also in Brussels, Budapest and other cities. That also means more exposure to very different people and places. “I never had an opinion on Norway, for example, before I moved abroad,” Ms. Muscroft said. “And suddenly one of my closest friends is Norwegian. ” Even this staunchly   group knows the union is far from perfect. (“Stop voting on stupid things like olive oil labeling, and answer the need for security and immigration policy,” Mr. Guéry said.) The friends hope that Britain’s departure will push the institution to reform itself, but there are also concerns that it will fuel political extremes at home. “What I’m most worried about is how Marine Le Pen and other leaders at the National Front are using these kinds of debates for their own political purposes,” said Ms. Desbles, a    teacher, referring to the   party and its leader, who favor a similar breakaway for France. Mr. Guéry has been thinking about his grandparents and   who bore the brunt of both world wars. “So much of my family suffered from the stupidity of nationalism,” he said. “I can’t imagine my continent going back 50 years. ” When Mr. Guéry was 13, he refused to take German classes at school  —   “a Nazi language,” he thought at the time. His mother persuaded him to do otherwise, but the three E’s helped, too. “I lived in the heart of what destroyed my country,” he said of Germany. “But I learned the story of the people now I speak the language. I didn’t do that by myself. It’s because of Europe. ”",0
1980,"Aleksei Navalny, Top Putin Critic, Arrested as Protests Flare in Russia - The New York Times","MOSCOW  —   The Russian police arrested hundreds of people in nationwide   protests on Sunday, including the opposition leader Aleksei Navalny in Moscow, where thousands gathered for the biggest demonstration in five years against President Vladimir V. Putin. The protest in the capital took the form of a synchronized walk along a major shopping street to avoid a ban on unsanctioned stationary gatherings. It was one of 99 similar rallies in cities and towns across the country  —   from Vladivostok in the far east to Kaliningrad in the west  —   according to the organizer, Mr. Navalny’s   foundation. All but 17 of these, the foundation said, had been declared illegal by the authorities. In Moscow, some protesters tried to block security vans with cars, and the authorities deployed the riot police and surveillance helicopters. But they mostly avoided the brutal measures used in neighboring Belarus on Saturday against protesters in the capital, Minsk, and other cities. The police in Belarus beat and arrested hundreds of people who tried to gather for the latest in demonstrations against President Alexander Lukashenko, who has been in power since 1994. But while less   than in Belarus, whose   president is often referred to as “Europe’s last dictator,” the police crackdown in Moscow could still complicate efforts by President Trump to deliver on pledges to “get along” with Mr. Putin. In a statement on Sunday that reflected widespread wariness of the Russian leader in Washington, Senator Ben Sasse, Republican of Nebraska, said: “Putin’s thugocracy is on full display. The United States government cannot be silent about Russia’s crackdown on peaceful protesters. Free speech is what we’re all about and Americans expect our leaders to call out thugs who trample the basic human rights of speech, press, assembly and protest. ” Shortly after the senator’s statement, Mark Toner, the acting spokesman for the State Department in Washington, said the United States “strongly condemns the detention of hundreds of peaceful protesters throughout Russia on Sunday” and called for their immediate release. “Detaining peaceful protesters, human rights observers, and journalists is an affront to core democratic values,” he added. The protests in Russia on Sunday  —   nominally against corruption but also a rare show of public defiance against Mr. Putin, who has found a fierce and enduring critic in Mr. Navalny  —   were the largest coordinated display of public dissatisfaction since   demonstrations in 2011 and 2012, after an election that was tainted by fraud. Protesters tried to prevent a police van from taking Mr. Navalny away and chanted: “This is our city. This is our city. ” Others shouted, “Russia without Putin,” and held up pieces of paper denouncing the Russian president and his allies as thieves. In a Twitter post, Mr. Navalny urged his followers to continue with the demonstration after he was grabbed by police officers as he tried to join the crowds along Tverskaya Street in the center of Moscow. “Guys, I’m O. K.,” he wrote in a message in Russian. “No need to fight to get me out. Walk along Tverskaya. Our topic of the day is the fight against corruption. ” The Moscow Police Department said on its website that “around 500” people had been arrested in the city for taking part in an “unapproved public event. ”   a group that monitors arrests, said the number of arrests in Moscow was at least 1, 000. Instead of waving big banners with antigovernment slogans as in previous protests, most of those who joined Sunday’s walk on Tverskaya Street displayed their feelings discreetly. Some waved Russian flags, cloaking their opposition in the same patriotism that Mr. Putin has used so successfully to boost his popularity. Others carried easily hidden signs featuring pictures of ducks, a reference to a claim by Mr. Navalny that corrupt officials even build houses for their ducks. Among those arrested in Moscow were Russian and foreign journalists, the leader of a small opposition party, Nikolai Lyaskin  —   who said he was hit around the head by police officers and taken to a hospital  —   and a British student, Gregory Hill, 17. Demoralized and divided since the   election protests, which fizzled amid a wave of arrests, Russia’s opposition has struggled to make its voice heard over a din of   sentiment on   television, which invariably presents opponents of Mr. Putin as traitors in cahoots with the West. But Mr. Navalny, a charismatic   campaigner who helped lead the   protests, has shown a knack for turning repressive action against him and his followers to his own advantage. When an assailant doused him in a green liquid in Siberia last week, he exulted that his face made him look like a superhero. Instead of directly attacking Mr. Putin, who is hugely popular outside more   cities like Moscow, Mr. Navalny has focused on rallying support by exposing corruption, an issue that alarms even many of Mr. Putin’s supporters. Mr. Putin, who is widely expected to seek another term as president in elections next year, has ruled Russia as president or prime minister since the former president, Boris N. Yeltsin, resigned on Dec. 31, 1999. He faces no credible opposition other than that mobilized by Mr. Navalny, the founder and leader of the Foundation for Fighting Corruption. The opposition leader has declared his intention to run in the 2018 presidential race, despite a criminal conviction in February on fraud charges that made him ineligible to compete but was widely viewed as a political ploy to keep him out of the race. Even if Mr. Navalny manages to compete for the presidency, he has little chance of winning. But his presence on the ballot would end what since 2000 have been a series of tightly choreographed presidential contests that resembled coronations. Dmitri Charishnikov, a    web designer who answered Mr. Navalny’s call to walk up and down Tverskaya Street, said protests would change nothing as most Russians “believe what they see on television” and strongly support Mr. Putin. But he added that he still wanted to show that “another Russia still exists. ” Nearby, a police officer shouted through a bullhorn that all those walking in the area were “participants in an unsanctioned gathering” and must immediately disperse or risk prosecution. State television, the main source of news for most Russians, responded to the protests by ignoring them. In a report published this month, Mr. Navalny detailed how Prime Minister Dmitri A. Medvedev, a close ally of Mr. Putin’s, had built a lavish empire of mansions, country estates, luxury yachts, an Italian vineyard and an   palace near St. Petersburg. Mr. Navalny called for the protests after Russia’s Parliament, which is dominated by United Russia  —   a political party loyal to Mr. Putin  —   ignored demands for an investigation into accusations of corruption by senior government officials. By dusk on Sunday, the protests in Moscow had wound down after sporadic scuffles between the police and protesters. Russian news media reported at least one police officer was taken to a hospital in Moscow with head injuries. A spokesman for the interior ministry in St. Petersburg denied reports one of its officers had died after being beaten by protesters.",0
1981,"“When You Speak Up for the MOVE 9, You Speak Up for Yourself”","Tweet Widget by MOVE People 
The Philadelphia-based MOVE family was horribly victimized by police in 1978 and 1985. The first atrocity led to the mass imprisonment of MOVE members; the second assault killed five adults and six children and burned down a city block. No cops have ever been punished, but the MOVE 9 remain in prison, and were this year once again denied parole. “They couldn't kill us that day, so they are trying to finish the job in these prisons.” “When You Speak Up for the MOVE 9, You Speak Up for Yourself” by MOVE People 
This article previously appeared on Move 9 blogspot . 
“The District Attorney never proved MOVE had killed a police officer.” 
The MOVE 9 Have been eligible for Parole since August 2008, After being in prison for 30 years. We have repeatedly been denied. In June of this year (2016) , we were denied parole again , for a total of ten years past the time we should have been released. One of the reasons the parole board gave to justify not releasing us is that we are a threat to the safety of the community. This is not true. People are not afraid of MOVE People. Move People ain't strangling people to death, shooting people in the back. It ain't MOVE that killed a man in front of his fiancé and four year old child. MOVE is not drive by shooting, or terrorizing folks in the community. It's the community who is faxing, emailing, and calling the parole board asking for our release on parole. 
It is the Parole Board and D.A. John Straub who continue to deny our release for no valid reason. On August 8th 1978, hundreds of cops attacked our home at 3:00am in the morning trying to kill us. They couldn't kill us that day, so they are trying to finish the job in these prisons but understand: John Straub and the Parole Board are not justified. MOVE did not go out to the Police's house to do them harm. The Cops came to our house, because a judge sent them to our house to serve bench warrants for not appearing in court not for rape, murder, kidnapping or abuse but for not appearing in court for a civil matter. Understand this: hundreds of cops were sent to our home, while we were asleep, dressed in swat gear, armed with all type of weaponry, semi -automatic weapons, fire fighters, smoke bombs, tear gas, a deluge gun, a crane and a bulldozer to serve bench warrants, for a housing code violation. 
“Move People ain't strangling people to death, shooting people in the back.” 
It was the Police who came to Move’s premises. They came armed to the teeth and in their frenzy to kill MOVE, they killed one of their own, and condemned us for it. We are not making this up. The evidence is clear. 
The whole world witnessed the attack on the MOVE house May 13th 1985, where the house was bombed into a blazing inferno, the six adults were shot and killed and the five children were shot back into the house by police as they tried to escape the burning flames where they died . These are proven Facts. During the city’s investigation hearing, it was ruled that the cops used excessive force and the killings were wrongful deaths. Those children were our children in that house that day, yet not one cop or official connected to the bombing of our family were held accountable, responsible for these deaths like the parole board is telling The MOVE 9 we have to take responsibility for a crime when the District Attorney never proved MOVE had killed a police officer. 
We have no weapons charges and the judge admitted on public radio to the caller, Mumia Abu Jamal [a radio journalist at the time], that he didn't have the faintest idea who shot the police officer. It's a fact that world renowned forensic experts Dr. Ali Hameli and Claus Speth ruled the deaths of the children HOMICIDES in a scathing report against the city, submitted to the assistant District Attorney Joan Weimer, but the grand jury did nothing. 
“It's time for everybody to start speaking freely in protest of all this free wheeling injustice.” 
The Move 9 have spent almost 40 years in prison for killing a cop, with no real proof. The whole world saw the Philadelphia police murder our children and family, and they have not spent a day in prison for it. But, what is the difference in these lives? Does a MOVE child not bleed, when they are shot? Does a MOVE parent not feel pain when their baby is killed, just because they are not cops or officials? Does the murder of a MOVE child, the pain of MOVE parent, the heartache of a black person's suffering still fall on deaf ears like the slaves who cried out when their babies, women and men were sold, killed, and whipped by slave owners? Ask yourself. Things may seem to have changed since those awful days, but the mentality is still very much existing. 
Just look around and listen. Black lives (Don't) Matter. That's why these cops are getting away with killing Black Men, Women, and Children. That's why The MOVE 9 are still in prison almost 40 years for killing a cop, and the cops responsible for killing 11 MOVE people, five of them children, are walking around like they are clean and without guilt. It's the mentality that makes them feel nothing after killing people. Because to them MOVE lives (Don't) matter. It's time for everybody to start speaking freely in protest of all this free wheeling injustice. People must understand this necessity of speaking out now. 
We are asking for people to sign The Petition we have aimed at United States Attorney General Loretta Lynch demanding that The United States Justice Dept open up an investigation into the ongoing and wrongful imprisonment of The MOVE 9. People can sign the petition at Https://causes.com/92454-free-the-move-9 . Speak out with the understanding that when speaking of MOVE, you are speaking up for yourself. It can't get better for MOVE without getting better for you. 
Looking Forward To The May 2017 MOVE Conference In Philadelphia. 
Ona Move",0
1982,California Cops Accuse Illegal Immigrant of Child Sex Abuse,"An illegal immigrant from El Salvador is being accused of sexually assaulting a 5   girl in Fullerton, California. [Rigoberto Arevalo Cubias, 30, is being accused by the Fullerton Police Department of “engaging in sexual intercourse of sodomy” with a    as Fox News reported.  Cubias, according to Fullerton police, goes by a number of aliases, including Jose Cubias, Jose Cubias Arevalo, Jose Riberto Cubias and Jose Alfonso Cubias Arevalo. Cubias also has an outstanding $50, 000 arrest warrant from 2014 when he got a DUI for drunk driving. Fullerton police expect that Cubias may have gotten rid of his vehicle and cellphone in order to evade capture. “Detectives believe that Cubias now knows he is wanted by police and he is on the run from law enforcement,” Fullerton police said in a news release. Cubias is described by police as a Hispanic male with black hair and brown eyes, weighing about 185 pounds and approximately 5’7”. Fullerton police are encouraging anyone with information on Cubias’ whereabouts to contact Detective Carin Wright at (714)  . The news of Cubias’ accusations against him comes just a couple days after the Santa Maria Joint High School District announced that they would make their public schools a “safe haven” for illegal immigrants and their families, as Breitbart Texas reported. District Board President Carol Karamitsos said the policy was “super important for our students, our families and our community as a whole. ” John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
1983,CNN Catches Trump Making Sure His Wife Votes For Him – Twitter Erupts In Laughter (VIDEO),"TRUMP: who are you voting forMELANIA: none of your damn business pic.twitter.com/feCBRLKitX 
— an online pigeon (@imskytrash) November 8, 2016 
Others mused what might be going on Melania’s mind: Trump forced to keep his eye on his wife while voting. #ElectionDay pic.twitter.com/drMcRo2pdV 
— David Schneider (@davidschneider) November 8, 2016 Melania didn't even vote; she just scrawled ""Help Me"" on her ballot. 
Some couldn’t resist commenting on how the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree, as Eric Trump was also caught peeking at his wife’s ballot. Like father, like son pic.twitter.com/dqnoEZF4xf 
— Nathan McDermott (@natemcdermott) November 8, 2016 
Interestingly, this may not be the only common Election Day indiscretion the father and son have in common. Trump’s peeking violates the New York State law outlining the privacy of voters as pointed out by Alex Howard: When you vote on #ElectionDay , remember election laws require us to respect the privacy of others: https://t.co/dwXtM3avWB pic.twitter.com/0lXFaWGztU 
— Alex Howard (@digiphile) November 8, 2016 
Earlier, Eric Trump tweeted a picture of his own ballot today, which is also illegal . He subsequently deleted it. I’m sure Donald Sr. wishes the Peeping Trump photo of him could be deleted as well. 
Featured image via CNN screengrab Share this Article!",0
1984,Bangladesh Says It Now Knows Who’s Killing the Bloggers - The New York Times,"DHAKA, Bangladesh  —   The young man, inching past a crowded checkpoint near a truck stand in Bangladesh’s capital, caught the attention of an alert police officer. His backpack, together with his appearance, from the unshaven beard to the long Punjabi tunic over baggy pants, set off the suspicion that he was an Islamist militant. The man was arrested after he was found to be carrying a machete, an unregistered pistol and six bullets. The discovery of the weapons raised alarms. For the last three years, atheist writers, freethinkers, foreigners, religious minorities, gay rights activists and others have been terrorized and killed in Bangladesh by shadowy figures who have struck with machetes and sped off on motorbikes. Little was known about the attackers, except that they were Islamist radicals, and that their assaults have been coming with   frequency this year. The detained man refused to discuss much, saying only that he was Saiful Islam, 23 years old and a teacher at a local madrasa, or Islamic school. But the picture filled in six days later, when two    men, arrested after running from the site of another fatal attack, identified the madrasa teacher as a fellow conspirator. That touched off a cascade of revelations that, for the first time, has allowed the Bangladeshi authorities to penetrate the murky world of the attackers and answer questions about the planning, execution and purpose of the attacks that have baffled the country  —   and, indeed, the world  —   since the violence began. At least 39 people have been killed in attacks with machetes, guns and bombs since February 2013. The killings, mostly with machete blows to the back of the victim’s neck, have been accelerating lately, with five people murdered in April, four in May and at least three so far in June. On Sunday, a Christian grocer and the wife of a police superintendent who had been cracking down on militant attacks were killed in separate strikes. On Tuesday, a Hindu priest was killed in southwestern Bangladesh. In a lengthy interview, the chief of the police counterterrorism unit, Monirul Islam, who assumed his post in February, laid out the findings of his investigation in minute detail. The killings were organized by two militant Islamic groups that have gathered volunteers and recruits, trained them and eventually seeded them into cells run by a commander, Mr. Islam said. They have tried to pick their targets with care, with the aim of gaining support from the public, he said, and trained teams of killers. Their goal was to convert Bangladesh’s mixed secular and religious culture to an Islamist one, the chief investigator said. The Bangladeshi authorities say that they now believe they have identified the top leadership of the two groups they say are responsible, and that they are preparing to round them up. Only when the leaders are caught, they caution, will the attacks be stopped, and at that, only for a while if the appeal of Islamic fundamentalism is not blunted. Bangladesh, a nation with a Muslim majority adjoining eastern India, gained independence from Pakistan in a vicious war in 1971 and established a secular, democratic government. A military coup in 1975 led to more than three decades of mostly   governments sympathetic to Islamic fundamentalists, until a secular government returned to power in 2009 with an overwhelming majority. But secularism is far from universally accepted in Bangladesh, and has always had to contend with a conservative Islamic culture. To a surprising extent, the militants have succeeded in their aim of discrediting secularism, the chief investigator said. “In general, people think they have done the right thing, that it’s not unjustifiable to kill” the bloggers, gay people and other secularists, he added. They have also put the secular government on the defensive. As a result, even as the government has condemned the killings, it has urged writers not to criticize Islam and warned that advocating “unnatural sex” is a criminal offense. Some experts say that only a more widespread crackdown will stop the killings, but that the government has held back, fearful of creating a backlash. “The politics has been turned into the secular versus the Islamists,” said Abdur Rashid, a retired army major general and executive director of the Institute of Conflict, Law and Development Studies in Dhaka. “Therefore the government is cautious. ” While the killers’ strikes often appear random, Mr. Islam says the terrorism campaign was conceived by the militant groups quite deliberately as a response to mass protests in early 2013, known collectively as the Shahbag movement. Inspired by a group of bloggers who led the protests, the demonstrators advocated an end to   politics and the prosecution of war crimes dating to the 1971 war for independence. War crimes prosecutions have been a particular source of anger for Islamists. They were shelved during the period of   rule but revived under the new democratic government in 2009. Four of the five convicted and executed in the latest round of trials were leaders in the country’s largest Islamist political party,    outraging Muslim fundamentalists and others. Two groups in particular took up the fight against secularism, Mr. Islam said. One, Ansar   is led by a fiery cleric and a charismatic,   operational commander, both of whom Mr. Islam declined to identify because they are being watched. Its leaders command about 25 trained killers, some of whom have been involved in three or four attacks, Mr. Islam said. The second, the Jama’atul Mujahedeen Bangladesh, is the reorganized offshoot of a group banned in 2005 for setting off nearly 500 bombs simultaneously around the country. While both are radical Islamist groups, Mr. Islam said, neither seems to have direct links to larger terrorist networks like Al Qaeda and the Islamic State, though those groups have occasionally claimed credit for the attacks. The Islamist groups appear to have reacted quickly to the Shahbag movement, mounting their first fatal attack on Feb. 15, 2013, against a blogger who wrote critically of Islam under the pseudonym Thaba Baba. It was carried out by a group of students from North South University in Dhaka, who were incited by the sermons of the spiritual leader of Ansar   at the time, a    cleric named Jasim Uddin Rahmani. The students used to attend his Friday speeches at a local mosque where Mr. Rahmani, who has since been arrested, declared a fatwa on bloggers critical of Islam, calling for them to be killed, Mr. Islam said. As it happened, one of the students, a    senior named Redwanul Azad Rana, was also a leader in Ansar   Mr. Islam said. He invited the younger students to Mr. Rahmani’s sermons and introduced them to the writings of Thaba Baba. “Being a believer, it is your duty to kill” Thaba Baba, Mr. Rana told the students, one of them said in his confession in court. Prodded by Mr. Rana, “we made a plan to kill Islam’s and Prophet Muhammad’s insulter Thaba Baba by identifying him,” the student, Faisal Bin Nayeem, 24, said in the statement. He said they found Thaba Baba’s picture on Facebook, then searched for someone matching it at the Shahbag protest, still underway at the time. Eventually, they identified a    architect, Ahmed Rajib Haider, as Thaba Baba. After studying Mr. Haider’s routines, three of them surprised him outside his house around 9 p. m. Mr. Nayeem said he drove his machete into the back of Mr. Haider’s neck and hit him twice more as he fell forward. Ansar   with the help of mainstream Islamist groups, then began to publicize Mr. Haider’s writings, casting the killers as defenders of Islam against “atheist bloggers. ” The writings, published in at least two national dailies, enraged large segments of the population, who had previously been sympathetic to the Shahbag movement, Mr. Islam said. During the next two months, two more bloggers were killed. The police began arresting the North South University students who were involved in killing Mr. Haider, and also caught Mr. Rahmani, the cleric who inspired them. But Mr. Rana, the student leader, remains at large and is thought to have left the country. Mr. Islam said he believes these arrests stopped Ansar    —   also known as the Ansarullah Bangla Team  —   from killing more people in 2013 and 2014. But the group reorganized the terrorist cells, he said, and the killing resumed. In February of last year, Mr. Islam said, Ansar attackers killed Avijit Roy, 42, an American citizen of Bangladeshi origin. Mr. Roy worked by day in the biotechnology industry in the United States and by night as a writer of books on science, homosexuality and religion, in addition to founding a website called   Bengali for freethinker. From the growing number of attackers in detention, the police learned that the newly reconstituted Ansar   had changed its tactics, now recruiting madrasa students and teachers instead of university students to carry out killings. Mr. Islam said a violent protest by the madrasa students in May 2013 convinced Ansar   leaders that they were a more promising source of fanatical recruits than their university counterparts. The training and indoctrination of the recruits became more rigorous and systematic at that time, Mr. Islam said. The cell that assassinated another blogger, Oyasiqur Rahman Babu, 27, just a month after Mr. Roy’s killing rented an apartment where two senior operatives worked with the group of   killers. One, an operations expert, taught them how to kill with a machete and use a pistol to scatter anyone interrupting the attack. Armed with Mr. Babu’s picture and his address, the assassins were sent to his home to assess the situation and returned to a barrage of questions from the trainer. “What happens if you are stopped? What will you do?” he asked them, Mr. Islam said. Close to the planned date of the attack, the other operative, an ideologist, introduced the killers to Mr. Babu’s writings. The students were given samples calculated to stir them up. “What is the punishment for someone who writes these insults?” the trainer asked them. The group answered in unison, day after day, “Only death,” the arrested students told investigators. Mr. Islam said the hardest part for the police was identifying the leaders, who were so concerned about security that they would not give their real names to the madrasa students they were training. Still, the police have now identified a trainer involved in planning the attack on Mr. Babu. Last month they printed the suspect’s picture, along with those of five others accused of participating in the killings, in local dailies, offering rewards of up to 500, 000 takas, about $6, 400, for information leading to their arrests. The other militant group, the reorganized Jama’atul Mujahedeen Bangladesh, works independently of Ansar   and almost exclusively in northern Bangladesh, the chief investigator said. But the group is less professional than Ansar   he said, making mistakes that are costing it public support. The group has trained 50 to 100 madrasa students as killers, he said, organizing them into cells of four or five. But through shoddy research, many of the victims have turned out to be popular local figures. Among them: a homeopathic doctor who used to give free treatment to villagers, and an English professor at Rajshahi University who was not known to have written critically of Islam. When detained militants learned that a    Japanese man they had slaughtered had converted to Islam in 2015, they told investigators they were upset over their mistake. With all the   the communities turned against them. With the public’s support, Mr. Islam said, the police quickly rounded up the suspected hit men and several of their handlers in most of the Jama’atul Mujahedeen Bangladesh killings, and were in pursuit of the senior leadership. Many in Bangladesh continue to live in terror.   associates of one victim, a gay rights activist, have taken refuge in safe houses provided by diplomatic missions. Several dozen bloggers have fled the country. Those who remain have grown fatalistic. “On this journey, we’ll lose our lives,” Arif Jebtik, 39, one of the leaders of the Shahbag movement, said in an interview in his Dhaka apartment, which he rarely leaves. He has quit his job, closed his blog and stopped dropping his children off at school. “This is the price we have to pay to history,” he said.",0
1986,"After Lawsuit, New Jersey Allows Driver to Get ‘8THEIST’ License Plate - The New York Times","Drivers in New Jersey will be able to request vanity license plates that reference their belief in atheism after the state’s Motor Vehicle Commission settled a lawsuit this month filed by a woman whose request for a license plate that said “8THEIST” was rejected almost three years ago. Shannon Morgan, a resident of Leesburg, N. J. applied for the license plate in November 2013 but was told her application had been denied because the plate “may carry connotations offensive to good taste and decency,” according to court papers posted online last week. After she received that rejection, Ms. Morgan used the state’s online application form to apply for a plate that said “BAPTIST” and was quickly approved, said Richard B. Katskee, the legal director for Americans United for Separation of Church and State, an advocacy group in Washington that acted as her legal counsel. It sued the commission in April 2014. “She rightly realized that it was a   case of religious discrimination against atheists and nonbelievers,” Mr. Katskee said. The Motor Vehicle Commission rejects that characterization. Mairin Bellack, a spokeswoman for the commission, said the rejection of Ms. Morgan’s initial application was an “oversight. ” “Yes, there was an initial denial, but as soon as it was brought to our attention it was rectified immediately,” Ms. Bellack said. “She has the right to apply for the plate, and the plate is available to anyone, including this individual. ” Under the terms of the settlement agreement, which was dated Aug. 4 but not announced until last Friday, Ms. Morgan will receive the license plate she requested in 2013 once she reapplies and sends in the usual application fee of $50. The commission will also pay $75, 000 for her legal fees. In a statement, Barry W. Lynn, the executive director for Americans United for Separation of Church and State, said Ms. Morgan wanted the state “to stop disparaging her nonbelief and cease treating her like a   citizen. ” “The lesson of this case is simple: The government should treat believers and nonbelievers equally,” Mr. Lynn said. Ms. Morgan said she was pleased with the settlement but also alarmed by online critics who threatened to vandalize her car if they happened to see her now   license plate. “I am almost hesitant to display my tag,” she said. “I cannot wrap my brain around the thought that anyone would vandalize a vehicle simply because they do not share the driver’s belief system. ” Atheist drivers will not be the only ones to benefit from the settlement. The Motor Vehicle Commission also agreed to honor license plate applications that contained language related to atheism, feminism or L. G. B. T. people, including phrases like “EQUALITY,” “LGBTQ,” “4WOMEN” and “SECULAR. ” Mr. Katskee said Ms. Morgan and her legal team “made up the list with an eye toward things she might want in the future and that were otherwise at risk of having the same sort of discrimination. ” Ms. Bellack, the spokeswoman for the commission, said it had issued   license plates in the past. That offered little relief to Ms. Morgan’s lawyer, however, who said her legal team pursued a lawsuit because it was concerned the commission might reject future license plate applications its employees found distasteful. Ms. Morgan’s application was the second instance in less than two years that the commission had rejected an atheist license plate, Mr. Katskee said. The first was when David Silverman, the president of an organization called American Atheists, applied for a license plate that said “ATHE1ST” in 2013. The commission rejected his application because it was deemed “offensive,” Mr. Silverman said, but he appealed the decision in writing and the commission reversed course two days later. “The issue is not that I was able to get my plate, the problem was that the system discriminated against me and made me appeal,” Mr. Silverman said. He added: “Atheism is not a dirty word. It’s a great word, in fact. ”",0
1987,EXCLUSIVE -- Mexico Caught Lying in Extradition Fight for Fugitive Governor,"REYNOSA, Tamaulipas  —   Diplomatic tensions have arisen over the Mexican government trying to keep a corrupt politician from extradition to the U. S. where he is facing drug trafficking and money laundering charges.   The information provided by Mexican authorities has been called into question after Breitbart Texas learned that agents with U. S. Homeland Security Investigations in Brownsville, Texas, and Rome were the ones responsible for locating Yarrington. The former politician is wanted in the U. S. on a criminal indictment accusing him of laundering cartel bribes and helping drug cartels traffic freely in Veracruz and Tamaulipas.  A diplomatic source close to the investigation revealed to Breitbart Texas that U. S. agents had been pursuing Yarrington for a long time and the arrest was done with the help of Italian authorities with the full intent of sending Yarrington to the U. S. Mexican authorities did not play a role in the arrest, the source revealed.  After the capture, Mexican authorities took credit and moved in to request that Yarrington be turned over to them since he is also wanted here on a warrant accusing him of engaging in organized criminal activity.  The dual requests for extradition has led to diplomatic tug of war where both the U. S. and Mexico are actively fighting to have Yarrington sent to their respective courts. The move by Mexican diplomats is similar to the efforts used to force Spain to release former Coahuila, Governor Humberto Moreira. During the 2012 presidential election, Moreira left the Coahuila governorship to serve as the leader of the Institutional Revolutionary Party where current President Enrique Peña Nieto was elected.  As Breitbart Texas reported, in 2016 Spanish authorities arrested Moreira on money laundering charges claiming he had been a surrogate for Los Zetas. That country eventually released Moreira after Mexican diplomats pressured their Spanish counterparts. The Spanish court hearings pointed to a U. S. investigation into the former governor. Ildefonso Ortiz is an   journalist with Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook. Brandon Darby is managing director and    of Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook.",0
1988,"‘I Was a Spy’: He Lived a Hidden Life, and Now Fears Deportation - The New York Times","One evening in February, a man entering the subway at Barclays Center in Brooklyn was detained by the police for using a discounted student MetroCard  —   his daughter’s, it turned out. It was, he would say later, a stupid mistake that would lead to absurd consequences: The man, Blerim Skoro, a citizen of Kosovo, now sits in jail, facing potential deportation. But Mr. Skoro was no mere hapless  . “I was working for U. S. government,” he told a United States asylum officer in May, explaining his past life overseas and why he was now afraid of being sent back to Kosovo, a transcript shows. “I was trained for Washington. I was a spy. ” A native of the old Yugoslavia, Mr. Skoro, 45, appears to have lived a remarkable, if hidden, life that sprang from his arrest in 2000 on federal drug charges he began cooperating with prosecutors in his case and others, pleaded guilty and received a   sentence. After Sept. 11, 2001, he says in an affidavit, he became a prison informer for the Federal Bureau of Investigation, providing leads on fellow inmates with terrorist ties. After completing his sentence, he said, he was deported in 2007, but agreed to continue working for the government overseas. He says he posed as a willing operative and insinuated himself with members of Al Qaeda in the Balkans, secretly supplying the Central Intelligence Agency with information about plots and the people behind them. After the C. I. A. cut ties with him in 2010, he says, he eventually returned to the United States via Canada  —   illegally, he admits  —   and last year, with the help of a lawyer, met separately with the F. B. I. and counterterrorism officials with the New York Police Department, trying unsuccessfully to offer clandestine assistance in the fight against the Islamic State. Spy stories, by their nature, are often unverifiable, and government officials are typically loath to discuss such accounts. Indeed, a bureau spokesman, asked about Mr. Skoro, said he could not “confirm or deny” any part of the story. The C. I. A. the Police Department and the United States attorney’s office in Brooklyn also declined to comment. Mr. Skoro, in several hours of interviews at the Bergen County Jail in northern New Jersey and by phone, showed a deep command of people, places and other facts, and said his information was corroborated through videos, photographs and copies of texts he had given his lawyers. Mr. Skoro, whose wife and three children, all American citizens, live in New York City, said he still had much to offer the authorities. “I dealt with the most ruthless, dangerous terrorists in Balkans and Middle East,” he said. Mr. Skoro, a practicing Muslim, said others of his faith should be willing to covertly assist in the fight against ISIS. But he suggested that his detention would send the opposite message. Muslims, he said, will ask, “How we can trust our government when you’re going to put the spies in the prison?” Mr. Skoro first entered the United States in 1994. In the 2000 drug importation case that led to his cooperation with the government, he transported at least 14 kilograms of heroin and cocaine and laundered about $670, 000 in drug proceeds, the judge said at his sentencing. Prosecutors recommended leniency, citing his assistance and noting he had provided significant intelligence about drug traffickers in the city’s Albanian community. Mr. Skoro says the F. B. I. promised he would be allowed to stay in the country after serving his sentence and acting as a prison informer. But after being told in 2007 that he would be deported, he said he left his bitterness behind and agreed to work for the agency abroad. He received training in a safe house in Macedonia, and took on assignments in Pakistan, the Balkans, Syria and elsewhere, he said, posing as a jihadist who had become radicalized in prison. “Nobody was ever suspicious of me,” he said. “I was  . ” In Egypt, Mr. Skoro says in his affidavit, he befriended Betim Kaziu, a man who later told him of his plans to attack United States troops stationed in Kosovo, and had even recorded a martyrdom video. Mr. Skoro said he passed the information to the C. I. A. and Mr. Kaziu was later arrested, tried and convicted in Brooklyn and sentenced to 27 years. In 2010, Mr. Skoro says, he was shot and wounded on the way to a C. I. A. debriefing in Macedonia. He managed to escape, but the agency ended the relationship, paying him the equivalent of about $35, 000 to $40, 000 in euros, he said. The next year, while seeking asylum in Canada, Mr. Skoro was interviewed by the journalist Vincent Larouche for the online publication Rue Frontenac. The article, titled “The Fugitive With 1, 000 Secrets,” referred to him by the pseudonym Abu it characterized his story as “convincing” but noted that much of his account could not be confirmed. Aspects of his story also emerged in a 2015 court decision in Canada, related to an asylum request he had made that used his actual name, and cited his claim to have been a C. I. A. spy who had infiltrated Islamic terror cells. Stéphane Handfield, a Montreal lawyer who represented Mr. Skoro in Canada, said his asylum request was rejected in 2013, and a request to a federal court  for review was dismissed in 2015. But Mr. Skoro had already slipped into the United States illegally in November 2014. In New York, he says, he made contact with several lawyers who said recently that they found his story to be credible. One, Rene A. Kathawala, who leads the pro bono practice at Orrick, Herrington  Sutcliff, said his firm would do everything possible to assist Mr. Skoro and his immigration lawyer, Irwin Berowitz, in his deportation case. Mr. Berowitz said an asylum officer who recently interviewed Mr. Skoro found him credible and that he had established a “reasonable fear of persecution” if deported to Kosovo. That finding allowed the case to be sent to an immigration judge for further proceedings, Mr. Berowitz said. Mr. Skoro was also referred to Joshua L. Dratel, a lawyer who has developed a national security practice. Mr. Skoro approached him in April 2015, intent on providing “proactive undercover assistance to law enforcement” with respect to ISIS, Mr. Dratel said in a declaration that is also part of the immigration case. Mr. Skoro initially told Mr. Dratel that he would be receiving a call from an American official, who would refer to Mr. Skoro by a code name, the declaration says. Mr. Dratel said he received such a call. The caller asked whether Mr. Skoro was overseas, in which case he could “use him. ” But if he was in the United States, he was “off limits,” the caller said. When Mr. Dratel said Mr. Skoro was in the United States, the caller gave Mr. Dratel the name and number of a senior F. B. I. counterterrorism official in Washington. In June 2015, Mr. Dratel said, Mr. Skoro eventually met at his office with two F. B. I. agents one agent, Mr. Dratel recalled, said the C. I. A. had confirmed to the bureau that Mr. Skoro had a former relationship with the agency. In November, Mr. Dratel arranged for Mr. Skoro to meet with New York police officials, including John J. Miller, the deputy commissioner for intelligence and counterterrorism. But the bureau and the police ultimately declined to use Mr. Skoro. One senior government official said that officials who met with Mr. Skoro had questioned his reliability. The official declined to be identified because he was not authorized to speak publicly about the case. Jack Cloonan, a retired F. B. I. counterterrorism agent who was involved in the bureau’s investigation of Al Qaeda in the 1990s, said he had never heard of Mr. Skoro and had no idea if his claims were authentic. But he said the case underscored how important it was for the government to have someone who was Muslim and operational who could carry out acts that the intelligence agencies need. Mr. Cloonan also surmised that Mr. Skoro might have been considered unusable by the authorities because his identity had been divulged in Canada, or because there were questions about whether he could be trusted. But Mr. Cloonan said he also understood why officials would have wanted to meet with him. “There’s a clear indication that everybody is scrambling,” Mr. Cloonan said. “Everyone is trying to get information, because we don’t know if there’s going to be another attack on the homeland. ” After Mr. Skoro’s illegal   arrest in March, he was jailed without bond after federal prosecutors in Brooklyn argued he might flee. But on March 23, one day after ISIS’ deadly attacks in Brussels, a prosecutor called Mr. Dratel and said the government was now interested in meeting with Mr. Skoro to determine whether he could be of assistance. Mr. Dratel said he met with prosecutors alone, outlining what his client knew and providing copies of screen shots of certain text messages between Mr. Skoro and a purported ISIS operative in Syria. Two days later, the government, without elaboration, moved to dismiss Mr. Skoro’s illegal   charge. The prosecutors did not pursue a meeting with him directly, Mr. Dratel said. He was then moved into immigration custody, where he remains today.",0
1989,"Zika, Olympics, U.S. Presidential Race: Your Weekend Briefing - The New York Times","Here are the week’s top stories, and a look ahead. 1. Southern Florida is ramping up mosquito control measures, with health authorities on the alert for new areas of Zika transmission. Pregnant women are being warned to avoid two neighborhoods in the Miami area where the virus is spreading, including the tourist haven of South Beach. The virus can attack fetal brain cells, but appears to pose little risk to most adults. Here is what we know and don’t know about the cases in southern Florida. _____ 2. Southern Louisiana began the long recovery from vast floods set off by days of staggering rains. The stricken area is believed to encompass a population of some 280, 000 people and 110, 000 homes, more than a third of which have been damaged. Many may be uninsured. Here are before and after photographs of the flooding. President Obama, who returns from a family vacation on Martha’s Vineyard today, heads to the area on Tuesday. _____ 3. What an Olympics! At least 19 new world records, and odd, hilarious and unexpected moments beyond the competition, amplified by social media. Foremost: the swimmer Ryan Lochte’s discredited account of a fracas that witnesses and video revealed was actually a bout of drunken vandalism. There are only a few more competitions before the closing ceremony (8 p. m. Eastern, NBC, reflecting a   tape delay). The gymnast Simone Biles will carry the U. S. flag. Our full coverage is here. _____ 4. It’s a tumultuous time in the presidential race. A judge’s ruling ensured that questions about Hillary Clinton’s email while she was secretary of state will continue to shadow her. Bill Clinton announced that, if Mrs. Clinton wins in November, the Clinton Foundation will cease accepting the large foreign donations that have long powered its philanthropy  —   and raised questions about governmental favoritism. A series of celebrities appear with or hold   to help Mrs. Clinton’s bid this week, including Cher today, Leonardo DiCaprio on Tuesday and the Apple C. E. O. Tim Cook on Wednesday. _____ 5. Donald Trump’s campaign made a final break with efforts to mute his aggressive style, placing the reins in the hands of a firebrand from the “ ”  Breitbart News. That move, coming amid signs of weakening support from Mr. Trump’s base of   white men, added to Republican fears of a “death spiral” that could cost their party congressional control. A Times investigation found that the Trump Organization has more than $600 million in debt and depends on financial backers Mr. Trump has publicly attacked, like Goldman Sachs. _____ 6. Was the N. S. A. hacked? The publication of what appeared to be some of its secret computer code suggested that someone had access for a period that ended when the agency overhauled security in the wake of Edward Snowden’s revelations of its domestic surveillance. Mr. Snowden, pictured above on a video link from exile in Russia last year, offered his own best guess: The code might be a warning from Russia that a harsh U. S. response to the hacking of Democratic officials’ emails could unleash revelations of U. S. interventions in other countries’ elections. _____ 7. New light was shed on two major points of dispute. Officials at the State Department admitted that they delayed making a $400 million payment to Iran for several hours in January “to retain maximum leverage” during the release of three American prisoners. They continued to reject Republican assertions that the payment was ransom. And the United Nations acknowledged a role in Haiti’s cholera epidemic, ending years of official disregard for scientific findings that Nepalese peacekeepers allowed their infected feces to enter the country’s most important river system, above, in 2010. The U. N. is asking member nations to fund the recovery. _____ 8. The future, or at least one part of it, is closer than we thought. Uber will begin testing   cars in Pittsburgh within weeks. Reassuringly, the cars will have “backup drivers. ” But Ford announced that it would be   driverless cars  —   with no steering wheel, gas pedal or brake  —   for commercial operation in a   service by 2021. If someone had announced this five years ago, the chief executive said, “they would have been called crazy or nuts or both. ” _____ 9. Russia is escalating its military intervention in Syria again. Cruise missiles launched from Mediterranean warships and bombers supplied at an Iranian base joined Syrian government forces in trying to turn back insurgents near Aleppo. A screengrab of this boy, who was rescued from the wreckage of one bombing run, quickly became a symbol of civilian despair. _____ 10. Europe’s disquiet over a   influx of refugees, many of them Muslim, found new expression in battles over whether women’s head and body coverings represent the “enslavement of women” and a “cloth cage. ” A series of French mayors banned the   burkini swimsuit from beaches, and Germany’s governing bloc called for a ban on face veils while driving or in school. Some see the moves as efforts to police a narrow vision of national identity. _____ 11. Frank Ocean surprised the music world. The experimental RB singer released his   second album, the   “Blonde,” on Apple Music. And a “visual album. ” And, at   stores in New York, London, Los Angeles and Chicago, an ambitious art magazine, “Boys Don’t Cry. ” By the way, our critic writes that some music shoppers prefer Bandcamp, an online music site known for its underground and punk collections and equitable treatment of artists. Check out our music critics’ podcast: They discuss how some white rappers  —   think   Mike Stud, Lil Dicky and Post Malone  —   are reconfiguring race in  . _____ 12. Finally, happy 100th birthday, National Park Service. Events all week  —   including a huge gathering at Yellowstone on the official anniversary, Thursday  —   honor the government agency charged with preserving more than 84 million acres in 50 states “for the enjoyment of future generations. ” Just think how many species that applies to. Have a great week. _____ Your Weekend Briefing is published Sundays at 6 a. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Evening Briefing, weeknights at 6 p. m. Eastern. Want to look back? Here’s Friday’s Evening Briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
1990,"Foreign Payments to Trump Firms Violate Constitution, Suit Will Claim - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   A team of prominent constitutional scholars, Supreme Court litigators and former White House ethics lawyers intends to file a lawsuit Monday morning alleging that President Trump is violating the Constitution by allowing his hotels and other business operations to accept payments from foreign governments. The lawsuit is among a barrage of legal actions against the Trump administration that have been initiated or are being planned by major liberal advocacy organizations. Such suits are among the few outlets they have to challenge the administration now that Republicans are in control of the government. In the new case, the lawyers argue that a provision in the Constitution known as the Emoluments Clause bans payments from foreign powers like the ones to Mr. Trump’s companies. They cite fears among the framers of the Constitution that United States officials could be corrupted by gifts or payments. The suit, which will not seek any monetary damages, will ask a federal court in New York to order Mr. Trump to stop taking payments from foreign government entities. Such payments, it says, include those from patrons at Trump hotels and golf courses loans for his office buildings from certain banks controlled by foreign governments and leases with tenants like the Abu Dhabi tourism office, a government enterprise. “The framers of the Constitution were students of history,” said Deepak Gupta, one of the lawyers behind the suit. “And they understood that one way a republic could fail is if foreign powers could corrupt our elected leaders. ” The president’s son Eric Trump, who is an executive vice president of the Trump Organization, said the company had taken more steps than required by law to avoid legal exposure, such as agreeing to donate any profits collected at   hotels that come from foreign government guests to the United States Treasury. “This is purely harassment for political gain, and, frankly, I find it very, very sad,” he said in an interview on Sunday. The president’s lawyers have argued that the constitutional provision does not apply to   payments, such as a standard hotel room bill, and is intended only to prevent federal officials from accepting a special consideration or gift from a foreign power. “No one would have thought when the Constitution was written that paying your hotel bill was an emolument,” one of the lawyers, Sheri A. Dillon, a partner at Morgan Lewis, said at a news conference this month. The legal team filing the lawsuit includes Laurence H. Tribe, a Harvard constitutional scholar Norman L. Eisen, an Obama administration ethics lawyer and Erwin Chemerinsky, the dean of the law school at the University of California, Irvine. Among the others are Richard W. Painter, an ethics counsel in the administration of George W. Bush Mr. Gupta, a Supreme Court litigator who has three cases pending before the court and Zephyr Teachout, a Fordham University law professor and former congressional candidate who has been studying and writing about the Emoluments Clause for nearly a decade. Ms. Teachout said the one place of potential concern was a nation like China, which rents space at Trump Tower in New York and is a major lender to an office building in New York that Mr. Trump controls in part. Foreign governments, Ms. Teachout and other ethics experts warn, could rent out rooms in Trump hotels as a way to send a message to the Trump family. “If you think other countries are not going to try to leverage relationships with Trump’s companies to influence trade or military policy, that is naïve,” she said. But Andy Grewal, a University of Iowa law school professor, argued in an academic paper published last week that a payment to a hotel owned by the Trump family, like the Trump International Hotel in Washington, would not violate the Emoluments Clause because the money is paid to a corporate entity and not to Mr. Trump directly. “There is no connection between the payment and performance of services by the president personally,” Mr. Grewal said. “It would be a lot of fun to watch,” he said of the lawsuit, “but I imagine it will be kicked out. ” Mr. Eisen said the legal team intended to use the lawsuit to try to get a copy of Mr. Trump’s federal tax returns, which are needed to properly assess what income or other payments or loans Mr. Trump has received from foreign governments. The plaintiff in the lawsuit is a liberal group known as Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, which until recently was controlled by David Brock, a Democratic Party operative and fervent supporter of Hillary Clinton’s campaign. Mr. Eisen now serves as chairman of the organization’s board, and Mr. Painter is vice chairman. The lawsuit may run into trouble, other legal experts said, given that CREW, as the organization is known, must demonstrate that it would suffer direct and concrete injury to give it standing to sue. The group says it has suffered harm by having to divert resources from other work to monitor and respond to Mr. Trump’s activities. For example, the group said, it has answered hundreds of questions from news organizations. In a 1982 decision, the Supreme Court ruled that a civil rights organization had standing to sue because its use of black “testers” to see whether landlords and home sellers were abiding by federal law had hurt its ability to conduct other activities. But in recent decades, and outside the context of civil rights violations, the court has often been skeptical of broad assertions of standing. Regardless of the lawsuit’s fate, it is just the first hint of the legal assault that the Trump administration will face. Anthony D. Romero, the executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union, said it was separately looking for plaintiffs to file a lawsuit alleging that Mr. Trump is violating the Emoluments Clause. It hopes to find a hotel or    that might compete against a Trump hotel as a party with standing to sue. The A. C. L. U. filed an extensive Freedom of Information Act request on Thursday asking the Justice Department, the General Services Administration and the Office of Government Ethics for all legal opinions and memos they have prepared addressing financial or ethical conflicts that Mr. Trump might face. It could potentially use those documents in litigation against the Trump administration. CREW filed a separate complaint with the General Services Administration on Friday over a provision that appears to prohibit the leasing of the Old Post Office building on Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington to an elected federal official. The building is the site of Mr. Trump’s hotel. Perhaps more important, the legal groups said they might challenge executive actions Mr. Trump is expected to take on topics like international trade deals, illegal immigration and climate change.",0
1991,Russia Prepares to Block LinkedIn After Court Ruling - The New York Times,"LinkedIn, the social networking site for professionals that will soon be bought by Microsoft, is to be blocked in Russia after a local court ruled on Thursday that it had breached the country’s data protection rules, a sign of growing tensions for American tech companies operating in the country. The case in the Moscow city courts arose at a time of debate in Washington over how the United States might retaliate for what American security officials said was the Russian government’s hacking of emails from the Democratic National Committee and other digital interference in the presidential election. Russia has a history of increasing regulatory pressure on businesses in political disputes. The case began in August, before Donald J. Trump’s victory in Tuesday’s presidential election, and there is currently no connection between the LinkedIn case and the hacking scandal. The country’s push to gain greater control over its internet users is one of a number of attempts by governments worldwide to dictate how people use digital services. From China’s blocking of whole swaths of the internet to Europe’s efforts to regulate what can and cannot be viewed online, different regions and countries are in a battle with companies and other governments to decide how the internet will expand. Russia imposed its ban  —   a rare occasion of LinkedIn being blocked in a country  —   after lawmakers passed new rules last year that required any personal digital data on Russian citizens collected by companies to be stored within the country. Officials said the rules were aimed at protecting people’s online privacy from hackers, but critics have claimed the legislation could allow Russian authorities to force companies  —   both local and international  —   to hand over sensitive information about their users. Many of Silicon Valley’s largest tech companies, like Facebook and Twitter, also do not store data locally within Russia, but Roskomnadzor, the country’s telecommunications watchdog, targeted LinkedIn for its failure to comply with the new data rules. It was unclear why LinkedIn was targeted in particular, rather than any other major social networking site. Analysts have suggested that the Russian authorities focused on the company, an   in the country’s social networking market, as a warning to larger tech companies. The Moscow court decision, upholding a previous ruling against LinkedIn, means the company will now be blocked from operating across the country. The ban could take effect as early as Monday, with internet service providers in Russia blocking access to LinkedIn’s web address. The company, which has fewer than five million Russian users among its 467 million global users, could still appeal the court’s decision. “The Russian court’s decision has the potential to deny access to LinkedIn for the millions of members we have in Russia and the companies that use LinkedIn to grow their businesses,” Anoek Eckhardt, a company spokeswoman, said in a statement. “We remain interested in a meeting with Roskomnadzor to discuss their data localization request. ” LinkedIn is being bought by Microsoft  —   a Silicon Valley tech giant with deep links in Russia  —   for $26. 2 billion. The deal is expected to close by the end of the year. A number of other American tech companies like Facebook and Twitter have made efforts to expand their footprints within the country, though they have had to balance people’s use of these social networks with the government’s often   efforts to gain control of digital information. Facebook, for instance, rejected all five requests from the Russian government last year for access to specific data on people’s online accounts, according to the company’s latest transparency report. Twitter also rejected four requests from local officials for individuals’ account information over the same period, according to its own report. Despite LinkedIn’s current problems in Russia, the company has often been willing to bend to local pressures, particularly in China, where it has agreed to abide by the country’s strict censorship rules to build a significant presence there. Other American tech companies like Google and Facebook remain blocked in China. The current standoff over data in Russia started in 2012, when local campaigners in Moscow used social networks to organize widespread protests against the   of the country’s current president, Vladimir V. Putin. The same year, Russian hackers breached LinkedIn and stole more than six million of its customers’ passwords. Despite criticism of Russia’s data protection rules, other countries, including Germany, have passed similar legislation that forces tech companies to store people’s digital information on local servers. A number of American tech companies are investing billions of dollars combined to build data centers across Europe to comply with such rules. In Brazil, a judge also blocked WhatsApp, the internet messaging service, after the company, which is owned by Facebook, refused to hand over data to help in a criminal investigation. The efforts have been aimed at safeguarding individuals’ personal data, though companies have been quick to voice their skepticism over such practices. In Russia, companies like Google have also faced other challenges from local incumbents like Yandex, the country’s largest search engine, which have often outmuscled international rivals in their home market. This year, Yandex won a legal challenge against Google over antitrust claims that the American search giant has unfairly favored some of its own mobile services over those of rivals. Eventually, the Silicon Valley company was fined $6. 8 million in the case.",0
1992,DELINGPOLE: The Archbishop of Canterbury Thinks We’re All Fascists. Cheers! - Breitbart,"The Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, has suggested that the people who voted for Donald Trump and Brexit are a bunch of fascists. [Good.  Thank you, Your Grace! It’s always nice when someone of such eminent ecclesiastical authority confirms from on high something which many of us long suspected: that the Establishment really just does not have a fucking clue  —   and that that’s why we were so right to vote for Trump and Brexit. If Welby had wanted to play a clever game, what he would have done in his speech to the General Synod is keep resolutely schtum about his position on contentious political matters. Sure, many of us could have predicted where his politics probably lay: he is, after all, an Old Etonian and a former corporatist stooge (yes, oil industry  —   but most of them swing left, I’m afraid) evidently gifted with the emollience and the   views which are the only way a churchman can climb up the greasy poll of the Church of England these days. So yes, we could have guessed he was probably a   man and an   Trump man, as pretty much every Establishment type is. But up until the moment at the General Synod when he called us all out as fascists, we couldn’t be absolutely sure  …     How good does it feel to know that the Archbishop of Canterbury thinks I’m a fascist and that the people who voted for Donald Trump are fascists and that the ones who are going to vote for Geert Wilders are fascists? It feels absolutely brilliant, actually, because what it does is help put these most extraordinary times we’re living through in their proper context. Think about it: even a reasonably educated    with the most rudimentary historical knowledge knows that fascism was about Il Duce, Blackshirts stomping the streets of thirties Italy, about poison gas dropped on Abyssinian villagers, about ethnic cleansing in Libya, about the terrifying enlargement of the State, about rapid militarisation, about aggressive nationalism, about the sacrifice of young men in pointless wars Italy was   to win  …     So clearly, the “f” word could scarcely be further   to describe the movements which led to Brexit and the Donald Trump. These weren’t endorsements of the kind of arbitrary authority and abuse of state power we saw in the 1930s but rather very explicit rejections of them. If you really want to use the word “fascistic” in a modern context, you could more aptly apply it to, say, the remoteness and democratic unaccountability of the European Commission, to the corruption and profligacy of the D. C. Establishment, to the businesses ruined and the lives broken by overregulation and Big Government meddling which have led to mass unemployment and poverty in what were once thriving first world nation states, to the ordinary citizens all over Europe being told by their governments, “Here is some cultural enrichment for you from some new friends from the Middle East  —   and if you don’t like it, tough, because that’s the future we’ve decided to impose on you”  …     The fact that an intelligent,     man like the Archbishop of Canterbury cannot see the good in Trump and Brexit and the fundamental evil in the systems they have overthrown speaks more eloquently than a thousand clever articles by people like me as to why the revolutions we experienced in 2016 and the ones we’re going to go on experiencing in 2017 are so very, very necessary. The Archbishop of Canterbury is a decent,   man with a very lofty position in the global hierarchy: but then, so are large numbers of many of the other Establishment types who fought so hard for Remain and so hard against Donald Trump. What they all have in common is that they’re trapped in a bubble, they’ve held on to the reins of power for far too long, and their hegemony is now quite properly being overthrown by a demos who’ve had frankly quite enough of this shit. Justin Welby, you are part of the problem, not the solution. Thank you, your Grace, for reminding us just how deeply the rottenness in our culture is entrenched  —   and just how much work lies ahead of us before it is excised.",0
1993,Hillary Clinton v Donald Trump in 2016,"With just four days left until election day, many Americans are still perplexed. Who should the people cast their vote for on November 8? 2016 has brought a variety of topics to the surface for both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. However, Americans seem to miss a lot of information from both parties during the debates and rallies. Each person is preoccupied with defending themselves or offending the other. Believe it or not, during all the drama there are clear proposals from both Clinton and Trump on several concerns.
A Few Prominent Proposals: Education: When it comes to higher education, Clinton and Trump cannot be more opposites. Clinton introduced the New College Compact. This would allow students entering a four-year college, within their state, not have to borrow money for tuition, books, and fees.
Trump has opposed the New College Compact and claims he would fight any proposal for debt-free public higher education.
Taxes: However, both do see eye to eye on many tax related problems. Clinton and Trump promised the working middle-class Americans a massive tax reduction. Also, they both ensure that the wealthy will pay their fair share in taxes.
Gun Control: Another area that Clinton and Trump agree upon is gun control. This may come as a surprise for many, yet the similarities cannot be ignored. They both want to keep guns out of the hands of violent criminals and the severely mentally ill. They also want to expand background checks. Trump goes as far as suggesting “that we empower all law-abiding gun owners to defend themselves because the police cannot be everywhere all the time.” With either candidate, all gun owners rightfully able to bear arms will be entitled to do so, no-one is threatening to disarm anyone.
Immigration: This is one of the most talked about topics among the presidential nominees. Within the first 100 days of office, Clinton says she will set forth a plan that will treat people with respect, fix the family visa backlog, end the three and ten-year bars, and protect American borders.
Trump claims he will have Mexico pay for a wall on the Southern borders and end the catch and release process. Trump also explained that he will deport illegal immigrants, who have committed a crime, in one day.
By going to each of the candidate’s website, people can see a complete copy of their goals, as president of the United States. Determining which nominee would be a better fit as the commander in chief, is an opinion based on how much or how little voters relate to each candidate’s ideas.
Unfortunately, getting acquainted with Clinton and Trump’s prospective plans is not an easy task. There has been chaos from the very beginning with these campaigns. There has never been a dull moment, that is for sure. However, now is the time to become serious and to remember that the world is watching.
By Amy Weins
Edited by Jeanette Smith
Sources:
NASFAA: 2016 Presidential Candidates’ Higher Education Proposals
Hillary Clinton.com: A Fair Tax System; Gun Violence Prevention; Immigration Reform
Donald Trump.com: Tax Plan; Second Amendment Rights; Immigration
Featured Image Courtesy of Steven Bevacqua’s Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
Top Image Courtesy of Matt Wade’s Flickr Page – Creative Commons License clinton , hillary , presidential election , Trump",0
1994,Ex-Secret Service officer behind Clinton tell-all intends to file defamation suit,"Wed, 26 Oct 2016 14:10 UTC © Getty Images A lawyer for Gary Byrne, whose book "" Crisis of Character: A White House Secret Service Officer Discloses His Firsthand Experience with Hillary, Bill, and How They Operate , "" has sent notices to Media Matters for America and David Brock informing them that he intends to file suit. ""Officer Byrne will bring legal action against you, in your personal capacity, and against Media Matters,"" a lawyer for the former Secret Service officer wrote to Brock, a loyal Clinton ally and the founder of the liberal advocacy group Media Matters. The letter requests Brock and Media Matters to ""hold"" all records and communications associated with their communications regarding Byrne — including ""Any communication(s) between David Brock and The Honorable Hillary Rodham Clinton"" regarding the former Secret Service officer, suggesting there might be collusion between the campaign and her defenders. It also demands Brock ""immediately and publicly retract any statement or inference by yourself and/or Media Matters to the effect that Officer Byrne was not fully truthful in recounting within 'Crisis of Character' details from any previous testimony."" Additionally, Byrne's attorney demanded a retraction for ""the utterly false statement(s) that Officer Byrne was not in close proximity to President William Jefferson Clinton."" His lawyer states that ""some of our best witnesses to such immediacy are George Stephanopoulos, John Podesta, Leon Panetta, Bruce Lindsey, Hillary Rodham Clinton and President Clinton himself — who appear to have already confirmed ... under oath ... the regular proximity of Officer Byrne to the President for many years."" Byrne claims the liberal advocacy group tried to hurt his credibility to defend the Clintons. Lawyers for Brock and Media Matters, Marc Elias and Ezra Reese, acknowledged receiving the letter from Byrne's lawyer. Elias is also a lawyer for Hillary Clinton's presidential election campaign. Byrne, who has been a surrogate for Donald Trump's presidential campaign, told The Post , ""We're moving forward with the suit regardless"" of whether retractions are issued. My goal here is to get the message out - that everything in my book is true."" Byrne has sent a similar letter — and has threatened similar legal action — to Jan Gilhooly, president of the Association of Former Agents of the United States Secret Service, who also questioned the claims made in "" Crisis of Character. "" Byrne expects the legal filings to come after the November presidential election.",0
1995,"No, Hate Crimes Have NOT ‘Intensified’ Since Trump’s Election","  No, Hate Crimes Have NOT ‘Intensified’ Since Trump’s Election No, Hate Crimes Have NOT ‘Intensified’ Since Trump’s Election November 17, 2016, 9:34 am by Guest Author Leave a Comment 0 
By: Renee Nal | New Zeal Screenshot from ABC News Report (red commentary added) 
One of the many lies stemming from the mainstream media in the wake of Donald Trump’s election is that hate crimes have increased. The source of this ridiculous whopper is the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC), whose embarrassingly biased reports from partisan hacks are reflective of the mainstream “news” outlets that cite the group as a legitimate source. 
Any reasonable journalist can take the most cursory of glances at the silly report to see at best, that it is not a valid source. The “hateful intimidation and harassment” cited by the SPLC are, of course, not listed and therefore cannot be subject to scrutiny. This information, according to SPLC , was “collected through news reports, social media, and direct submissions via SPLC’s #ReportHate page” and is “largely anecdotal.” 
The phrase “largely anecdotal” should be a clue for mainstream media sources reporting about the so-called spike in hate crimes. 
Watch this report, which is based on the fake report from the SPLC: 
The New York Times , who recently pledged to be more honest or something, reported that “attacks against American Muslims surged last year” citing the FBI (which leads to a broken link at the time of this writing) and the Southern Poverty Law Center, which immediately makes their entire article suspect: 
“Since the election, hate crime monitors like the Southern Poverty Law Center have reported a rash of verbal or physical abuse targeting minorities and others at schools, mosques and elsewhere.” 
There is no evidence. There is no due process. There are no convictions. Yet the mainstream media has been parroting the lie that hate crimes have increased since Donald Trump’s election. 
Mainstream journalists have resources. They have money, they have numerous researchers and they have a massive platform. Yet, these same organizations do not bother to use their vast resources to inform Americans of the truth about the SPLC’s fake report. This is why they have lost the trust of the American people. 
Last year, the SPLC had an “ operating budget ” of over $35 million dollars. They have an endowment fund of over $300 million dollars. 
Read More: Gulag-wide Bulletins from Sovereignty Unbound We respect your privacy, time, and inbox. Track us Down @GulagBound Like the Gulag There are many important matters that Gulag Bound itself is not treating on a daily basis. For that reason we suggest The Globe & Malevolence and the sites shown under ""Key Links in our Chains,"" below. Your Daily Intelligence Brief MattSkosh on Secret Service Agents Pay a Visit to Anti-Obama Artist Sabo Tags activism Agenda 21 anti-American revolution authoritarianism Barack Hussein Obama II candidate eligibility collectivists & propaganda communisty organizations corruption crisis strategy Democrat finance & banking fraud George Soros globalism - NWO global Marxist-fascist movement government domination of resources history illegal immigration Islam Islamism jihad jihadism Israel kleptocracy labor unions Marxism Marxofascism Marxstream media Military Mitt Romney Obamacare health control Occupy Wall Street race-baiting/racism Republican Right of Private Property Russia Sovereignty Tea Party terrorism U.S. Congress U.S. Constitution U.S. Presidency (POTUS) United Nations (UN) video violence voting youth & education Sabotage What good will it do, to protect the United States of America, or our presumed interests against the aggressiveness of China, Russia, or Islam, if, partially in fear of these threats, we lose our free and independent nation to the stealth imperialism of transnational and global governance? As America threatens to shatter, we must see how a semi-covert, global, cartel collective and their NWO in the USA (""progressive"" neo-Marxists and neo-fascists corporatists, updated with 21st Century techniques and technology) intentionally perpetrate this sabotage, while we patriots try to prevent it. Have a look around our camp, as we struggle to survive. - your tour guide Archives Militarization in America About DHS militarization, see the new, breakthrough analysis from James Simpson, "" Police Militarization, Abuses of Power, and the Road to Impeachment "" and our earlier, ""Marxist President’s Military Exercises in These U.S. Cities; Yours One?"" 
About the trajectory of this, we must pray, communicate, keep calm, and do not become the first to engage. If it comes to it, do not even respond in kind, until after the after the first times that extreme, anti-American violence is done by them. It calls for an attitude of self sacrifice -- first cheek, second cheek, then no more. 
And speak out about the potential and strategic ""sense"" of the Obama/NWO's DHS carrying out false flag missions of violence, blaming it on American patriots, perhaps upon our militia movements. 
We are in a real war, right now (of which others and I have been trying to alert fellow Sovereign Citizens for years) and the prime war is for the minds, hearts, and wills of the American People. We are opposed by an anti-American insurrection using any means of power (see Gramsci, Frankfurt School) including government power, as they are granted that opportunity.",0
1996,Everything gentrification,"07-11-16 EVERYTHING is now gentrification, including attempts to stop gentrification. Hairdresser Helen Archer was accused of abetting the gentrification of her community when she tried to protest plans to turn a derelict pub into boutique flats for awful people. Archer, of Hackney Citizens Against Gentrification, said: “Apparently, residents’ associations are very trendy these days, and using direct action to confront property developers might lead to us being mistaken for a collective of Japanese fashion photographers. “Leafleting nearby streets is gentrification, writing to the council is definitely gentrification, and starting a blog about the destruction of local history is exactly the sort of thing a tosser in a corduroy waistcoat would do.” Professor Henry Brubaker, of the Institute of Studies, said: “Once the gentrification of a deprived area has begun, everything that happens there is evidence of its transformation into a pretentious haven for entitled bastards. “The pop-up cycle boutiques and organic juice salons are coming. They will come if you accept gentrification. They will come if you fight gentrification. Nothing can stop them. “Talking about gentrification is also gentrification, and so is reading about it, so this one’s on you too.” 
Share:",0
1997,Ubisoft Surprises with ’Mario’ Crossover Title at E3 Press Conference - Breitbart,"Ubisoft’s E3 2017 press conference was an uneven showing of new and old with a few standout titles hogging the spotlight. [First on the stage was Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle. Legendary Mario creator Shigeru Miyamoto, effusive about Ubisoft’s “passion,” said that when he spoke to them regarding the new title, he had one request above all. Rather than recycling the Mario license into another 2D platformer, “try to make a Mario game that has never been done before. ” It seems the team took that challenge to heart.  Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle is a   tactics game, like a slapstick   starring a mix of Nintendo characters and Ubisoft’s screeching Rabbids. I’m still not certain what marketing department is responsible for these demented rabbits’ continued existence, but I feel as if they make a strong case for the reinstatement of public floggings. Despite that, the game itself looks great. I should have known better than to doubt the merit of a title which earned Miyamoto’s personal endorsement. Color me interested. In the words of my editor: Do not doubt   you heathen. https:  .   —   Noah Dulis (@Marshal_Dov) June 12, 2017,  Next came Ashraf Ismail to introduce Assassin’s Creed Origins, the first main entry in the series since the release of Assassin’s Creed Syndicate in 2015. Our “taste of Egypt” was a cinematic trailer and then approximately 10 seconds of   footage from a camera looking at a dim monitor. The demonstration was jarring and reeked of some sort of unexpected technical difficulty. They promised 30 minutes of gameplay footage once the press conference was over  —   we’ll get to that later. We had a glimpse of racing title The Crew 2, though no real gameplay was shown. In addition to geographic expansion, the sequel expands into the air and sea. And while it was certainly very pretty, there was little way to know how the game will actually play out when the rubber hits the figurative and digital road. Twisting stunt planes around skyscrapers does look thrilling, but the original The Crew didn’t lack ambition either  —   it just wasn’t much fun to play. Hopefully, we’ll get a clearer picture of the game on the show floor. South Park: The Fractured But Whole returned to the show after its unfortunate delay and now officially has a release date of October 17th, 2017. The   RPG looked typically crude and hilarious, and I don’t doubt that it will be one of Ubisoft’s stronger releases for the holiday season. #UbiE3 Is this the first time ”butt f***ing” has been used at an E3 press conference? I mean, besides annual franchise references.  —   Nate Church @E3 2017 (@Get2Church) June 12, 2017,  After the  ***ing came  ***ing, by way of a VR experience led by Elijah Wood. Transference takes the player on what is pitched as a virtual reality trip into the memory and emotion of a test subject that has had their experiences digitally recorded by a computer. It was difficult to tell exactly what we might expect, but it’s an adventure that Ubisoft hopes will leave you “still [feeling] unsettled” even after you’ve taken off your headset. Transference is due to launch in 2018. After that we took a trip back in time to 2013 with pirate title Skull  Bones which looks similar to Assassin’s Creed: Black Flag. Ubisoft Singapore has extracted the excellent naval combat for a game that is obvious   for their fans. Skull  Bones is a    piracy game where you’ll swashbuckle and hoist mainsails alongside friends and enemies, competing for booty while attempting to evade 1720’s justice on the end of a cutlass. The game certainly has potential  —   Black Flag’s design was just begging for a dedicated pirate adventure  —   but with boarding that seems to be entirely automated and seemingly little to do beyond multiplayer matches, Skull  Bones has a lot to do to prove it can stand on its own. I’m sure we’ll be hearing much more about it on the way to its release in Fall 2018. We left the seas for a brief aside into Just Dance and a South Park mobile game, both given little more than token attention en route to Starlink: Battle for Atlas. Think “No Man’s Skylanders. ” This    hybrid will see you customizing and piloting a transforming ship through various missions both in space and on the planet’s surface. If you can’t find your ideal craft on store shelves, this time around you can simply purchase the digital version. It’s another solid idea that will depend on how heavily Ubisoft leans on    customers for more collectible content. Skylanders was notorious for locking just about every corner of every level behind walls that could only be breached by heading to your local toy store. Ubisoft finished their presser in grand fashion with Far Cry 5, which looked absolutely stunning. It doubled down on the series’ brutal violence, bringing it to fictional Hope County, Montana to the tune of Amazing Grace. Recruitable pets,   characters, and multiplayer   were confirmed as features, as well as some limited form of tactical command over the AI. We will definitely be diving as deep as we can go into this one  —   but hopefully not climbing too many towers in between. Finally, Beyond Good  Evil 2 was debuted with a massive cinematic trailer that left most in attendance  —   myself included  —   with goosebumps. There’s no word on what the game will be, but they’ve nailed an epic aesthetic. If nothing else, they did a phenomenal job of whetting appetites for whatever   information is planned next. After the main show, we saw Assassins Creed Origins in full. It was, in a word, devastating. The proposed rejuvenation of the franchise has turned it into a shambling mash of mechanics from Far Cry and Watch Dogs, with an Assassin’s Creed aesthetic smeared over the same things we’ve seen countless times before. You are a Medjay, a guardian of Egypt. RPG elements take center stage here, with loot rarities and statistics that will help you advance as you level up. A branching skill tree allows you to specialize in stealth or assault approaches to the massive world’s challenges. Senu, your eagle friend, functions like a Watch Dogs 2 drone. You’ll use him to tag enemies in order to see their level, role, and behavior. Meanwhile, your ability to actually assassinate them is almost wholly dependent on your respective level, and crafting is based on the same hunting mechanic we’ve seen reused in every Far Cry release since Far Cry 3. The game was beautiful and polished but lacked any sense of the lethality present in earlier Assassin’s Creed titles. Seeing the protagonist drive his hidden blade into the skull of a foe, then that foe turn and charge him because his hidden blade hadn’t been crafted to a high enough level did nothing but completely destroy the fantasy around which the franchise was built. If anything, Assassin’s Creed Origins drives home the point that Ubisoft simply doesn’t seem to understand the franchise or its loyal fans. The 30 minute demo felt bloated, unfocused, and more than anything else, like Assassin’s Creed in name only. We’ll sit down with each of these titles in the next few days. I’m sure that the developers will have a lot to say and that we’ll have even more complete impressions once we’ve had some time to get our hands dirty. Stay tuned for our ongoing coverage of E3 2017.  Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both.",0
1998,Turley: Trump Making Same Arguments as Obama in Defense of Immigration Executive Order - Breitbart,"Thursday on MSNBC’s “The 11th Hour,” George Washington University Law School professor Jonathan Turley reacted to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals decision to uphold a stay by a lower to halt President Donald Trump’s executive order restricting immigration to the United States from seven predominantly Muslim nations.  Although the court ruled in the opponents of the Trump order’s favor, the law still was on Trump’s side and that the Trump administration was using the “virtually the identical arguments” the Obama administration had used in defense of its immigration policy. “Well, it was a poorly crafted executive order, and it was a terrible rollout,” Turley said. “But I still think that the law favors the administration once you get to the merits. I don’t agree with many of those, some of those cases. But the courts have been highly deferential to the president, and they generally don’t  . I think the people also have to acknowledge that the Trump administration here is making virtually the identical argument to the Obama administration. ” “The Obama administration argued the president’s judgment on administration was largely unreviewable,” he continued. “He argued that he could even refuse or order the failure to enforce immigration laws. But the arguments were very, very similar. And for all the Democrats objecting now, I didn’t hear a peep of objection from them when just last year these arguments were being made by the same Justice Department. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
1999,From Bad to Worse: Obama’s Ransom Payment to Iran is Just the Tip of the Iceberg,"Search form Search From Bad to Worse : Obama’s Ransom Payment to Iran is Just the Tip of the Iceberg In his bid to pursue a legacy, Obama charts disastrous course with reckless abandon. November 2, 2016 Ari Lieberman 
Most of us, including several democratic lawmakers, cringed when Obama inked the Iran deal but those of us who are familiar with the malevolent nature of the Iranian regime, recoiled in horror when we learned that Obama transferred $400 million to the Iranians in exchange for four American citizens held captive by the mullahs on trumped up charges. The $400 million was part of a larger installment totaling $1.7 billion, ostensibly to settle claims Iran had against the United States stemming from aborted Iranian arms purchases dating back to the Shah. Obama claimed that this was money that was “owed” to Iran and the settlement, which included $1.3 billion in interest, saved the U.S. taxpayer “billions” because the Iranians were demanding even more at the Hague tribunal, where the claim was being adjudicated. 
The timing and method of the cash transfers were disquieting to say the least and raised serious questions of legality as well as broader geo-political concerns. The Americans were freed only after Iran received its $400 million. The payment, which was airlifted in the dead of night in an unmarked cargo plane, was made in untraceable cash, stacked on wooden pallets. The Iranians demanded Swiss Francs and Euros rather than Dollars and a pliant Obama agreed to the Islamic Republic’s dictates. Gleeful Iranian leaders were quick to announce victory and claimed that the payment was indeed a ransom, contradicting the administration’s adamant denials. 
Even within the administration there was confusion about whether the payment was in fact a ransom. State Department spokesman Mark Toner came very close to acknowledging this fact when he noted that the $400 million was used as “leverage” to ensure the Americans’ safe return. The White House however, quickly repudiated the State Department’s characterization. 
Even if one were to believe the story peddled by the administration, the mere appearance of a quid pro quo payment potentially exposes the U.S. to extortion and hostage-taking. The Iranians certainly believed it was a ransom payment and more likely than not, every two-bit dictator on the planet saw it that way as well. 
But there are deeper more troubling aspects to this convoluted story. In his January 17, 2016 address to the American people, Obama tried to put a positive spin on his dealings with the Islamic Republic but as noted by Rick Richman in an excellent article featured in Mosaic , the deal struck with the Iranians was rotten to its core and the administration deliberately kept the American people in the dark about various aspects of the shady arrangement. 
The $400 million that the U.S. transferred to Iran came from Iran’s Foreign Military Sales (FMS) account with the Pentagon. The balance of 1.3 billion ostensibly represented interest accrued since 1979. But Obama neglected to note that when Iran filed its lawsuit, the U.S. filed counterclaim against Iran for $817 million for Iranian breaches of its obligations under the FMS program. The U.S. could have conceivably won that counterclaim which would have meant wooden pallets of cash for the American treasury, courtesy of the Islamic Republic. 
Moreover, American plaintiffs maintained sixteen U.S. court judgments against the Islamic Republic stemming from that regime’s involvement in terrorist activities. Those judgments totaled $3.9 billion in compensatory and punitive damages. 
Some plaintiffs sought to recover their Judgments directly from Iran’s FMS account but their efforts were stymied by the Clinton administration. Instead, under a convoluted deal struck between Congress and the Clinton administration in 2,000, the U.S. treasury was to pay the holders of the judgments against Iran for the amount of their compensatory damages and 10 percent of their punitive damages up to the amount in the FMS fund. The judgments would then be subrogated to the United States, which meant that judgments became direct U.S claims against the Iranian government. 
Iran ignored the Judgments and never paid any of the plaintiffs. Under U.S. law, the $400 million sitting in the FMS account should have gone back to the U.S. treasury, which had already paid the judgment holders. But the U.S. treasury never collected a dime on the subrogated claims since Obama shipped the money off on wooden pallets to Iran. Essentially, the U.S. taxpayer ended up footing the bill for Iran’s terrorism while the Iranians were never held accountable for their maleficence. 
Obama’s actions represented blatant disregard for the law, for the victims of terrorism and for the American taxpayer. His claim of saving the taxpayer “billions” represents the zenith of mendacity. 
Obama claimed that the payments had to be made in cash because existing sanctions prohibited normal banking procedures. But as noted by Richman, the sanctions regimen expressly permits payments made to settle Iranian claims instituted at The Hague, exposing yet another lie by the Obama administration. 
There was one, and only one reason why the Iranians requested cash and all but the most disingenuous know what that reason is. The Iranians are the world’s foremost state-sponsors of international terrorism. They finance terrorist groups and proxy militias throughout the region and internationally but can only do so through illicit means that circumvent normal methods of financing. Hence, they demanded untraceable cash. The misery that we are currently witnessing in Syria, Yemen and elsewhere is due in no small part to the Obama administration which provided the Iranians with the cash necessary to keep operations flowing. 
In addition to the $1.7 billion in cash, Obama also authorized the release of seven convicted Iranian felons and expunged warrants on 14 others. But this aspect of the transaction seems almost trivial when considering the sheer mendacity and illegality of nearly every other aspect of the deal. 
Lastly, the transfer of such a large sum to Iran in “settlement” of an alleged legal claim required the attorney general’s approval but the administration has yet to produce any document bearing Loretta Lynch’s signature authorizing such payment. On October 7, Sen. Marco Rubio (R., Fla.) and Rep. Mike Pompeo (R., Kan.) presented Lynch with a series of questions seeking clarification of various aspects of the deal. Lynch, whose tenure as attorney general is proving to be as corrupt and partisan as her predecessor, has inexplicably refused to answer the lawmakers’ queries. 
In a desperate attempt to establish a legacy, Obama pursued the Iran deal with reckless abandon, forfeiting positions previously regarded as red lines and signing the worst deal in U.S. diplomatic history. The ancillary deal struck with the Iranians concerning American hostages was laced with outright lies and enabled the Iranians to continue their reign or regional terror. More importantly, it may also have been in violation of existing U.S. law and Lynch’s stonewalling only lends credence to that notion.",0
2000,Panic across country for a day after govt doesn’t introduce any new rule on demonetisation,"Panic across country for a day after govt doesn’t introduce any new rule on demonetisation Posted on Tweet 
Panic and confusion grew widespread across the country after the Modi government did not introduce any new rule pertaining to the ongoing demonetisation drive. Thousands of anxious citizens thronged the Reserve Bank of India offices in their cities inquiring about the latest alteration to the rules, or rather the absence of one, after no such rider was introduced for one whole day. (Image via intoday.in) 
“Ever since Nov 8th, this whole demonetisation saga has been like a reality show – with sudden, new riders being introduced every day as twists to the existing format. We got used to these fluctuations being the norm. But yesterday was different – one whole day went by without Shaktikanta Das or Arun Jaitley or anyone announcing any exception to the rules. I waited and waited till night. After all, this is a government which introduced a rule to be applied for the next day even at 8 pm on the present day. Finally, I reconciled myself to the shock – that there was no new rider for one whole day. That got me worried and here I am, standing outside the RBI office waiting for an appointment, to make sure that it is indeed real!” Chinta Sagar, an anxious gentleman told The UnReal Times . 
“First, it was the exception for those with weddings happening. Then came the inedible ink announcement. Then the reduction of exchange limit to 2000 per day. Then of course, the announcement that Saturday would be a senior citizens only day, as far as exchanges are concerned. Now, there’s another announcement about banks only catering to their own customers hereafter. So, following the natural train of action, we weren’t wrong in anticipating another new rule today as well. But we were stunned on not hearing any. I hope the RBI clarifies on this,” another tense youngster cried. 
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, however, assured citizens not to worry and added that to maintain status quo, the government will continue to announce some random new rule or the other every day. “We have always been a government for the people and we would do nothing that would throw them off the hook. It has come to my attention that a number of them were anxious yesterday after we didn’t announce any sudden change, so I would like to reassure them and state that for their convenience, the government will continue to announce random changes to the rules every day, until the 31st of December,” Jaitley told The UnReal Times NDTV’s Barkha Dutt. 
Addressing a more recent problem, the Finance Minister also announced a new “Sonam Gupta Bewafa Cess” on old currency notes that have the “Sonam Gupta Bewafa Hai” slogan inscribed on them. Tweet About Ashwin Kumar 
1 of the proud columnists of URT, former co-editor of URT Tamil, amateur musician, Real Harris Jayaraj devotee, UnReal T. Rajendar fanatic, passionate about stopping female foeticide.",0
2001,Video: This Will Change The Way You Watch ‘Apocalypse Now’,"This Will Change The Way You Watch ‘Apocalypse Now’ Posted today Get ClickHole delivered straight to your spam folder. Follow Us Get ClickHole delivered straight to your spam folder. Follow Us Click Counter 0 0 0 0 ClickHole uses invented names in all of its stories, except in cases where public figures are being satirized. Any other use of real names is accidental and coincidental. ClickHole is not intended for readers under 18 years of age. © Copyright 2016 Onion Inc. All Rights Reserved.",0
2002,U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   If British plans for leaving the European Union have been a dance of the seven veils, the British government removed one of them on Sunday, letting slip to news media that Prime Minister Theresa May is likely to choose to exit Europe’s single market and its customs union  —   a   hard Brexit. Mrs. May is scheduled to make a   speech on her plans on Tuesday, but the British weekend papers and Sunday news programs were briefed by Downing Street about the main lines of the policy, and some published selected quotations of what Mrs. May is scheduled to say. Officially, a government spokesman on Sunday called the reports “speculation” and emphasized only the extracts of the speech that were leaked by Downing Street itself, with Mrs. May calling for British unity “to make a success of Brexit and build a truly global Britain. ” Those extracts were not explicit on the single market or the customs union, but the Sunday newspapers, which receive their own briefings from the government before publication, took much the same line: that Britain is headed for a sharp break with Europe after a transitional period. Downing Street dislikes the term “hard Brexit,” but an outcome along those lines is not unexpected, because it flows logically from the priorities Mrs. May has set out, particularly about controlling the country’s borders. Being outside the single market could damage Britain’s important financial services sector and is likely to hit the value of the pound again, at least temporarily. A week ago, Mrs. May said in a television interview that   Britain would not be able to keep “bits” of its European Union membership. That, too, was interpreted as a break with the single market, which requires freedom of movement and labor for all citizens of the bloc. “Often people talk in terms as if somehow we are leaving the E. U. but we still want to kind of keep bits of membership,” she said then. “We are leaving. We are coming out. We are not going to be a member of the E. U. any longer. ” She added, “We will be able to have control of our borders, control of our laws. ” She and her officials have made it clear that her two main priorities are ending the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice over British law, and restoring British control over its borders and immigration, including from the European Union. Those decisions mean that Britain could no longer be a part of the single market for goods, capital, people and services of the European Union, because the rules for that market are adjudicated by the European Court of Justice. The situation is similar for the customs union, which applies only to goods. Membership in the customs union would mean that Britain would have to obey European Union regulations on manufacturing standards and would be banned from making separate trade deals with countries  —   two of the most important reasons   forces have cited for leaving the bloc. Another implication of leaving the single market and the customs union would be Britain’s desire to negotiate a new trade deal with the European Union as a special partner of some kind, but one different from those held by countries like Norway and Turkey. It would also seem to mean trying to negotiate a transitional deal with Brussels while the larger trade deal is being haggled out, which could take many years. Under a transitional deal, which would extend beyond the   limit for negotiating the exit, Britain would presumably continue to have a relationship much like the current one, including paying into the European Union’s budget. In an article in The Sunday Times of London, David Davis, the minister in charge of the new Department for Exiting the European Union, wrote that Britain would consider ways to extend or smooth the exit process to provide certainty for businesses. “If it proves necessary, we have said we will consider time for implementation of new arrangements,” he wrote. “We don’t want the E. U. to fail, we want it to prosper economically and politically, and we need to persuade our allies that a strong new partnership with the U. K. will help the E. U. to do that. ” In a combative interview published on Sunday, the chancellor of the Exchequer, Philip Hammond, warned that, if no agreement could be reached on market access, Britain could change its economic model from “European style” taxation and regulation to regain competitiveness. “The British people are not going to lie down and say, ‘Too bad, we’ve been wounded,’” he said. “We will change our model and we will come back, and we will be competitively engaged. ” Those comments, from an interview with the German newspaper Welt am Sonntag, were interpreted as a warning that Britain could use its corporate tax as a form of leverage in Brexit negotiations. In a television interview on Sunday, Jeremy Corbyn, the leader of the opposition Labour Party, said that Mr. Hammond “appears to be making a sort of threat to the European community,” calling it “a recipe for some kind of trade war with Europe in the future. ” But Mrs. May’s speech on Tuesday, judging from the excerpts, is also meant to assuage European Union colleagues by committing Britain to a close, friendly and constructive future relationship. Britain would prefer a   customs relationship with the European Union if one can be negotiated on British terms, which would mean limits on the bloc’s citizens working in Britain and the ability to do separate trade deals. European Union leaders have been largely dismissive of such efforts, but both sides are setting out hard positions before the real negotiations begin, sometime after Britain invokes Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty to officially begin the process of leaving the bloc. Mrs. May insists that that will take place before the end of March, even if it requires a vote of Parliament, setting off two years of complicated talks on extracting Britain from a union it joined more than 40 years ago. Mr. Hammond is known to have argued strongly inside the government for Britain to keep its access to the single market to protect its financial sector, which accounts for 10 to 12 percent of Britain’s economic output. Bankers and brokers in the City of London are sometimes reviled by many Britons but are also highly paid, so their tax receipts are important to the Treasury. If a significant number of them moved their operations to European Union cities or New York, the pressure on the British government’s budget to pay for health care, pensions, welfare benefits and military spending would increase substantially. Britain already runs a significantly higher yearly deficit than most European countries, about 4. 4 percent of gross domestic product, and its cumulative debt is estimated at nearly 85 percent of G. D. P. Mainstream economists  —   under fire for wrongly predicting an immediate recession after the Brexit vote last June  —   say those figures are likely to worsen as the pound falls and the economy slows from the delayed effects of Brexit and the uncertainty around it. Mrs. May has also emphasized an interest in working with the incoming American administration of Donald J. Trump, and her government trumpeted its success in arranging a Washington meeting with the new president before the end of February. But her officials were not likely to be happy to discover that Michael Gove, who strongly favored Brexit and whom she fired from the cabinet, had secured the first British interview with Mr. Trump, scheduled to be printed in The Times of London on Monday. That interview comes after Mr. Trump had a series of meetings with Brexit advocates like Nigel Farage, the former leader of the U. K. Independence Party, and Arron Banks, who gave millions to fund UKIP and an alternative “Leave” campaign in the June referendum. Both men are expected to attend Mr. Trump’s inauguration.",0
2003,Georgia Abandons Ukraine's Anti-Russian Obsession - Archil Sikharulidze,"Your daily reality snack Georgia Abandons Ukraine's Anti-Russian Obsession 
After a brief period in which both Ukraine and Georgia appeared to be united against Russia, it now appears that the two nations are moving along very different paths Originally appeared at Russia Direct 
In October, Georgia didn’t support any of Ukraine’s resolutions denouncing the Kremlin’s foreign policy within the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE). That is surprising, given how many analysts had by now assumed that Georgia and Ukraine were on the same page when it came to Russia. 
The two resolutions deal with “the political implications of Russia’s aggression in Ukraine” and human rights abuses “on the occupied Ukrainian territories.” By supporting them, PACE recognized the military conflict in Ukraine as “Russian aggression” for the first time and called on the Kremlin to withdraw its forces from the eastern part of Ukraine. Moreover, it denounced the parliamentary elections , recently conducted by Russia in Crimea . 
When the Georgian delegation in PACE didn’t support these resolutions, the nation’s pro-Western parties reacted strongly. For example, the United National Movement lambasted the Georgian government and accused the country’s former Prime Minister, Bidzina Ivanishvili, of supporting Russia. Moreover, Mikheil Saakashvili, the former Georgian president and now the governor of the Odessa region in Ukraine, described such a stance as a “disgraceful” move. 
However, an immediate response came from one of the members of the Georgian delegation in PACE, Eka Beselia. She retorted that Tbilisi needed to defend its own national interests. Even though this statement seems to have alleviated the increasing conflict, the video of Russian-Ukrainian journalist Matwey Ganapolsky, who accuses Georgia of betraying Ukraine in favor of Russia, fuelled the tensions. In contrast, Russian pundits see the unwillingness of Georgia to vote for the PACE resolution as a sign of improvement in Tbilisi-Moscow relations. 
In reality, the reluctance of the Georgian Dream, the ruling party in Georgia, to approve these resolutions is just the logical conclusion of complicated relations with Kiev. Since the start of the color revolutions in the post-Soviet space , Georgia and Ukraine were largely in the same boat. 
After the success of the Rose Revolution in Tbilisi and the Orange Revolution in Kiev, the newly elected governments were closely connected with each other and teamed up against Russia. This resulted from friendly relations between Ukraine’s former prime minister Yulia Timoshenko and former president Viktor Yushchenko on the one hand, and Georgia’s Saakashvili on the other hand. 
However, their relationship was rather pragmatic in its nature, although officially Tbilisi recognized Ukraine as one of its closest allies. Since 2007 the democratic processes in the two countries have started moving in a reverse direction. Saakashvili’s penchant for conducting an aggressive policy as well as his authoritarian inclinations was increasing, while Ukraine faced the corruption and the political rivalry between Timoshenko and Yushchenko. 
The more impact this had on the countries’ stability and development, the more obvious became the fact that the ruling elites from both sides did not support democratic reforms, but only the regimes that were friendly to them. Thus, Georgian-Ukrainian relations could be seen as a form of cooperation between governments, not between the people. 
And this trend became relevant until the 2010 presidential elections, when Georgia’s civil society and population called on the government to support democratic processes and regime change in its “brother” country. From then on, Georgia has been shying away from supporting the political regime in Ukraine and focusing more on the support of the country’s own population. 
However, Ukraine refused to consider such tactics, with its official representatives criticizing the Georgian Dream coalition for supporting Russia during the 2012 parliamentary elections. Moreover, Kiev cooperated with Georgia’s United National Movement, which was openly accused of building an authoritarian regime and egregious human rights abuses. 
Logically, the new Georgian government under Ivanishvili cannot help paying attention to this fact. But it was relatively reticent and didn’t respond, even when Georgian volunteers came to fight in Eastern Ukraine to support Kiev and accused Tbilisi of supporting Russia. That had some implications for the Georgian Dream: It was seen as a political force that is capable of defending the country’s national interests. 
Moreover, Georgian voters also saw the fact that Saakashvili was appointed as the governor of the Odessa region as an unfriendly move from Ukraine, as a slap in the face, because the former Georgian president was legally prosecuted in his home country, which meant that Ivanishvili couldn’t fulfill his pledges and restore justice [During the election campaign he promised to put Saakashvili in jail for corruption and the abuse of power — Editor’s note]. The problem was exacerbated when Kiev granted Saakashvili Ukrainian citizenship, which made it impossible to imprison the former Georgian president. 
Saakashvili crossed the red line during the latest parliamentary elections in Georgia during the campaign. First, his colleagues from the United National Movement visited Ukraine. Second, he openly called for a coup d’état against the Georgian government, which he sees as pro-Russian. In fact, he threatened to conduct a new revolution in Georgia. This was the last straw for the Georgian Dream. 
It is safe to say that the current Georgian political elites started seeing Ukraine as a real headache and the shelter for dubious and controversial Georgian politicians from the United National Movement accused of different wrongdoings and legal violations. 
However, with the victory of the Georgian Dream in the 2016 parliamentary elections, a lot has changed. Moreover, the odds of the party of winning the constitutional majority are really high. It means that the influence of the party is growing in the Georgian parliament and even more could change. 
As a result, the government won’t necessarily have to take into account the views of other political forces to take decisions. It can be pretty outspoken now that it won’t put up with anti-government moves and initiatives like the ones promoted by Saakashvili. Moreover, the Georgian voters, who are seeking to have those involved in the violations during Saakashvili’s tenure prosecuted. So, in this regard, the electorate supports the Georgian Dream. 
Thus, all this indicates that Georgian-Ukrainian relations have always been more complex and nuanced than they seemed to be at first glance. During Saakashvili’s tenure, there was cooperation between his government and the ones of Timoshenko and Yushchenko. However, eventually, Tbilisi shifted its priority from supporting top political officials to supporting society and people. 
Ukrainian politicians should keep in mind that the Russian factor is not the only one that determines the Ukrainian-Georgian agenda. Providing shelter to Saakashvili also does matter. So, to improve the relations with Tbilisi, Kiev should take into account its national interest and support the Georgian people instead of the country’s politicians.",0
2004,"Transgender Butchered, Cut To Pieces — Liberal Media Silent For 1 Reason","Share This Adam Aliev had a sex change operation before marrying his male lover. However, after his brutal murder by an anti-LGBT “bigot,” don’t expect to hear a peep from the liberal media. 
A young transgender, who recently had surgery to become a woman, was found brutally hacked to pieces and completely unrecognizable at a gruesome murder scene. However, as soon as the liberal media found out the identity of the suspected killer, they fell eerily silent about the major news story they’d otherwise blast across the airwaves. 
The liberal agenda is clear — propagate everything that promotes their progressive ideals. However, when it comes to Islam, the left has an incredibly difficult time defending its teachings since they almost always oppose liberal values. Once again, the left has proven that ratings and the already soiled reputation of their favorite religion are more important than even their own beliefs. 
From a young age, Adam Aliev believed he was meant to be female. Unfortunately, his family was not supportive of his decision to live as a woman, to say the least, but this only empowered Aliev to undergo a sex change operation and take the name Raina. Sadly, shortly after 25-year-old Aliev made the transformation and married his male lover, he was brutally murdered for his lifestyle. While all of this fits the liberal dream of pushing a victimized LGBT poster children in an attempt to demonize conservatives, the leftist media won’t be flooding social media with Aliev’s face for one crucial reason. 
Naira Naija News reports that not only is Aliev’s disapproving family made up of devout Muslims, his father is also suspected of being responsible for his son’s heinous murder. Aliev was reportedly butchered and hacked into pieces just after his father Alimshaikh Aliev rallied other devout Muslims on live television to honor kill his transgender son. 
“Let him be killed, I don’t want to see him. Bring him here and kill him in front of my eyes,” the father ordered. Aliev’s passport shows him before his surgical transformation, the final straw that prompted his Muslim family to demand his gruesome murder. 
Shortly after the broadcast, police confirmed that Aliev was “cut up” into pieces and unrecognizable to those who knew him. 
“I did not recognize Adam’s cut-up body when it was brought to the village,” an official said. 
Aliev was born into a Muslim Chechen family in Dagestan, a Muslim-dominated area in the Russian Trans-Caucasus. According to Alimshaikh, his son’s decision to live as a woman and marry a man had apostatized him from Islam, which the Quran teaches is worthy of execution. 
Although it is unclear whether Alimshaikh is an actual murder suspect, he is undeniably responsible for bringing about his son’s death, which could and should result in criminals charges. 
According to Daily Mail , Aliev’s mother was reported to be “crying day and night” after she heard about his sex change and un-Islamic wedding. It was then that the father publically broadcasted a “purman,” which is an invitation for Muslims to kill a particular person. 
“He cheated them, he went there to Moscow, had surgery and he turned from a boy to a girl,” said a female neighbor of the victim’s father. “And now in Chechnya it is known too. His mother is saying ‘I don’t want to see him, I gave birth to a son, but what for? It is such a disgrace for the family.’ If the mother and father give a purman, it means they want him to be killed.” 
Muslims are responsible for 91 percent of the world’s honor killings, which have motives ranging from marrying against their family’s wishes to simply insulting Islam by becoming “too Western.” In fact, even the family’s Muslim neighbor believes that Aliev’s actions are so dishonorable that they warranted his death. 
Mad World News reported in December 2015 that a 23-year-old Muslim woman brutally drowned her 2-year-old daughter after she caught her own father raping the child. The little girl suffered severe internal injuries before the mother walked in on the girl’s 59-year-old grandfather sexually abusing her. The woman drew her still bleeding daughter a bath and held her underwater until she stopped breathing because she wanted to “avoid scandal.” This is just one example of the sinister measures Muslim will go to in order to preserve their religion’s idea of honor. 
While the left claims to be the champion of LGBT rights, don’t expect them to make a fuss over Aliev’s death. As they have consistently proven, Islam trumps the LGBT community. Either because they are terrified of Muslims or because they are blindly ignorant of the ideology, liberals will likely come to the defense of Islam over its transgender victim.",0
2005,Dear Milo: Thank You - Breitbart,"Dear MILO  —   I’m not one to write fan letters, but I realized I wouldn’t get my (completely unnecessary) beauty sleep unless I took some time to say: thank you. [I know you are deluged with fan mail from the college students, military personnel and even grandmothers whose lives you’ve touched, but I hope you take a few minutes to read this letter. After all, it isn’t very often you receive correspondence from someone as fabulous and talented as you.  I’m going to get right to the heart of the matter by skipping the requisite part of fan mail that claims you go “too far” in one area or another. I won’t skip the other requisite part  —   mentioning that your hair and brain are both amazing! In short, thank you for helping Donald Trump to be elected President of the United States. As a fellow foreigner, I know you will recognize that America is often a bit nuts, but seems to regain sanity at key turning points throughout history. We are at just such a turning point, but the good guys winning was, for much of 2016, far from guaranteed. America was on the brink of electing Sick Hillary and devolving completely into a kleptocracy. Without any doubt, you have helped America, a country you love as deeply as your native England, to make the right decision. I will admit, as your biggest fan, that watching the bad guys get upset at you has been just as entertaining as your writing and speaking. The fake news media has gone into overdrive printing lies about you. The campus crybabies have moved past protesting you they now are threatening to stab you. And the bitcoin brownshirt wing of the   continues to hate your guts. Without question, your voice is the one that reached millennials on campus, in military service, and, yes, even those currently living in their mom’s basement thanks to the Obama economy. While other leading lights of conservatism were busy arguing policy points or foolishly throwing their weight behind the #NeverTrump movement, you reached young people with a message of free speech, free expression and spread Donald Trump’s message of unleashing hell on the liberal status quo. You completely called it when you wrote in June of 2015 that Donald Trump should be the Internet’s candidate for President. He was. He was also America’s choice. You were one of the vanishingly few people in public life never to doubt his victory  —   or the power of the internet to propel him to the most powerful elected office on the face of the Earth. Meme magic is real. You’ve waged a vast war for free speech on campuses practically    …     and won! You’re like a skinny Rambo, with better hair and diction. Your Dangerous Faggot Tour showed young conservatives that they don’t have to furtively hide in the shadows on campus  —   leading to them expressing themselves as vociferously as their liberal classmates. Can anyone imagine conservative students chalking messages about their candidate in any other situation? Congratulations for inspiring and entertaining an entire generation of young   and  . Your tour had other effects on voters besides emboldening young conservatives. Your speeches frequently exposed Americans to the ugly underbelly of identity politics. Without a doubt, tens of thousands of voters who would have otherwise voted for Crooked Hillary chose to vote third party or stay home after seeing videos of the hysterical crybabies who have replaced classical liberals in the Democrat power structure. They have been left pondering how their party became the party of hatred and violence. Not to mention many thousands of undecided voters who chose Trump based on the protestors and university administrations who bent over backwards apologizing for allowing you to speak on their campus. Can you blame undecided voters for rejecting four years of the country being run by the most boring nannies and scolds in history? Joyless, soulless schoolmarms may run many American universities, but they won’t run America, in part thanks to you, Milo. I know you could read this forever, because I could write it forever. But both of us need to get back to work, because electing Donald Trump was just the first step in the coming culture war  —   a war we will win. Maybe my second book will be one long fan letter to myself. In the meantime, I will wrap this up with a few more important MILO moments. Your war with   Twitter in 2016 exposed just how far Silicon Valley had descended into liberal activism. You made a convincing case for gay voters to support Donald Trump by speaking outside the Pulse nightclub following the terrorist attack in Orlando. Your speech underscored the betrayal of LGBT citizens by Hillary Clinton and the Democrats in their rush to embrace Islam. You twisted the knife in trademark MILO fashion by hosting a Gays for Trump party at the RNC. It was the hottest event of the entire RNC  —   a convention of which you were the undisputed star. And this is just the beginning. You have recently hit a million fans on Facebook and achieved a   dollar book deal with a major publisher for a book that shot to #1 on the Amazon Best Seller list within a day of its announcement, two months from publication. You’re the hottest thing in media, and everyone knows it  —   even the journalists who continually lie about you to their readers, to no effect. To sum things up, thank you for being you. America and indeed the entire world is a better, safer place with Daddy in charge and with you keeping the world entertained. It took someone as handsome, intelligent, fashionable, talented, popular, stunning and brave as you  —   me  —   to write this letter, so you know your contributions to culture and western civilization have not gone overlooked. Here’s to a stunning, successful, winning 2017, packed to the gills with cultural, commercial and journalistic success. You are what young conservatism looks like now  —   and it’s fabulous. Love forever, MILO, DANGEROUS is available to   now via Amazon, in hardcover and Kindle editions. And yes, MILO is reading the audiobook version himself!  Follow Milo Yiannopoulos (@Nero) on Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat. Hear him every Friday on The Milo Yiannopoulos Show. Write to Milo at milo@breitbart. com.",0
2006,Cher Just Destroyed Fake Republican Outrage Over Hillary’s Emails With One Tweet,"World-famous singer Cherilyn “Cher” Sarkisian took to Twitter recently to give her two cents on the re-ignition of the email scandal Republican witch-hunt of Hillary Clinton. 
FBI director James Comey bowed to pressure from House Republicans and released a letter informing them of “updates” to the investigation, which was the discovery of emails on disgraced Democratic Congressman Anthony Weiner’s personal email devices that were not from or to former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. 
Cher vented the frustration that many of us are feeling in this tweet: TIRED OF BULLOUTRAGE‼️ GW BUSH’‘S W.H DID TRASH 22 MILLION FKNG EMAILS‼️HIS WARS KILLED &MAIMED THOUSANDS ,& HE &BANKRUPTED ANSWER THAT 
— Cher (@cher) October 29, 2016 
The George Bush White House launched two multinational invasions and orchestrated the construction of secret detention centers around the world for the specific intention of committing crimes against humanity – but nobody seems to care about the information that might have been contained in THOSE emails. 
The double standard that is applied to Hillary Clinton is outrageous. George W. Bush and Dick Cheney, both war criminals, walk free while the nation obsesses over John Podesta’s risotto recipe and a rabble-rousing Russophile rapist draws closer to the White House. Where have our priorities gone?",0
2007,Blank Book Titled ’Reasons to Vote for Democrats’ Tops Amazon Bestseller List,"One of the top selling new books on Amazon. com is entitled, Reasons to Vote for Democrats: A Comprehensive Guide. [It purports to list all the many reasons why Americans should vote for Democrats. The book is a fast read, though, as buyers will quickly discover that after its table of contents, the book is filled with blank pages.  On its Amazon. com page, the new book “written” by Michael J. Knowles, the managing editor at the Daily Wire, is described as the “most exhaustively researched and coherently argued Democrat Party apologia to date. ” Conservative writer Ben Shapiro endorsed the   book with a   review: “Thorough. ” Coming soon to Amazon #WorldBookDay pic. twitter.   —   Michael Knowles 🇺🇸 (@michaeljknowles) March 3, 2017,  At the time this story was published on March 9, the book ranked as the top selling book at Amazon. com. It was also featured as the number one   political humor book. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
2008,On This the N.F.L. Agrees: The Cowboys’ Offensive Line Is No. 1 - The New York Times,"Much of the credit for the remarkable rise of the Dallas Cowboys from   last season to   this season has gone to two rookies: quarterback Dak Prescott and running back Ezekiel Elliott. But insiders will tell you that the real secret to the Cowboys’ success is their offensive line, which, by most accounts, is the best in the N. F. L. Whether blocking for Elliott or giving Prescott the time he needs to find an open receiver, Dallas’s dominant line is the constant that has driven the team forward. It is difficult to scientifically assess the merits of an offensive line. Linemen do not compile straightforward statistics, like yardage or touchdowns. But measures that do exist point to the Cowboys’ line as elite. Three of the five starters have been chosen to the Pro Bowl, a total matched only by the Oakland Raiders. It is the fourth consecutive Pro Bowl selection for left tackle Tyron Smith and the third straight for center Travis Frederick and right guard Zack Martin. The line is rounded out by left guard Ronald Leary, subbing for the injured La’el Collins, and the veteran right tackle Doug Free. “I have always felt that the offensive line are the heartbeat for a franchise,” Troy Aikman, the former Cowboys quarterback, said. “If you’ve got tough physical offensive linemen, then your team is going to be tough and physical. That becomes what your identity is. ” Aikman will be calling Dallas’s game against the Green Bay Packers on Sunday for Fox. Others around the N. F. L. agree. “The offensive line is unbelievable,” Vikings Coach Mike Zimmer told reporters in November. “They’re by far the best in the league that I’ve seen. Smith is the best lineman in the league by far. But they’ve got a lot of big, physical guys. ” Elliott thought enough of his linemen to give them all John Deere   vehicles for Christmas. Focusing on the offensive line has been a conscious decision by Coach Jason Garrett and the Cowboys. “The background that Jason has, his beliefs come from the years we shared together with the Cowboys in the ” Aikman said. “His interest was building the offensive line. They built their offense around the power running game. ” The Cowboys had not used a   pick on a blocker since 1981, eight years before Jerry Jones bought the team. But a run of three in four years  —   Smith in 2011, Frederick in 2013 and Martin in 2014 —   laid the foundation for the corps now in place. Using a system that includes statistics like yards before contact on running plays and sacks, hits, and hurries on passing plays, Pro Football Focus ranked the Cowboys’ offensive line the best in the league, ahead of the lines of the Eagles and the Raiders. (The Chargers ranked last.) Although it is hard to quantify exactly how much of the credit goes to the offensive line, the Cowboys ranked fifth in yards per pass and third in yards per run. Dallas and Atlanta were the only teams in the top five in both categories. The news media have also piled on the praise. Sports Illustrated writers picked the Cowboys as the best offensive line, and also suggested that the unit should be considered the league’s collective most valuable player. Bleacher Report went further, naming the line as one of the greatest in history, alongside units like the Redskins Hogs of the early 1980s and the Raiders of the 1970s. One line also named among the greatest was the Cowboys’ line of the early to mid 1990s, which won three Super Bowls blocking for Emmitt Smith. While praising the current unit, Aikman was quick to nod to the men who blocked for him, who came into the league less heralded. “We never had three   guys or   picks on the offensive line,” he noted. Sunday’s game will be a match of great lines, with the Packers’ offensive line, ranked fifth by Pro Football Focus, anchored by the Pro Bowl right guard T. J. Lang. The Cowboys’ future up front looks strong. Of the three Pro Bowl linemen, Smith is in his sixth year, Frederick in his fourth and Martin in his third. All are signed for next season, as is Free. Leary may leave as a free agent, but at 32, he is a much more replaceable piece. With the rookie Prescott at the helm, the solid line is a security blanket. “I would have loved to have those in place when I came in as a rookie in 1989,” Aikman said. “Whether it’s me, Joe Montana or Terry Bradshaw, there were good players around us. Prescott’s been the beneficiary. ”",0
2009,Flashback: Megyn Kelly: I ’Was Born’ to Be MSM Talent - Breitbart,"Former Fox News “talent” Megyn Kelly revealed in interviews before the debut of her new NBC show that she has always felt that she was “born” to be a mainstream media personality.  “I understand what that show is. That show is a show I was born to do,” she told the New York Times while promoting her Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly show, which could not even beat a 60 Minutes rerun in its debut. Kelly made similar comments at NBC’s upfront presentations last month. She bluntly told Politico during her round of interviews, “I was not born to be a political news anchor. ” “The audience enjoyed the show and I’m grateful for it,” she said of her Fox News primetime show. “But it wasn’t who I was and it isn’t who I am. ” Kelly told the Daily Beast that cable news offers “no time for wining and dining you gotta get right to it. ” Her new show, though, will allow her time for more nuance and relationship building with her guests. Her show, she says, has “allowed me to open up more and show more of who I am” and “show a range of emotion and personality and sides of me that wasn’t possible when I was in   cable news. ” Like many others who used their positions at    outlets to get adoration from the mainstream press to eventually land a mainstream media gig, Kelly got the requisite pats on the head from The Opposition Party’s members during the 2016 presidential campaign. Using the prominent platform she somehow got on Fox News, Kelly attacked and attempted to kneecap   Trump, most egregiously during a GOP presidential debate when she took Trump’s comments out of context in order to paint him as a sexist pig. The mainstream media howled their approval. And in hindsight, it seems as if Kelly, who conservatives always suspected was more liberal than she let on, was auditioning for them. As for Trump, Kelly told the Daily Beast that she “wouldn’t say no to a sit down” with him but “it’s not something I am pursuing right now. ” “It’s just nice to not be at the pointy point of the spear for every news story he generated,” she told the Times. But Kelly said she was excited to do what she feels she was “born to do. ” She told the Daily Beast that she has learned it was “extremely hard to be a    mother. ” “I was driving the housekeeper crazy. Poor Carla. Nobody was as happy as Carla was when I went back to work,” she said. When news of NBC’s hiring of Kelly broke, one executive reportedly told CNN that “the degree of difficulty” would be “extremely high” for Kelly and if she does not succeed, “she could end up fading into obscurity. ” Kelly’s first two programs have failed to beat reruns of 60 Minutes. Her last even lost to a rerun of America’s Funniest Home Videos. NBC News is reportedly “freaking out” over the “ratings disaster” that is Kelly.",0
2010,Report: Melania and Barron Trump Will Move to the White House This Summer - Breitbart,"First Lady Melania Trump and son Barron will move to the White House this summer when Barron finishes school, according to a new report. [Melania and Barron will head to Washington once Barron, 11, finishes the school year at Columbia Grammar and Preparatory School in New York, Fox News reported Saturday. Author Serafin Gómez cited a “senior White House official” as the source for this claim.  Melania and Barron decided that they would not move into the White House on Inauguration Day back in November. There were rumors that they would remain at Trump Tower indefinitely and not move into the White House at all, according to the New York Post, but the White House quashed those rumors Saturday. Gómez’s source said that the first lady has been actively involved in arranging the East Wing residence ahead of the move. Barron will be the first son of a president to live in the White House in more than 50 years, since John F. Kennedy Jr. arrived as a toddler in 1961. Barron’s new living quarters will be small compared to Trump Tower, where he reportedly has an entire floor to himself.",0
2011,Black Voters Not Turning Out for Hillary,"Black Voters Not Turning Out for Hillary November 2,   
Black voters helped Hillary beat Bernie, but they're not turning out for her in early voting . Neither are millennials. 
After Sunday night’s polls closed, black vot ers accounted for 16 percent of the in-person early vote ballots cast. And that included five previous days of in-person early voting. 
But in 2012, in just two days of in-person early voting, blacks cast 25 percent of those early ballots, according to Dan Smith, a University of Florida political science professor who published some of the early voting data on his must-read Election Smith blog. 
Due to such strong African-American turnout after the beginning of in-person early voting in 2012, Democrats began outpacing Republicans in total ballots cast before Election Day, by about 10,000. This year, though, Republicans still cling to their own lead of about 9,000. As of Monday morning about 3.7 million absentee and in-person early ballots had been cast, 40.5 percent of them by Republicans and 40.2 percent by Democrats. 
Hillary is getting Latino support, largely due to the immigration debate, but she just doesn't have the hot sauce draw that her husband and Obama did. That leaves her more dependent on white voters and forces her to zigzag between moderate and extreme positions. Which only adds to her reputation for untrustworthiness.",0
2012,California Hires Eric Holder as Legal Bulwark Against Donald Trump - The New York Times,"LOS ANGELES  —   Girding for four years of potential battles with   Donald J. Trump, Democratic leaders of the California Legislature announced Wednesday that they had hired Eric H. Holder Jr. who was attorney general under President Obama, to represent them in any legal fights against the new Republican White House. The decision by the Legislature to retain Mr. Holder, who is now a prominent Washington lawyer, is the latest sign of  the ideological battle that may play out over the next four years between this predominantly Democratic state and Washington. Hillary Clinton, the Democratic candidate for president, defeated Mr. Trump by more than four million votes here. “Having the former attorney general of the United States brings us a lot of firepower in order to prepare to safeguard the values of the people of California,” Kevin de León, the Democratic leader of the Senate, said in an interview. “This means we are very, very serious. ” Mr. de León said he expected California to challenge Washington  —   and defend itself from policies instituted in Washington  —   on issues including the environment, immigration and criminal justice. He said California Democrats decided to turn to Mr. Holder as they watched Mr. Trump assemble his cabinet and begin to set the tone for his presidency. “It was very clear that it wasn’t just campaign rhetoric,” Mr. de León said of Mr. Trump’s proposals over the past year. “He was surrounding himself with people who are a very clear and present danger to the economic prosperity of California. ” Mr. Trump did not immediately return requests for comment. The move by Mr. de León and his Democratic counterpart in the Assembly, Anthony Rendon, follows Gov. Jerry Brown’s appointment of Representative Xavier Becerra as attorney general last month, to succeed Kamala D. Harris, who was elected to the United States Senate. That appointment made Mr. Becerra one of the   Latino officials in this state, and he is expected to be instrumental in battling with the Trump White House over any attempt to enforce stringent measures aimed at immigrants. Mr. Brown has made clear that he intends to challenge the administration on global warming and that his attorney general will be a key to that battle. The Democratic Party controls   of both the Assembly and the Senate in California. Every statewide elected official is a Democrat. Mr. Holder was Mr. Obama’s attorney general from 2009 to 2015. He was the first   to hold that position. He is a partner at Covington  Burling, a law firm in Washington that specializes in representing states and companies against the federal government. “I am honored that the Legislature chose Covington to serve as its legal adviser as it considers how to respond to potential changes in federal law that could impact California’s residents and policy priorities,” Mr. Holder said in a statement. “I am confident that our expertise across a wide array of federal legal and regulatory issues will be a great resource to the Legislature. ” The Legislature has an ample stable of lawyers on staff, but officials said Mr. Holder and his firm brought specific litigation and political skills that could be needed in the coming years. Mr. de León said the final compensation for the firm had not been set, but would be publicly disclosed once it was. “The cost will be very minimal compared to the billions of dollars at stake if California doesn’t adequately make its case,” he said.",0
2013,Wikileaks: CNN’s Donna Brazile Shared More Debate Questions With Hillary Clinton,"Videos Wikileaks: CNN’s Donna Brazile Shared More Debate Questions With Hillary Clinton We can't imagine that Bernie supporters are very happy that this is the person chosen to takeover the leadership position at the DNC after Schultz was pushed out for showing favoritism toward the Clinton campaign. | October 31, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Democratic National Committee Chair Donna Brazile speaks during the second day of the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia , Tuesday, July 26, 2016. 
Over the past several weeks DNC Chair Donna Brazile has been pummeled in the media after Podesta’s emails revealed that she provided a debate question to Hillary in advance of a March 13, 2016 debate with Bernie Sanders. 
Now, the latest WikiLeaks dump reveals that it wasn’t just a one-off thing. The following email from Brazile, sent one day prior to a March 6th debate with Bernie, shows yet another occasion of her providing an advanced peak at debate questions to the Hillary campaign. We can’t imagine that Bernie supporters are very happy that this is the person chosen to takeover the leadership position at the DNC after Schultz was pushed out for showing favoritism toward the Clinton campaign. 
And, sure enough, according to the following transcript from the New York Times , Hillary was well prepared for a question from Lee-Anne Walters about lead poisoning…she even had a handy stat about 500k children having “lead in their bodies”….but those are just stats that most people have on the top of their minds. 
COOPER: I want to go to Lee-Anne Walters. This is Lee-Anne Walters. She was one of the first people to report problems with the water in Flint. One of her twin boys stopped growing. Her daughter lost her hair. 

She says she’s undecided, and has a question for both of you to answer, but we’ll start with Senator Sanders. Ms. Walters? 

QUESTION: A fter my family, the city of Flint and the children in D.C. were poisoned by lead , will you make a personal promise to me right now that, as president, in your first 100 days in office, you will make it a requirement that all public water systems must remove all lead service lines throughout the entire United States, and notification made to the — the citizens that have said service lines. 
SANDERS: I will make a personal promise to you that the EPA and the EPA director that I appoint will make sure that every water system in the United States of America is tested, and that the people of those communities know the quality of the water that they are drinking, and that we are gonna have a plan to rebuild water systems in this country that are unsafe for drinking. COOPER: Let me just point out for accuracy’s sake, there is 10 million lead service pipes delivering water to people all across this country tonight. Secretary Clinton? 
CLINTON: Well, I agree completely. I want to go further though. I want us to have an absolute commitment to getting rid of lead wherever it is because it’s not only in water systems, it’s also in soil, and it’s in lead paint that is found mostly in older homes. That’s why 500,000 children today have lead — lead in their bodies. 
So, I want to do exactly what you said. We will commit to a priority to change the water systems, and we will commit within five years to remove lead from everywhere. 
We were making progress on this in the 1990’s. I worked with then Senator Obama to get more money, more support to do more to remove lead. 
And then there is also this follow-up to a previous email in which Brazile promises even more debate questions. 

Donna Brazile was noticeably uncomfortable for every second of the following 10-minute interview with Megyn Kelly of Fox News. Kelly pushed hard on the recent Project Veritas undercover videos showing DNC operatives plotting to incite violence at Trump rallies and commit massive voter fraud and over Brazile’s leaked email showing that she provided a CNN debate question to Hillary ahead of a March 2016 debate with Bernie. Brazile tried every trick in the book to deflect and pivot but Kelly held her feet to the fire. 
Brazile’s response on the Project Veritas videos were mostly nonsensical though she did summon the typical democrat argument that O’Keefe is a criminal and has a history of doctoring videos. But the real fireworks came when she was pressed on her leaked email revealing that she shared a debate question with Hillary in advance of a debate. 
“ I did not receive any questions from CNN , let’s just be very clear.” 
“First of all what information are you providing to me that will let me see what you are talking about?” 
“ As a Christian woman I understand persecution, but I will not sit here and be persecuted because your information is totally false. ” 
“Podesta’s emails were stolen. You’re like the thief that wants to bring into the night what you found in the gutter. ” 
“ I am not going to try to validate falsified information. I have my documents, I have my files. 
Because Donna seems to be afflicted with the same disease that haunted Hillary during her tenure as Secretary of State, an awful condition the causes the host to “not recall” significant life events, below is a refresher of the email in question. 
And here is a similar interview by Jordan Chariton of The Young Turks : 
Yeah, but Russia. 
This article originally appeared on ZeroHedge.com . Be Sociable, Share!",0
2014,"He Loses His Pulse For 45 Minutes, Wakes Up And Reveals THIS Afterlife Chilling Vision","Share on Facebook This man loses pulse for 45 minutes, but then wakes up with an incredible vision of afterlife! A trucker in Ohio shocked hospital staff after coming back to life nearly an hour after he lost his pulse following a massive heart attack — but it's what he claims to have seen during those tense moments that has him sure there's an afterlife. Brian Miller, 41, was opening the lid of a container when he knew something felt wrong — he immediately called 911 and told the operator, “I'm a truck driver and I think I'm having a heart attack.” Sure enough, his main artery was completely blocked — causing what's known as a “widow-maker” heart attack, Fox 8 Cleveland reported . He was rushed to a local hospital where doctors managed to revive him and clear the blockage, but after regaining consciousness and feeling the pain dissipate, he developed ventricular fibrillation, when the heart starts quivering wildly and is unable to pump blood. “He had no heart rate, he had no blood pressure, he had no pulse,” said ICU nurse Emily Bishop. “I mean think about that.” Doctor's performed “strong, hard, fast CPR” and shocked Miller four times to try to revive him, but had no luck. It was during that time that Miller said he slipped away into a celestial world, “The only thing I remember I started seeing the light, and started walking toward the light.” He described walking down a flower-lined path into white light — until he came upon his step mother, who had died recently, “She was the most beautiful thing when I seen her, it was like the first day I met her, (she) looked so happy.” Miller remembered, “She grabbed ahold of my arm and told me, ‘It's not your time, you don't need to be here, we've got to take you back you've got things to go and do.’” After 45 minutes, his pulse returned “out of nowhere,” Bishop said. ”His brain had no oxygen for 45 minutes, the fact that he's up walking, talking, laughing, everything is amazing.” Glad to be back amongst the living, Miller now says there is one thing he is sure of, “There is an afterlife and people need to believe in it, big time.” Related:",0
2015,"NYTimes Editor Defends Paper's Coverage of Trump, Claims Fox News and CNN Are ""Bad for Democracy""","
So this is new. 
Via the Financial Times , New York Times executive editor Dean Baquet is coming out hot against CNN and Fox News: 
“This mix of entertainment and news, and news masquerading as entertainment, is kind of funny except that we now have a guy who is a product of that world nominated as Republican presidential nominee."" 
Politico noted that Baquet also called out CNN for hiring Corey Lewandowski, and called Fox News “not a journalistic institution” at heart. He did compliment Megyn Kelly and Chris Wallace, calling them great journalists. 
Earlier this week, the Times published a major story detailing Trump's Twitter insults, which are also available on Twitter: Get the magnifying glass: 2 full pages in 3-pt type of NYT listing hundreds of Trump's insults pic.twitter.com/AylrTa2ScJ — Trip Gabriel (@tripgabriel) October 24, 2016 
Not to be deterred, Baquet also dropped a fun burn, claiming cable news coverage in 2016 has been: 
“bad for democracy and those institutions.” 
Ouch! ",0
2016,Hillary’s Attorney General Makes Disgusting Joke About Missing Children,"Gingrich Infuriates Libs With MASSIVE Call to Trump Voters on Election Day 
You can watch the video here: 
It is no secret that under the direction of President Barack Obama, Perez directed the challenge of South Carolina’s 2011 Voter ID Law , asserting that the estimated 81,000 South Carolina voters without any photo identification were helpless, hapless victims and not simply irresponsible. Advertisement - story continues below 
He also blocked voter ID requirements in Texas, and was well known for testifying that political leadership did not play a factor in the decision to dismiss three of the four defendants in the criminal voter intimidation case of the New Black Panther Party, a radicalized faction considered by virtually every other advocacy organization to be a hate group. 
More than an isolated incident, this systemic disconnect from the concern Americans have for their children, their families and their communities is typical of the Clinton administration, and since Hillary Clinton has been literally at the center of U.S. power for 8 years, that term isn’t a stretch. 
Despite four years of backpedaling on Benghazi and eight years of excuses for the loss of hope and confidence in America’s strength and power to provide for our children and generations to come, Hillary Clinton has no answers beyond empty rhetoric. 
If Hillary Clinton won’t stand up for our children, won’t make them and their future her first priority, we must turn to a leader who will: her Republican rival Donald Trump. Advertisement - story continues below",0
2017,How to Plan an Active Vacation - The New York Times,"Forget the standard hangout by the beach or sightseeing through a city vacation. Hiking, walking and biking are less common ways to explore a destination, according to Susan Sparks, a travel adviser at Points of Interest Travel in Aspen, Colo. who specializes in customized active trips. “When you take an active trip, you’re out in nature and get a perspective on a place that most travelers don’t. Plus, you’re moving a lot and burn plenty of calories to balance out all the eating and drinking that are typical on vacations,” she said. But she cautions that all active getaways aren’t created equal and offers tips on planning one that’s best for you.  Yes, you can plan an active vacation on your own, but Ms. Sparks said that booking with an outfitter is a smarter way to go. “A seamless active vacation can be logistically complicated to plan, and trip outfitters have done the groundwork of mapping out routes, vetting out good hotels along these routes and buying the right equipment,” she said. Reliable outfitters for walking, hiking and biking trips include Backroads, Butterfield  Robinson, Gray  Co. Mountain Travel Sobek, DuVine Cycling  Adventure Co. and Trek Travel. Most offer private and group trips, and all have specialists who can help you choose a trip based on your interests, budget and fitness level. Your idea of an active vacation could mean waking up early to embark on a full day of   movement. For another traveler, however, a   of leisurely walking with breaks built in for long lunches and cultural tours constitutes activity. Pick a trip according to your definition of active. Ms. Sparks also advises choosing a trip that matches your fitness level. If you’re looking for a week of challenging hiking, for example, the flat and even terrain in Mallorca won’t cut it, but the steep inclines in Italy’s Dolomites will. “If you take a trip that’s too easy or too difficult,” she said, “you may feel like it was a waste of money and time. ” Are you a biker, or are walking and hiking your activities of choice? Keep in mind that not every destination is suited to every kind of activity. Tuscany, for example, is a haven for bikers, but the busy roads and lack of walking trails make it less ideal for a walking holiday. Similarly, El Camino de Santiago, a pilgrimage route in northern Spain, is a hiker’s dream, but the narrow trails don’t offer the ease of open roads for biking.  Multisport trips offer more variety than a trip that’s solely walking or biking. “There are many fun trip options that combine walking and biking and also have rafting and kayaking thrown in,” Ms. Sparks said. One example is a Backroads trip to Croatia’s Dalmatian Coast that includes walking, biking and kayaking.",0
2018,Veterans Group Blasts ’Selfish’ Elizabeth Warren for Putting Illegal Aliens First - Breitbart,"Last week, members of the group Veterans Assisting Veterans (VAV) penned an open letter to “all Americans” criticizing Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) and many of her fellow Democrats for their support of illegal immigrants and calling for these politicians to put United States veterans first. [“Senator Warren and others like her should know the difference between legal and illegal activity and chose instead to act out negatively in selfish political theater,” the letter reads. It asks, “Where’s your rally for US Veterans, Senator Warren?” The group wrote they are “deeply troubled by the continued lack of prioritization by some prominent elected members of our government. ”  John MacDonald, a board member and VAV spokesman, signed the letter. He and fellow VAV member Dennis Moschella appeared on “Fox  Friends Weekend” Sunday and were invited back on again Monday morning. During Sunday’s interview, MacDonald reminded Warren, “Illegal immigrants didn’t vote for her. ” According to the Boston Herald, the group has funded the purchase of   wheelchairs for local veterans and horse therapy at Ironstone Farm in Andover, Massachusetts. “A message we have for every politician in this country: There are between 15 and 20 million veterans,” MacDonald said in Monday’s interview. “If we get all our veterans together, people that are serving currently in the armed forces, and call our representatives, we have an unbelievable voting bloc. ” The letter also criticizes Sen. Ed Markey ( ) Reps. Michael Capuano ( ) and Seth Moulton ( ) and Boston’s Democrat Mayor Martin Walsh for not doing enough for veterans issues. Moulton served in the Iraq War. The sole Republican mentioned in the letter is Sen. John McCain ( ). “Even Republican Senator and US Veteran John McCain has seemed to forget about his fellow veterans and the deep troubles at the VA  …     and its extremely sad,” the letter notes. Last December, Breitbart News reported that some employees at the hospice unit of the Veterans Affairs medical center (VAMC) in Bay Pines, Florida, left the body of a deceased veteran in a shower room for over nine hours. In 2015, a damning report published by the Inspector General for Veterans Affairs revealed that a number of former combatants’   documents at the Los Angeles VA Regional Office (VARO) were placed in employee shred boxes without being processed. All but one of the documents labeled for shredding had the potential to affect veterans’ benefits. According to the Boston Herald, Warren spokeswoman Lacey Rose said the   of veterans is of “utmost importance” to the senator. “She also knows that standing up for our veterans and rejecting President Trump’s unlawful, immoral, and irresponsible attacks on immigrants are not mutually exclusive issues. ” Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz",0
2019,"John McCain Says Putin a Bigger Threat Than Islamic State, Admits ‘No Evidence’ Russia Changed Election Outcome","Long time Trump opponent Sen. John McCain ( ) said in an interview aired Monday that Russian President Vladimir Putin represents more of a threat to the world than Islamic State  —   although he conceded that he has seen ‘no evidence’ Russia changed the outcome of the 2016 election. [McCain made the remarks during an interview with the Australian Broadcasting Corporation’s “7:30” program, where he was asked how much of a threat he believed Vladimir Putin to be to global security.  . @PutinRF_Eng a bigger threat than ISIS @SenJohnMcCain tells #abc730 @abbydphillip @peterbakernyt @abwrig @jaketapper @jonathanvswan pic. twitter.   —   abc730 (@abc730) May 29, 2017,  “I think he is the premier and most important threat, more so than ISIS,” he said. “I think ISIS can do terrible things and I worry a lot what is happening with the Muslim faith and I worry about a whole lot of things about it. ” “But it’s the Russians who tried to destroy the very fundamental of democracy, and that is to change the outcome of an American election,” he said.  McCain, an outspoken opponent of President Trump, has frequently dipped his toe in   theories about alleged Russian influence in the 2016 election. In the interview, he called the controversy surrounding Russia and the firing of FBI Director James Comey a “scandal of significant proportions. ” However, he conceded that there is “no evidence” the Russians affected the outcome of the election. “I’ve seen seen no evidence they succeeded, but they tried, and they are still trying to change elections, they just tried to affect the outcome of the French elections,” he said. “I view the Russians as the far greatest challenge we have. ” In the interview, McCain also said Trump makes him “nervous from time to time” but that he knows that the president frequently takes the advice of his national security team. “Can I tell you that he does all the time? No. Does it bother me? Yes, it bothers me. ” Adam Shaw is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York. Follow Adam on Twitter: @AdamShawNY",0
2020,A Surly Misfit With No Terror Links Turned a Truck Into a Tank - The New York Times,"NICE, France  —   He lived on the 12th floor of a high rise in a heavily immigrant housing project and was known to his neighbors only as a moody and aggressive oddball. He never went to the local mosque, often grunted in response to greetings of “bonjour” and sometimes beat his wife  —   until she threw him out. The French authorities had much the same view of the man, Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel, a heavyset    from Tunisia  —   definitely trouble but not a grave menace to the security of the nation. At 10:45 on Thursday evening, however, Mr. Lahouaiej Bouhlel was starting an attack that would stun and horrify his old neighbors, the French security forces and much of the world: stepping on the accelerator of a   refrigerated truck he had rented, he turned the vehicle into a highly efficient instrument of mass murder. Zigzagging so as to hit as many people as possible as the vehicle careered down the Promenade des Anglais, alongside the Mediterranean, Mr. Lahouaiej Bouhlel transformed the celebrated French Riviera boulevard, crammed with people who had just watched a fireworks show celebrating Bastille Day, into a vast tableau of carnage and panic. By the end of his murderous drive, when he was shot to death by the police, 84 lifeless bodies were left scattered behind him and scores of others lay gravely wounded. “We were all like zombies, just running and screaming,” recalled Alexia Carbonne, a    who had gone out Thursday evening with a girlfriend to watch the fireworks. The dead included 10 children and teenagers, François Molins, the prosecutor who oversees terrorism cases, said on Friday. Among the victims were two German students and their teacher two Americans two Tunisians, and one Russian. Of the 202 people wounded, 52 had serious injuries and 25 were in intensive care, Mr. Molins said. His    the third   act of terrorism in France in a year and a half, highlighted the difficulties of guarding against unconventional attacks. Yet it also left the French government facing uncomfortable questions about whether it had provided sufficient security in Nice even as it urged citizens to recognize that the terrorist threat would not be eradicated quickly or easily. “I want to tell my fellow countrymen that we will win this war, but that we might be faced with new retaliations, that there will probably be more innocent victims,” said Prime Minister Manuel Valls. Mr. Lahouaiej Bouhlel appeared not to have left behind any public declaration of his motive or indicated any allegiance to the Islamic State or another extremist group. On Saturday morning, the Islamic State said Mr. Lahouaiej Bouhlel was a “soldier” for its cause and had “carried out the attack to answer the calls for targeting the nationals of countries in the coalition” fighting the extremist group in Syria and Iraq. But it remained unclear whether the claim of support was an effort by the Islamic State, also know as ISIS or ISIL, to associate itself with a   attack without having been involved in its planning or having any direct contact with Mr. Lahouaiej Bouhlel. He had a history of petty crime, including a   suspended sentence for assaulting a motorist this year. But he was never flagged as a potential jihadist radical and, Mr. Molins said, he was “completely unknown by intelligence services, both at the national and local levels. ” Still, French officials labeled the attack terrorism and cast the episode as the latest in a series that have made France a battlefield in the violent clash between Islamic extremists and the West. The tool he chose for his attack, a speeding vehicle, also fits with a 2014 exhortation by Abu Muhammad   the spokesman for the Islamic State, to   jihadists who wanted to kill French or American citizens but did not have any bombs to hand. “Smash his head with a rock or slaughter him with a knife or run him over with your car,” Mr. Adnani advised. Mr. Valls said the attacker in all likelihood had ties to radical Islamist circles. “He is a terrorist probably linked to radical Islam one way or another,” Mr. Valls told France 2 television. Bernard Cazeneuve, France’s interior minister, was more cautious. “We have an individual who was not at all known by the intelligence services for activities linked to radical Islamism,” Mr. Cazeneuve said, noting that he was not in any French intelligence databases for those suspected of radicalization. He said that the ongoing investigation would determine whether the suspect had acted alone, possibly because of he was psychologically “unbalanced,” or whether he was linked to a terrorist network.  Residents in his former apartment building on a hill overlooking the city said they had never seen him at the local mosque and never heard him mention religion. Indeed, they said he rarely spoke at all and seemed to be in a permanent haze of anger, particularly after his marriage fell apart. Samir Boufet, an    resident in the building, remembered him as a “big guy who clearly had lots of problems. He never spoke with anyone. ” A friend of Mr. Boufet’s, who gave his name as Walid Ben, said Mr. Lahouaiej Bouhlel had a reputation in the neighborhood as a wife beater and always seemed in a foul mood. The French police on Thursday raided two locations in Nice looking for clues to his motivations and possible links to extremist groups. One was the   apartment building where Mr. Lahouaiej Bouhlal had lived with his wife and three children. The other was a small apartment in the east of Nice  —   near the city’s former slaughterhouse  —   to which he moved about a year ago after his wife demanded they live separately. Near the second residence, forensic experts in chemical hazard suits clambered in and out of a truck parked by the side of the road. Painted on its back was the address of a showroom in St.    a town adjacent to the Nice airport. Local residents said the truck had been used by Mr. Lahouaiej Bouhlel for his work as a delivery man at the showroom. But the manager there, John Neto, said the terrorist had never worked for him and that the truck was used by an entirely different man whom he declined to name. Mr. Lahouaiej Bouhlel rented the refrigerated truck he deployed as a killing machine on Monday at a rental company just down the road from the showroom. A female manager on duty at the company said Friday he had provided all the required documents, including a special permit allowing him to use a heavy vehicle. The woman, who declined to give her name, said that Mr. Lahouaiej Bouhlel had aroused no suspicions. But she said she had grown increasingly worried that her truck was being used as a weapon while watching television reports of Thursday evening of the scene on the Promenade des Anglais. She then got a call from the police asking her to give information about who had rented the truck and how. At 9:34 p. m. on Thursday, according to surveillance footage, Mr. Lahouaiej Bouhlel arrived by bicycle to collect the rented truck and then drove it into the center of Nice, arriving at 10:30 p. m. in the Magnan neighborhood, just north of the Promenade des Anglais. His deadly rampage began around 15 minutes later, when he drove the truck south and, after passing a children’s hospital where his young victims now lie, he then turned onto the promenade, which was packed with spectators watching the end of the Bastille Day fireworks. Mr. Lahouaiej Bouhlel initially ran over two people, including a   Muslim woman, on the sidewalk, and then continued driving for 1. 1 miles eastward, running over people left and right as he swerved on and off the sidewalk. Outside the Negresco Hotel, Mr. Lahouaiej Bouhlel fired at three police officers they returned fire, and then pursued him for about 1, 000 feet, until they shot and killed him outside a Hyatt hotel and casino. He was found dead in the passenger seat. In the truck’s cab, police found an automatic 7.  pistol, a cartridge clip, and several cartridges. They also found a fake automatic pistol two fake assault rifles, a Kalashnikov and an   a nonfunctioning grenade and a mobile phone and documents. On a visit to Nice, President François Hollande defended his government against mounting criticism that it had slipped up. Praising security services, he said they had “taken all necessary measures so that this fireworks show might be as protected as possible  —   as had been the case during the European Championship soccer tournament. ” “Why Nice?” Mr. Hollande asked. “Because it is a city that is known worldwide, one of the most beautiful cities on the planet,” he said. “Why on the 14th of July? Because it is a celebration of freedom. It was, therefore, indeed to affect France that the individual committed this terrorist attack. ” Hours before the attack Thursday evening, Mr. Hollande had said that a state of emergency put in place after the Nov. 13 attacks in and around Paris would end soon. The government will now seek to extend the state of emergency for three months. As France announced three days of national mourning, starting on Saturday, world leaders  —   from Pope Francis and President Obama to Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany and Britain’s new prime minister, Theresa May  —   expressed sympathy and outrage. It was a sadly familiar ritual for France, where a total of 147 people were killed in terrorist attacks in and around Paris in January and November of last year, and it raised new questions throughout the world about the ability of extremists to sow terror. The internet reverberated with calls for prayer for victims of attacks in Brussels, Istanbul, Orlando, Fla. Baghdad and other cities struck by mass terrorism attributed to Islamist extremists this year. Struck down at the height of the summer tourism season, Nice on Friday stumbled on as if in a daze, its normally crowded seaside restaurants and luxury hotels mostly closed as armed police officers blocked entry to much of the Promenade des Anglais, still littered in places with surgical gloves, bloody clothing, and other detritus of the previous night’s terror. Late on Friday evening, a long caravan of police vehicles drove slowly down the promenade away from the city center, leaving the wide,   boulevard open to pedestrians and cars once again. Makeshift memorials set up where Mr. Lahouaiej Bouhlel’s victims had fallen drew groups of silent mourners and ever growing piles of white carnations. “The horror, the horror has, once again, hit France,” Mr. Hollande told the nation early Friday morning before leaving for Nice. “France has been struck on the day of her national holiday,” he said. “Human rights are denied by fanatics, and France is clearly their target. ”",0
2021,That Historic Cocktail? Turns Out It’s a Fake - The New York Times,"For the last 20 years, if you were in the bar business and knew one thing about the bartender Adam Seger, it was that he was the man behind the Seelbach cocktail. The Seelbach is named after the Seelbach Hotel (today the Seelbach Hilton) a storied   lodging in downtown Louisville, Ky. that is mentioned briefly in “The Great Gatsby. ” Shortly after being put in charge of the hotel’s bar and restaurant operations in 1995, Mr. Seger declared that he had discovered a recipe for a   cocktail that was once the hotel’s signature drink. He tested it, liked it and put it on the menu. The news media soon picked up on the tale, and within a few years, the Seelbach cocktail was regarded as a rescued classic. It’s a tantalizing back story, one that has charmed cocktail writers and aficionados for years, and there’s only one thing wrong with it: None of it is true. After two decades of   Mr. Seger, 47, who left the hotel in 2001 and recently helped open the Tuck Room in downtown Manhattan, has decided to come clean that he concocted not only the drink but also the story behind it. “I was nobody,” Mr. Seger said of his standing as a bartender then. “I had no previous accolades in the bar world. I knew I could make a great drink. I wanted it to be this promotion for the hotel, and I felt the hotel needed a signature cocktail. How could you have a place that F. Scott Fitzgerald hung out in that doesn’t have a damn cocktail?” Mr. Seger’s sin is hardly an original one bartenders have been telling   tales since there have been bars to tend. It is, however, an unusual instance of   legerdemain in an era when mixologists have made an effort to be more scrupulous about cocktail history. The Seelbach cocktail story began when Mr. Seger started digging into the hotel’s history. “We found old menus,” he said. “I was convinced there had to be a Seelbach cocktail. ” Except there wasn’t. So he created one, mixing bourbon, triple sec and Angostura and Peychaud’s bitters, and topping it all with sparkling white wine. He then came up with an elaborate origin story involving a couple from New Orleans who had honeymooned at the hotel in 1912. The man ordered a manhattan, the woman a Champagne cocktail. The clumsy bartender, spilling the bubbly into the manhattan, set the mess aside and made the drinks anew. But the accidental mélange got the barman thinking. Soon, the Seelbach cocktail was born. The Louisville   was the first to write about the   drink. Soon, it was included in “New Classic Cocktails,” a 1997 book by Gaz Regan and Mardee Haidin Regan. Later, it found its way into “Vintage Spirits and Forgotten Cocktails,” an influential book by the drinks historian Ted Haigh, known as Dr. Cocktail. To Mr. Seger’s amazement, no one ever asked him to produce an old menu with the drink on it. “When Ted’s book came out, I thought, ‘Oh, now this is getting too serious, because this is a history book,’” Mr. Seger said. Mr. Seger, who talked of how he had “carried this around” for years, recently confessed his transgression to Mr. Regan. “To be honest,” Mr. Regan said, “I always suspected that Adam had created the drink, but I really, really loved it, his story was almost plausible, and I needed recipes for ‘New Classic Cocktails. ’” When informed by a reporter of the drink’s new birth date, Matthew Willinger, the hotel’s director of public relations, replied that the cocktail “has certainly been a tradition of the hotel and will remain part of its future. ” Recipe: The Seelbach Cocktail",0
2022,California Today: Meet Your Next Attorney General - The New York Times,"Good morning. (Want to get California Today by email? Sign up.) Let’s turn it over to Adam Nagourney, our Los Angeles bureau chief, for today’s introduction. No one saw it coming. When Gov. Jerry Brown on Thursday appointed Xavier Becerra, the Democratic congressman from Los Angeles, to fill the     position of California attorney general, the move roiled the state’s political establishment. (Much of the speculation had centered around the possibility that Mr. Brown would choose his wife and close adviser, Anne Gust Brown, to replace Kamala Harris, the attorney general who was just elected to the United States Senate.) Mr. Brown likes to surprise. And after the drubbing Democrats took in Washington this year  —   and the defeat of Hillary Clinton, who Mr. Becerra campaigned for so intensely that he even entertained the idea she might pick him as his running mate  —   it’s hardly a shock that Mr. Becerra is eager to return to California. “Most insiders believed he wanted to move back to California, so all in all it was a pretty elegant political play,” said Peter Ragone, a political consultant in San Francisco who is advising Gavin Newsom, the lieutenant governor who is running for governor in 2018. But the appointment shakes up a Democratic political world that had already been girding for fundamental changes as its three most senior elected officials, all of whom are over 70  —   Mr. Brown, Senator Barbara Boxer and Senator Dianne Feinstein  —   prepare to exit from the scene. Mr. Becerra joins a very crowded list of Democrats angling for some of those jobs. And now he has the advantage of a perch, the office of attorney general, that historically has afforded its occupant a lot of exposure. Mr. Becerra, 58, will now be one of the   Latino officials in the state at a time when California is gearing up for clashes with   Donald J. Trump on immigration. He could run for attorney general again and make a career out of that. But he now has a platform that will allow him to run for governor, or for that matter senator. But not too soon. “I don’t think it’s viable to get appointed and then quit immediately to run for something else, but he will run for something else down the road,” Mr. Ragone said. • Joe McKnight, 28, who was a standout football player at U. S. C. was fatally shot in Louisiana in a possible episode of road rage. [The New York Times] • Los Angeles police officers were legally justified in shooting a homeless man last year on skid row, prosecutors said. [Los Angeles Times] • California faces a looming teacher shortage, and the problem is getting worse. [Los Angeles Times] • The tax man cometh: Officials look to get a hand into the emerging marijuana economy. [The Associated Press] • The U. F. C. ’s Conor McGregor is developing a reputation as someone who can do anything. But can he box? [The New York Times] • A reprieve for  : A Malibu woman said she would not act on a   permit giving her the right to kill the mountain lion. [The Associated Press] • SpaceX hopes to resume rocket launches soon, after a fiery explosion grounded its missions. [The New York Times] • The remains of an ancient elephant were found during construction on a new subway corridor in Los Angeles. [Los Angeles Times] • Honorees are crying foul as Hollywood Walk of Fame stars fall into disrepair. [Hollywood Reporter] • Most Muslim characters are on television shows that rely on terrorism as a story line. Can that change? [The New York Times] • Emma Watson and Miles Teller were set to be the leads in the critically acclaimed “La La Land. ” Then they weren’t. [The New York Times] • Book Review: “Let There Be Laughter” by Michael Krasny, the San Francisco radio host, is a celebration of Jewish humor. [The New York Times] See a pothole in San Diego? There’s an app for that. Over the summer, the city introduced “Get it Done San Diego,” an app and companion website that allows residents to report problems along the streets and sidewalks using their smartphones. After six months of operation, we checked in with city officials to see how it’s going. Almis Udrys, San Diego’s director of performance and analytics, said the app had been downloaded roughly 9, 500 times and was used to send more than 38, 500 reports to the city. About half of those reports have been resolved, either fixed or determined to be a nonissue, he said. The rest were referred to other agencies, like a utility company, or remain open. The most common complaint? Graffiti, followed by potholes and broken streetlights. According to Mr. Udrys, the fix time has averaged around 10 days, but longer in the case of a big repair like a bent traffic light pole. There are still kinks to work out. Some app users have expressed frustration after reporting problems that fall under the responsibility of other agencies  —   for example, a bridge managed by Caltrans. The city refers those reports to the agencies, but whether they get addressed is anyone’s guess, some users said. What’s more, for residents uninterested in downloading yet another app, San Diego does not offer the convenient 311 phone reporting system used in other cities like San Francisco and Los Angeles. Mr. Udrys said San Diego hoped to introduce one in the “next few years. ” Reviews of the “Get it Done” app in the iPhone store and Android website, as well as in a recent discussion on Reddit, the online forum, have been generally positive. Karl Decker, 38, said he used the app to report a curb that needed a fresh coat of red paint outside his house. Workers took care of it in less than a week. “I was just really, really impressed,” he said. California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes. com. The California Today columnist, Mike McPhate, is a   Californian  —   born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano. He lives in Davis. Follow him on Twitter. California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley.",0
2023,Taking a Page from Joe McCarthy,"Taking a Page from Joe McCarthy November 1, 2016 
Exclusive: Hillary Clinton and her supporters have turned to ugly McCarthyism in attacking Donald Trump to divert attention from their email scandals, a dangerous use of Russia-bashing, says Robert Parry. 
By Robert Parry 
One trick of the original McCarthyism from the Old Cold War was to take some innocuous or accurate comment from a leader in Moscow — saying something like “poverty is a cruel side of capitalism” or “racism persists in the U.S.”— and to claim that some American reformer who says much the same thing must be a Kremlin tool. 
Now, in the New Cold War, we are seeing a similar trend in the way some Democrats and the mainstream U.S. media are citing accurate assessments from Russian President Vladimir Putin and claiming that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is somehow in league with Putin for observing the same realities. Russian President Vladimir Putin, following his address to the UN General Assembly on Sept. 28, 2015. (UN Photo) 
A case in point is Tuesday’s editorial in The Washington Post, entitled “The Putin-Trump worldview” (in print) and “Trump and Putin share a frightening worldview” (online). The editorial quotes Putin as “observing that Mr. Trump ‘represents the interests of the sizable part of American society that is tired of the elites that have been in power for decades now … and does not like to see power handed down by inheritance.’” 
The Post’s editorial writers then snidely note that “Mr. Putin and Mr. Trump have an uncanny way of echoing each other’s words.” 
But that is a classic example of McCarthyistic sophistry. Just because some demonized figure like Putin says something that is undeniably true and an American sees the same facts doesn’t make that American a “Putin puppet” or a “Moscow stooge” or any of the other ugly names now being hurled at people who won’t join in today’s trendy Russia bashing and guilt by association. 
Putin is not wrong that many of Trump’s supporters – along with many Americans who backed Sen. Bernie Sanders – are “tired of the elites” that have behaved arrogantly and stupidly for decades. Many Americans also don’t believe that a family’s name should decide who becomes the leader of the United States, whether that be the Bushes or the Clintons. 
Indeed, what Putin is saying amounts to almost a truism, yet here is The Washington Post not only suggesting that because Putin is saying something that it must be false but then smearing Trump (or anyone else) who detects the same reality. 
Double Standards 
The same Post editorial also goes to great lengths to reject any comparisons between the Russian and Syrian government airstrikes on the Syrian neighborhoods of east Aleppo — to root out Al Qaeda-connected jihadists and their supposedly “moderate” rebel allies — and U.S. and Iraqi government airstrikes on the Iraqi city of Mosul under the control of Al Qaeda’s spinoff group, the Islamic State. U.S.-backed Syrian “moderate” rebels smile as they prepare to behead a 12-year-old boy (left), whose severed head is held aloft triumphantly in a later part of the video. [Screenshot from the YouTube video] Insisting that the two similar operations are nothing alike, the Post’s editors white-out the central role of Al Qaeda in commanding the rebel forces in east Aleppo. While ignoring Al Qaeda’s dominance of those neighborhoods and its terror rocket attacks on civilian areas of west Aleppo, the Post only says, “the rebel forces in Aleppo include Western-backed secular groups who seek only to overturn the blood-drenched Assad regime.”
Note the Post’s characterization that rebel forces “include Western-backed secular groups” rather than an honest admission that those supposedly “secular groups” have served mostly as cut-outs in diverting sophisticated U.S. military weapons, such as TOW missiles, to the jihadist cause, a reality recognized by U.S. military advisers on the ground. [See Consortiumnews.com’s “ How the US Armed-up Syrian Jihadists. “] 
Many of these supposedly “secular groups” have openly allied themselves with Al Qaeda’s recently rebranded Nusra Front (now called the Syria Conquest Front). This so-called “marbling” of the “moderates” in with the jihadists was one of the sticking points in the failed limited cease-fire in which the Post’s beloved “secular groups” rebuffed Secretary of State John Kerry’s plea that they separate themselves from Al Qaeda. 
An intellectually honest newspaper would have at least admitted some of these inconvenient truths, but that is not the modern-day Washington Post with its own “blood-drenched” editors who played a crucial role in rallying support behind President George W. Bush’s 2003 invasion of Iraq under false pretenses. 
The Post and its editors have on their hands the blood of hundreds of thousands of Iraqis who died as a result of that illegal aggressive war, but those editors have not suffered a whit for their participation in war crimes. Instead, exactly the same senior editorial-page editors – Fred Hiatt and Jackson Diehl – are still there, touted on the newspaper’s masthead, still misleading the Post’s readers. 
By contrast, The Wall Street Journal (of all places) did some serious reporting on the key question of “moderate” rebels allied with Al Qaeda. The Journal reported on Sept. 29: “Some of Syria’s largest rebel factions are doubling down on their alliance with an al Qaeda-linked group, despite a U.S. warning to split from the extremists or risk being targeted in airstrikes. The rebel gambit is complicating American counterterrorism efforts in the country at a time the U.S. is contemplating cooperation with Russia to fight extremist groups.” 
If even Rupert Murdoch’s Wall Street Journal can acknowledge this important context, why can’t The Washington Post? 
Dangerous Terrain 
But the whipping up of a New Cold War with Russia and the demonizing of Vladimir Putin extend beyond The Washington Post to virtually the entire U.S. political/media establishment which has plunged into this dangerous terrain without any more serious thought and analysis than preceded the Iraq invasion, except now the target for “regime change” is nuclear-armed Russia and this adventurism risks the extermination of life on the planet. Lawyer Roy Cohn (right) with Sen. Joseph McCarthy. 
Despite these grave dangers, the Democrats and the Clinton campaign have settled on a strategy of exploiting the New McCarthyism of the New Cold War to discredit Trump through “guilt by association” to Putin even though the two men have apparently never met. 
Mostly this New McCarthyism has been used to divert attention from developments threatening to Hillary Clinton’s electoral chances, such as the release of embarrassing emails among Democratic insiders hacked from the personal account of Clinton adviser John Podesta and, since last Friday, the statement by FBI Director James Comey that he has reopened the investigation into Clinton’s use of an unsecured email server because of emails found on a computer in the home of Clinton aide Huma Abedin and her estranged husband, Anthony Weiner. 
In the first instance, the Clinton campaign sought to redirect attention from the content of the emails, including the text of speeches that Clinton gave to Goldman Sachs and other financial interests, to the assessment of U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia was probably behind the hack. 
‘A Witch Hunt’ 
In the Comey situation, Sen. Harry Reid, D-Nevada, has sought to counter Comey’s stunning announcement last Friday by calling on the FBI director to also disclose whatever the FBI may have discovered about links between Trump’s aides and the Kremlin. 
The New York Times reported on Tuesday that Democrats have raised suspicions about Carter Page, an early-on Trump adviser and former Merrill Lynch banker who gave a speech last summer criticizing the United States and other Western nations for a “hypocritical focus on ideas such as democratization, inequality, corruption and regime change” in Russia and other parts of the old Soviet Union. 
Page termed Reid’s efforts to transform a political disagreement into a criminal case “a witch hunt,” a phrase familiar from Sen. Joe McCarthy’s Red-scare investigations of the late 1940s and early 1950s into the loyalty of Americans. 
Another Trump adviser caught up in the Democrats’ attempts to smear the Trump campaign over alleged ties to Moscow is Roger Stone. The Times reported that Democrats have accused Stone “of being a conduit between the Russian hackers and WikiLeaks,” which published Podesta’s hacked emails, because Stone has said he had contacts with WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange and seemed to anticipate the damaging disclosures, though Stone has denied any prior knowledge. 
An irony from this case of “trading places” – with the Democrats now darkly suggesting Republican ties to Moscow rather than the opposite during the McCarthy era – is that Roger Stone was a longtime associate of the late Roy Cohn, who was the controversial counsel on Sen. McCarthy’s Red-hunting investigations. 
Stone derided the Democratic attempts to discredit Trump and himself with claims of ties to Moscow as “the new McCarthyism.” 
Despite the irony, Stone is not wrong in his assessment. Rarely in American politics since the dark days of Joe McCarthy have so many unsubstantiated accusations of disloyalty been directed at any major political figure as the Democrats have done to Donald Trump. 
In the third debate, Clinton even accused Trump of being a Putin “puppet.” If such a remark were made by Joe McCarthy or his Red-baiting ally Richard Nixon, there would have been understandable outrage. But Clinton’s ugly charge passed without controversy. 
Though there are plenty of legitimate reasons to oppose the eminently unqualified Donald Trump for President, Hillary Clinton and the Democrats risk setting in motion dangerous international forces with their promiscuous Russia-bashing. Recognizing the terrifying potential of nuclear war, a more responsible course would be to tone down the rhetoric and address the legitimate questions raised by the email issues. 
Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America’s Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com ).",0
2024,"Ralph Branca, Who Gave Up ‘Shot Heard Round the World,’ Dies at 90 - The New York Times","Ralph Branca, the pitcher who had three consecutive   seasons for the Brooklyn Dodgers but who was never allowed to forget one pitch that crushed them, died early Wednesday in Rye Brook, N. Y. He was 90. Branca’s unforgivable offense (at least to Dodger fans) came on the afternoon of Oct. 3, 1951, when, in a final game with the New York Giants to determine the National League championship, he served up Bobby Thomson’s electrifying (at least to Giants fans)   home run  —   the “Shot Heard Round the World”  —   probably the most memorable in baseball history. The Dodgers had been in first place by 13½ games in   but the Giants had come back to tie for first on the season’s final weekend. “A guy commits murder and he gets pardoned after 20 years,” Branca once said at an  ’ game. “I didn’t get pardoned. ” His daughter Patti Barnes said he was pronounced dead shortly after midnight at a rehabilitation center near his home. In baseball lore the Thomson homer has been preserved in amber. It sits alongside Lou Gehrig’s farewell at Yankee Stadium, Don Larsen’s perfect game in a World Series and “the Catch,” Willie Mays’s spectacular      snare of a Series blast at the same Polo Grounds, three years after Thomson’s “shot. ” It was also immortalized in American literature by Don DeLillo, who opened his 1997 novel, “Underworld,” with an extended, lyrical   of that Wednesday at Coogan’s Bluff, complete with echoes of the radio announcer Russ Hodges’s disbelieving call as the ball headed for the fence and sailed over the Dodgers’ left fielder, Andy Pafko, culminating, as pandemonium erupted, with the joyous, repeated declaration, “The Giants win the pennant!” “Pafko at the wall,” DeLillo wrote. “Then he’s looking up. People thinking where’s the ball. The scant delay, the stay in time that lasts a hairsbreadth. And Cotter standing in section 35 watching the ball come in his direction. He feels his body turn to smoke. He loses sight of the ball when it climbs above the overhang and he thinks it will land in the upper deck. But before he can smile or shout or bash his neighbor on the arm. Before the moment can overwhelm him, the ball appears again, stitches visibly spinning, that’s how near it hits, banging at an angle off a   flashing everywhere. “Russ feels the crowd around him, a shudder passing through the stands, and then he is shouting into the mike and there is a surge of color and motion, a crash that occurs upward,   hands and faces and shirts, bands of rippling men, and he is outright shouting, his voice has a power he’d thought long gone  —   it may lift the top of his head like a cartoon rocket. “He says, ‘The Giants win the pennant.’ ” As for the unlucky pitcher, DeLillo wrote: “Branca turns and picks up the rosin bag and throws it down, heading toward the clubhouse now, his shoulders aligned at a slant  —   he begins the long dead trudge. Paper falling everywhere. ” Branca, a strapping   who had won 13 games in the regular season, had started and lost the opener of a     playoff series, yielding home runs by Thomson and Monte Irvin in the Giants’   victory at Ebbets Field. But the Dodgers won the next day at the Giants’ home turf, the Polo Grounds in Upper Manhattan, setting the scene for the climactic game. The Dodgers took a   lead into the bottom of the ninth inning behind the starting pitcher, Don Newcombe, who was still on the mound. Then the Giants struck, scoring a run and putting men on second and third with only one out. Thomson, who had hit 31 home runs that season, was coming to bat. Dodgers Manager Charlie Dressen phoned his bullpen, where a coach, Clyde Sukeforth, was watching Branca and another of the team’s leading pitchers, Carl Erskine, warm up. Dressen asked who was ready. Erskine had just bounced a curveball, Sukeforth told the manager. Dressen summoned Branca. Branca threw a fastball, and Thomson took a strike. Branca then delivered a second fastball, this one high and perhaps a bit inside. The ball flew off Thomson’s bat on a line toward the    green wall in left field. “Sink, sink, sink,” Branca told himself. Hodges, the Giants’ announcer, made the call: “There’s a long drive   …     it’s gonna be   …     I believe  —   the Giants win the pennant! The Giants win the pennant! The Giants win the pennant! The Giants win the pennant!” Thomson had delivered a   homer to give the Giants a   victory, capping a pennant drive known as “the Miracle of Coogan’s Bluff” and sending them into the World Series against the Yankees. (In that Series, the Yankees doused the Giants’ hopes for a title in six games.) After the loss, Branca sat on the wooden stairs of the clubhouse, a   affair, his head bowed, his shoulders hunched. In the Polo Grounds parking lot, his fiancée, Ann Mulvey, the daughter of James and Dearie Mulvey, part owners of the Dodgers, had been waiting for him. She was accompanied by her cousin, the Rev. Pat Rowley, a Jesuit priest. When Branca emerged, he asked Father Rowley, “Why me?” The priest told him, “Ralph, God chose you because he knew you’d be strong enough to bear this cross. ” Branca bore that burden without complaint even after learning a few years later that Giants players had been tipped to forthcoming pitches for much of the 1951 season through a scheme in which the Giants used a telescope in the Polo Grounds’   clubhouse to pick up opposing catchers’ signals. Details of the   were publicly revealed by Joshua Prager in The Wall Street Journal in 2001 and in his book “The Echoing Green” in 2006. Thomson, who died at age 86 in August 2010, always maintained he was not tipped that Branca would be throwing a fastball on what became that fateful home run pitch. But Branca was convinced otherwise. “When you took signs all year, and when you had a chance to hit a bloop or hit a home run, would you ignore that sign?” Branca said in an interview weeks before Thomson’s death. “He knew it was coming. Absolutely. ” Ralph Theodore Joseph Branca was born on Jan. 6, 1926, in Mount Vernon, N. Y. the 15th of 17 children of John Branca, a   conductor, and his wife, Katherine. After pitching for New York University as a freshman in spring 1944, he made his debut for the Dodgers in June. At 6 feet 3 inches and 220 pounds, with an outstanding fastball, Branca flourished in 1947 when he went  . He was   and   the following seasons, making the National League   team all three years. After a losing season in 1950, he rebounded to go    —   until that playoff series with the Giants. Branca encountered more misfortune at the Dodgers’ spring training camp in 1952. A chair he was sitting on tipped over on a newly waxed floor and he fell backward onto a   bottle. His back was thrown out of alignment, tilting his pelvis and affecting his leg motion. He never regained his form, winning only 12 more games with the Dodgers, the Detroit Tigers, the Yankees and the Dodgers again, finishing his career in 1956 with an   record. Branca rejected speculation that the Thomson homer had affected his psyche. “They were saying that Bobby’s home run was such a trauma that I couldn’t go on,” he told Sports Illustrated 40 years later. “That’s ridiculous. If you play sports, you expect to lose some. If I hadn’t been hurt, that home run wouldn’t have affected me at all. ” After retiring from baseball, Branca became an insurance salesman and served as president of the Baseball Assistance Team, which provides financial aid to needy baseball figures. Branca and his 16 brothers and sisters were raised Roman Catholic. But in 2011, Prager, the author of the book on Thomson’s home run, told Branca that genealogical research had determined that his mother, who arrived in America from Hungary at age 16, was born Jewish, that her birth name was Kati Berger, and that two of her siblings had died in concentration camps. According to traditional Jewish law, Branca and his siblings were Jewish. “Maybe that’s why God’s mad at me  —   that I didn’t practice my mother’s religion,” Prager quoted Branca as saying with a smile that perhaps betrayed newfound reflection on his baseball fate. “He made me throw that home run pitch. He made me get injured the next year. ” Before entering the nursing home, Branca lived at the Westchester Country Club in Rye, N. Y. Besides his daughter Patti, he is survived by his wife, Ann another daughter, Mary Ellen Valentine and three grandsons. Ms. Valentine is married to Bobby Valentine, the former major league player and manager who became a broadcaster and is now the athletic director at Sacred Heart University in Fairfield, Conn. Of his 16 siblings, Branca was the last surviving one. Through the years, Branca appeared with Thomson at  ’ games, baseball dinners and cruises. They turned over a portion of their earnings from joint appearances to charity and became friends. And Branca grew resigned to being known solely as a classic goat of baseball history. “Nobody remembers that at 21, I won 21 games,” he once said. “Nobody remembers that at 25, I had 75 wins. All they remember is the homer. ”",0
2025,What Would Happen if the U.S. was Nuked?,"Ever wonder what would happen if the U.S. was nuked? While there are numerous factors to take into consideration in the event of a nuclear war on U.S. soil, we’ve done our best to answer some of the most commonly asked questions, in the simplest and most understandable of terms.
Which Areas Would be Hit, and How Far Would the Fallout Reach? On the topic of which regions of the U.S. would be hit; part of it is left up to guess work, as we are unable to fully predict the aggressing nation’s tactics, but then much of it is also based on logic. For example, any nation that strikes the U.S. will want to disable their nukes, so we can easily surmise that areas such as North Dakota would be obliterated.
Active nuclear energy plants would also make good targets, as the added nuclear energy from the reactors would maximize destruction. And then of course, there are the major government facilities that would be targeted, at least, those that are known of – unfortunately, it’s safe to assume an aggressing nation’s intelligence would have a better idea of the U.S. government’s “soft spots” than the average American citizen.
Before we get too far ahead of ourselves, however, let’s go with what we know; what kind of targets would the U.S. go for? In the case of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, numerous military personnel, politicians, and now historians claim that the first bomb was dropped to prove it could be done, and the second bomb was dropped to display the United States’ strength to Joseph Stalin in the Soviet Union, who was originally aligned with the U.S. and Britain during WWII, but who the U.S. knew would become a problem once the war was over, (Foner, 2014, p. 887-949).
While we are aware there are numerous citizens who, to this day, refuse to believe any other version of events than the original government narrative, the point is, we can’t use the cases of Hiroshima and Nagasaki as an accurate indicator of the type of targets the U.S. would choose. Fortunately though, we do have a detailed list of targets the U.S. created in 1956 – in the event of war with the Soviet Union – that was released through the National Archives and Records Administration . The list includes major cities for “ systematic destruction ,” including areas that contain “ Agricultural Equipment ” and “ Transformers, Heavy .” Most horridly though, was a target simply titled “ Population .”
Yep. The almighty, all wise, glorious, wholesome and righteous, baseball-loving, apple pie-eating, land of the free, and home of the brave, planned to target large populations of innocent civilians, and it’s with that in mind we can surmise that largely populated areas would be potential targets here in the States, as well.
Provided below are two maps created by FEMA, the first of which is from 1990, and shows the presumed targets the Soviets would have hit in the event of a nuclear attack. “Fallout,” according to the University of Notre Dame , is described as the mixture of earth and/or water that has entered the rising fireball caused from the detonation of a nuclear bomb near the Earth’s surface. This mixes with the radioactive debris of the explosion at an early stage, and is then blown into the troposphere and lower stratosphere, creating fallout. The most lethal fallout is indicated by the darkest coloration, while the lesser lethal fallout is indicated with yellow:
Source: FEMA
In this map, FEMA shows a sample fallout pattern we could expect in a nuclear attack:
Source: FEMA
How Long Would the Fallout Last? After being blown into the troposphere and lower stratosphere, “ the material is then re-distributed over polar (3-12 months) or equatorial regions (8-24 months). Fall-out removal times (defined in terms of half-life) ranges from 10 to 24 months depending upon seasonal conditions, most rapid during spring, slow in summer ,” again, this is according to the University of Notre Dame, (source above).
Where Would Government Officials and the “Elite” Go in the Event of a Nuclear Attack?",0
2027,"China, Fanning Patriotism, Adds 6 Years to War with Japan in History Books - The New York Times","BEIJING  —   For generations, the “  War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression” has been ingrained in the minds of Chinese schoolchildren. Revolutionary hymns evoked the bloody years, from 1937 to 1945, of what is known outside China as the Second   War. Chinese documentaries denounced Japan’s “eight years of belligerence. ” Now the war is getting a new name, and an extended time frame. In a move aimed at stirring up nationalism and support for the ruling Communist Party, President Xi Jinping’s government has ordered educators to rewrite textbooks to describe the conflict as the “  War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression,” lasting from 1931 to 1945, the authorities said in a statement on Wednesday. Under the decision, the Second   War will be described as having started in the fall of 1931, when the Imperial Japanese Army invaded Manchuria. Previously, the war’s beginning had been traced to the Marco Polo Bridge incident, a skirmish in 1937 between Japanese forces and Chinese troops along a rail line southwest of Beijing that represented the beginning of   conflict. The Chinese Ministry of Education said the decision to add six years to the war sought to promote patriotic education and to highlight the Communist Party’s “core role” in resisting Japanese fascism in the prelude to World War II. It also seemed intended to rally support for the party among young people as Mr. Xi vigorously promotes Communist history and thought in schools. Zhang Lifan, a historian in Beijing, said the decision to revise the length of the war was justified from a historical perspective. But he said it would also have political benefits for the party and would encourage   sentiment. “Chinese leaders still have a Cold War mentality,” he said. “They’ve tried to conjure up imaginary enemies in the world. ” Mr. Xi has worked in recent years to enhance the image of the Communists and their achievements in World War II, even though many historians believe it was the Chinese Nationalists, not the Communists, who did most of the fighting. The party had not previously emphasized the fight against the Japanese from 1931 to 1937, when Communist forces were in disarray as they fought a civil war with the Nationalists. During that time, the Nationalists led efforts to resist the Japanese and negotiate truces. It was not until 1937 that the Communists joined forces with the Nationalists to fight an increasingly belligerent Imperial Japanese Army. Kerry Brown, a professor of Chinese politics at King’s College London, called the textbook revision a “tidying up of history. ” He said the revised account exaggerated the Communists’ accomplishments. “It demonstrates this continuing keenness by the party now to seek sources of legitimacy wherever it can,” he said, “and reveals more insecurity than real strength. ” The change will probably ruffle feathers in Japan, China’s longtime rival, as the countries jockey for influence in Asia and struggle to overcome the legacy of World War II, more than 70 years after the global conflict ended. Yasuhisa Kawamura, press secretary for the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said on Thursday that it was not up to the Chinese government to decide the length of the war. “It is important that Japan and China should demonstrate they do not focus excessively on the unfortunate past,” he added. Mr. Xi has accused Japan of distorting history, and the Chinese state news media has criticized Tokyo’s efforts to revise textbooks, saying it has played down atrocities by Japanese soldiers. When Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan visited Pearl Harbor last month, Chinese internet users brimmed with outrage, saying Mr. Abe had not done enough to apologize to China for Japan’s actions during the war. In Beijing, many people applauded the government’s decision to revise the textbooks, which are filled with references to wars against “aggression” by foreign forces. The Korean War, for example, is known as the war to resist United States aggression and aid Korea. “The Japanese have also altered their textbooks, why can’t we?” said Wang Yalin, 30, a musician. Still, he said, the change would most likely fuel   sentiment in China. Zhao Feng, 38, a tailor, acknowledged that the relationship between the countries had deteriorated. But he said it was important to note the earlier date of Japan’s invasion of China. “The occupation started much earlier,” he said. On social media, some people were more skeptical of the government’s motives for making the change. “Don’t use history education for political ends,” one person wrote on Weibo, China’s equivalent of Twitter. “The most important thing is to learn the truth. ”",0
2028,"U.S. Presidential Race, Syria, William Bratton: Your Friday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. The presidential race headed into its seventh to last weekend. Donald Trump declared that President Obama had been “born in the United States, period,” ostensibly putting to rest a controversy he fostered for years. But he did so in the context of falsely blaming Hillary Clinton’s 2008 campaign for having “started the birther controversy” and claiming credit himself for having “ended it. ” On the equally false pretext that Mrs. Clinton wants to “destroy your Second Amendment,” Mr. Trump said her Secret Service detail should disarm. “Let’s see what happens to her,” he said, raising the possibility of violence against her for a second time in the race. _____ 2. Michelle Obama campaigned for Mrs. Clinton in Virginia, bringing the force of her own popularity to bear on a suddenly shakier bid. Some of Mrs. Clinton’s supporters, dismayed by polls showing a tightened race  —   and some showing Mr. Trump ahead  —   are racked by doubt, fearing that problems like her email troubles and delay in revealing pneumonia could cost her the election. And after a week focused on the candidates’ health, our   podcast looks at the history of such concerns, with a special appearance by Lawrence Altman, a doctor and former Times reporter who was the first to interview presidential hopefuls about their medical profiles. _____ 3. The partial   in Syria that began on Monday night showed signs of fraying. Government forces and opposition fighters blamed each other for reported episodes of sniper fire, bombardments and clashes. About three dozen U. S. Special Operations troops arrived in northern Syria on an “advise and assist” mission. They “are accompanying Turkish and vetted Syrian opposition forces as they continue to clear territory,” a Pentagon spokesman said in an email. _____ 4. Edward Snowden said his disclosures of widespread domestic surveillance in the U. S. had improved privacy for individuals. Speaking via an internet connection from exile in Russia, he told a gathering in Athens, “Being patriotic doesn’t mean agreeing with your government. ” He also said he was grateful that human rights and civil liberties groups are calling on President Obama to pardon him. Oliver Stone’s biopic, “Snowden,” is in theaters now. _____ 5. What can explain the giant Wells Fargo fraud? More than 5, 000 employees and managers have been fired and the bank is under federal investigation for millions of unauthorized accounts opened in the names of their customers, a practice that prompted internal warnings when it first came to light several years ago. Several of those fired blamed desperation to meet the aggressive sales goals the company set. Our Wall Street columnist sees the illegal and unethical behavior as “a symptom of the wider cultural cancer that has pervaded Wall Street for decades. ” _____ 6. Looking ahead: The Emmy Awards are Sunday night. Are you behind on the top nominees? Our TV experts can help you catch up fast. For instance, if you can watch only one episode of “The People v. O. J. ,” make it “Manna From Heaven,” when the defense team discovers audiotapes of an L. A. detective’s hate speech. On the comedy side, you can see what’s great about “Veep” in the episode “Kissing Your Sister,” a season highlight that pretends to be a    documentary made by the show’s first daughter. _____ 7. Be forewarned: Wildlife photographers and conservationists are posting clickbaity animal shots loaded with sometimes disturbing information about the dangers marine mammals face from climate change. In one of the gentler posts, the photographer who put this beluga whale on Instagram noted that the species had “recently been categorized as ‘near threatened,’ due to aggressive hunting by humans and exposure to harmful anthropogenic pollutants over the past several years. ” _____ 8. William  Bratton, one of the most influential figures in American policing for more than 40 years, took leave of the New York Police Department. “It’s got to be kind of bittersweet for him to be leaving the profession that he loved and the profession he made such a huge difference in across the country and in all those agencies,” a former aide said. As part of his farewell, he wrote an   essay that sees his decades of reform efforts taking shape on the streets. _____ 9. Finally, one of our most popular stories today is an essay by a bioethicist specializing in reproduction and sexual health, but it’s about not being pregnant  —   while looking as if you are. The situation tends to underscore how invasive people can be regarding women’s bodies. She relates how a stranger publicly shamed her into taking his seat on the bus to protect her “unborn baby” from bumps, and how he ”put both hands on my belly and rubbed it as we switched places. ” Her advice: Stop at “How are you feeling?” Have a great weekend. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
2029,"Путин высказал все, что он думает о Трампе","0 комментариев 7 поделились 
""Это полный бред и полная чушь, это просто способ внутриполитической борьбы, способ манипулирования общественным мнением накануне президентских выборов в самих Соединенных Штатах"", - сказал Путин. 
По мнению российского лидера, образ предпочтительности Трампа для России создан СМИ не случайно. ""Я вообще редко вижу, когда что-то случайно создается ведущими СМИ, - сказал Путин. - Эта сама идея вброшена в общественное сознание в ходе президентской кампании США, на мой взгляд, только с одной целью - с целью борьбы тех, кто защищает кандидата Демократической партии госпожу Клинтон в борьбе с представителем Республиканской партии, в данном случае, в борьбе с господином Трампом"". 
Глава государства напомнил слушателям о том, как работает эта схема. Сначала создается образ врага, которым назначается Россия, а потом Трамп объявляется ""российским фаворитом"". При этом, на самом деле, никто не может сказать, как в дальнейшем поведет себя кандидат, став президентом. Какие свои обещания он выполнит, а про какие просто забудет. 
""Поэтому, по большому счету, это для нас более менее безразлично, - сказал президент. - Но, конечно, мы не можем не приветствовать слова, мысли, намерения, в которых публично говорится о нормализации отношений между США и Россией"". 
Подобного рода риторика приветствуется вне зависимости от того, от какой из сторон она исходит, подчеркнул Владимир Путин. 
""Экстравагантность Трампа"", по мнению президента России, это хорошо продуманный политический шаг. ""Что касается самого господина Трампа - он выбрал свой способ достучаться до сердец избирателей, - сказал президент. - Он, конечно, ведет себя экстравагантно, мы все это видим, но, я думаю, что не так уж это все бессмысленно"". 
Республиканец Трамп, считает Владимир Путин, сегодня представляет интересы значительной части американского общества, которое устало о тех самых элит, которые десятилетиями находятся у власти. 
""Он просто представляет интересы таких вот простых людей и сам изображает из себя такого простого парня, который критикует тех, кто десятилетиями находится у власти, тех, кому не нравится передача власти по наследству"", - пояснил свою точку зрения глава государства. 
Президент добавил, что насколько такая стратегия эффективна, покажут выборы в ближайшее время. При этом он в очередной раз повторил, что российские власти будут работать с любым президентом, которого выберет американский народ и который захочет сотрудничать с Россией. 
Вмешательство в избирательную систему одной страны другим государством, в том числе, с помощью кибератак, недопустимо, сказал российский лидер, отвечая на вопрос о кибератаках, направленных на избирательные системы за рубежом. 
""Вмешательство во внутриполитические процессы одной страны в другой недопустимы вне зависимости от того, каким способом такие попытки могут предприниматься - с помощью кибератак, либо с помощью каких-то других инструментов, подконтрольных организаций внутри той или другой страны"", уверен президент России. 
Напомним, сегодня глава государства принимает участие в итоговой пленарной сессии XIII ежегодного заседания Международного дискуссионного клуба ""Валдай"". Тема заседания в этом году - ""Будущее начинается сегодня: контуры завтрашнего мира"". 
Читайте последние новости Pravda. Ru на сегодня",0
2030,"Fake Websites, Fake Polls, Fake News, Fake Leaks: The Desperate Maneuvers Of The Losing Clinton Campaign","in: Mainstream Media , Politics , Propaganda , Sleuth Journal Yes, Virginia, there really IS a poll fairy skewing the polls in favor of Hillary Clinton. Yesterday, I wrote about a brand new leak that had come my way. I read through the first 5 pages, confirmed that the two entities in the document were genuine and were really in cahoots, and quickly got out the information that the polls we are seeing with Clinton in the lead are fake. But, in full disclosure, I made a mistake. I really should have read the last 3 pages, because if I had, I wouldn’t have published the document as a legitimate leak. It was full of outrageous Hollywood sci-fi “salvage options” for the campaign that included magnetized mind control and a fake alien invasion. It’s interesting to note that all of those options actually do exist – DARPA experiments on things like that , and things even creepier . However, it seems far-fetched that the Clinton campaign would/could go that far, and even more so that a business that does polls and analyzes them would have experimented with the tactics. So, I removed the post. There are enough lies and rumors going around the internet without me adding to them. That isn’t the end of the story, though, because part of that document was legit. I began to do further research and discovered that the gist of the fake document was accurate. The polls in the MSM that show Hillary in the lead are being faked, and they’re being bought and paid for. We’re all being manipulated by the collusion of Hillary Clinton, the DNC, and the media. Their attempts at predictive programming through fake polls is so blatant that even the most oblivious people have noticed that something seems awry. It has long been a successful method of propaganda to leave in just enough truth to make the lie seem viable. In Mein Kampf , Adolf Hitler wrote (emphasis mine): All this was inspired by the principle—which is quite true within itself—t hat in the big lie there is always a certain force of credibility ; because the broad masses of a nation are always more easily corrupted in the deeper strata of their emotional nature than consciously or voluntarily; and thus in the primitive simplicity of their minds they more readily fall victims to the big lie than the small lie, since they themselves often tell small lies in little matters but would be ashamed to resort to large-scale falsehoods. It would never come into their heads to fabricate colossal untruths, and they would not believe that others could have the impudence to distort the truth so infamously . Even though the facts which prove this to be so may be brought clearly to their minds, they will still doubt and waver and will continue to think that there may be some other explanation. For the grossly impudent lie always leaves traces behind it, even after it has been nailed down, a fact which is known to all expert liars in this world and to all who conspire together in the art of lying . First of all, I found a copy of the disbursements from a Clinton-aligned SuperPac called Priorities USA Action on the website Red State Watcher . (click image to enlarge) This shows that the SuperPac paid the princely (or should I say, presidential?) sum of $391,250.00 for polls that were overwhelmingly positive to Clinton. These documents appear to be legitimate. The website Conservative Treehouse did a great analysis and posted links to the FEC(Federal Election Commission) filing PDFs from the SuperPac, as well as screenshots. Here are links to the PDF – pages 92 and 118 show that they did indeed make the payments shown above. But… When I did a reverse image search, I found the same thing on the following sites. And by the same thing, I mean exactly the same. And, these sites with conservative sounding names are all relatively new sites. I checked on Alexa.com to see how long they’d been around. Aside from Red State Watcher, which is definitely legit and has been around for a long time, here’s the rundown on a few of the others. http://usapoliticsnow.com/ – since May 2016 http://incredibleusanews.com/ not long enough for statistics to be available http://truthfeed.com/ – since May 2016 Now, this doesn’t say for certain these sites are fake ones, put up by the opposition, but it does cast some questions on the credibility. These stories are all based on a video alleged to be by Anonymous, but in actuality, the YouTube channel is Anonymous Patriots. Their first video was posted 7 months ago – March 16, 2016. Other sources concur that the polls being broadcast by the mainstream are skewed or outright fake. A professor at SUNY has been saying all along that Donald Trump was strongly in the lead. Back in February, Fortune magazine published an article by Dr. Northrup that showed, based on his analysis, Trump had a 97% chance of winning the election. He still stands by this opinion. Dr. Helmut Norpoth wrote a post for The Hill explaining how these polls published by the MSM are misleading. To start with something basic, opinion polls are really about “opinions,” not actions. At their best, they can tell us how people feel about political issues and personalities. Do voters, for instance, like or dislike candidates such as Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump? Yet having an opinion and acting on it are two different things. Barely 6 in 10 voting-age American citizens turn out for presidential elections. Ascertaining the opinions of 100 citizens is just a start. Now you have to determine which 60 of them actually take the time to mark a ballot. They are the “likely voters.” They are the only ones that count. But to find them is no easy chore. It is ingrained in all of us that voting is civic duty. So nearly all of us say, oh yes, I’ll vote, and then many will not follow through. Dr. Northrup is not alone in his claims that Trump is far, far ahead of Hillary Clinton. The website Govt. Slaves reported on a polling app called Zip back in August. Despite a majority of opinion polls showing the 2016 presidential election going to Democrat Hillary Clinton, a smartphone app developer says his data suggests challenger Donald Trump will be the victor. “Based on the stats we see, he looks strong,” says Ric Militi, co-founder of San Diego-based Crazy Raccoons, maker of the Zip question and answer app. His app poses questions and polls responses based on an average of 100,000 daily users. “I go with Trump, based on what we see.” Breitbart showed evidence of Reuters “ back rigging” the polls in Georgia to indicate a Clinton victory. Speaking exclusively to Breitbart News, political polling pioneer Pat Caddell said the Reuters news service was guilty of an unprecedented act of professional malpractice…”This comes as close as I have ever seen to cooking the results ,” said the legendary pollster and political consultant. “I suppose you can get away with it in polling because there are no laws. But, if this was accounting, they would put them in jail.” … “The looks to me, are far as I can indicate, they have merely decided to go back and revise their numbers in a formula that removes voters or allocates them–I am not sure how they are doing this–proportionately,” he said. Reuters has rejiggered its methods in order to get the results they want, said the man , whose out-of-the-box interpretations of the American electorate were the brain-work behind the insurgent presidential campaigns of Sen. George McGovern (D.-S.D.) in 1972, Georgia Gov. James E. “Jimmy” Carter in 1976, President Carter 1980 and Sen. Gary Hart (D.-Colo.) in 1984 . Millenium Report concurs about the poll-rigging. In view of so much fake poll data that is systematically dumped into the public domain by the MSM, the American people being gradually conditioned to believe that Clinton is really ahead in this race. With each passing week the Clinton numbers increase by 5 or 10% which should put her with 175% of the populace by now. Yes, there contrivance of poll numbers is that ridiculous. 2016 Election Being Rigged By The Hour, Polls Fraudulent, Clinton Popularity Grossly Exaggerated These same fraudulent tactics were utilized during the democratic primary with much success. Bernie Sanders’ loss was the direct result os so much fixing and rigging, manipulating and scheming. That Sanders himself permitted all the fraud is the biggest scandal of all, particularly after he heartily endorsed Comrade Clinton for president. Such a transparent betrayal of his once loyal will most assuredly push many voters over to Trump. But here’s the real conspiracy. I think there is a Clinton-based conspiracy to cast doubt on everything coming out of the opposition, which in turn reinforces everything coming from them. First of all, vet your sources. Here’s how. When you see an article from a source you don’t recognize, go over to Alexa.com and paste in the homepage address. You’ll see a chart that shows you how long the website has been around, and below that will be the global and national ranking of the site. This isn’t conclusive, of course. There are legitimate new websites popping up all the time, but I have to think that some of these more outrageous, allegedly “conservative” websites could be new websites started by those who want Hillary Clinton to be in office. These sites can perpetrate all sorts of wild rumors and fake documents and this has a two-fold effect. Most importantly, these types of stories cast doubt on the real leaks that are out there. What better way to discredit the massive information being provided by Wikileaks than to mix in a bunch of fake leaks? People without critical thinking skills will extrapolate from this: “This leak is fake, so all the leaks must be fake. Holy cow, they’re lying about our Queen Hillary.” Secondly, crazy rumors being spread through conservative and libertarian sources make us all look…well, crazy. If we are dispensing inaccurate information from questionable sources, then everything we say becomes subject to more doubt. The Gateway Pundit shows an actuarial review that determined Trump could possibly be looking at a landslide victory. With all the liberal distortions and dishonesty we decided to have a small team of actuarial and statistics professionals take a look at a couple of the recent polls to get their take on the reliability of these polls. They selected the recent FOX poll from October 14 showing Hillary up by 7 and the WSJ/NBC poll from October 16 showing Hillary with an 11 point lead. The first observation is that both polls are heavily skewed towards Democrats. At a high level, the FOX poll consists of 43 Dems to 36 Reps to 21 Other while the NBC poll shows 44 Dems to 37 Reps to 19 Other. By selecting more Dems the polls are designed to provide a Dem result. Our experts next analyzed the data and calculated results using the same data from the two surveys on a split of 40 Dems, 40 Reps and 20 Other. The results show that using either sets of data Trump comes out ahead with a larger margin of victory using the FOX data. Clearly the polls using data that is heavily weighted towards Democrat voters is incorrectly skewed. … it is difficult to determine what the independent voters will do but many independent voters partook in the primaries to vote for Trump. Therefore it is more likely that Independent voters vote for Trump as well. If more Democratic voters vote for Trump than Republicans vote for Hillary and more Independents vote for Trump than Hillary, both scenarios which are highly likely, then the results of the general election will likely be a Trump landslide . It’s easy to see how this supports the possibility of a stolen election. Remember during the debate when Donald Trump refused to say that he would accept the outcome of the election if it wasn’t in his favor? Not only has Camp Clinton been caught more than once rigging the election, they’re redoubling their efforts in social perception. Here are a few ways they’re doing it: The discrediting of websites who are open about their dislike of Hillary Clinton. The fake polls that assure everyone that Clinton’s victory is guaranteed. The manipulation of public opinion through false reporting in the MSM. Potentially putting up websites with fake conservative names in order to spread misinformation in the hopes that other conservative websites will make the posts go viral, then “disproving” the rumor they started themselves. Coincidentally (or not), I’ve spent hundreds of dollars over the past few weeks because my websites have been hacked. I’d love to know if any other alternative media sites are having these issues. If you have information on this, drop me a quick private message on Facebook. Submit your review",0
2031,"Neanderthals Were People, Too - The New York Times","Joachim Neander was a   Calvinist theologian who often hiked through a valley outside Düsseldorf, Germany, writing hymns. Neander understood everything around him as a manifestation of the Lord’s will and work. There was no room in his worldview for randomness, only purpose and praise. “See how God this rolling   with beauty as a robe,” one of his verses goes. “Forests, fields, and living   its Master’s glory sings. ” He wrote dozens of hymns like this  —     and  . Then he caught tuberculosis and died at 30. Almost two centuries later, in the summer of 1856, workers quarrying limestone in that valley dug up an unusual skull. It was elongated and almost chinless, and the fossilized bones found alongside it were extra thick and fit together oddly. This was three years before Darwin published “The Origin of Species. ” The science of human origins was not a science the assumption was that our ancestors had always looked like us, all the way back to Adam. (Even distinguishing fossils from ordinary rock was beyond the grasp of many scientists. One popular method involved licking them if the material had animal matter in it, it stuck to your tongue.) And so, as anomalous as these German bones seemed, most scholars had no trouble finding satisfying explanations. A leading theory held that this was the skeleton of a lost, bowlegged Cossack with rickets. The peculiar bony ridge over the man’s eyes was a result of the poor Cossack’s perpetually furrowing his brow in pain  —   because of the rickets. One British geologist, William King, suspected something more radical. Instead of being the remains of an atypical human, they might have belonged to a typical member of an alternate humanity. In 1864, he published a paper introducing it as such  —   an extinct human species, the first ever discovered. King named this species after the valley where it was found, which itself had been named for the ecstatic poet who once wandered it. He called it Homo neanderthalensis: Neanderthal Man. Who was Neanderthal Man? King felt obligated to describe him. But with no established techniques for interpreting archaeological material like the skull, he fell back on racism and phrenology. He focused on the peculiarities of the Neanderthal’s skull, including the “enormously projecting brow. ” No living humans had skeletal features remotely like these, but King was under the impression that the skulls of contemporary African and Australian aboriginals resembled the Neanderthals’ more than “ordinary”   skulls. So extrapolating from his low opinion of what he called these “savage” races, he explained that the Neanderthal’s skull alone was proof of its moral “darkness” and stupidity. “The thoughts and desires which once dwelt within it never soared beyond those of a brute,” he wrote. Other scientists piled on. So did the popular press. We knew almost nothing about Neanderthals, but already we assumed they were ogres and losers. The genesis of this idea, the historian Paige Madison notes, largely comes down to flukes of “timing and luck. ” While King was working, another British scientist, George Busk, had the same suspicions about the Neander skull. He had received a comparable one, too, from the tiny British territory of Gibraltar. The Gibraltar skull was dug up long before the Neander Valley specimen surfaced, but local hobbyists simply labeled it “human skull” and forgot about it for the next 16 years. Its brow ridge wasn’t as prominent as the Neander skull’s, and its features were less imposing it was a woman’s skull, it turns out. Busk dashed off a quick report but stopped short of naming the new creature. He hoped to study additional fossils and learn more. Privately, he considered calling it Homo calpicus, or Gibraltar Man. So, what if Busk  —   “a conscientious naturalist too cautious to make premature claims,” as Madison describes him  —   had beaten King to publication? Consider how different our first impressions of a Gibraltar Woman might have been from those of Neanderthal Man: what feelings of sympathy, or even kinship, this other skull might have stirred. There is a worldview, the opposite of Joachim Neander’s, that sees our planet as a product of only tumult and indifference. In such a world, it’s possible for an entire species to be ground into extinction by forces beyond its control and then, 40, 000 years later, be dug up and made to endure an additional century and a half of bad luck and abuse. That’s what happened to the Neanderthals. And it’s what we did to them. But recently, after we’d snickered over their skulls for so long, it stopped being clear who the boneheads were. I’ll start with a confession, an embarrassing but relevant one, because I would come to see our history with Neanderthals as continually distorted by an unfortunate human tendency to believe in ideas that are, in reality, incorrect  —   and then to leverage that conviction into a feeling of superiority over other people. And in retrospect, I realize I demonstrated that same tendency myself at the beginning of this project. Because I don’t want to come off as   or as pointing fingers, here goes: Before traveling to Gibraltar last summer, I had no idea what Gibraltar was. Or rather, I was sure I knew what Gibraltar was, but I was wrong. I thought it was just that famous Rock  —   an unpopulated hunk of   geology, which, if I’m being honest, I recognized mostly from the Prudential logo: that limestone protuberance at the mouth of the Mediterranean, that elephantine white molar jutting into the sky. True, I was traveling to Gibraltar on short notice when I   the director of the Gibraltar Museum, Clive Finlayson, he told me the museum happened to be starting its annual excavation of a Neanderthal cave there the following week and invited me to join. Still, even a couple of days before I left, when a friend told me she faintly remembered spending an afternoon in Gibraltar once as a teenager, I gently mansplained to her that I was pretty sure she was mistaken: Gibraltar, I told her, wasn’t somewhere you could just go. In my mind, I had privileged access. I pictured myself and Finlayson taking a special little boat. In fact, Gibraltar is a peninsula connected to Spain. It’s a lively British overseas territory, with 30, 000 citizens living in a city on its western side  —   a city with bakeries and clothing stores and tourists buying all the usual kitsch. Some unusual kitsch, too  —   like a laminated child’s place mat I spotted that, in a typical tourist destination, might say something unexceptional like SOMEONE WHO LOVES ME WENT TO GIBRALTAR, but here read WE SHALL NEVER SURRENDER! BRITISH FOREVER! The history of Gibraltar, given its strategic location, is a grinding saga of military sieges and ruthlessly contested changes in ownership. The residue of that strife, today, is a pronounced British patriotism and a   exchange of slights with Spain, which still disputes Britain’s claim to the territory. After Queen Elizabeth II’s Diamond Jubilee, in 2012, when Gibraltar projected towering images of Her Majesty on a   side of the Rock  —   “a clear act of provocation,” one reporter called it  —   Spain began inspecting vehicle after vehicle at the border, backing up the line for hours, stranding the bulk of Gibraltar’s work force, who commute in every day. The afternoon I showed up, activists from a   Spanish political party had crossed into Gibraltar and hung an enormous Spanish flag high up on the Rock. This wasn’t just mischief. It was regarded as an act of symbolic terrorism. When one of the men appeared in court two days later, I read, a woman screamed at him, “Gibraltar will never be Spanish!” She sounded like that defiant place mat come to life. I happened to arrive in Gibraltar the week of the Brexit vote. Up in England, people were thundering about the working class versus elites, sovereignty and immigration, warning that British identity was being fouled by the European project. But in Gibraltar  —   a   fully detached nib of Britain, flanked by water on two sides and Spain on the third  —   the question was less philosophical: If the United Kingdom left the European Union, Spain might seize the opportunity to isolate Gibraltar, leaving the territory to shrivel up, like a flap of dead skin. The Gibraltarian government had already called on the House of Commons for help. There was concern that Spain would jam up the border again and that it might happen right away. Around town, “Remain” signs hung everywhere. The atmosphere was edgy, as though everyone was holding hands, waiting to see whether a meteor would hit. It was like the hairline cracks between so many     and Thems seemed to be widening, and some corrosive, molten goop was seeping out: mutual dependence curdled with contempt. Clearly it was happening back home in America too. All in all, it was a good week to spend in a cave. Gorham’s Cave is on Gibraltar’s   eastern coast: a tremendous opening at the bottom of the sheer face of the Rock, shadowy and   like a cathedral. Its mouth is 200 feet across at the base and 120 feet tall. It tapers asymmetrically like a crumpled wizard’s hat. Neanderthals inhabited Gorham’s Cave on and off for 100, 000 years, as well as a second cave next to it, called Vanguard Cave. The artifacts they left behind were buried as wind pushed sand into the cave. This created a high sloping dune, composed of hundreds of distinct layers of sand, each of which was once the surface of the dune, the floor of the cave. The dune is enormous. It reaches about   of the way up Gorham’s walls, spilling out of the cave’s mouth and onto the rocky beach, like a colossal cat’s tongue lapping at the Mediterranean. Every summer, since 1989, a team of archaeologists has returned to meticulously clear that sand away and recover the material inside. “I realized a long time ago, I won’t live to see the end of this project,” Finlayson, who leads the excavation, told me. “But I think we’re in a great moment. We’re beginning to understand these people after a century of putting them down as apelike brutes. ” Neanderthals are people, too  —   a separate,   branch of our family tree. We last shared an ancestor at some point between 500, 000 and 750, 000 years ago. Then our evolutionary trajectory split. We evolved in Africa, while the Neanderthals would live in Europe and Asia for 300, 000 years. Or as little as 60, 000 years. It depends whom you ask. It always does: The study of human origins, I found, is riddled with vehement disagreements and scientists who readily dismantle the premises of even the most   questions. (In this case, the uncertainty rests, in part, on when, in this long evolutionary process, Neanderthals officially became “Neanderthals. ”) What is clearer is that roughly 40, 000 years ago, just as our own lineage expanded from Africa and took over Eurasia, the Neanderthals disappeared. Scientists have always assumed that the timing wasn’t coincidental. Maybe we used our superior intellects to outcompete the Neanderthals for resources maybe we clubbed them all to death. Whatever the mechanism of this   replacement, it seemed to imply that our kind was somehow better than their kind. We’re still here, after all, and their path ended as soon as we crossed paths. But Neanderthals weren’t the   louts we’ve imagined them to be  —   not just a bunch of Neanderthals. As a review of findings published last year put it, they were actually “very similar” to their contemporary Homo sapiens in Africa, in terms of “standard markers of modern cognitive and behavioral capacities. ” We’ve always classified Neanderthals, technically, as human  —   part of the genus Homo. But it turns out they also did the stuff that, you know, makes us human. Neanderthals buried their dead. They made jewelry and specialized tools. They made ocher and other pigments, perhaps to paint their faces or bodies  —   evidence of a “symbolically mediated worldview,” as archaeologists call it. Their tracheal anatomy suggests that they were capable of language and probably had   raspy voices, like Julia Child. They manufactured glue from birch bark, which required heating the bark to at least 644 degrees Fahrenheit  —   a feat scientists find difficult to duplicate without a ceramic container. In Gibraltar, there’s evidence that Neanderthals extracted the feathers of certain birds  —   only dark feathers  —   possibly for aesthetic or ceremonial purposes. And while Neanderthals were once presumed to be crude scavengers, we now know they exploited the different terrains on which they lived. They took down dangerous game, including an extinct species of rhinoceros. Some ate seals and other marine mammals. Some ate shellfish. Some ate chamomile. (They had regional cuisines.) They used toothpicks. Wearing feathers, eating seals  —   maybe none of this sounds particularly impressive. But it’s what our human ancestors were capable of back then too, and scientists have always considered such behavioral flexibility and complexity as signs of our specialness. When it came to Neanderthals, though, many researchers literally couldn’t see the evidence sitting in front of them. A lot of the new thinking about Neanderthals comes from revisiting material in museum collections, excavated decades ago, and   it with new technology or simply with open minds. The real surprise of these discoveries may not be the competence of Neanderthals but how obnoxiously low our expectations for them have been  —   the bias with which too many scientists approached that other Us. One archaeologist called these researchers “modern human supremacists. ” Inside Gorham’s Cave, archaeologists were excavating what they called a hearth  —   not a physical fireplace but a spot in the sand where, around 50, 000 years ago, Neanderthals lit a fire. Each summer, the Gibraltar Museum employs students from universities in England and Spain to work the dig, and now two young women  —   one from each country  —   sat   under work lights, clearing sand away with the edge of a trowel and a brush to leave a   cube. A black band of charcoal ran through it. The students worked scrupulously, watching for small animal bones or artifacts. They’d pulled out a butchered ibex mandible, a number of mollusk shells and   husks. They’d also found six chunks of fossilized hyena dung, as well as “débitage,” distinctive shards of flint left over when Neanderthals shattered larger pieces to make axes. The cube of sand would eventually be wrapped in plaster and sent for analysis. The sand the two women were sweeping into their dustpans was transferred into plastic bags and marched out of the cave, down to the beach, where other students sieved it. Smaller bones caught in the sieve were bagged and labeled. Even the sand that passed through the sieve was saved and driven back to a lab at the museum, where I would later find three other students picking through it with magnifying glasses and tweezers, searching for tinier stuff  —   rodent teeth,   spines  —   while listening to “Call Me Maybe. ” To an outsider, it looked preposterous. The archaeologists were cataloging and storing absolutely everything, treating this physical material as though it were digital information  —   JPEGs of itself. And yet they couldn’t afford not to: Everything a Neanderthal came into contact with was a valuable clue. (In 28 years of excavations here, archaeologists have yet to find a fossil of an actual Neanderthal.) “This is like putting together a   jigsaw puzzle where you only have five pieces,” Finlayson said. He somehow made this analogy sound exciting instead of hopeless. By that point, the enormousness of what they didn’t know  —   what they could never know  —   had become a distraction for me. One of the dig’s lead archaeologists, Richard Jennings of Liverpool John Moores University, listed the many items they had found around that hearth. “And this is literally just from two squares!” he said. (A “square,” in archaeology, is one meter by one meter sites are divided into grids of squares.) Then Jennings waved wordlessly at the rest of the   cave. Look at the big picture, he was saying imagine what else we’ll find! There was also Vanguard Cave next door, an even more promising site, because while Gorham’s had been partly excavated by less meticulous scientists in the 1940s and ’50s, Finlayson’s team was the first to touch Vanguard. Already they had uncovered a layer of perfectly preserved mud there. (“We suspect, if there’s a place where you’re going to find the first Neanderthal footprint, it will be here,” Finlayson said.) The “resolution” of the caves was incredible the wind blew sand in so fast that it preserved short periods, faithfully, like entries in a diary. Finlayson has described it as “the longest and most detailed record of [Neanderthals’] way of life that is currently available. ” This was the good news. And yet there were more than 20 other nearby caves that the Gibraltar Neanderthals might have used, and they were now underwater, behind us. When sea levels rose around 20, 000 years ago, the Mediterranean drowned them. It also drowned the wooded savanna between Gorham’s and the former coastline  —   where, presumably, the Neanderthals had spent an even larger share of their lives and left even more artifacts. So yes, Jennings was right: There was a lot of cave left to dig through. But it was like looking for needles in a haystack, and the entire haystack was merely the one needle they had managed to find in an astronomically larger haystack. And most of that haystack was now inaccessible forever. I could tell it wasn’t productive to dwell on the problem at this scale, while picking   husks from the hearth, but there it was. “Look, you can almost see what’s happening,” Finlayson eventually said. “The fire and the charcoal, the embers scattering. ” It was true. If you followed that stratum of sand away from the hearth, you could see, embedded in the wall behind us, black flecks where the smoke and cinders from this fire had blown. Suddenly, it struck me  —   though it should have earlier  —   that what we were looking at were the remnants of a single event: a specific fire, on a specific night, made by specific Neanderthals. Maybe this won’t sound that profound, but it snapped that prehistoric abstraction into focus. This wasn’t just a “hearth,” I realized it was a campfire. Finlayson began narrating the scene for me. A few Neanderthals cooked the ibex they had hunted and the mussels and nuts they had foraged and then, after dinner, made some tools around the fire. After they went to sleep and the fire died out, a hyena slinked in to scavenge scraps from the ashes and took a poop. Then  —   perhaps that same night  —   the wind picked up and covered everything with the fine layer of sand that these students were now brushing away. While we stood talking, one of the women uncovered a small flint ax, called a Levallois flake. After 50, 000 years, the edge was still sharp. They let me touch it. One of the earliest authorities on Neanderthals was a Frenchman named Marcellin Boule. A lot of what he said was wrong. In 1911, Boule began publishing his analysis of the first nearly complete Neanderthal skeleton ever discovered, which he named Old Man of La Chapelle, after the limestone cave where it was found. Laboring to reconstruct the Old Man’s anatomy, he deduced that its head must have been slouched forward, its spine hunched and its toes spread like an ape’s. Then, having reassembled the Neanderthal this way, Boule insulted it. This “brutish” and “clumsy” posture, he wrote, clearly indicated a lack of morals and a lifestyle dominated by “functions of a purely vegetative or bestial kind. ” A colleague of Boule’s went further, claiming that Neanderthals usually walked on all fours and never laughed: “  had no smile. ” Boule was part of a movement trying to reconcile natural selection with religion by portraying Neanderthals as closer to animals than to us, he could protect the ideal of a separate, immaculate human lineage. When he consulted with an artist to make a rendering of the Neanderthal, it came out looking like a furry, mean gorilla. Neanderthal fossils kept surfacing in Europe, and scholars like Boule were scrambling to make sense of them, improvising what would later grow into a new interdisciplinary field, now known as paleoanthropology. The evolution of that science was haphazard and often comically unscientific. An exhaustive history by Erik Trinkaus and Pat Shipman describes how Neanderthals became “mirrors that reflected, in all their awfulness and awesomeness, the nature and humanity of those who touched them. ” That included a lot of human blundering. It became clear only in 1957, for example  —   46 years after Boule, and after several   of the Old Man’s skeleton  —   that Boule’s particular Neanderthal, which led him to imagine all Neanderthals as   oafs, actually just had several deforming injuries and severe osteoarthritis. Still, Boule’s influence was  . Over the years, his ideologically tainted image of Neanderthals was often refracted through the lens of other ideologies, occasionally racist ones. In 1930, the prominent British anthropologist Sir Arthur Keith, writing in The New York Times, channeled Boule’s work to justify colonialism. For Keith, the replacement of an ancient, inferior species like Neanderthals by newer, heartier Homo sapiens proved that Britain’s actions in Australia  —   “The white man . .. replacing the most ancient type of brown man known to us”  —   was part of a natural order that had been operating for millenniums. It’s easy to get snooty about all this unenlightened paleoanthropology of the past. But all sciences operate by trying to fit new data into existing theories. And this particular science, for which the “data” has always consisted of scant and somewhat inscrutable bits of rock and fossil, often has to lean on those   even more heavily. “Assumptions, theories, expectations,” the University of Barcelona archaeologist João Zilhão says, “all must come into play a lot, because you are interpreting data that do not speak for themselves. ” Imagine, for example, working in a cave without any skulls or other easily distinguishable fossils and trying to figure out if you’re looking at a Neanderthal settlement or a more recent, modern human one. In the past, scientists might turn to the surrounding artifacts, interpreting more   tools as evidence of Neanderthals and more   tools as evidence of early modern humans. But working that way, it’s easy to miss evidence of Neanderthals’ resemblance to us, because, as soon as you see it, you assume they were us. So many techniques similarly hinge on interpretation and judgment, even perfectly   ones, like “morphometric analysis”  —   identifying fossils as belonging to one species rather than another by comparing particular parts of their anatomy  —   and radiocarbon dating. How the material to be dated is sampled and how results are calibrated are susceptible to drastic revision and bitter disagreement. (What’s more, because of an infuriating quirk of physics, the effectiveness of radiocarbon dating happens to break down around 40, 000 years ago  —   right around the time of the Neanderthal extinction. One of our best tools for looking into the past becomes unreliable at exactly the moment we’re most interested in examining.) Ultimately, a bottomless relativism can creep in: tenuous interpretations held up by webs of other interpretations, each strung from still more interpretations. Almost every archaeologist I interviewed complained that the field has become “overinterpreted”  —   that the ratio of physical evidence to speculation about that evidence is out of whack. Good stories can generate their own momentum. Starting in the 1920s, older and more exciting hominid fossils, like Homo erectus, began surfacing in Africa and Asia, and the field soon shifted its focus there. The Washington University anthropologist Erik Trinkaus, who began his career in the early ’70s, told me, “When I started working on Neanderthals, nobody really cared about them. ” The liveliest question about Neanderthals was still the first one: Were they our direct ancestors or the endpoint of a separate evolutionary track? Scientists called this question “the Neanderthal Problem. ” Some of the theories worked up to answer it encouraged different visions of Neanderthal intelligence and behavior. The “Multiregional Model,” for example, which had us descending from Neanderthals, was more inclined to see them as capable, sympathetic and fundamentally human the opposing “Out of Africa” hypothesis, which held that we moved in and replaced them, cast them as comparatively inferior. For decades, when evidence of a more advanced Neanderthal way of life turned up, it was often explained away, or mobbed by enough contrary or undermining interpretations that, over time, it never found real purchase. Some findings broke through more than others, however, like the discovery of what was essentially a small Neanderthal cemetery, in Shanidar Cave, in what is now Iraqi Kurdistan. There had been many compelling instances of Neanderthals’ burying their dead, but Shanidar was harder to ignore, especially after soil samples revealed the presence of huge amounts of pollen. This was interpreted as the remains of a funerary floral arrangement. An archaeologist at the center of this work, Ralph Solecki, published a book called “Shanidar: The First Flower People. ” It was 1971  —   the Age of Aquarius. Those flowers, he’d go on to write, proved that Neanderthals “had ‘soul. ’’u2009” Then again, Solecki’s idea was eventually discredited. In 1999, a more thorough analysis of the Shanidar grave site found that Neanderthals almost certainly did not leave flowers there. The pollen had been tracked in, thousands of years later, by burrowing,   rodents. (That said, even a   later, there are still paleoanthropologists at work on this question. It might not have been gerbils it may have been bees.) As more supposed anomalies surfaced, they became harder to brush off. In 1996, the paleoanthropologist   Hublin and others used CT scanning technology to   a bone fragment found in a French cave decades earlier, alongside a raft of advanced tools and artifacts, associated with the   Châtelperronian industry, which archaeologists always presumed was the work of early modern humans. Now Hublin’s analysis identified the bone as belonging to a Neanderthal. But rather than reascribe the Châtelperronian industry to Neanderthals, Hublin chalked up his findings to “acculturation”: Surely the Neanderthals must have learned how to make this stuff by watching us. “To me,” says Zilhão, the University of Barcelona archaeologist, “there was a logical shock: If the paradigm forces you to say something like this, there must be something wrong with the paradigm. ” Zilhão published a stinging critique challenging the field to shake off its “  prejudice. ” Papers were fired back and forth, igniting what Zilhão calls “a   war” and counting. Then, in the middle of that war, geneticists shook up the paradigm completely. A group at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig, Germany, led by Svante Paabo, had been assembling a draft sequence of a Neanderthal genome, using DNA recovered from bones. Their findings were published in 2010. It had already become clear by then that Homo sapiens and Neanderthals appeared in Eurasia separately  —   “Out of Africa was essentially right”  —   but Paabo’s work revealed that before the Neanderthals disappeared, the two groups mated. Even today, 40, 000 years after our gene pools stopped mixing, most living humans still carry Neanderthal DNA, making up roughly 1 to 2 percent of our total genomes. The data shows that we also apparently bred with other hominids, like the Denisovans, about which very little is known. It was staggering even Paabo couldn’t bring himself to believe it at first. But the results were the results, and they carried a sort of empirical magnetism that archaeological evidence lacks. “Geneticists are much more powerful, numerous and incomparably better funded than anyone else dealing with this stuff,” Zilhão said. He joked: “Their aura is kind of miraculous. It’s a bit like receiving the Ten Commandments from God. ” Paabo’s work, and a continuing wave of genomic research, has provided clarity but also complexity, recasting our oppositional,   relationship into something more communal and collaborative  —   and perhaps not just on the genetic level. The extent of the interbreeding supported previous speculation, by a minority of paleoanthropologists, that there might have been cases of Neanderthals and modern humans living alongside each other, intermeshed, for centuries, and that generations of their offspring had found places in those communities, too. Then again, it’s also possible that some of the interbreeding was forced. Paabo now recommends against imagining separate species of human evolution altogether: not an Us and a Them, but one enormous “metapopulation” composed of shifting clusters of essentially   things that periodically coincided in time and space and, when they happened to bump into one another, occasionally had sex. Lunch happened at the mouth of Gorham’s Cave, out in the sun. I ate a sandwich on a log, facing the sea, alongside Jennings and a few of his Liverpool students, while the young men and women from Spain mingled behind us, laughing and stretching and helping one another crack their backs. The language barrier seemed to discourage the two cohorts from talking much. And yet the students lived together during the excavation and had somehow achieved a muffled camaraderie. Even Jennings and his counterpart, José María Gutiérrez López, a veteran archaeologist from a museum in Cádiz, had a somewhat similar dynamic, despite working closely together for many summers at Gorham’s. Neither was terribly fluent in the other’s language, but their silence, by this point, seemed warm and knowing. Waiting for our ride at the end of one workday, I noticed them staring at a plastic bag snagged in the concertina wire above an old military gate. The bag had been there for a long, long time, Jennings told me. Then he turned and uttered, “Cinco años?” Gutiérrez López smiled. “Sí,” he said, nodding. I, meanwhile, felt compelled to test out all of this as a model for   relations. That contact obsessed me: What would it have been like to look out over a grassy plain and watch parallel humanity pass by? Scientists often turn to historical first contacts as frames of reference, like the arrival of Europeans among Native Americans, or Captain Cook landing in Australia  —   largely histories of violence and subjugation. But as Zilhão points out, typically one of those two cultures set out to conquer the other. “Those people were conscious that they’d come from somewhere else,” he told me. “They were a product of a civilization that had books, that had studied their past. ” Homo sapiens encountering Neanderthals would have been different: They met uncoupled from politics and history neither identified as part of a network of millions of supposedly more advanced people. And so, as Finlayson put it to me: “Each valley could have told a different story. In one, they may have hit each other over the head. In another, they may have made love. In another, they ignored each other. ” It’s a kind of coexistence that our modern imaginations may no longer be sensitive enough to envision. So much of our identity as a species is tied up in our anomalousness, in our dominion over others. But that narcissistic   is an exceedingly recent privilege. (“Outside the world of Tolkienesque fantasy literature, we tend to think that it is normal for there to be just one human species on Earth at a time,” the writers Dimitra Papagianni and Michael A. Morse explain. “The past 20 or 30 millennia, however, have been the exception. ”) Now, eating lunch, I considered that the   of humans and Neanderthals hadn’t been so trippy or profound after all. Maybe it looked as mundane as this: two groups, lingering on a beach, only sort of acknowledging each other. Maybe the many millenniums during which we shared Eurasia was, much of the time, like a superlong elevator ride with strangers. Some paleoanthropologists are starting to reimagine the extinction of Neanderthals as equally prosaic: not the culmination of some epic clash of civilizations but an aggregate result of a long, ecological muddle. Strictly speaking, extinction is what happens after a species fails to maintain a higher proportion of births to deaths  —   it’s a numbers game. And so the real competition between Neanderthals and early modern humans wasn’t localized quarrels for food or territory but a quiet,   demographic marathon: each species repopulating itself, until one fell so far behind that it vanished. And we had a big head start. “When modern humans came,” notes Chris Stringer, a paleoanthropologist at Britain’s Natural History Museum, “there just weren’t that many Neanderthals around. ” For millenniums, some scientists believe, before modern humans poured in from Africa, the climate in Europe was exceptionally unstable. The landscape kept flipping between temperate forest and cold, treeless steppe. The fauna that Neanderthals subsisted on kept migrating away, faster than they could. Though Neanderthals survived this turbulence, they were never able to build up their numbers. (Across all of Eurasia, at any point in history, says John Hawks, an anthropologist at the University of   “there probably weren’t enough of them to fill an N. F. L. stadium. ”) With the demographics so skewed, Stringer went on, even the slightest modern human advantage would be amplified tremendously: a single innovation, something like sewing needles, might protect just enough babies from the elements to lower the infant mortality rate and allow modern humans to conclusively overtake the Neanderthals. And yet Stringer is careful not to conflate innovation with superior intelligence. Innovation, too, can be a function of population size. “We live in an age where information, where good ideas, spread like wildfire, and we build on them,” Stringer told me. “But it wasn’t like that 50, 000 years ago. ” The more members your species has, the more likely one member will stumble on a useful new technology  —   and that, once stumbled upon, the innovation will spread you need sufficient human tinder for those sparks of culture to catch. “There was nothing inevitable about modern human success,” Stringer says. “It was luck. ” We didn’t defeat the Neanderthals we just swamped them. Trinkaus compares it to how European wildcats are currently disappearing, absorbed into much larger populations of house cats gone feral. It wasn’t a flattering analogy  —   we are the house cats  —   but that was Trinkaus’s point: “I think a lot of this is basically banal,” he says. Showing me around the Gibraltar Museum one morning, Finlayson described the petering out of Neanderthals on the Rock with unnerving pathos. Gibraltar, with its comparatively stable climate, would have been one of their last refuges, he explained, and he likened the population there to critically endangered species today, like snow leopards or imperiled butterflies: living relics carrying on in small, fragmented populations long after they’ve passed a genetic point of no return. “They became a ghost species,” Finlayson said. We happened to be standing in front of two Neanderthals, exquisitely lifelike sculptures the museum unveiled last spring, on a sweep of sand in their own austere gallery. They were scientific reconstructions, extrapolated by artists from casts of actual fossils. (These two were based on the only Neanderthal skulls ever recovered in Gibraltar: that first woman’s skull, sent to George Busk in 1864, and another, of a child, unearthed in 1926.) They were called Nana and Flint. Finlayson’s wife, Geraldine, and son, Stewart  —   both scientists who work closely with him at the museum  —   had helped him come up with the names. The boy had his arms thrown around Nana’s waist, his cheek on her thigh. He was   himself behind her leg, as kids do, but also stared out, straight at us, slightly alarmed, or helpless. “I don’t get tired of looking at them,” Finlayson said. He had commissioned the Neanderthals from Dutch artists known as Kennis  Kennis, and he was initially taken aback by the woman’s posture in their sketches. She stood oddly, with her arms crossed in front of her chest, resting on opposite shoulders, as if she were  . But Kennis  Kennis barraged him with ethnographic photos: real   people standing just like this, or even more strangely, their hands behind their necks or slung over their heads. As it happens, the artists had an intense personal interest in where human beings leave their hands when they don’t have pockets. I’d never thought about this before  —   I’ve always had pockets  —   and I wondered if artists might expose these perceptual bubbles more pointedly than archaeologists. Kennis  Kennis appeared to be major players in the tiny field of Paleolithic reconstruction. Scientists who had worked with them encouraged me to seek them out. “They’re great people,” one archaeologist told me. “Hyperactive. Like rubber balls. ” The Kennis brothers, Adrie and Alfons, are each 50 years old: identical twins. They are sturdy, attractive men, with dark, wildly swirling hair, and live in the small Dutch city of Arnhem, southeast of Amsterdam. When I arrived at Adrie’s house last summer, I found Alfons at the end of the driveway, glasses sliding down his nose, carefully filling a crack in the robin’   butt cheek of a silicon Neanderthal mold. Kennis  Kennis had gradually   Adrie’s house as a second studio. Most of their work and materials were here:   headless bodies of various human species and a wall of shelves filled with skulls and heads. The heads were frighteningly realistic, with glass eyes and fleshy faces that begged to be touched. When the brothers fly around Europe to pitch to museums, they take these heads with them, like salesmen’s samples. “On the airplane! We have heads!” Adrie shouted. “They scan things!” Alfons shouted. And slowly I understood: The brothers thought it was hilarious that airport security never questioned them about their duffel bags full of heads. “I never have to open my bags!” Adrie said, then he scampered to the wall, where a particular head had caught his eye: very   with a rough, bushy beard and rawness in its upper lip  —   a reconstruction of a primitive Homo sapiens skull found in Morocco. Adrie held the head in his palm and hollered, “Bowling!” while pretending to bowl with it. Then he laughed and laughed and laughed. That was how it went for the rest of the day. They spoke in a bifurcated riot, seldom finishing sentences, just skipping ahead once they had spit out the key words. And if a thought escaped them or their English faltered, they didn’t go silent instead, they repeated the last word, or made a strange guttural drone, as if thrusting some heavy weight over their heads, to fill the space. Their first big commission came in 2006, for the Neanderthal Museum, on the site of Neander Valley. It emerged as a jovial,   old man, with woefulness, or maybe just exhaustion, behind his eyes. That jolt of Neanderthal individuality has been a trademark of their work ever since. It elevates Neanderthals out of a single homogeneous abstraction and endows them with personhood. (At one point, Adrie described watching a neighbor spend an entire day   each brick of his driveway. He had an epiphany: “All the types of people around us, there must have been Neanderthals just like them. ” Alfons added: “Neanderthal neat freaks! Neanderthal Bill Gates! ”) What the brothers want, they told me, is for the viewer to catch herself relating to the Neanderthal  —   to recognize, in a visceral way, that Neanderthals sit at the fragile edge of our own identities. To feel that, Adrie explained, “they need to look you in the eye. ” They were obsessed  —   the only word for it  —   and have been since age 7, when Alfons found a picture of a Neanderthal skeleton in a book, and it instantly possessed them both. They spent a lot of time at their parents’ restaurant, after school and on weekends: With nothing to do, they started drawing Neanderthals. They drew feverishly, combatively, each brother keenly aware of whose rib cage looked brawnier, who had rendered more beautiful shadows on his Neanderthal’s upper lip. “We were both the dumbest guys in the whole school!” Alfons said. “We couldn’t count!” Drawing was all they knew how to do. As young men, they tried to teach art but couldn’t find steady employment. Their family told them to give up their crazy preoccupation. They wouldn’t. They made art at night and took custodial jobs at a psychiatric hospital. They organized the Christmas talent show and played   with the residents. Initially they were painters, not sculptors. They made   reconstructions only to have lifelike models to paint: They were that meticulous, that fixated on knowing how the musculature of a Neanderthal hung off its skeleton. Because they had to produce a   individual, the brothers were forced to make decisions about what paleoanthropologists had the luxury of describing as spectra of variation. Geneticists can suggest a probable scope of skin and hair colors. But the brothers must imagine the wear on a particular Neanderthal’s skin after a hard life outside, or the abuse his toenails would take. And would Neanderthals wear ponytails? Would they shear their bangs away, to get their hair out of their faces? “Every culture does something with their hair!” Alfons insisted. “There’s no culture that does nothing with their hair. ” This uncorked a frantic seminar on known global hairstyles of the last several thousand years. They began pulling up photos on Adrie’s laptop, dozens of them, from anthropological archives or stills from old ethnographic films. These were some of the same photos they had shown Finlayson. The brothers had pored over them for years but still gasped or bellowed now as each new, improbable human form materialized. The pictures showed a panorama of divergent body types and grooming: spiky eyebrows astonishingly asymmetrical breasts a towering aboriginal man with the chiseled torso of an American underwear model, but two twigs for legs a Hottentot woman with an extraordinarily convex rear end. “People would never let us make buttocks like this!” Alfons said regretfully. “All this variation! It’s beautiful!” shouted Adrie, refusing to look away from the screen. He had to look: These were reaches of reality that our minds didn’t travel to on their own. “If you live in the West, you’d never imagine,” he went on. The brothers’ delight seemed to come from feeling all these superficial differences quiver against a profound,   sameness. Finally, Adrie turned to me and said very seriously, “These are all Homo sapiens. ” They showed me more photos. “It’s real, it’s real, it’s real!” Alfons kept shouting. Adrie said, “Unimaginable, unimaginable, unimaginable!” It only registered later: I had spent the day with identical twins who, since childhood, have been stupefied by how different human beings can be. At the rear of Gorham’s Cave, past the hearth the team was excavating, there was a tall metal staircase. It led up to a long catwalk, which led to a locked steel gate. I waited there one morning while Finlayson fumbled around in his pocket. Then he turned his key. The excavation had worked through this narrowed rear chamber of the cave years earlier and discovered, at the end of the 2012 season, an engraving on the floor: a crosshatched pattern of 13 grooves in the bedrock. A tide of specialists flowed into Gorham’s. They determined that the engraving was made at least 39, 000 years ago and ruled out its having been created inadvertently  —   left over after skinning an animal, say. In controlled experiments, it took between 188 and 317 strokes with a flint tool to create the entire figure. “What we’ve always said,” Finlayson explained, “is it’s intentional and it’s not functional. You can call that art, if you like. ” The finding was published in The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences in 2014. The news media called the engraving “the hashtag. ” One scientist described the elaborate crosshatch as watershed evidence of Neanderthals’ capacity for “complex symbolic thought” and “abstract expression. ” But several archaeologists told me they believe that there are many clearer signs of Neanderthals’ capacity for complex cognition and symbolism, including a discovery in Southern France last year that seemed to dwarf the hashtag’s significance. (More than 1, 000 feet into the Bruniquel Cave, Neanderthals assembled two rings of 400 deliberately broken stalagmites, with other material piled and propped around it  —   like a labyrinth, or a shrine.) But Finlayson was undaunted. He turned the hashtag into a logo for the   rebranding of his museum. There was a hashtag decal on the van he picked me up in every morning. We stood and talked for a while until, finally, with Richard   aplomb, Finlayson lifted a tarp and showed it to me. It did not make a tremendous impact at first  —   it was lines in rock. But Finlayson went on, pointing to a spot near the entrance to this isolated anteroom, a few feet across from the engraving, where the team had excavated another hearth. Neanderthals built fires in that exact spot, on and off, for 8, 000 years, he said  —   until their disappearance from Gibraltar. But few animal bones were recovered here it wasn’t a place they cooked. And the location of the fire was also puzzling: Neanderthals usually situated fires at the fronts of caves, to control smoke. And yet, Finlayson explained, “if you look up, this has a natural chimney. ” We flung our heads back: A chute coursed through the high, craggy ceiling above us. It seemed, Finlayson explained, that the Neanderthals did their butchering and cooking at the front of Gorham’s, then retired here at night. Lighting a fire at this hearth would block the narrowest point in the cave, sealing off this chamber from predators. You could hang out here, Finlayson said, “have a   snack or something,” then head to bed. “See there?” he said, motioning to a smaller opening to our right. It led to a second room, similar to this one. “This,” Finlayson said, “is the bedroom. ” I looked again at the hashtag. It wasn’t on the cave floor, exactly, as it was usually described, but on a broad ledge, a foot or two off the ground. It made for a perfect bench, and it was suddenly easy to imagine a Neanderthal sitting on it, in ideal proximity to the fire. For all I knew, the hashtag marked his or her favorite seat. But Finlayson wasn’t done. After the Neanderthal artifacts disappear from Gorham’s sediment layers, there’s a gap of many thousand years  —   a thick stack of empty sand. Then other artifacts appear: Modern humans occupied the cave and built a fire here, too, just a couple of feet from the Neanderthals’ hearth. They used the bedroom annex as well. They left a cave painting on the wall in there: a gorgeous red stag, indisputably recognizable to us  —   their descendants  —   as art. Another 18, 000 years passed, give or take. The Phoenicians came. And they left offerings back here there were shards of their ceramics under the catwalk we had just crossed. Then, 2, 000 years after that, in 1907, a certain Captain A. Gorham of Britain’s Second Battalion Royal Munster Fusiliers arrived. Gorham didn’t discover Gorham’s Cave, Finlayson told me it had always been impossible to miss. “That’s what he found,” Finlayson said. “That’s really Gorham’s Cave. ” He pointed to the bedroom, and we both turned, bathing it with our headlamps. Beside the entrance was written, in big block letters, GORHAM’S CAVE 1907, with a chunky black arrow pointing to the doorway. Gorham had written his name directly over the spot where, some 39, 000 years earlier, a Neanderthal had made his or her own mark. The full sweep and synchronicity of this history hadn’t seemed to occur to Finlayson before. Hesitantly, he said, “Maybe there are special places in the world that have universal human appeal. ” I felt a similar, uncanny rush when I noticed that, at some point while he talked, we had each instinctually taken a seat on the rock ledge, next to the hashtag, and were now sitting side by side, staring into space where the two ancient campfires once burned. It’s not an especially spiritual experience when one human being walks into another human being’s kitchen for the first time and simply knows where the silverware drawer is. At the back of Gorham’s, though, that intuition was spread across two distinct kinds of humans and tens of thousands of years. Ultimately, why we are here and the Neanderthals are not can no longer be explained in a way that implies that our existence is particularly meaningful or secure. But at least moments like this placed our existence inside some longer,    continuity. It was the day of the Brexit vote. After   from the cave with Finlayson, I would spend the rest of the afternoon rejiggering my travel plans in a mild panic, trying to catch a ride out of Gibraltar and into Spain that night, so that if the Spanish exacted a retaliatory   after the results were announced, I could still make my flight home from Malaga the next day. I won’t describe the scenes I saw that morning  —   the blankness on people’s faces at the airport, phone calls I overheard  —   except to say that when I woke up on Nov. 9, after our own election, I felt equipped with at least a faint frame of reference. Reality seemed heightened and a little dangerous, because for so many people, including me, it had broken away from our expectations. We had misunderstood the present in the same way archaeologists can misunderstand the past. What was possible was suddenly exposed as grossly insufficient, because, to borrow Finlayson’s metaphor, we never imagined that the few jigsaw puzzle pieces we based it on constituted such a tiny part of the whole. Even some on the winning sides seemed similarly stunned and adrift. Many, though, just felt vindicated. Later that summer, I came across an essay for a British weekly by the actress Elizabeth Hurley, a fervent Leave supporter, who was now doubling down. “Knock yourselves out calling us   Neanderthals,” she wrote, “and spit a bit more venom and vitriol our way. You are showing yourselves in all your meanspirited,   elitist glory. ” When I read that, I took genuine umbrage  —   but on the Neanderthals’ behalf. And while I hate to admit it, I also felt a cheap but delicious tingle of smugness, because I now knew that “Neanderthal” wasn’t the insult Hurley thought it was  —   though this, I simultaneously realized, also closed a certain   loop and promoted, in me, the very   elitist glory Hurley was incensed by, thus deepening the divide. It was dizzying and sad and maybe inevitably human, but still no help to us at all.",0
2032,High Ranking Russian Official Confirms Being In Contact With Trump’s Campaign During Election (VIDEO),"  
On Thursday, a senior Russian diplomat revealed that the Russian government did meet with members of Donald Trump’s presidential campaign during the election. This disclosure reopens scrutiny concerning what role the Kremlin might have played in the president-elect’s close and contentious race against Hillary Clinton. 
Trump repeatedly said during the campaign that he never had contact with the Russian government. 
“I can tell you I think if I came up with that they’d say, ‘Oh, it’s a conspiracy theory, it’s ridiculous,’” Trump told CBS4’s Jim DeFede during an interview at his golf resort in Doral. “I mean I have nothing to do with Russia. I don’t have any jobs in Russia. I’m all over the world but we’re not involved in Russia.” 
When asked about outstanding loans with Russian banks or investors, Trump replied in July: 
“Absolutely not. It’s ridiculous.” 
Meanwhile, during his campaign, Trump repeatedly refused requests to disclose his tax returns to the American people. 
Experts still speculate that Trump’s tax returns could contain damaging information regarding his relationship with a foreign government or business interest. 
During an interview with Russia’s state-run Interfax News, Soviet Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov confirmed that “there were contacts” with Trump’s team during the election. 
“Obviously, we know most of the people from his entourage,” Rybakov said. “Those people have always been in the limelight in the United States and have occupied high-ranking positions. I cannot say that all of them but quite a few have been staying in touch with Russian representatives.” 
“We have just begun to consider ways of building dialogue with the future Donald Trump administration and channels we will be using for those purposes,” Ryabkov was quoted as saying. 
“We continue this work of course,” he added . 
Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova told Bloomberg that it’s “normal practice” for Russian Embassy staff to meet with U.S. presidential campaigns. 
Zakharova added that Clinton rejected similar requests to meet during the campaign. 
From Moscow with love comrade Trump. 
Featured image via Russia-Insider",0
2033,Prepping for a Full On Breakdown? Stockpile These Foods,"ReadyNutrition Guys and Gals, as you know we’re down to the wire just before the U.S. presidential election: an election that will shape the face of the country for a long time. But will we make it there? And if so, will we make it through it, and the transition period? With the contrived “Russian Cyber threat,” along with the very real threat of nuclear war, an EMP (Electromagnetic Pulse) attack, a true Cyberattack, an economic and societal collapse, or a grid down scenario, we have enough things to look out for. When things of this nature make the mainstream news media, it may be time to start preparing if you have not done so.
It’s time to prepare for the worst-case scenario with this best-selling preparedness manual People are Planning for Unrest Following the Election Emergency food sales and preparedness related supplies have soared due to the upcoming election. Here are excerpts from this article:
“What’s feeding this new urgency? Survivalist consumers say they’re preparing for post-election unrest that could involve everything from massive riots, to power grid outages, to the total collapse of the financial system where a can of food becomes currency. 
Nor is it limited to just rural areas. Frederick Reddie, a 41-year-old ‘urban prepper’ from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is stocking upon staples like rice and peanut butter and working on expanding his 6-month supply of emergency food to two years. He has to use a pseudonym to protect his supply from any future hungry neighbors, he told NBC News.” 
Well, it seems as if “Freddie Reddie” may have read my article about neighbors and “The Shelter” episode of the Twilight Zone. In any event, he has the right idea. Certainly, if you can afford it and wish to invest, then by all means (and by your choice), indulge as best fits into your budget and storage plans. The aforementioned article reported that several companies that sell freeze-dried and dehydrated foods in Mylar that are packed in buckets are being bought akin to a wildfire. Telephone orders are through the roof, and the companies reported they have needed extra staff to take care of the purchases.
Why Canned Goods are a Good SHTF Investment I personally like the canned goods. They’re within my budget (no, JJ is not a millionaire or even close), and they are the basis for my logistical needs. I don’t normally eat a lot of canned goods, and for a survival situation, I’m not overly concerned with the food being organic, or any “ leaching ” that may occur out of the can liners. My focus is on complete nutrition : protein, carbohydrates, fats, and vitamins. Canned foods have been time-tested with me: I have had cans of vegetables and meats that I had in New Orleans during Katrina that (after ten years) were still just fine when tested.
Indeed, they found canned meat from Arctic and Antarctic missions such as Scott’s and Amundsen’s that had been almost a hundred years old with the contents still edible. Canned goods can take tremendous changes in temperature and still be perfectly edible. Canned goods are also pretty affordable and can even be found at dollar stores . Everyone has undoubtedly concentrated on the basics, as follows:
Soups, prepared dinners (pasta dishes, chili), stews, canned meat (chicken and fish), canned beans and vegetables.
Be Careful of Tricky Manufacturers You have to watch out: they’re starting to shrink not only portion size but portion content. I just picked up the last case of ready-made mini beef ravioli with meatballs. My sneaky grocers kept the same label on the cans but removed the “with meatballs” from the label…and (as you may have guessed) the meatballs, as well. The can with the meatballs has a protein content of 22 grams (g), or 11 g per serving. The one without the meatballs only has 16 g per can (8 g per serving), and they “phased” out the ones with the meatballs, but left the same price…79 cents per can.
Doesn’t sound as if it’s much, but when you buy 20 cans, that’s 120 grams of protein less in the variety sans meatballs. Same for peanut butter, where they conveniently shrank the portion size but kept the same sized jar. In addition to the canned goods, you can still find some case lot sales on dry goods, such as pasta, rice, peanut butter, crackers, and so forth. With canned goods, don’t write off canned mackerel or sardines from your preps. They’re high in protein and Omega-3 fatty acids.
We’re getting close to “crunch time” with all of these things happening. Now is the time for you to stretch your dollars and prepare according to the many tips and articles you’ve read and researched here on ReadyNutrition. Use those Gatorade and 2-liter soda bottles to build up as much of a bottled water supply as you can. For your canned goods, if you can put them in bins, all the better. If not, try out some cardboard boxes, and be sure to label them or mark them on the outside with a magic marker for what the general contents are.
Staying Organized Inventory sheets (as I’ve mentioned in articles past) go a long way in rotating your supplies and also for keeping track of their contents. For canned vegetables, concentrate on the ones you can get the most for your money with. Examples would be canned, whole potatoes, spinach, kale, beans (such as baked or black…not the green beans that are almost devoid of nutrition), sauerkraut (excellent vitamin C source), canned fruit high in vitamin C (grapefruit, mandarin oranges, etc.). Other prepared foods in cans are macaroni and cheese that you can add meat to if you wish.
They last a long time, come precooked (therefore can be eaten right out of the can), and they can take a beating. Let’s not also forget canned juices, such as fruit juices and vegetable juices (tomato, V-8, etc.) Stick with the non-carbonated stuff, as it’s better for you and will be less prone to burst on a fall or impact. Here is a good list to follow .
In a nutshell, these canned goods and dry goods can help you boost up your supplies, or provide you with a base if you have not been preparing. All of the advice in the world will not help you unless you put it to use with actions. As things occur both in the U.S. and the world, now is the time to take advantage and do all that you can, and the canned goods can be found within your budget that fulfills your basic needs. Keep in that good fight, and fight it all the way! JJ out!
 
 
Related Material: 11 Emergency Foods That Last Forever 
The Prepper’s Cookbook 
How to Stock a Prepper’s Pantry 
Five Family Friendly Food Pantry Organizing Tips Anyone Can Do 
Prepping With Wheat Allergies 
5 Ways to Stretch Your Meals SHTF Style 
Food Pantry: Take Care of Your Basic Needs 
72 Hours Without This Will Kill You: Survival Water Fundamentals 
Jeremiah Johnson is the Nom de plume of a retired Green Beret of the United States Army Special Forces (Airborne). Mr. Johnson was a Special Forces Medic, EMT and ACLS-certified, with comprehensive training in wilderness survival, rescue, and patient-extraction. He is a Certified Master Herbalist and a graduate of the Global College of Natural Medicine of Santa Ana, CA. A graduate of the U.S. Army’s survival course of SERE school (Survival Evasion Resistance Escape), Mr. Johnson also successfully completed the Montana Master Food Preserver Course for home-canning, smoking, and dehydrating foods.
Mr. Johnson dries and tinctures a wide variety of medicinal herbs taken by wild crafting and cultivation, in addition to preserving and canning his own food. An expert in land navigation, survival, mountaineering, and parachuting as trained by the United States Army, Mr. Johnson is an ardent advocate for preparedness, self-sufficiency, and long-term disaster sustainability for families. He and his wife survived Hurricane Katrina and its aftermath. Cross-trained as a Special Forces Engineer, he is an expert in supply, logistics, transport, and long-term storage of perishable materials, having incorporated many of these techniques plus some unique innovations in his own homestead.
Mr. Johnson brings practical, tested experience firmly rooted in formal education to his writings and to our team. He and his wife live in a cabin in the mountains of Western Montana with their three cats.
This information has been made available by Ready Nutrition 
Originally published November 7th, 2016 Ask Tess: Do I need to rotate my canned vegetables and… 15 Items to Start Your Food Prep Off Right Frugal Prepping: 30 Survival Items You Can Get at the Dollar Oven Canning for Long Term Storage How to Stock a Prepper Pantry ",0
2034,Support for Clinton-Style AWB at All-Time Low in U.S.,"Australia Admits Gun Control Failure! Offers Amnesty to “Offenders” 
Gallup has been asking Americans about their opinion on the assault weapons ban since 1996 — two years after President Bill Clinton signed a federal assault weapons ban. That year, 57 percent of those polled said they favored the ban. 
But in 2006, the poll found for the first time that more Americans opposed the ban than favored it, and that opposition has typically increased over the past 10 years. 
What was most interesting about the results, however, was that the sharp uptick in those who opposed the ban came from Democrats, 50 percent of whom said they would not support a ban on assault weapons.   
Less surprisingly, 75 percent of those who identified as Republican said they opposed the ban. 
These numbers are detrimental to the progressive agenda of Obama and Clinton, who have made gun control , particularly a ban on assault weapons, a key issue. 
The truth is that most Americans know that our constitutional right to bear arms is imperative to our continued prosperity as a nation and that an infringement upon that right is dangerous.",0
2035,Malala Announced That She Plans To Become Prime Minister Of Pakistan,"Malala Yousufzai is a remarkable young woman who has made headlines and is known globally for the brave work she does in Pakistan, her home country. Her fight for the right for everyone to have a... ",0
2036,Neil Gorsuch to Participate in Deciding SCOTUS Gun Rights Hearing,"Neil Gorsuch was confirmed to the Supreme Court on April 7 and this week will take part in deciding whether he and his fellow justices will hear the United States Courts of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit’s ruling which upheld California’s “good cause” requirement for concealed carry. [On February 13, 2014, a   panel of the Ninth Circuit ruled that the “good cause” requirement violated the Second Amendment. Judge Diarmuid O’Scannlain wrote the majority opinion for the 2014 decision and The San Francisco Chronicle quoted from that opinion, saying, “The right to bear arms includes the right to carry an operable arm outside the home for the lawful purpose of  . ”  On June 9, 2016, the Ninth Circuit reversed itself and ruled in favor of California’s “good cause” requirement by stating that Americans have no right to carry a concealed handgun outside of their home for  . Lacking such a right, the court found it acceptable that Californians demonstrate a “good cause” or good reason for needing a gun with them for protection. The Chicago Tribune reports that Gorsuch will be part of the process by which SCOTUS will decide whether to hear the Ninth Circuit’s rejection of Americans’ right to carry a concealed handgun outside the home for  . Gorsuch will participate in the decision which will be made in “private conference with his new colleagues Thursday. ” Throughout his Senate confirmation hearings, Gorsuch stressed his adherence to the SCOTUS’ ruling in District of Columbia v. Heller (2008). That ruling reaffirmed Americans’ natural, individual right to keep and bear arms. At question in the Ninth Circuit’s 2016 decision is the scope of that right and whether one natural right —  in this case, the right to bear arms —  can be limited without also limiting rights to speech, religion, and security in one’s person, among other rights. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
2038,10 Signs Western Society is a Satanic Cult,"10 Signs Western Society is a Satanic Cult Many Jews, Freemasons, liberals, socialists and feminists have unwittingly been inducted into a sata... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/10-signs-western-society-is-satanic-cult.html Many Jews, Freemasons, liberals, socialists and feminists have unwittingly been inducted into a satanic cult based on the Jewish Cabala. Society increasingly resembles this ruling cult, the Illuminati. A satanic cult inverts healthy and unhealthy, natural and unnatural... it inverts beauty and ugliness, truth and lies, justice and injustice, making evil seem good. It controls its members by corrupting and making them sick (Pharmaceuticals alone are an annual $1.2 trillion industry ). Its members are dysfunctional and identify with their condition. The real occult meaning of ""revolution,"" is supplanting God with Lucifer, turning reality upside down. Christ depicted screwing God. Note the Illuminati pyramid and eye in Christ's behind ( Charlie Hebdo ) Ten Signs Western Society is a Satanic Cult 1. There is a distinction between the ""initiated"" and the general population which is kept in the dark. They are not told the cult's true objectives (to exploit and enslave them) but are deceived instead with noble sounding platitudes. Leaders (part of the ""initiated"") routinely lie to the people as in the case of false flags, assassinations and wars. False flags are a form of mass brainwashing, arousing mass sympathy for the alleged victim and hatred for the alleged perpetrator. 2. The symbols of the cult are everywhere and its monuments (obelisks) dot our cities. Illuminati motifs are also prominent in corporate logos . Illuminati bankers control most corporations. 3. They deny that humans have a divine soul that is connected with a spiritual and moral order. Mention of ""God"" and a universal design and intelligence are suppressed . ""God"" is a dirty word. Instead of God, (conscience) we are required to obey the cult leaders and their factotums. Believers in God are persecuted . By denying our Divine soul, they define us as simply animals who can be domesticated or culled. They encourage us to degrade ourselves by indulging our animal nature. 4. They attempt to overrule nature and encourage unnatural and perverse behavior. A prime example is the bizarre occult hatred of gender (masculine and feminine), and their encouragement of gender confusion, homosexuality, transgenderism and androgyny. They teach school children to experiment with sex toys and homosexuality . This is state-sanctioned child sex abuse. Homosexuality is a developmental disorder . Its official promotion is proof society has gone over to the dark side. 5. Western society is a sex cult i.e. it is besotted with sex and ""hot"" women. The Illuminati promote promiscuous and anonymous sex in order to degrade people to animals. Tongue Tied video Miley Cyrus — Cry for help? Bombshell: Obama, Clinton, Podesta, Soros, Epstein, Alefantis — All Connected to Pedophilia Claims by 'Podesta Emails' They normalize sexual deviance to defy God and serve their god Lucifer. The sex cult's sex obsession is surpassed only by its love of money. Millions are engaged in stock market gambling. The cult (society) encourages both addictions, and addictive behavior in general. The cult controls us by making us sick, physically and/or psychologically. The cult makes its members sick and then sells them a ""cure."" Healthcare is a $1.7 trillion industry in the US, surpassing even ""Defence."" One in 10 Americans now takes an antidepressant medication ; among women in their 40s and 50s, the figure is one in four. 6. They attempt to destroy the institutions of marriage and the nuclear family so that the cult (society) will be our first loyalty, and ultimately will take over procreation and child rearing. 7. They create a climate of fear and use this as an excuse to remove civil rights and create a police state capable of ensuring cult control. 8. There is extensive surveillance to control every individual by blackmail . Thought criminals are shamed and expelled. The CEO of Mozilla was forced to resign after giving a donation to a group that opposes gay marriage. This enforced conformity, which is becoming commonplace, is characteristic of Communism, which is Illuminati in origin and character. The term "" politically correct "" originated in the Communist Party. 9. They suppress the truth. True history, art,music and literature are suppressed. They even deny that objective truth exists and is knowable. They use entertainment as occult ritual . They degrade and distract us from reality by creating an alternate fantasy world. Entertainers are often mind-controlled agents of the cult . New "" Common Core "" school curriculum is turning people into widgets. 10. There's also a relentless focus on dysfunctional people, minorities and ""underdogs"" rather than the strong, effective, happy and truly healthy. Deprived of family supports, more people can't cope and resemble zombies, disheveled, eyes focused on smart phones, head phones in ears, nose rings and tattoos. Finally, a cult usually has a charismatic God-like leader whose judgment is never questioned. Think Hitler or Stalin. In the West, we are still waiting for this figure to emerge. When he (or she) does emerge, the cult will be complete. By Henry Makow Ph.D. — author of Illuminati3: Satanic Possession: There is only one Conspiracy Dear Friends, HumansAreFree is and will always be free to access and use. If you appreciate my work, please help me continue. 
Stay updated via Email Newsletter: Related",0
2039,"Friday Mailbag: Politics, Politics, Politics - The New York Times","In this new weekly feature, we will surface some of the more thoughtful and provocative concerns that come into our office. The public editor’s column can only address so much and, though we’ll reply to many of your comments, we unfortunately aren’t unable to reply personally to everything that lands in our inbox. By giving a weekly glimpse into our mailbag, we hope to give exposure to the fluctuating concerns of The Times’s audience  —   and in doing so, help facilitate a better conversation between the Gray Lady and her readers. This week, as you probably would guess, our inbox is inundated with readers reacting to one of the more astonishing presidential election surprises in modern history. As the returns were coming in Tuesday night, readers became increasingly concerned over how The Times could have so incorrectly forecasted the outcome. The public editor’s column addressed the issue on Wednesday, and the letters continue to stream in. Some complained of The Times’s perceived liberal bias and think its New York newsroom is out of touch with much of America. Here are some of the letters: Comments on Wednesday’s public editor column generally echoed the sentiment. Pamela Colloff, executive editor of Texas Monthly had this to say, on Twitter: The Times’s national editor, Marc Lacey, pointed out that The Times has national correspondents who live across the country. And earlier Friday, The Times’s publisher, Arthur Sulzberger Jr. sent a note to the newsroom on the topic of covering the Trump White House. The Times will “approach the incoming Trump administration without bias,” he wrote. “We will cover his policies and his agenda fairly. We will bring expert analysis and thoughtful commentary to the changes we see in government, and to their ramifications on the ground. ” He added: “We will look within and beyond Washington to explore the roots of the anger that has roiled red and blue America. If many Americans no longer seem to understand each other, let’s make it our job to interpret and explain. ” Some readers blamed the Democrats for not stepping up. The following reader email came in before the votes were tallied, but we thought it was worth noting. It’s about political coverage on the editorial pages: The public editor’s take: Sexism, subtle and otherwise, is a recurring theme that, I can assure you, has my attention. I encourage any readers to write with concerns, or anything specific they notice on the topic. Another reader took issue with a headline on a piece that predicted how Trump would end up pulling off his shock win: “Donald Trump’s Big Bet on Less Educated Whites. ” The election wasn’t the only subject on readers’ minds this week. A Times investigation into genetically modified foods sparked controversy, with much of the dissent landing in our inbox. The investigation’s claim: “Genetic modification in the United States and Canada has not accelerated increases in crop yields or led to an overall reduction in the use of chemical pesticides. ” Here are a couple of the reader responses: A commentator on Twitter shared Mr. Wanzek’s concern. We shared these concerns with The Times’s business editor, Dean Murphy. Here’s his reply. On The Times carrying out such studies: On the complaint that The Times views farmers as less intelligent: The public editor’s take: Over all, I found the piece to be a thorough, educational read on a complex subject. But I thought readers had some interesting feedback. First, it’s true that big news organizations like The Times often produce their own studies and independent analysis. In this case, given how many questions that were raised about the methodology, it’s clear that the piece would have benefited from more explanation of how the data was assembled and used. On the issue of the story’s tone toward farmers, I didn’t see anything that struck me as intentionally talking down to farmers. But then, I’m not a farmer, and I would have enjoyed hearing more from those who are. Another story this week that drew pointed reader replies was headlined, in print and on the home page: “Locker Room Talk Becomes the Talk of Harvard. ” The public editor’s column addressed the issue, which prompted readers who agreed with the headline choice to come to its defense. And finally, one Trump rally attendee wrote to apologize for how he treated the media. See you next week.  —   Updated, 2:30 pm, Tuesday, November 15.",0
2040,Mainstream Media Crashed — The Scapegoat is 'Fake News',". Mainstream Media Crashed — The Scapegoat is 'Fake News' They kept telling the American people Hillary Clinton was going to win the election; and in every wa... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/mainstream-media-crashed-scapegoat-is.html They kept telling the American people Hillary Clinton was going to win the election; and in every way they could think of, they told the American people this was a good idea. Then, on election night, they, the media, crashed. The results came in. The media went into deep shock. As protests and riots then spread across America, the media neglected to mention: a) they’d been bashing Trump because he said he might not accept the outcome of the vote, and b) here were large numbers of people on the Democrat side who weren’t accepting the outcome of the vote.A new campaign had to be launched. Suddenly, on cue, it was: Hillary Clinton lost because “fake news” about her had been spread around during the campaign. Fake news sites. That was the reason. These “fake sites” had to be punished. Somehow. They had to be defamed. Blocked. Censored. Here is an excerpt from a list of “fake news” sites suggested by one professor. The list is circulating widely on the Web: Project Veritas; Obama put in his two cents : “Because in an age where there’s so much active misinformation and it’s packaged very well and it looks the same when you see it on a Facebook page or you turn on your television… If everything seems to be the same and no distinctions are made, then we won’t know what to protect.” Excuse me. “We won’t know what to protect?” Meaning what to favor, what to promote, what to lie about? Meaning only some speech is free? Obama is way, way behind the curve. Thousands of websites and blogs have been exposing major media as fake for years. I started nomorefakenews.com in 2001. If Google, Facebook, and Twitter keep expanding their censorship of “disfavored messages,” they’re going to pay a price. More and more users will go elsewhere. The facade of the major media is getting thinner. You can see a glow of rage and resentment behind it. They’re desperately looking for revenge on the millions and millions of people who are deserting them and laughing at them. They presumed too much. They presumed they had us in the palm of their hand. We were their property. We were transfixed by their authority. All that is going away. Bye, bye. The big shift is accelerating. Independent media are in the ascendance. Understand that. Recognize it. The impossible is happening. Fake news sites? Please. The major media are the biggest fakes the world has ever seen. Their anchors and star reporters are bloviating cranks. They’re dinner-theater actors. The Mainstream Media has been caught faking news countless times, which had serious consequences worldwide: 9. BBC Journalist Comes Clean: 'Believe Nothing You Read Or Watch' Over the years, I’ve talked to some of them. I’ve warned them of their coming troubles. They were miles away from believing me. Now, they’re starting to sweat blood. Major media news for America is still basically manufactured in New York and Washington — plus occasional outbursts from Hollywood creatures who bemoan the decline of inclusive liberalism, as they expand their gun-toting security staffs and dig deeper bunkers. The New York-Washington axis exists in a self-serving bubble, which has now taken serious punctures. The delusional attacks against “fake sites” underlines how out of touch these elites are with the rest of the country. Independent media outlets are winning. They won’t be stopped. When the people who now head the tech giants were growing up, they were heralding the Internet as a new era of free information-exchange. But now that they find themselves working with the government in the Surveillance State, they’re fronting for censorship. In fact, they’re showing they were never for freedom. That was a pose all along. They were, from the beginning, agents of repression. They can try to stop independent media now, but they will fail. Fake web sites? What about fake companies? What about Google, Facebook, Twitter? Behind their happy-happy messages, they were built to propagandize, profile, and control. Understand this: major media have a rock-bottom article of faith. It is: “We own the news.” They can’t give it up. They’ll never give it up. It fuels everything they do. It’s the substance and core of their attitude. As their ship goes down below the waves, they’ll be chanting it. “We own the news.” But they don’t. In truth, they never did. For a time, they managed to sell that delusion to the people. That time is drawing to a close. The elite political class and their media minions fear more than independent news countering their own news. For obvious reasons, every civilization down through history has had its own monopolistic media, its central “broadcasting system.” Its controlled outlet. But now, The One has become Many. That is the threat. The rapid proliferation of The Many is an unpredictable X-factor. The population is waking up to decentralized media. Instead of the hypnotic attachment to one basic information source — the habit of a lifetime — the public is learning to handle multiple sources. Therefore, the hypnotic spell is being broken and dissolved. This is the basic problem for the elites. How can they reinstate the trance? By trying to censor the Internet? By creating a sudden war or other disaster, briefly “unifying” the country? These are not permanent solutions, particularly since more and more people understand such maneuvers and their true aims. Awake is awake. Putting the genie back in the bottle — particularly when major media denizens aren’t very bright, as evidenced by their latest “fake news” scam — is on the order of trying to perform a piece of stage magic after the audience has already learned how it’s done. Of course, the media clowns will try. And in the process, they’ll further expose themselves and actually assist in the awakening. Boom. By Jon Rappoport Dear Friends, HumansAreFree is and will always be free to access and use. If you appreciate my work, please help me continue. 
Stay updated via Email Newsletter: Related",0
2041,"‘Unintentional’ Human Error Led to Airstrikes on Syrian Troops, Pentagon Says - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   The Pentagon on Tuesday blamed “unintentional” human mistakes for the   airstrikes in September that killed dozens of Syrian government troops. The attacks were conducted under the “  belief” that the targets were Islamic State militants, according to the official inquiry. The investigation, led by an Air Force general, concluded that the strikes did not violate the law of armed conflict or the rules for the American military. Danish, British and Australian forces also participated in the strikes. “In my opinion, these were a number of people all doing their best to do a good job,” said Brig. Gen. Richard A. Coe, the officer who led the investigation. At the time, the Russians, who have been working closely with the forces of President Bashar   of Syria to fight the Islamic State and other rebels, said the attack had killed 62 Syrian troops and wounded more than 100. Russia said the strikes had enabled the Islamic State to capture more territory. The Syrian government said they were “a very serious and flagrant aggression” and accused the United States of supporting the Islamic State in its efforts to overthrow Mr. Assad. The strikes occurred as a deal to ease hostilities in Syria, brokered by the United States and Russia, was unraveling. They undercut American efforts to reduce violence and further exposed the challenges faced by the Obama administration in Syria. According to a redacted copy of a report that summarized the investigation, a drone examined an area near an airfield in Deir   Province in eastern Syria on Sept. 16, identifying a tunnel entrance, two tents and 10 men. The forces were not wearing recognizable military uniforms or identification flags, and there were no other signs of their ties to the government, the inquiry found. “In many ways, these forces looked and acted like the Daesh forces the coalition has been targeting for the last two years,” General Coe said, using the Arabic acronym for the Islamic State. “Human factors like ‘confirmation bias,’ ‘improper labeling’ and ‘invalid assumptions’ resulted in labeling of individuals as Islamic State of Iraq and Levant forces early in the process, which colored later analysis and resulted in continuing misidentification of the forces on the ground,” the United States Central Command, which oversees American military operations in the Middle East, said in a statement. The next day, drones and jets were deployed to attack the airfield. They began hitting tanks and armored vehicles. In all, 34 precision guided missiles were dropped on the Syrian forces. An hour after the strikes began, the Russians informed the United States that the coalition was attacking Syrian forces. Four minutes later, the strikes were halted. The investigation laid out a series of changes to the targeting process that the military has already made, including more   among analysts. The Air Force is also reviewing its process for identifying targets. “In this instance, we did not rise to the high standard we hold ourselves to, and we must do better than this each and every time,” said Lt. Gen. Jeffrey L. Harrigian, the commander of the Air Forces within the Central Command.",0
2042,Ashley Judd Accuses Donald Trump of Having ’Wet Dreams’ About His Daughter at Women’s March - Breitbart,"During Saturday’s Women’s March in Washington, DC, Ashley Judd ranted, “I am not as nasty as your own daughter being your favorite sex symbol, like your wet dreams infused with your own genes. ”[Judd said, “I am not as nasty as racism, fraud, conflict of interest, homophobia, sexual assault, transphobia, white supremacy, misogyny, ignorance, white privilege. I’m not as nasty as using little girls like Pokemon before their bodies have even developed. I am not as nasty as your own daughter being your favorite sex symbol, like your wet dreams infused with your own genes. But, yeah, I’m a nasty woman, a loud, vulgar proud woman. I’m not nasty, like the combo of Trump and Pence being served up to me in my voting booth. I’m nasty like the battles my grandmothers fought to get me into that voting booth. I’m nasty, like the fight for wage equality. Scarlett Johansson, why were the female actors paid less than half of what the male actors earned last year? See, even when we do go into higher paying jobs, our wages are still cut with blades sharpened by testosterone. ”  Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
2043,Head Of New Clinton Email Probe At DOJ Exposed As Clinton Insider,"After the FBI’s shocking announcement that they would re-open the probe into Hillary Clinton’s private email server, the Justice Department (DOJ) announced it would dedicate “all needed... ",0
2044,Trump’s Health Secretary Pick Leaves Nation’s Doctors Divided - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   When   Donald J. Trump chose Representative Tom Price of Georgia to be his health and human services secretary, the American Medical Association swiftly endorsed the selection of one of its own, an orthopedic surgeon who has championed the role of physicians throughout his legislative career. Then the larger world of doctors and nurses weighed in on the beliefs and record of Mr. Price, a suburban Atlanta Republican  —   and the split among caregivers, especially doctors, quickly grew sharp. “The A. M. A. does not speak for us,” says a petition signed by more than 5, 000 doctors. Mr. Trump and a   Congress are considering some of the biggest changes to the American health care system in generations: not only the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, which is providing insurance to some 20 million people, but also the transformation of Medicare, for older Americans, and Medicaid, for   people. Mr. Price has favored those changes. Seven years ago, the A. M. A. ’s support helped lift President Obama’s health care proposals toward passage, and the group has backed the law, with some reservations, since its adoption in 2010. But as Republicans push for its dismantlement, deep disagreements within the A. M. A. which has long wielded tremendous power in Washington, could lessen its influence. The concerns voiced by dissident doctors do not appear to imperil Senate confirmation of Mr. Price, but they do ensure that his confirmation hearings next month will be as contentious as any held for a Trump nominee, featuring a full public examination of the new president’s proposed health policies. “Doctors are divided big time,” said Dr. Carl G. Streed Jr. a primary care doctor at Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston and a member of the A. M. A. house of delegates, the organization’s principal   body. The controversy began soon after Mr. Trump announced on Nov. 29 that he had chosen Mr. Price to head the Department of Health and Human Services, which controls Medicare, Medicaid, the Affordable Care Act’s federal health insurance exchange, the National Institutes of Health, the Food and Drug Administration and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Within hours, the A. M. A.  —   the nation’s largest medical advocacy group, which has nearly 235, 000 members and calls itself “the voice of the medical profession”  —   issued a statement saying it “strongly supports” the selection. It noted Mr. Price’s experience as a doctor, a state legislator and a member of Congress. It praised, in particular, his support for “patient choice and   solutions” and his efforts to reduce “excessive regulatory burdens” on doctors. The enthusiasm was understandable at one level: Mr. Price has been a member of the A. M. A. house of delegates since 2005 and was an alternate delegate for a decade before that, according to the A. M. A. and the Medical Association of Georgia. “For those who are attacking Dr. Price, I have to ask whom you would rather have at the helm of H. H. S.  —   a career bureaucrat? A former governor who views doctors as a cost center to be controlled?” said Dr. Robert E. Hertzka of San Diego, an anesthesiologist and former president of the California Medical Association. “Tom Price may turn out to be the best friend that physicians and patients have ever had in that role. ” Many doctors are not willing to take that chance. More than 750 people who identify themselves as members of the A. M. A. signed a letter to the association’s board objecting to the endorsement. The “unqualified support” for Mr. Price is inappropriate, the letter says, because he has been “a strong opponent of so much of our clearly delineated A. M. A. policy” on issues like the Affordable Care Act, contraception and gay rights. Some doctors also said patients could be hurt by major changes in Medicare and Medicaid that Mr. Price, along with other House Republicans, has advocated. Dr. Andrea S. Christopher, 32, an internal medicine doctor at the veterans hospital in Boise, Idaho, said she had decided not to renew her A. M. A. membership over the endorsement, which she called especially upsetting to her generation of physicians. “Dr. Price has been an outspoken opponent of the Affordable Care Act, which has done so much to address the needs of our most vulnerable patients and reduced the uninsured rate to the lowest level on record,” Dr. Christopher said. Dr. Kristin M. Huntoon, a    neurosurgery resident at Ohio State University in Columbus, said the group’s support for Mr. Price had increased the chances that the Affordable Care Act would be dismantled  —   and that has put her patients at risk. Ohio has extended Medicaid coverage to more than 600, 000 people under the federal health care law. If that expansion is reversed, Dr. Huntoon said, some patients will not receive imaging or treatment at an early stage of their disease, and they are more likely to arrive when tumors have spread to the brain. “At that stage,” she said, “there’s often nothing I can do for the patient. ” Physicians have long been a focus of Mr. Price’s legislative efforts. He led the push to fix widely recognized flaws in Medicare’s formula for paying doctors and supported changes in malpractice laws that could make it easier for doctors to defend themselves. He supported changes in Medicare that would allow doctors to get around fee limits by signing contracts with patients. He has also backed changes in antitrust law that would enhance doctors’ bargaining power in negotiations with insurance companies. “Pocketbook issues  —   the economic   of physicians  —   may well be a factor contributing to the A. M. A. ’s endorsement,” said Dr. Manan Trivedi, a former Democratic candidate for Congress, who is the president of the National Physicians Alliance, a group of 10, 000 doctors that opposes Mr. Price’s confirmation. Dr. Patrice A. Harris, the chairwoman of the A. M. A. strongly defended the group’s actions and suggested that Mr. Price could surprise critics as Dr. C. Everett Koop did in the 1980s, when he was surgeon general under President Ronald Reagan. Liberal politicians and women’s groups initially criticized Dr. Koop because of his opposition to abortion, but when he stepped down after more than seven years in office, he was widely praised for his role in fighting AIDS and discouraging the use of tobacco. “We do realize that there is a diversity of opinion on Dr. Price,” Dr. Harris said in an interview. “We respect that diversity. We take the concerns that have been expressed by some of our members and by physicians in general seriously. “Our support for Dr. Price is based on our history with him, his extensive involvement with A. M. A. ,” she added. “He’s a longtime member, he’s a delegate. For us, he has always been accessible. He listens, and he really knows how policies impact the delivery of care and the   relationship. ” Phillip J. Blando, a spokesman for the Trump transition team, said Mr. Price had been endorsed by many medical groups and was “uniquely prepared” for the job. “If confirmed,” he said, “Dr. Price will work to restore the   relationship and clamp down on government overreach. ” Mr. Price has introduced legislation to repeal Mr. Obama’s health law, including its expansion of Medicaid and subsidies for the purchase of private insurance. He advocates tax credits to help people buy insurance, greater use of individual health savings accounts and   “  pools” for people with   conditions who might otherwise have difficulty finding affordable coverage. As a member of the House Budget Committee, and then its chairman, he has supported proposals to shift Medicare away from its   commitment to pay for medical services and toward a fixed government contribution for each beneficiary, which could be used for either private insurance or traditional Medicare. Such proposals could increase costs for some beneficiaries or limit the amount of care they receive, health policy experts say. Mr. Price has also backed turning Medicaid into block grants to state governments. Critics say that states would probably respond by restricting eligibility, cutting Medicaid benefits or reducing payments to health care providers. In leading efforts to repeal the president’s health law, he is pursuing a goal in opposition to the policies of the A. M. A. In a 2010 letter to congressional leaders, Dr. J. James Rohack, who was then president of the A. M. A. said the law took “an important step toward improving the health of the American people,” by “extending coverage to the vast majority of the uninsured” and “improving competition and choice in the insurance marketplace. ” Dr. Samantha G. Harrington, a doctor at Cambridge Hospital in Massachusetts, said she had canceled her A. M. A. membership because she found its endorsement of Mr. Price “embarrassing and shameful. ” Dr. Thomas M. Gellhaus, president of the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, said Mr. Price had “worked closely with us” on many issues. But, he said in a recent letter to the congressman, “some of the bills you supported in Congress would not serve women’s health well. ” Mr. Price has supported efforts to restrict abortion and cut off federal funds for Planned Parenthood clinics. If confirmed, Mr. Price would be only the third physician to serve as secretary in the   history of the Health and Human Services Department and its predecessor, the Department of Health, Education and Welfare.",0
2045,"Obamacare Architect Emanuel: ’Some People’ ’Did Get Price Increases’ - ’Young, Healthy People’ Most of the ’Losers’ of ACA - Breitbart","On Wednesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “New Day,” Obamacare architect and Chair of the University of Pennsylvania’s Department of Medical Ethics, Dr. Ezekiel Emanuel stated that while “costs have gone up,” under Obamacare, “they’ve gone up much more slowly than they did under President Bush, and they’ve moderated. ” He also stated that “young, healthy people” were most of the “losers” under the law.  “I mean, on any one of the three major criteria, how you would evaluate the ACA: Did it improve coverage? Yes, 22 million people got insurance through the ACA. So, that’s a plus. Our uninsurance rate now hovers around 10% and if all the states had expanded Medicaid, it would be even lower. On costs, yes costs have gone up, but they’ve gone up much more slowly than they did under President Bush, and they’ve moderated. For example, under President Bush, insurance premiums for employers went up 80% while under President Obama, they went up 35% a substantial reduction in the growth of healthcare costs. So, cost control has actually been significantly improved. And then in terms of quality, we’ve seen hospital readmission rates within 30 days of discharge going down. We’ve seen improvements in infections in hospitals, in no thromboemboli, no falls. So, whether it’s access, cost, or coverage, the Affordable Care Act has been an improvement. That doesn’t mean it’s been a home run on every one of them, but a significant improvement. ” He added that “in any big piece of legislation, for 300 million Americans, there are going to be some winners and losers. And mostly those losers were young, healthy people who were getting a great deal by the insurance companies, because they were young and healthy. ” He added that “Young healthy families of people who were in their 30s with two young kids, who don’t use a lot of healthcare, got a great deal. But people who needed healthcare didn’t get a great deal. Remember, if we’re going to cover everyone, including people with illnesses, it’s  —   the cost is going to have to be spread out over people. Some people actually, unfortunately, did get price increases. The best solution to the price increases is to moderate healthcare cost growth, and the Affordable Care Act began us on a process to do that, and it is unfortunate that deductibles have gone up. I would note, the Republicans want to increase deductibles even more, and so, that’s not a solution to the problem. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
2046,"US, Japan, South Korea agree to put more pressure on North Korea","US, Japan, South Korea agree to put more pressure on North Korea US, Japan, South Korea agree to put more pressure on North Korea By 0 50 
Senior officials from the United States, Japan and South Korea have agreed to step up pressure on North Korea to get it to abandon its nuclear and missile programs. 
The three deputy foreign ministers meeting in Tokyo on Thursday made clear that North Korea now requires broader international pressure and tougher sanctions because it poses a new level of threat. 
“We will not accept North Korea’s possession of nuclear weapons, period,” US Deputy Secretary of State Antony Blinken told reporters after meeting with his Japanese and South Korean counterparts. 
Japanese Vice Foreign Minister Shinsuke Sugiyama echoed Blinken’s comments. “We reaffirmed the necessity to increase pressure against North Korea to have it give up its nuclear and missile development and realize the denuclearization of the peninsula,” Sugiyama said. 
China, North Korea’s lone major ally, and Russia have pushed for a resumption of six-party talks on denuclearization in North Korea. The…",0
2047,Pew: 8 Million Illegal Immigrant Workers in the U.S. in 2014,"Pew: 8 Million Illegal Immigrant Workers in the U.S. in 2014 Joseph Lawler, Washington Examiner, November 3, 2016 
There were about 8 million illegal immigrants in the U.S. workforce in 2014, a number that didn’t change significantly since the end of the Great Recession in 2009, according to the Pew Research Center. 
But as a share of the overall labor force, illegal immigrants have declined slightly from 2009 to 2014, from 5.2 percent to 5 percent. 
Thursday’s report, written by researchers Jeffrey Passel and D’Vera Cohn and based on U.S. Census figures, indicates that the country’s reliance on unauthorized labor hasn’t changed much since the 2008 financial crisis, which drastically slowed or even reversed migration from Mexico. The report examines the illegal immigrant workforce up through 2014. 
Before the crisis, especially as the housing bubble inflated, the share of unauthorized labor soared, from below 3 percent of the labor force in the 1990s to 5.4 percent just prior to the crash. 
{snip} 
About 10 percent of the illegal immigrant workforce has been protected from deportation, according to Pew, by executive orders from President Obama . Hillary Clinton has said that she will expand on those orders. {snip} 
{snip}",0
2048,Jamila Bey: ’Milo Has Made Millions’ ’Bringing Violence and Bringing Terror’ - Breitbart,"On Friday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “O’Reilly Factor,” radio host Jamila Bey argued, “Milo has made millions of dollars on going and bringing violence and bringing terror to individuals he doesn’t like. ”[Bey said that it is “absolutely” the case that the First Amendment only protects freedom of assembly. She added, “[T]hese young students at Berkeley, who are among the smartest in the world put themselves on the line in defense of their fellow students. One of the highest things that we hope our people do in battle and they’re doing it already at school, to say we do not accept the violence that Milo  …    brings to the people he chooses to out, bringing out their names of people who  —  . ”  When asked about the Berkeley   praising the violence, Bey said the students are “young people, and I’m sure that they may even change their minds, but the arguments they made were sound. ” She later added, “Milo has made millions of dollars on going and bringing violence and bringing terror to individuals he doesn’t like. ” (  Grabien) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
2049,Netflix and PILL: Streaming firm boss reveals the future of TV could be a Matrix-style hallucinatory drug,"Daily Mail October 27, 2016 As entertainment firms fight to stay ahead of virtual and augmented reality systems, Netflix CEO Reed Hastings is keeping tabs on hallucinogenic drugs. At the Wall Street Journal Live conference on Tuesday, Hastings discussed potential challenges the streaming service may face in the future, including ‘pharmacological’ competition. The chief executive went on to describe a Matrix-like scenario in which users could take a ‘blue pill’ to experience hallucinatory entertainment and a ‘white pill’ to come back to reality – and says it could happen in the next twenty years. 
At the WSJ conference, Hastings explained that the firm is working hard to draw users’ attention away from apps, social media, and other major competitors, TechCrunch reports.   8:48  ",0
2050,Texas Leads 16-State Coalition in Support of Travel Ban,"Leading a   coalition, the Texas attorney general filed a brief with the U. S. Supreme Court on Monday supporting President Donald Trump’s temporary travel stay. Attorneys general from 14 other states and the governor of Mississippi joined to urge the nation’s highest court to reinstate the executive order. [State officials urge that President Trump was acting within his lawful authority given to him by Congress when national security, foreign affairs, and immigration policy judgments require him to exercise it.  Last month the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit affirmed a lower district court’s order blocking the executive action, as reported by Breitbart News. The   opinion of the court was issued on May 25. The   decision upheld the halt of the executive order by the federal district court in the District of Maryland. The U. S. Department of Justice filed a petition for writ of certiorari on June 1 asking the court to decide whether the president acted within his authority in issuing the   temporary travel ban from six   countries. The Supreme Court took the rare step on June 3, as reported by Breitbart News, in expediting review of the case. “The executive order is a tailored response to a very real threat to our national security,” Attorney General Ken Paxton said in a statement obtained by Breitbart Texas. “A temporary pause on entry from countries with heightened security concerns is necessary to shore up our nation’s vetting procedures. The president is fulfilling his solemn duty to protect Texans and all Americans. ” The states of Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, Florida, Kansas, Louisiana, Montana, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, West Virginia, and Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant, have joined the state of Texas in filing the friend of the court brief (amicus curiae) in the U. S. Supreme Court. A summary of the arguments made in the brief are as follows: The district court’s injunction of the President’s temporary suspension of entry for specified classes of nonresident aliens is remarkable. The injunction was issued despite three longstanding doctrines limiting the availability of judicial remedies for disagreement with policy decisions like the Executive Order here. First, the Constitution does not apply extraterritorially to nonresident aliens abroad seeking entry. And this Court has specifically recognized that there is no “judicial remedy” to override the Executive’s use of its delegated 8 U. S. C. § 1182( f) power to deny classes of nonresident aliens entry into this country. Second, the Order must be accorded “the strongest of presumptions and the widest latitude of judicial interpretation,” because it is in [the U. S. Supreme Court opinion of] Youngstown’s first zone of executive action pursuant to congressionally delegated power. Third, the Court has long accorded facially neutral government actions a presumption of validity and good faith, so those actions can be invalidated under a   analysis only if there is the clearest proof of pretext. This longstanding, exacting standard for judicial scrutiny of government motives has been recognized by this Court in multiple types of constitutional challenges. This limit respects institutional roles by precluding courts from engaging in a tenuous “judicial psychoanalysis of a drafter’s heart of hearts. ” Moreover, they urge: Plaintiffs cannot satisfy this Court’s exacting standards for showing that the Executive Order is pretext masking a religious classification. The Order classifies aliens according to nationality based on concerns about the government’s ability to adequately vet nationals of six covered countries who seek entry. Not only that, but these six countries covered by the Order were previously identified by Congress and the Obama Administration, under the   program, as national security “countries of concern. ” The Order is therefore valid, as it provides a “facially legitimate and bona fide reason” for exercising 8 U. S. C. § 1182( f) national security and   powers to restrict entry. The states also argued that any “  statements regarding a potential future policy” are “far from the clearest proof” required to overcome the strong legal presumption of validity, especially as to a different policy adopted by the president after he took office after conferring with other   government officials. Lana Shadwick is a writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas. She has served as a prosecutor and associate judge in Texas. Follow her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2. State of Texas et al. Brief at U. S. Supreme Court in Support of President’s Temporary Travel Halt, ",0
2051,"Dem Sen Manchin: Manning Commutation ’Dead Wrong,’ Gives ’Green Light’ to Hacking - Breitbart","On Tuesday’s “MTP Daily,” Senator Joe Manchin ( ) stated that the commutation of Chelsea Manning is “dead wrong,” and giving “a green light to people basically, with all the hacking going on now, and all the cyber attacks we’ve got going on. ”  Manchin said, “I think it’s dead wrong, absolutely dead wrong. This is treason, espionage at the highest level. What the Private Manning done,  —   what Chelsea did is  —   absolutely found guilty, 35 year sentence  …    should basically serve that sentence out. You’re going to  —   we’re going to give a green light to people basically, with all the hacking going on now, and all the cyber attacks we’ve got going on. My goodness, you’ve got Snowden out there, and you’ve got Assange, you’ve got all these people, it’s just wrong. We’re not going to  —   I’m for one, not going to be supportive of these types of commutes whatsoever, or pardons. I think they’re wrong. ” (  Washington Free Beacon) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
2052,The U.S. National Bird Is Now a Drone,"Washinton’s Blog – by David Swanson 
Officially, of course, the national bird of the United States is that half-a-peace-sign that Philadelphia sports fans like to hold up at opposing teams. But unofficially, the film National Bird has it right: the national bird is a killer drone. 
Finally, finally, finally, somebody allowed me to see this movie. And finally somebody made this movie. There have been several drone movies worth seeing , most of them fictional drama , and one very much worth avoiding ( Eye in the Sky ). But National Bird is raw truth, not entirely unlike what you might fantasize media news reports would be in a magical world in which media outlets gave a damn about human life. 
The first half of National Bird is the stories of three participants in the U.S. military’s drone murder program, as told by them. And then, just as you’re starting to think you’ll have to write that old familiar review that praises how well the stories of the victims among the aggressors were told but asks in exasperation whether any of the victims of the actual missiles have any stories, National Bird expands to include just what is so often missing, and even to combine the two narratives in a powerful way. 
Heather Linebaugh wanted to protect people, benefit the world, travel, see the world, and use super cool technology. Apparently our society did not explain to her in time what it means to join the military. Now she suffers guilt, anxiety, moral injury, PTSD, sleep disorder, despair, and a sense of responsibility to speak out on behalf of friends, other veterans, who have killed themselves or become too alcoholic to speak for themselves. Linebaugh helped murder people with missiles from drones, and watched them die, and identified body parts or watched loved ones gather up body parts. 
Even while still in the Air Force, Linebaugh was on a suicide watch list and had a psychologist recommend moving her to a different sort of job, but the Air Force refused. She has episodes. She sees things. She hears things. But she’s forbidden to discuss her work with friends or even with a therapist who doesn’t have the proper “security clearance.” 
We let Daniel down even more than Heather. He says he actually opposed militarism but was homeless and desperate, so he joined the military. We could have given him a house for much less than we paid him to help murder people at Fort Meade. 
Lisa Ling worked on a database filled by drone surveillance that compiled information on 121,000 “targets” in two years. Multiply that by a dozen years. With 90% of victims not among the targets, add up how many people would die in the targeting of the whole list. That’d be over 7 million. But it’s not numbers that have poisoned the souls of these three veterans; it’s children and mothers and brothers and uncles lying in pieces on the ground. 
Ling travels to Afghanistan to see the place at ground level and to meet with drone victims. She meets a little boy who lost his leg and his 4-year-old brother and his sister and his father. On February 2, 2010, drone “pilots” at Creech Air Base murdered 23 innocent members of one family. 
The filmmakers have voices read the written transcript of what the drone operators said to each other before, during, and after sending in the missiles that did the damage. This is worse than Collateral Murder . The people whose job it is to identify children and others who should not be murdered have identified children among the group of people being targeted. The “pilots” at Creech are eager to reject this information and to get onto killing as many people as they can. Their lust for blood drives the decision process. Only after they’ve killed 23 people do they recognize children among the survivors, and the lack of guns. 
We see the bodies brought home to bury. Those injured describe their suffering, physical as well as mental. We see people being fitted with artificial legs. We hear Afghans describe their perception of drones. They imagine, just as many Americans may imagine, and just as viewers of Eye in the Sky would imagine, that drone operators have a clear, high resolution view of everything. In fact, they have a view of fuzzy little blobs on a computer screen that looks like it was created in the 1980s. 
Linebaugh says there is no way to distinguish the little “civilian” blobs from little “militant” blobs. When Daniel hears President Obama claim that there is always near certainty that no civilians will be killed, Daniel explains that such knowledge is simply not possible. Linebaugh says she was often on the side of the conversation telling the “pilots” at Creech not to murder innocents, but that they always pushed for permission to kill. 
Jesselyn Radack, attorney for whistleblowers, says in the film that the FBI told two whistleblowers that a terrorist group had put them on a kill list. She said that the FBI has also contacted Linebaugh’s family and warned her that “terrorists” have been searching for her name online, suggesting that she fix this problem by shutting up. (She had written an op-ed in the Guardian ). 
The FBI also raids Daniel’s house, arriving with 30 to 50 agents, badges, guns, cameras, and search warrants. They take away his papers, electronics, and phone. They tell him he is under investigation for a possible indictment under the Espionage Act. This is the World War I-era law for targeting foreign enemies that President Obama has made a routine of using to target domestic whistleblowers. While Obama has prosecuted more people under this law than did all previous presidents combined, we probably have no way of knowing how many people have been explicitly threatened with the possibility. 
While we should be apologizing to, comforting, and aiding these young people rather than denying them the right to speak to anybody and threatening them with decades in prison, Lisa Ling did manage to find some kindness. Victims of drone strikes in Afghanistan told her that they forgave her. As the film ends, she’s planning another trip to Afghanistan.",0
2053,"Sean Spicer, Trump Press Secretary, Is ‘Not Here to Be Someone’s Buddy’ - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   In his first, rocky week as President Trump’s press secretary, Sean M. Spicer was scolded by his boss, pilloried as a liar, hammered by journalists, mocked by Stephen Colbert, taunted by the   ice cream brand Dippin’ Dots and held up as the poster child for an administration that can play fast and loose with the facts. No wonder he was looking for his flak jacket. “Is this bulletproof?” Mr. Spicer asked one afternoon last week, peering into a closet in his sparse West Wing office as he hunted for the combat vest that, by cheeky tradition, is passed down from one presidential spokesman to the next. Until recently, Mr. Spicer was the public voice and chief strategist of the Republican National Committee, the epitome of establishment Washington. Now he is the face of an administration bent on upending the status quo and waging war on the news media, surprising colleagues here with how comfortably he has embraced Mr. Trump’s ire toward the press. The day after the inauguration, he marched into the White House briefing room on Mr. Trump’s orders and lambasted stunned reporters as “dishonest” while claiming, against available evidence, that the inauguration had been the most attended in history. (He later said his count included viewers watching online.) The ironic hashtag #spicerfacts was soon trending online. Days later, Mr. Spicer defended Mr. Trump’s false claims about rampant voter fraud, referring to studies that do not back up the assertion and saying the president “believes what he believes. ” On Thursday, he had to walk back his suggestion that Mr. Trump would impose a major tax on Mexican imports, jolting global markets. The reaction has been harsh. “There’s no learning curve on a moral compass,” said John Weaver, a Republican strategist who has advised Senator John McCain of Arizona and Gov. John R. Kasich of Ohio. “You don’t need a learning curve to tell the truth from fiction. ” If he’s bothered by the blowback, Mr. Spicer, 45, who had long dreamed of standing behind the White House lectern, is not showing it. “We have a free press  —   I get it,” Mr. Spicer said last week during an interview in his office, where a giant television broadcasts four   stations at once. “But the press doesn’t like it when you call out their errors the same way they call out everyone else’s. ” Statements from the White House, Mr. Spicer argued, should be given the same leeway afforded a news organization. “I don’t know how many corrections are in The New York Times any given day,” Mr. Spicer said. “But I don’t wake up every day and go, ‘O. K. you’re all liars. ’” Over a   conversation, Mr. Spicer  —   who ate   ice cream from a cup branded with the presidential seal  —   was by turns defensive and relaxed, and still excited by the novelty of working in the West Wing. Grabbing a history book, he flipped to a page with a list of previous press aides. “Diane Sawyer had that office!” he said, proudly. A framed photograph of himself at the White House lectern, taken days earlier, was displayed on a mantel. A note from Barack Obama’s press secretary, Josh Earnest, was nearby. “It was very, ‘What an amazing honor it is,’” Mr. Spicer said of the letter. Asked if he was bothered by Mr. Trump’s unpredictable Twitter posts, Mr. Spicer shrugged. “You get the ability to wake up and have an issue or an idea become front and center in a second,” he said. “That’s a huge thing. ” The president “drives the news,” Mr. Spicer said. “I help provide updates. ” A stocky Navy reservist who grew up in   Rhode Island, Mr. Spicer prides himself on persistence. He attended a prestigious Catholic high school on a scholarship, sending away for brochures for the school without his parents’ knowledge. After graduating from Connecticut College, he bounced around working on campaigns, briefly living in an R. V. without heat or hot water. Years ago, a line drive at a softball game smacked into Mr. Spicer’s jaw, leaving his mouth wired shut for weeks. “Be careful,” his teammate told doctors on the way to the hospital. “He talks for a living. ” He climbed his way up the Washington ladder, representing Republicans in Congress before landing in the office of the United States trade representative in the George W. Bush administration. His jaw has since recovered: The Washington Post reported that Mr. Spicer chews, and swallows whole, more than 20 pieces of Orbitz cinnamon gum a day. He is still finding his place in Mr. Trump’s   inner circle. A Washington insider among political outsiders, Mr. Spicer joined the Trump campaign in August, against the advice of friends who warned against tying himself to an unpredictable candidate. On the eve of the election, Mr. Spicer privately told several journalists that Mr. Trump’s odds of victory were slim. Expressing those misgivings may have been a move to soften the blow to the party in case of a Trump defeat, but was the sort of disloyalty that is anathema in Trump World. “Sometimes he was a little less enthusiastic about our direction than other times,” said Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s chief strategist. “But he hung in there. ” Mr. Bannon, the former chairman of Breitbart News, rarely speaks to reporters on the record. But he reached out to a reporter unprompted to praise Mr. Spicer after learning of this profile, a sign of the Trump White House’s support for Mr. Spicer after a tumultuous first week. Mr. Trump criticized Mr. Spicer’s initial fiery appearance in the White House briefing room, urging him to wear a sharper suit and appear more confident, according to a person with knowledge of the conversations. (“He was disappointed with how the overall news cycle was going,” Mr. Spicer said in the interview, declining to elaborate.) But Mr. Trump was pleased with Mr. Spicer’s   briefing on Monday, calling Mr. Spicer a “superstar. ” “He’s a fighter,” Mr. Bannon said in a telephone interview, during which he also urged the news media to “keep its mouth shut and just listen for a while. ” “Sean Spicer is much too polite to the media,” Mr. Bannon added. “I’m the guy who wanted them out of the building. ” (He was referring to a proposal, scrapped for now, to move the White House briefing room from its current West Wing home.) Mr. Spicer has also heard from supporters who say his   of the news media was long overdue. “Accountability goes both ways,” said former Representative Mike Pappas, a New Jersey Republican who hired Mr. Spicer in the 1990s, adding that Mr. Spicer’s complaints were  . “There’s a clear bias against people like me, and people like him, and people like the man he works for,” Mr. Pappas said. “You have a right to your bias, but don’t report it as factual. ” Clifford Hobbins, Mr. Spicer’s high school history teacher, dismissed questions about his former student’s integrity. “He is as honest as the day is long,” said Mr. Hobbins, who said he had voted for Mr. Trump. “I’ve been very proud of the way he handled himself. ” Mr. Spicer, who was barely known outside Washington, is still adjusting to national fame. More than five million people tuned in for his first formal press briefing last week, with cable news channels and some broadcast networks taking the proceedings live. The discovery that he had posted on Twitter multiple times about his disdain for Dippin’ Dots, and its slogan, “The Ice Cream of the Future,” prompted the company to send him an open letter that went viral. Mr. Spicer sounded exasperated when the subject came up. ”It’s a joke,” he said. “How long can they be ‘the ice cream of the future’? You can’t actually be the future forever. ” Finishing his ice cream  —   which was not    —   Mr. Spicer shrugged. “You’re not here to be someone’s buddy. You’re here to enact the president’s agenda,” he said of his job. “And if you think it’s going to be anything bad, then this isn’t the job for you. ” Still, when asked about his first weekend, when he blasted the news media on instructions from an aggrieved boss, Mr. Spicer allowed himself a grimace. “That wasn’t the Saturday I thought I was waking up to,” he said.",0
2054,FS1’s Cowherd: Tebow ’Doesn’t Deserve to Play Major League Baseball’ - Breitbart,"”I’m rooting against Tim Tebow to walk into baseball and flourish.”  —   @ColinCowherd pic. twitter.  During his Friday Fox Sports Radio show “The Herd,” Colin Cowherd ripped Tim Tebow’s decision to play baseball after 10 years of focusing on football in college and the NFL.  Cowherd said he’s rooting against Tebow to make a major league roster because he does not want to see someone make it without putting in the work. “Why would we root for Tebow to be able to just step into baseball, which he didn’t play for 10 years, and excel?” Cowherd asked. “He’s a crappy   player, and that’s great because what it shows you, Michael Jordan was a crappy   player, is you can’t just mail it in. ” He went on to note how people in other professions put in the time and effort to become good at their jobs. “I’m rooting against Tim Tebow to walk into baseball and flourish, and I rooted against Michael Jordan to walk into baseball and flourish. They’ve both been exposed as dreamers and lousy once they got out of their lane,” Cowherd continued. Cowherd then accused Tebow of not working hard enough and being “not willing to take the steps to be great” because he refused to play in the Canadian Football League and took contracts with the New York Jets and New England Patriots over the Jacksonville Jaguars. He concluded, “[Tebow] doesn’t deserve to play Major League Baseball or be a franchise quarterback. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
2055,Obama’s DOJ ‘Transferring Money to Left-wing Groups’ ‘to Influence This Election’ – Using fines to fund!,"Obama’s DOJ ‘Transferring Money to Left-wing Groups’ ‘to Influence This Election’ – Using fines to fund!   Tweet 
Government Accountability Institute (GAI) President Peter Schweizer discussed the latest GAI report about the Obama Justice Department’s funneling of money to left-wing groups using fines levied against financial institutions. 
Breitbart Editor-in-Chief and SiriusXM host Alex Marlow described the report as exposing the Justice Department of “quite literally extorting companies to fund left-wing activists.” 
… 
“The problem is the Obama Justice Department has been diverting literally more than $650 million to left-wing groups . They do it under the guise of, “Well, you know, if this bank discriminated against lenders racially, we’re going to give this money to these left-wing quote-unquote housing groups to help deal with the problem.” 
But that’s not what’s going on. These housing groups are advocacy groups. They’re left-wing organizations. They are registering voters and getting voters out to the voting booth. And they specifically target what they call quote-unquote progressive voters. “ 
…",0
2056,Eine Kapelle für die Zarenfamilie,"Eine Kapelle für die Zarenfamilie Max Vetrov / RIA Novosti 
Die Abgeordnete der russischen Staatsduma Natalja Poklonskaja während der Eröffnungszeremonie einer Kapelle in Simferopol: Die Kapelle ist den Leidensduldern der Zarenfamilie gewidmet. Facebook",0
2057,"Alan Rusbridger, Once Guardian’s Celebrated Editor, Severs Ties With It - The New York Times","LONDON  —   When Alan Rusbridger retired last year after two decades as the editor of The Guardian, he was lauded as one of the finest journalists of his generation, having transformed a midsize British newspaper into an international digital media giant. He racked up a string of investigative scoops and made the organization a darling of   readers around the   world. But Mr. Rusbridger on Friday departed the organization to which he had devoted his career. With mounting financial losses that threatened The Guardian, he was forced to give up the plum role he was set to assume in September, as chairman of the Scott Trust, the nonprofit organization that owns The Guardian. Mr. Rusbridger’s decision to cut ties with The Guardian follows a series of events that made his presence seem increasingly untenable: lingering resentments from a battle over his replacement as editor a string of articles detailing the paper’s deteriorating finances and, finally, a clash with his successor, Katharine Viner, who helped spearhead his strategy for international growth but now faces a period of retrenchment. The tensions, playing out on a public stage, deviate from the familiar news media angst in the digital world, where print’s changing fortunes can create upheaval at the top. In his resignation statement, Mr. Rusbridger, 62, seemed to imply at times that he had been undone by the new regime  —   which he helped put in place  —   as well as a rapidly shifting environment in which even   news organizations hemorrhage money while titans like Facebook and Google devour advertising revenue. The Guardian lost an estimated 45 million pounds, or $65 million, last year. It is seeking to cut its annual budget of $380 million by 20 percent over the next three years. It is cutting its British work force by 310 positions  —   250 job cuts and 60 vacant positions that will not be filled  —   or 18 percent of the total. “Much has changed in the year since I stepped down,” Mr. Rusbridger wrote in a memo to The Guardian’s staff members on Friday, stating that the leadership of The Guardian  —   David Pemsel, the chief executive of the Guardian Media Group, and Ms. Viner, the editor  —   no longer wanted him to take over the Scott Trust. “We all currently do our journalism in the teeth of a   digital hurricane,” Mr. Rusbridger said in the memo. The leaders of The Guardian “clearly believe they would like to plot a route into the future with a new chair,” he said, adding, “I understand their reasoning. ” A central point of disagreement within The Guardian has been its refusal  —   for Mr. Rusbridger, virtually an ideology  —   to charge online subscribers, as news organizations like The Financial Times, The Times of London, The Wall Street Journal and The New York Times have come around to doing. The Guardian has recently experimented with a membership model that amounts to seeking donations, but Mr. Rusbridger insisted that a digital pay wall would be at odds with the newspaper’s editorial mission. Under Mr. Rusbridger, The Guardian invested hundreds of millions of dollars in expansion, fueled in part by proceeds from the sale of a trade publication, Auto Trader. The Guardian Media Group’s investment fund had been shrinking recently at an alarming rate  —   to £740 million in January, from £838. 3 million in July. The Guardian, which started in Manchester, England, in 1821, built a presence in Australia and the United States beginning in 2011. It seemed to move easily into the digital realm, staffing 10 bureaus in the two countries and hiring more than 50 reporters. Along the way, Mr. Rusbridger racked up an investigative hat trick, with electrifying scoops on illegal phone hacking by British tabloids, the WikiLeaks trove of diplomatic cables, and leaks from Edward J. Snowden describing the vast electronic surveillance conducted by the National Security Agency. The Guardian won its first Pulitzer Prize in 2014, shared with The Washington Post, for the surveillance articles. The Guardian succeeded in significantly expanding its international readership  —   the company says traffic from outside Britain now represents   of its digital audience. But its resistance to charging readers for content came at a significant cost. “He made The Guardian’s mark, and made it an international brand,” said Dominic Ponsford, the editor of Press Gazette, which covers the British news industry. But it was an expensive proposition, and Mr. Ponsford said, “That cost is one of the reasons that its losses are so high now. ” In a statement on Friday, Ms. Viner lauded Mr. Rusbridger as “a truly towering figure at The Guardian over the last three decades. ” But she added: “In his email to staff, Alan recognized how much has changed in the year since he stepped down as editor, and that it is right that we all plot a new route to the future. We face a formidable challenge over the coming months in a digital environment that is shifting all the time. ” Current and former colleagues of Mr. Rusbridger’s, who acknowledged criticism of his business decisions, characterized him as a brilliant journalist  —   not to mention a talented pianist, an affinity he explored in a 2013 book  —   and nearly universally declined to discuss his departure for attribution, describing it as a sad way to end his affiliation with the institution. Mr. Rusbridger, who was born in Zambia and graduated from the University of Cambridge in 1976 with a degree in English, started as a journalist at The Cambridge Evening News. He joined The Guardian in 1979, and in 1988 became an editor there. In 1994, he was promoted to deputy editor, before taking over the next year as editor in chief, a position he held until his departure last spring. Cerebral and academic, with often unruly hair, Mr. Rusbridger had an inner steel that won him admiration and devotion. Early in his career at The Guardian, Mr. Rusbridger led the newspaper’s tenacious investigation of what became known as the    scandal in Parliament, which contributed to the fall of the Conservative government of Prime Minister John Major in 1997. Mr. Rusbridger stared down a libel suit against the newspaper by a powerful former minister involved in the scandal, Jonathan Aitken, who was ultimately jailed for perjury. In the hypercompetitive and partisan world of British journalism, Mr. Rusbridger was sometimes a lonely figure, often more admired in the United States than among his rivals at home. As Mr. Rusbridger’s vision for the newsroom played out, the strategy appeared to have the full support of the top brass. Shortly after Mr. Rusbridger retired in 2015, Mr. Pemsel, the chief executive, said he was “hugely excited at the prospect of managing the next phase of growth at The Guardian, building on our international audience, capitalizing on the many commercial and digital opportunities. ” Around that time, another top executive said the company’s finances had been good that year. Then the bottom fell out. Print advertising cratered, and expected digital money never materialized. Support for Mr. Rusbridger suddenly shifted, as he was cast as a negligent manager who had saddled the paper with a slew of problems. Janine Gibson, a favorite of Mr. Rusbridger’s who lost out in the race to succeed him, left with other senior Guardian journalists, further shifting the way his legacy was viewed in the newsroom. In January, Mr. Rusbridger’s choice as The Guardian’s opinion editor, Jonathan Freedland, stepped down in what was seen as a leftward shift in the organization’s editorial stance. And Ms. Viner’s plans for the newsroom seemed increasingly at odds with Mr. Rusbridger’s, making the idea that he would soon return, as essentially her boss, increasingly unsavory. The negative sentiment started to rise in recent months, as several news media reports detailed a rising tide of internal discord, quoting   insiders who placed the blame for the company’s woes on Mr. Rusbridger’s policies and what they saw as his intractability. A critical article in Prospect Magazine took aim at Mr. Rusbridger’s decisions to “lavish money on new presses and delightful new offices. ” It prompted Mr. Rusbridger to strike back, defending the move to make a “significant investment in digital today” in the hope of having a “sustainable business tomorrow. ” It all reached a head on Thursday when the board of the trust met to discuss Mr. Rusbridger’s future. The meeting ended without a decision. Mr. Rusbridger was by all accounts apparently dismayed by the public    and the sour tone at the institution he dominated for so many years. While his supporters framed the decision to go as his, others said he had lost the battle with the trust and had no choice but to leave. In his memo, Mr. Rusbridger, who is currently the principal, or head, of Lady Margaret Hall, a college at the University of Oxford, wished his colleagues well. In September, he will also become the chairman of the Reuters Institute for the Study of Journalism, also at Oxford.",0
2058,"Не верьте больше в Санту, дети, он хуже всех врагов на свете!","Не верьте больше в Санту, дети, он хуже всех врагов на свете! 25 ноября 2016 Общество 
Американские психологи рекомендовали родителям не скрывать от своих детей правду о том, что Санта Клауса не существует. Исследование опубликовано в Lancet Psychiatry, о нем сообщает издание EurekAlert. 
Проблема британских учёных в том, что никто им больше не верит. Как прочитает недоверчивый обыватель: «Британские учёные сделали очередное открытие», — так немедленно злобно усмехнётся и использует газетку на бытовые нужды. Поэтому британские учёные мигрируют и мимикрируют, чтобы по-прежнему сеять неразумное, злобное, но желательно все же вечное в умы неблагодарных землян. 
Очевидно, именно такие вот бывшие «британские учёные», заброшенные волею судеб на берега Нового Света, и сделали ошарашивающее открытие: Санта Клауса не существует. Я понимаю, что эта новость повергла вас в шок. Вы стоите? Тогда сядьте. Вывод, который сделали эти светочи науки, ещё ужаснее, чем факт наличия отсутствия белобородого добряка в кафтане: нельзя говорить детям, что Санта есть, поскольку это ставит их (цитирую) «в трудную моральную ситуацию». 
По формулировке вы сразу поняли, что речь идёт о психологах, окопавшихся в уютных кабинетах с целью отъёма максимально высоких гонораров у доверчивого населения. Именно они решили, что веру в Санта Клауса (Деда Мороза, Бабу Ягу, эльфов, фей, гоблинов и кикимор) навязывают детям бессовестные, потерявшие всякую связь с реальностью родители, желающие таким образом вернуться в детство. В результате родительского разгильдяйства вырастают циничные, наглые, жадные, расчётливые особи, привыкшие получать подарки в обмен на хорошее поведение. 
Подумать только, сколько поколений выросло на развращающем отрицательном примере подозрительного толстого старикашки, коротающего 364 дня в году среди льдов, айсбергов и белых медведей! Но теперь американские психологи сорвали маску с этого маньяка. Теперь он не уйдёт от суда общественности. Теперь мы знаем, в чём кроется корень всех бед и преступлений нашего времени. Отныне любому преступнику на суде достаточно будет сказать: “В детстве родители заставляли меня верить в Санта Клауса, Ваша честь!” и зарыдать, чтобы получить полное оправдание. 
Ну а нам, господа, ещё легче. Дед Мороз — он вообще тип явно уголовный. Посмотрите на его красный нос и несовершеннолетнюю внучку неизвестного происхождения. Так что не стоит вздыхать, читая криминальные новости: теперь-то мы в курсе, кто виноват! 
Источники информации: eurekalert.org , картинок prikol.ru и prikolov.net . Теги:",0
2059,The Giant Panda Is No Longer Endangered. It’s ‘Vulnerable.’ - The New York Times,"The giant panda has long languished on the endangered species list, but an international monitoring group finally had some good news for it over the weekend. The pandas were removed from the endangered list, along with the Tibetan antelope. But the monitors issued a grim warning about the fate of the eastern gorilla, which has moved one step closer to extinction. It also said that the plains zebra has become “near threatened” because of hunting. The new designations were announced on Sunday in a report by the International Union for Conservation of Nature, a leading environmental group that tracks the status of plant and animal species. Giant pandas are national symbol in China, their native habitat, and the I. U. C. N. said on Sunday that efforts by the Chinese government to reverse the slide of the population, using forest protection and reforestation, had been successful. The panda’s new designation is “vulnerable. ” The conservation union said researchers have cautiously increased estimates of the panda population in every study since 1985, but data from the most recent survey conducted between 2011 and 2014 removed any uncertainty about the rebound by the species. That study found an estimated 1, 864 giant pandas in the wild, not counting cubs under the age of 18 months. The one remaining source of concern, however, is a big one. The I. U. C. N. warned that climate change could destroy more than 35 percent of the animal’s bamboo habitat in the next 80 years, leaving its future in doubt. “Whereas the decision to downlist the giant panda to vulnerable is a positive sign confirming that the Chinese government’s efforts to conserve this species are effective, it is critically important that these protective measures are continued, and that emerging threats are addressed,” the group wrote in its giant panda assessment. China said it was less optimistic about the animal’s progress, however. The State Forestry Administration disputed the conservation group’s decision in a statement to The Associated Press, saying pandas struggle to reproduce in the wild and live in small groups spread widely apart. “If we downgrade their conservation status, or neglect or relax our conservation work, the populations and habitats of giant pandas could still suffer irreversible loss, and our achievements would be quickly lost,” the forestry administration told the A. P. “Therefore, we’re not being alarmist by continuing to emphasize the panda species’ endangered status. ” The eastern gorilla has been a lot less lucky. The group changed the status of the species, one of the six great apes, from endangered to critically endangered after what it called “a devastating population decline” of more than 70 percent in the last 20 years. The species lives in the mountains and jungles of the Democratic Republic of Congo, northwest Rwanda and southwest Uganda, and the group said   conflict in that part of Africa was responsible for the sharp decline in the gorilla’s numbers. The spread of firearms and militants in the wider region has also lead to an uptick in poaching and made it dangerous for conservation groups to access the area. The eastern gorilla is composed of two subspecies whose combined population is now estimated to be fewer than 5, 000, the group said. One subspecies has fared better than the other. The estimated population of Grauer’s gorilla has declined by 77 percent since 1994, from 16, 900 individuals to just 3, 800 in 2015. The second subspecies, the mountain gorilla, has actually added to its numbers in recent years, the group said, but its population is still only estimated to be 880. “To see the Eastern gorilla  —   one of our closest cousins  —   slide toward extinction is truly distressing,” Inger Andersen, the Director General of the I. U. C. N. said in a statement. “Conservation action does work and we have increasing evidence of it. It is our responsibility to enhance our efforts to turn the tide and protect the future of our planet. ”",0
2060,Supreme Court Tie Blocks Obama Immigration Plan - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The Supreme Court announced on Thursday that it had deadlocked in a case challenging President Obama’s immigration plan, effectively ending what Mr. Obama had hoped would become one of his central legacies. The program would have shielded as many as five million undocumented immigrants from deportation and allowed them to legally work in the United States. The   tie, which left in place an appeals court ruling blocking the plan, amplified the contentious   debate over the nation’s immigration policy and presidential power. When the Supreme Court agreed to hear the case in January, it seemed poised to issue a major ruling on presidential power. That did not materialize, but the court’s action, which established no precedent and included no reasoning, was nonetheless perhaps its most important statement this term. The decision was just nine words long: “The judgment is affirmed by an equally divided court. ” But its consequences will be vast, said Walter Dellinger, who was acting solicitor general in the Clinton administration. “Seldom have the hopes of so many been crushed by so few words,” he said. Speaking at the White House, Mr. Obama described the ruling as a deep disappointment for immigrants who would not be able to emerge from the threat of deportation for at least the balance of his term. “Today’s decision is frustrating to those who seek to grow our economy and bring a rationality to our immigration system,” he said before heading to the West Coast for a   trip. “It is heartbreaking for the millions of immigrants who have made their lives here. ” The decision was one of two determined by tie votes Thursday  —   the other concerned Indian tribal courts  —   and one of four so far this term. The court is scheduled to issue its final three decisions of the term, including one on a restrictive Texas abortion law, on Monday. Mr. Obama said the court’s immigration ruling was a stark reminder of the consequences of Republicans’ refusal to consider Judge Merrick B. Garland, the president’s nominee to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court created by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia. “If you keep on blocking judges from getting on the bench, then courts can’t issue decisions,” Mr. Obama said. “And what that means is then you are going to have the status quo frozen, and we are not able to make progress on some very important issues. ” The case, United States v. Texas, No.   concerned a 2014 executive action by the president to allow as many as five million unauthorized immigrants who were the parents of citizens or of lawful permanent residents to apply for a program that would spare them from deportation and provide them with work permits. The program was called Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents, or DAPA. Mr. Obama has said he took the action after years of frustration with Republicans in Congress who had repeatedly refused to support bipartisan Senate legislation to update immigration laws. A coalition of 26 states, led by Texas, promptly challenged the plan, accusing the president of ignoring administrative procedures for changing rules and of abusing the power of his office by circumventing Congress. “Today’s decision keeps in place what we have maintained from the very start: One person, even a president, cannot unilaterally change the law,” Ken Paxton, the Texas attorney general, said in a statement after the ruling. “This is a major setback to President Obama’s attempts to expand executive power, and a victory for those who believe in the separation of powers and the rule of law. ” The court did not disclose how the justices had voted, but they were almost certainly split along ideological lines. Administration officials had hoped that Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. would join the court’s   liberal wing to save the program. The case hinged in part on whether Texas had suffered the sort of direct and concrete injury that gave it standing to sue. Texas said it had standing because it would be costly for the state to give driver’s licenses to immigrants affected by the federal policy. Chief Justice Roberts is often skeptical of expansive standing arguments. But it seemed plain when the case was argued in April that he was satisfied that Texas had standing, paving the way for a deadlock. Mr. Obama said the White House did not believe the terse ruling from the court had any effect on the president’s authority to act unilaterally. But he said the practical effect would be to freeze his efforts on behalf of immigrants until after the November election. He also predicted that lawmakers would eventually act to overhaul the nation’s immigration system. “Congress is not going to be able to ignore America forever,” he said. “It’s not a matter of if it’s a matter of when. We get these spasms of politics around immigration and   and then our traditions and our history and our better impulses kick in. ” White House officials had repeatedly argued that presidents in both parties had used similar executive authority in applying the nation’s immigration laws. And they said Congress had granted federal law enforcement wide discretion over how those laws should be carried out. But the court’s ruling may mean that the next president will again need to seek a congressional compromise to overhaul the nation’s immigration laws. And it left immigration activists deeply disappointed. “This is personal,” Rocio Saenz, the executive vice president of the Service Employees International Union, said in a statement. “We will remain at the front lines, committed to defending the immigration initiatives and paving the path to lasting immigration reform. ” The lower court rulings in the case were provisional, and the litigation will now continue and may again reach the Supreme Court when it is back at full strength. In the meantime, it seems unlikely that the program will be revived. In February 2015, Judge Andrew S. Hanen of Federal District Court in Brownsville, Tex. entered a preliminary injunction shutting down the program while the legal case proceeded. The government appealed, and a divided   panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit in New Orleans affirmed the injunction. In their Supreme Court briefs, the states acknowledged that the president had wide authority over immigration matters, telling the justices that “the executive does have enforcement discretion to forbear from removing aliens on an individual basis. ” Their quarrel, they said, was with what they called a blanket grant of “lawful presence” to millions of immigrants, entitling them to various benefits. In response, Solicitor General Donald B. Verrilli Jr. told the justices that this “lawful presence” was merely what had always followed from the executive branch’s decision not to deport someone for a given period of time. “Deferred action does not provide these individuals with any lawful status under the immigration laws,” he said. “But it provides some measure of dignity and decent treatment. ” “It recognizes the damage that would be wreaked by tearing apart families,” Mr. Verrilli added, “and it allows individuals to leave the shadow economy and work on the books to provide for their families, thereby reducing exploitation and distortion in our labor markets. ” The states said they had suffered the sort of direct and concrete injury that gave them standing to sue. Judge Jerry E. Smith, writing for the majority in the appeals court, focused on an injury said to have been suffered by Texas, which he said would have to spend millions of dollars to provide driver’s licenses to immigrants as a consequence of the federal program. Mr. Verrilli told the justices that Texas’ injury was   a product of its decision to offer driver’s licenses for less than they cost to produce and to tie eligibility for them to federal standards. Texas responded that being required to change its laws was itself the sort of harm that conferred standing. “Such a forced change in Texas law would impair Texas’ sovereign interest in ‘the power to create and enforce a legal code,’” the state’s lawyers wrote in a brief. Judge Hanen grounded his injunction on the Obama administration’s failure to give notice and seek public comments on its new program. He found that notice and comment were required because the program gave blanket relief to entire categories of people, notwithstanding the administration’s assertion that it required    determinations about who was eligible for the program. The appeals court affirmed that ruling and added a broader one. The program, it said, also exceeded Mr. Obama’s statutory authority.",0
2061,"FBI Wants you to Believe It Examined 650,000 Emails in 691,000 Seconds","By Claire Bernish In no surprise to anyone paying even marginal attention, the FBI’s clearing Hillary Clinton of wrongdoing in its briefly reopened investigation —... ",0
2062,"Israeli, American Jewish Leaders Slam UN Secretary-General For ’Occupation’ Statement","TEL AVIV  —   The   of the United Nations was roundly condemned Tuesday by both   and Israeli leaders for a statement slamming the ongoing “occupation” of Palestinian territories. [Marking the 50th anniversary of the Six Day War, António Guterres issued a statement saying that the 1967 defensive war “resulted in Israel’s occupation of the West Bank, East Jerusalem, Gaza and the Syrian Golan and the displacement of hundreds of thousands of Palestinians and Syrians” that “fueled recurring cycles of violence and retribution,” while making no mention of Israel’s right to defend itself at the time against the threat of annihilation from combined Arab armies.  “Ending the occupation that began in 1967 and achieving a negotiated   outcome is the only way to lay the foundations for enduring peace that meets Israeli security needs and Palestinian aspirations for statehood and sovereignty. It is the only way to achieve the inalienable rights of the Palestinian people,” Guterres said. “This occupation has imposed a heavy humanitarian and development burden on the Palestinian people,” he added. “Among them are generation after generation of Palestinians who have been compelled to grow up and live in ever more crowded refugee camps, many in abject poverty, and with little or no prospect of a better life for their children. ” Israel’s ambassador to the UN, Danny Danon, accused the   of disseminating “Palestinian misinformation. ” “Any attempt at a moral equivalency between killing innocent people and the building of homes is absurd,” he said. “It is preposterous to blame terror and violence in the Middle East on the one true democracy in the region,” he said. “The moment the Palestinian leadership abandons terror, ceases to incite against our people and finally returns to direct negotiations, then real progress can be made towards peace. ” Danon later slammed UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra’ad   for opening a session of the UN Human Rights Council by decrying Palestinian suffering. “It comes as no surprise that he chose to spread lies about Israel before he even mentioned the massacres in Syria. The Commissioner has forgotten that it is his job to care for human rights throughout the world, not to incite against Israel,” Danon said in a statement. Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely called on Guterres to “correct the [UN’s] distortion” of “occupation. ” “On the day when the UN sticks to the facts and ceases the misguided use of the term ‘occupation’ it will restore its credibility as an organization founded to uphold justice and truth,” she said in a statement. Israel is celebrating the 50th anniversary of “the liberation of Jerusalem and Judea and Samaria, and these are the facts,” she added. The   League (ADL) also slammed Guterres for what it described as an “incomplete and misleading” statement. “We are troubled by the  ’s incomplete statement on the anniversary of the   War and urge him to clarify his remarks,” ADL CEO Jonathan Greenblatt said in a statement. “While we share his desire for a return to negotiations to achieve a   solution, this anniversary cannot be viewed in a vacuum. It is grossly misleading to examine only the enduring effects of the war while ignoring the context in which the war took place  —   the belligerence of the Arab states in the spring of 1967, and the silence of the international community in the face of these threats and its failure to ensure the rights to free passage of international waterways. ” Greenblatt added his appreciation for Guterres’ “supportive statements on Israel, including recognizing the double standard with which Israel is treated at the UN, and his labeling as   the delegitimization of Israel’s right to exist. ” “We would have hoped that he would use this anniversary to address the Palestinian condition and call for peace and resolution in a   and historically accurate manner,” Greenblatt concluded. The UN coordinator for humanitarian aid and development also marked the 50th anniversary of the Six Day War by condemning Israel. “It should be obvious, but it bears repeating, that occupation is ugly,” Robert Piper said in a statement released Tuesday. “Living under foreign military rule for years on end, generates despair, suffocates initiative and leaves generations in a kind of political and economic limbo,” he said.",0
2063,Blue State Blues: The White House Loves the Russia ’Scandal’ - Breitbart,"The Trump White House seems quietly to be enjoying the Russia hacking “scandal. ”[Certainly it has its    frustrations, especially for Sean Spicer, who has to face the press corps and its obsession with meaningless minutiae.  But the joke is on the journalists. They are spending so much time on the   that they are missing what President Donald Trump is actually doing. He complains on Twitter about the coverage, but the truth is that the distraction is very useful. The “scandal” is no longer about Russia. Now it is about how House Intelligence Committee chair Devin Nunes ( ) found information backing up Trump’s claims that his team was under surveillance by the Obama administration. Was Nunes approached by whistleblowers who came to his congressional office? Or were the whistleblowers sent by the White House to Nunes? It makes no difference at all, but the media think they are onto something very important. CNN called it a “” without specifying what, exactly, Nunes was supposed to be “covering up. ” And the answer is: nothing. Even if  —   for argument’s sake  —   the White House had approached Nunes rather than the other way around, the worst that could be said about it is that Nunes behaved like a partisan Republican. If so, he is no more partisan than ranking member Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) who is abusing his position to launch conspiracy theories against the GOP. The core of Schiff’s case, as presented at the House Intelligence Committee last Monday, is a lie  —   namely, the false claim that the Republican Party altered its platform at the behest of Trump aides in order to appease the Russians. As Byron York of the Washington Examiner has demonstrated, the Republican platform was “was actually strengthened, not weakened” against Russia. Schiff is still pretending that some other evidence will emerge on   ties. But the idea Russia colluded with the Trump campaign is ludicrous, for three reasons. The first is there is no evidence whatsoever to support that claim. Obama’s own James Clapper and Mike Morell even said so  —   though it took Trump’s tweets about “wiretapping” to flush them out of hiding. Second, the Russians could not have known that Trump would win, and would not have targeted Clinton alone when it seemed that she could exact punishment once she took office. The third reason is that Hillary Rodham Clinton was arguably the most   official since Alger Hiss. From the Russian “reset,” to giving up missile defense, to the   New START treaty, to the uranium giveaway, to the loss of the Middle East, and to the loss of the Crimea (which happened on her successor’s watch, while she remained silent) Clinton ran the State Department almost like a   satellite. Indeed, if Donald Trump really wanted to appease Russian President Vladimir Putin, it would be hard to find anything left with which to appease him. The Russians saw Trump’s criticism of NATO as useful, and applauded him. But they likely preferred Clinton. Already, Trump has been much tougher on Russia than Obama ever was. From blasting Russia at the UN Security Council over the eastern Ukraine, to threatening to tear up the New START treaty, Trump has opposed Putin  —   and it shows. Trump foreign policy adviser Sebastian Gorka, formerly of Breitbart News, is also a vociferous critic of Russia. So the Russia “scandal” is much ado about nothing. But it keeps the media distracted from what Trump is really doing  —   such as taking a chainsaw to Obama’s regulations  —   and it keeps the Democrats from developing an actual message. The beauty of it all? Aside from Trump’s tweets, the media and the Democrats are creating this distraction themselves. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
2064,"Dave Chappelle Accused of Making ’Homophobic, Transphobic’ Jokes in Netflix Specials","Comedian Dave Chappelle’s highly anticipated   comedy comeback has sparked accusations of homophobia. [The comedian’s new Netflix specials, The Age of Spin: Live at the Hollywood Palladium and Deep in the Heart of Texas: Live at Austin City Limits, include jokes about homosexuality that have some social media users outraged.  One punchline that apparently rubbed fans the wrong way, according to at least one report, involved prison inmates performing oral sex: “L. G. B. T. Q?! I was like what the f*ck is the Q? Does that even make sense, Q? Turns out Q is like the vowels, that sh*t is sometimes ‘Y’. It’s for gay dudes that don’t really know they’re gay. you know what I mean. like prison f*gs who are like: “What I’m not gay n***a I’m just sucking these d*cks to pass the time. ” The former Comedy Central star also cracked jokes about Caitlyn Jenner and transgender people. “Whenever I see one of them Ts on the street I’m like ‘I don’t mind them but man I miss Bruce,’” he said to laughter from the audience. “I knew before you guys knew,” he says of Jenner’s sexuality. “I heard things on the street in Hollywood, you know you used to be out, see people: ‘Hey what’s up Kanye, why the long face?’ ‘N*gaa you’ll see, I’ve got two mother in laws now. ’” Outrage on social media over Chappelle’s jokes came swiftly: Dave Chappelle is a funny dude, but that homophobic and transphobic nonsense just derailed the whole thing for me. Major bummer.  —   KeenAnvil (@keenanvil) March 22, 2017,  Lots of weird, disappointing   in the Dave Chappelle Netflix tbqh,  —   Soma🌹 (@darkroomdoor) March 22, 2017,  But Chappelle’s material was homophobic and transphobic and involved rape culture. I’ve grown too much not to speak up about it now.  —   April (@ReignOfApril) March 22, 2017,  You can find Dave Chappelle funny and still say his homophobic behavior isn’t okay (as someone who has paid to see him, I would know)  —   ¯_( ツ) ¯ (@morganslegit) March 22, 2017,  Chappelle, for his part, had warned audiences during his special, saying “Ladies and gentleman, man the f*ck up or you’re not going to make it through this show. ” And some Twitter users downplayed the idea that the comedian’s set was offensive. Good lord people saying Dave Chappelle was trans or homophobic are fucking reaching. Does everyone just desperately need someone to hate on?  —   Angry CanadianGinger (@Weatherbee79) March 22, 2017,  Dave Chappelle’s comedy is refreshing.. I miss people saying whatever they want.  —   Sean The Triggerer (@SeanTheTerrible) March 22, 2017,  The Chappelle complaints kinda make me glad the greats like Pryor and Carlin never did a standup in the social media era.  —   Suge Night Shyamalan (@B_Effin_G) March 22, 2017,  Chappelle’s new comedy specials debuted on Netflix March 21, and a third special is slated for release on the streaming platform later this year.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
2065,"Five Illegal Aliens Arrested After Shooting Woman 13 Times, Say Police","Police in George, Washington State, have arrested five illegal aliens wanted in connection with the murder of a woman allegedly shot 13 times. [Investigators with the Grant County Sheriff’s Office working in connection with deputy U. S. Marshalls and the Interagency Narcotics Enforcement (INET) task force arrested five illegal aliens who allegedly murdered Jill Sundberg. The woman had been in an argument with one of the alleged shooters shortly before she was killed, KNDO NBC23 reported.  Sheriff’s officials reported the following arrests: • Gustavo Tapia Rodriguez, and alleged shooter, age 39, charged with murder in the first degree and kidnapping in the first degree• Ambrosio Mendez Villanueva, age 25, charged with murder in the first degree and kidnapping in the first degree• Julio Mendez Villanueva, age 25, charged with murder in the first degree and kidnapping in the first degree• Fernando Marcos Gutierrez, age 33, been charged with being a material witness along with immigration charges• Salvador Espinoz a Gomez, age 24, charged with being a material witness, and possession of a firearm, drug charges, as well as immigration charges. The Grant County Sheriff confirmed that all five were in the U. S. illegally, KHQ’s Patrick Erickson Tweeted. Witnesses told police Sundberg was arguing with Rodriguez on the evening of December 21. The report does not disclose what the argument was about. Shortly after the argument, Sundberg was kidnapped and taken to the location where her body was eventually discovered. “This was an immense collaborative effort between responding agencies,” Sheriff Tom Jones told reporters. “Our sincerest thanks to all and continued prayers to the Sundberg family for their senseless loss. ” The five arrested were seen leaving the RV park where the argument took place. Sundberg’s hands were allegedly being held behind her back by Varona, FiberOne reported. The suspects and the material witnesses drove her to a rest area alongside a highway, according to the police report. Varona was seen kicking the back of one of her legs, forcing her to the ground. Rodriguez then allegedly shot her at least 13 times in the head. After shooting the woman, Mendez Villenueva reportedly wrote a note in Spanish on a piece of carboard and placed it on her back. He secured the message in place by stabbing it into her back with a knife, the report obtained by FiberOne revealed. The group then fled the scene, traveling to a convenience store where they purchased some beer. The Pacific Northwest has experienced crime from foreign nationals in the past. Back in 2015, Breitbart Texas’    Brandon Darby reported how a massive methamphetamine drug operation was being run by a Mexican cartel throughout Oregon, California, and Texas. At the time, some 24 suspects were charged with their involvement in the cartel, and many were illegal immigrants. Sundberg’s body was found on December 22. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @. BobPriceBBTX. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
2066,This Is No ‘New Cold War’; It’s Far Worse Than That.,"Share This: Dispatches from Eric Zuesse World War III — the first (and final) nuclear war — has never been so likely as it is now. Crossposted at strategic-culture.org PHOTO ABOVE: George H.W. Bush: Because of this man’s duplicity and the malignancy of his breed the world could end up in a heap of radioactive ashes. This plutocrat—along with his ilk— is a traitor to the human race. Here is the reason why we are currently even closer to a civilization-ending nuclear war than was the case during the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962: During the Cold War, the two sides agreed that any war between the capitalist side and the communist side would escalate to nuclear war between the U.S. and the USSR and constitute Mutually Assured Destruction (M.A.D.). Therefore, because of this mutual acceptance of M.A.D., hot war didn’t develop during that entire period, from 1945 till the Soviet Union dissolved and ended its military alliance the Warsaw Pact, both of which ended in 1991. 
Throughout that 45-year period, called “the Cold War,” there was no hot war between the two nuclear superpowers, because both sides believed that any hot war would end in M.A.D. — mutual annihilation, and the end of civilization. It would end that way because any hot war between the two sides would terminate either in one side surrendering to the other, or else in at least one of the two sides (presumably to be started by the one that’s on the brink of defeat in the traditional hot war) nuclear-attacking the other (as being its only alternative to defeat). In other words, M.A.D. recognized and accepted the fact that for a nuclear power to attack a nuclear power with non-nuclear weaponry will almost certainly provoke a nuclear war at the moment when one of the two is losing (or about to lose) the conventional conflict to the other. Nuclear weapons are weapons of last resort, but they exist in order to prevent defeat. That’s what they exist for. If Japan had had deliverable nuclear weapons, then the end of World War II would have been considerably delayed. Japan would have lost because it had no allies, but the end of WW II would have been very different than it was. Only M.A.D. avoided the Cold War becoming a hot war. 
B ut M.A.D. is not just a physical reality but equally importantly a mutually-shared belief-system , a belief-system that becomes no longer operative if one of the two sides switches to believe that a way exists actually to win a nuclear war — in other words, to believe that conquest of a nuclear power by another nuclear power is a real possibility. During the years prior to 2006, there was an increasing though unspoken belief at the top of the U.S. aristocracy (the people who control the U.S. government — or at least have controlled it since 1981 ), that the United States would be able to win a nuclear war against Russia; and, suddenly, in 2006, the belief was published, and virtually no one who possessed power or influence challenged it; and, from that time forward, M.A.D. was ended on the American side, and nuclear weapons became, in the U.S., strategized within a new framework (called “nuclear primacy” ) — the framework of nuclear weapons as constituting the ultimate weapons of conquest by the U.S. government. A fter 1991, when the Warsaw Pact no longer existed, the U.S. military alliance NATO invited into its membership all of the former states of the USSR except Russia (thereby indicating NATO’s continuing hostility toward that particular nation and the fraudulence of NATO’s peace with it), and also invited in all of the USSR’s former Warsaw Pact allies, and so NATO (a now clearly anti-Russian, no longer at all anti-communist, alliance) has come to extend right up to Russia’s own borders — something that the U.S. had refused to allow the USSR to do to the U.S. in 1962, when the Soviet leader Khrushchev wanted to place nuclear missiles in Cuba just 90 miles from America’s border. 
I n the new era during which the U.S. government and its allies believe that nuclear primacy is about to be achieved, the framework in which the use of ‘nuclear primacy’ would be ‘justified’ is that, as soon as such ‘primacy’ is believed to have been obtained (such as by means of anti-ballistic missiles having been installed that would supposedly annihilate Russia’s nuclear arsenal before their warheads could even be released to retaliate against the U.S.-and-allied nuclear invasion), the U.S. side’s ‘defensive’ traditional-weapons invasion of Russia is being defeated by the Russians, and so the only way available to prevent the defeat of the U.S.-and-allied forces is by the use of nuclear weapons (the ‘taking-advantage’ of America’s ‘nuclear primacy’). That’s how the nuclear attack would be ’justified’, as a ‘necessary defensive response’ against Russia. 
C onsequently, in the current U.S.-NATO operation on and near Russia’s borders , the Alliance is starting the buildup of its traditional invasion forces. This includes even some U.S. allies that aren’t in NATO . The supposed ‘justification’ for this amassing of invasion-forces on Russia’s borders is to ‘defend’ against ‘Russia’s aggression’ when (in March 2014 just weeks after the bloody U.S. coup in Ukraine ) Russia enabled the residents of Crimea to rejoin Crimea as part of Russia, of which Crimea had been until the Soviet dictator Khrushchev arbitrarily transferred Crimea to Ukraine in 1954 . That disagreement (entirely hypocritical on the US/NATO side) about Crimea is the supposed root-cause for NATO’s involvement, even though Ukraine still isn’t (and previously didn’t want to be) a member of the NATO alliance. Anyway: this is the rationalization for NATO’s buildup toward what could become WW III. The cult film On the Beach (1959) addressed the issue of a terminal nuclear war between the USA and the Soviets. Hollywood at least had some semi-worthwhile artists working to alert humanity to the expanding insanity. Today the main fare is chauvinist vehicles and rank childish escapism. 
Ever since 19 February 2016, the U.S. has been storing tanks and artillery , sufficient “to support 15,000 Marines” in undisclosed “confidential” Norwegian caves. Norway has a 200-mile border with Russia. CNN’s news-report on that was accompanied by a video headlined “Russia Reveals Aggressive Military Plans” . It reported that Russia’s (democratically elected, though not mentioned as such) President, Vladimir Putin, was moving troops and weapons toward Norway’s border. (How would the U.S. respond if Russia were to be storing invasion-equipment and troops in Mexico near the U.S. border? Would the U.S. be moving troops and weapons near the Mexican border to protect against an invasion of America; and, if so, then how accurate would it be if Russia’s media then headlined “America Reveals Aggressive Military Plans”? Hitler’s Germany used those sorts of media-tactics, but this time Obama’s America is doing that.) Marine Corps Times headlined on October 24th, “More than 300 Marines heading to Norway in January” . … U.S. President Barack Obama means business: he’s getting things set up for Hillary Clinton to finish as his successor. This kind of boldness exceeds anything during the Cold War. … America, and its greatly expanded NATO, thus now surrounds Russia not just with its tanks etc., but with its missiles and bombers, on and near Russia’s borders, and so the flight-time from launch to the nuclear-bombing (if the ground-invasion of Russia encounters defeat) will be less than ten minutes, sometimes even less than the time for Russia to get its own missiles launched in retaliation against ours; and so a U.S. blitz nuclear attack against Russia could conceivably be an entirely one-sided war. Here is how that scenario — the end of physical M.A.D. — has actually become the objective sought by the U.S. government (and the necessary backstory for America’s war-drills on Russia’s borders): SANCTIMONIOUS EXCEPTIONALISM STRIKES AGAIN— Obviously the assumption is that the world has to trust America’s “inherent goodness” in its use of nuclear supremacy… In 2006, the U.S. aristocracy published in the journal Foreign Affairs, from their Council on Foreign Relations, the first article which said that the U.S. goal should no longer be a continuation of M.A.D., but instead “The Rise of U.S. Nuclear Primacy” , by which the U.S. aristocracy meant the rise of America’s ability to win a nuclear war against Russia. It established this stunning goal merely by saying that such an objective could be achieved and that it should be achieved, and by the article’s being published by the U.S. aristocracy itself (the people who control this country), and by furthermore the U.S. aristocracy not condemning and rejecting and repudiating it but simply letting that article stand with little to no public discussion (and no public debate) about it, much less with the chorus of public condemnations of it in the U.S. press, such as would have happened if America were a democracy — but this nation no longer is a democracy, it has become an aristocracy , and this aristocracy had now published the “Nuclear Primacy” article. (By contrast, in the obscure journal China Security was published in the Autumn 2006 issue the main critique against it, “The Fallacy of Nuclear Primacy” . That article had no impact.) The Foreign Affairs article even was so bold as to assert that “U.S. leaders have always aspired to this goal” (nuclear primacy) — a wild and unsupported allegation that’s not much different from alleging that not only George W. Bush but all U.S. Presidents after World War II were aspiring to have the ability to conquer Russia (and the authors were asserting that only now was this supposedly terrific ability coming within reach). It was explicit about G.W. Bush’s having this desire: “The intentional pursuit of nuclear primacy is, moreover, entirely consistent with the United States’ declared policy of expanding its global dominance. The Bush administration’s 2002 National Security Strategy explicitly states that the United States aims to establish military primacy.” That allegation was tragically true, which is one of the reasons why Bush (like his father, who actually started the determined policy to achieve nuclear primacy) was so dangerous and harmful a President. His invasion of Iraq was merely a symptom of that deeper disease. … And, so, this article about “The Rise of U.S. Nuclear Primacy” and “The End of” M.A.D., was now — since it was published by the CFR and not rejected by any influential group — accepted within the U.S. as a goal, “Nuclear Primacy,” which the U.S. government could and should strive for. That idea, of a winnable nuclear war (winnable by the U.S., of course), was no longer heretical, no longer viewed as repugnant. In fact, this article had been introduced and accepted by Harvard University simultaneously in its longer form and simultaneously published by their scholarly journal International Security , which is the leading (it’s the world’s most influential) scholarly journal dealing with that subject, and its title there was “The End of MAD?” . (The periods are customarily removed from the acronym “M.A.D.”, perhaps in order to associate the M.A.D. concept with the pejorative term, insanity. So — at least in the United States — the termination of M.A.D. has always had a favorable ring to it, even before that goal became effectively U.S. policy, which it has been at least ever since 2006.) And no one was saying that Harvard and its journal and the CFR were the ones who were at all “mad” or anything similar, such as “insane.” 
The aristocracy’s stamp of approval upon the concept of nuclear primacy was clear, from at least 2006 on. Although M.A.D. continued as regards Russia’s side, it no longer remained operative thinking on America’s side. That’s now clear, and this is Russia’s predicament — and the world’s (because a nuclear war involving even just one of the two nuclear superpowers would destroy the world ). … 
U.S. President Barack Obama is putting the goal of nuclear primacy into place, starting with implementation of Ronald Reagan’s proposed “Star Wars” Anti-Ballistic Missile (ABM) defense system, now called the Ballistic Missile Defense (BMD) system, and technically called by the name of its current embodiment: Lockheed Martin’s, Boeing’s, and Raytheon’s, Aegis Ashore system, which Obama first made operational in Romania on 12 May 2016 . It’s designed so as to enable a surprise nuclear attack against Russia in which any missiles that Russia might be able to launch in retaliation will supposedly (if the system works 100%) be annihilated during their launch-phase. Officially , however, its purpose is to defend Europe from being attacked by Iranian missiles. Any public U.S. admission that this ‘defensive’ system is actually preparation for a blitz U.S. nuclear assault on Russia is obviously out of the question. And, obviously, Russians know that Obama is lying and that this is preparation by the U.S. for a blitz nuclear attack against Russia. The West’s ‘news’ media might be such ‘fools’ as not to be aware of that fact, but Putin has made quite clear that he is not, and he is preparing Russia to deal with it. O bama’s action here was made possible by U.S. President George W. Bush’s 2002 unilateral termination of the 1972 Anti-Ballistic-Missile Treaty with Russia’s predecessor, the Soviet Union. Bush rushed forward with Reagan’s “Star Wars” program even despite there having been no successful tests of the necessary technology: the existing technology consistently failed but Bush decided to invest $53 billion of U.S. taxpayers’ money in it . Bush in 2004 received British Prime Minister Tony Blair’s participation and provisioning of locations and facilities to implement the plan , and Bush was also pressing both Poland and the Czech Republic to allow the U.S. to position ABMs there . Obama came into office criticizing the ABM plan and pretending not to be hostile toward Russia. He deceived Vladimir Putin into thinking that Obama sincerely wanted to pursue peace and cooperation with Russia. As soon as Obama became re-elected, his verbal smiling teeth immediately became actual glaring fangs. Then, soon after his regime overthrew in a bloody February 2014 coup the Moscow-friendly democratically elected President of Ukraine, bordering Russia , Russia started in the summer of 2014 to ignore the 1987 Intermediate Nuclear Forces Treaty, because for Washington the next step (beyond Ukraine) clearly now would be Moscow and so all bets were off. The installation of the Aegis Ashore in Romania likewise violates that Treaty , which is one important reason why Obama lies to say that all of the Aegis Ashore facilities will be targeted against Iran — and maybe also North Korea — but never against Russia. … The full Aegis Ashore system, which will require several such sites, isn’t yet operational. NATO’s PR-arm the Atlantic Council, has mentioned among the Aegis Ashore’s benefits, that for the next such site, in Poland, “Poland announced in late April that it would buy eight Patriot missile batteries from Virginia-based Raytheon Co. in a deal that could generate at least $2.5 billion in US export content.” The U.S. government officials and their friends who have invested in Raytheon and the other ‘defense’ firms didn’t need to be informed of this by any PR person. They already knew of it from more reliable sources, and perhaps they even have invested in nuclear bunkers for themselves and their friends and their friends’ friends . Lots of money is changing hands during this build-up. … Also in 2006, later in that year, specifically on 18 November 2006, was published at Global Research, which is an independent Canadian online international site dealing with geostrategy, a superb summary of the connection that this plan has to America’s string of invasions in the Middle East. It’s titled “Plans for Redrawing the Middle East: The Project for a ‘New Middle East’,” by Mahdi Darius Nazemroaya, who explains: … It should be noted that in his book, “The Grand Chessboard: American Primacy and Its Geo-strategic Imperatives,” Zbigniew Brzezinski, a former U.S. National Security Advisor, alluded to the modern Middle East as a control lever of an area he, Brzezinski, calls the Eurasian Balkans. The Eurasian Balkans consists of the Caucasus (Georgia, the Republic of Azerbaijan, and Armenia) and Central Asia (Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Afghanistan, and Tajikistan) and to some extent both Iran and Turkey. Iran and Turkey both form the northernmost tiers of the Middle East (excluding the Caucasus4) that edge into Europe and the former Soviet Union. The Map of the “New Middle East” 
A relatively unknown map of the Middle East, NATO-garrisoned Afghanistan, and Pakistan has been circulating around strategic, governmental, NATO, policy and military circles since mid-2006. It has been casually allowed to surface in public, maybe in an attempt to build consensus and to slowly prepare the general public for possible, maybe even cataclysmic, changes in the Middle East. This is a map of a redrawn and restructured Middle East identified as the “New Middle East.” 
MAP OF THE NEW MIDDLE EAST Note: The following map was prepared by Lieutenant-Colonel Ralph Peters. It was published in the Armed Forces Journal in June 2006, Peters is a retired colonel of the U.S. National War Academy. (Map Copyright Lieutenant-Colonel Ralph Peters 2006). Although the map does not officially reflect Pentagon doctrine, it has been used in a training program at NATO’s Defense College for senior military officers. This map, as well as other similar maps, has most probably been used at the National War Academy as well as in military planning circles. … Brzezinski’s advocacy of “American Primacy” fits perfectly with the aristocracy’s support of “Nuclear Primacy,” and appeared eight years before it. His 1998 book was seminal also in many other ways. And, as that Nazemroaya article made clear, Brzezinski’s plan was already being put into effect by the U.S. government, even before 2006. … However, the person who actually made the seminal decision behind all of this, the decision to conquer Russia, was U.S. President George Herbert Walker Bush, on the night of 24 February 1990, just before the Soviet Union ended. He was the person who decided that after the USSR and its Warsaw Pact terminated, NATO would continue that cold war until Russia has been surrounded by U.S. allies, who are Russia’s enemies, when Russia will ultimately either surrender or else be destroyed by the U.S. and its friends. … Even if Russia assumes that any such nuclear war would be M.A.D., the government of the U.S. no longer does. That’s Russia’s predicament — and the world’s . … However, military planners in the U.S. and its vassal nations, do not include in their calculations the world: the impacts that such nuclear winter and all the rest will have if their dream of ‘nuclear primacy’ amounts to anything more than merely the vicious hoax that it is. This fact, of their ignoring the world, is scandalous — against our military planners. They are so obsessed with ‘victory’, that they are willing to participate in this false and potentially mega-catastrophic dream, of ‘nuclear primacy’. … Unless and until nuclear weapons are totally eliminated (which might never happen), their constructive function, of preventing WW III, must continue, not end as a result of ‘nuclear primacy’ and other such lies and delusions. However, the ‘news’ media, especially in ‘The West’, are not pointing out those lies and distortions, but instead reinforcing them. … If there is to be a WW III, it will end the world . That is the key fact, which is ignored by ‘The West’s’ military planners. [And the media prostitutes that serve the American empire’s criminal objectives.] … NATO needs to end now, just as the Warsaw Pact did in 1991 — when an indecent, oligarchic , ‘The West’ —continued the Cold War despite the Warsaw Pact’s end, and now is making it hot. About the author    ",0
2067,"This City Is 78% Latino, and the Face of a New California - The New York Times","SANTA ANA, Calif.  —   Vicente Sarmiento remembers when the local Republican Party here posted uniformed guards at polling stations in a closely fought State Assembly race three decades ago and they hoisted signs in English and Spanish warning that noncitizens were prohibited from voting. The guards were removed after state elections officials threatened legal action. Such tactics would never take place today in this city 35 miles southeast of Los Angeles, where Mr. Sarmiento is now the mayor pro tem. All seven members of the City Council, including Mr. Sarmiento, are Latino, as are 78 percent of the 343, 000 people who live here. (Leer en español) » These days, Santa Ana stands as the face of a new California, a state where Latinos have more influence in everyday life  —   electorally, culturally and demographically  —   than almost anywhere else in the country. There are limits to the transformation here, both in economics, where Latinos still lag far behind the state as a whole, and in politics, where remarkable gains in Latino power have not yet translated to the most powerful statewide offices. But the Latino progress in this state offers a glimpse of how much of the country will probably look in coming decades. Immigrants living illegally in California are entitled to driver’s licenses. Their children can receive   health insurance. Local law enforcement officials generally do not provide information to federal immigration authorities, as they do in many other parts of the country. On a smaller, if no less symbolic, level, the first thing the Santa Ana City Council did when it went   in 2006 was pass a law requiring simultaneous translation of all of its meetings to Spanish. “There is now  —   unlike before  —   a comfort level with knowing there’s a lot of Latinos living here and Latino leadership here,” said Mr. Sarmiento, 52, sitting in the law office he keeps in his house. The signs of demographic and political change are everywhere in a city that is an easy   drive from Disneyland. The historic downtown is clustered around what the official city map calls “Fourth Street,” but everyone here knows as “Calle Cuatro. ” A twirl of the dial on a car radio reveals a choice of   stations. The sidewalks of Calle Cuatro are lined with stands selling churritos and tostilocos. “There’s no attempt to whitewash the city anymore,” said Aurelia Rivas, 26, a student working at her parents’ fruit and snack stand one afternoon. Referring to the annual Day of the Dead celebration, she added, “It’s like everyone knows that Día de los Muertos is going to be just as big and important of a celebration as the Fourth of July. ” The power and presence of Latinos in this community in Orange County  —   itself once a bastion of Republicanism  —   is echoed up and down the California coast. Latinos now make up just under 40 percent of the state’s population, projected to increase to 47 percent by 2050. The leaders of both houses of the Legislature are Latino, as is the secretary of state, the current mayor of Los Angeles and the previous mayor. More than 25 percent of Latino voters in the nation live in California, said Mark Hugo Lopez, the director of Hispanic research at the Pew Research Center. There are 1, 377 Latinos holding state, local and federal office in California, second only to Texas. But Hispanics in Texas are overwhelmingly Democrats in a state dominated by Republicans. In California, the Democrats are solidly in control, and Hispanics are a crucial and growing part of their base and help explain why Hillary Clinton has a huge advantage over Donald J. Trump. “Over the last 10 years, we have really solidified the power, especially in the Legislature,” said Lorena Gonzalez, a Democratic member of the State Assembly from San Diego. “People are more afraid of being seen as not supporting Latinos than supporting them. You see this most clearly with the rhetoric of Republicans here  —   they are falling all over themselves to support Latino candidates. ” The limits to the gains can be glaring, too. The Latino unemployment rate in California was at 6. 7 percent in August, compared to 5. 5 percent overall. More than 23 percent of Latinos in the state live below the poverty level, significantly higher than the 16 percent overall. The disparities are shown in education, as well: 8 percent of Latinos 25 years old or older have bachelor’s degrees, compared to 20 percent overall. And 42 percent of Latino households own their home, well below the statewide homeownership figure of 54 percent. “Latino political power is not the panacea nor does it equate to instant gains overall or lifting people out of poverty,” said Kevin de León, a Democrat and the leader of the State Senate. “The fact that we have political power, I think, means we’ve started that journey. ” Prominent Latinos say that even though the climate has changed markedly, they still encounter reminders of lingering prejudice: in the way some feel they are treated by the police or are scrutinized as they travel through wealthier and whiter parts of Orange County. Anthony Rendon, the Democratic Assembly speaker, said that prejudice can include dismissive stereotypes about Latinos in politics. “There’s a tendency to think that I am only going to focus on certain types of issues, that I am only going to focus on certain types of population,” Mr. Rendon said. “It’s sometimes a surprise that I am concerned about environmental issues. ” And the political successes have their limits. There have only been two Latinos elected to statewide office in California’s modern history, including the current secretary of state, Alex Padilla. Mr. Padilla said the absence of Latinos in statewide elected posts reflected the challenges of running in a state as large as California, rather than evidence of   sentiment. “We’re past that,” he said. “California is a big state. It’s a populous state. It’s difficult and expensive to run in. ” One lingering issue is voting rules. Although Santa Ana has an   City Council, there are no Latino Council members in neighboring Anaheim, even though the city is almost half Latino. Anaheim, like several other communities, elects its Council at large, rather than by district, which tends to put Latinos, who turn out smaller numbers than the general electorate, at a disadvantage. Still, job postings across California routinely require applicants to speak Spanish. Mayor Eric Garcetti of Los Angeles, who is fluent in Spanish, said he makes a point at news conferences of setting aside time to speak to   media. “We are well past the tipping point  —   everywhere,” Mr. Garcetti said. “The shift within 20 years from being the most   state to being the most embracing state for the integration of immigrants has been pretty breathtaking. ” When Cruz Bustamante, a former lieutenant governor, ran for governor in 2003, he came under fire because he would not renounce ties to a Chicano student group, Mecha, or Movimiento Estudiantil Chicano de Atzlan. “That would just not happen now,” Ms. Gonzalez of the State Assembly said. In Santa Ana, the change has stirred debate over what Latino lawmakers should do with their power, and the challenges of dealing with a new minority  —    . About 9 percent of residents here are white, 10 percent are Asian and 1 percent are  . “We also have to be sensitive to   voters,” said Miguel Pulido, the mayor, whose family immigrated from Mexico City in 1961. “We have a case now when the majority became the minority. ’’ But Michele Martinez, a Santa Ana councilwoman since 2007, said the City Council has not done enough to promote the city’s Latino identity. “A lot of my friends, my colleagues, they grew up here in a time when they weren’t allowed to speak Spanish,” she said. “Well, now we’re more than allowed, but we don’t throw it in your face. We’re a little reluctant to be seen as too Latino, and I don’t get that. ” She has tried without success to persuade her colleagues to funnel more money to a local Mexican cultural and art center and help fund the center’s annual Día de los Muertos celebration. This year, local activists pressed the Council to end a longstanding contract with federal immigration authorities to house immigrants who entered the country illegally in the city jail. While the Council voted to phase the contract out over years, Ms. Martinez was the only Council member who voted to end the contract immediately. Mr. Sarmiento argued that one sign of Latinos’ growing power is that elected officials are moving on to broader issues. “We as an   City Council are probably no different from an   Council in that sense that we both want good things for our communities,” he said. “We all want better schools. We all want improved public safety. ” Many date the beginnings of California’s political transformation to a 1994 initiative, pressed by the Republican governor at the time, Pete Wilson, to cut off benefits to immigrants here illegally. The tone of that campaign  —   which many Democrats and Republicans say has been echoed by the appeal of Mr. Trump in this year’s presidential race  —   had the effect of energizing Latino voters and placing this state decisively in the Democratic column. “California has come a long way since then,” Mr. Padilla said. “Political opinion has come a long way since then. Public policy has come a long way from there. I hope the rest of the country will follow that soon. ”",0
2068,Prof Michel Chossudovsky discusses Hillary Clinton’s foreign policy & emerging nuclear risks,"
21st Century Wire says… 
Amid great mainstream media and Democratic Party fanfare, Hillary Clinton’s candidacy has been based on a claim she is “most experienced” candidate in history, and highlighting her foreign policy record in particular. What would a Clinton foreign policy really look like? 
On Episode #158 of the SUNDAY WIRE, host Patrick Henningsen spoke with a special guest, Professor Michel Chossudovsky , founder & editor of www.globalresearch.ca about ‘Hillary’s hawks’ and what a Clinton presidency will look like in terms of US-backed wars around the globe, as well as Washington’s current fetish with ‘sustainable’ nuclear conflicts. 
Listen to this excellent discussion: 
. 
READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files 
SUPPORT 21WIRE – SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
2069,"After Trump Win, Mexico Issues Statement on Trump Wall… Sounds Like They’re Pleading | RedFlag News","
CONSERVATIVE TRIBUNE 
President-elect Donald Trump ran for office on a promise of securing the nation’s southern border, partially through the construction of a border wall, with the added caveat that Mexico would somehow pay for it . 
The Mexican government has consistently stated that it had no intention of paying for any such wall, and it didn’t waste any time after Trump’s victory to reiterate that. 
According to Newsmax , Mexico’s foreign minister made clear that paying for a border wall was not on her country’s agenda. 
“Paying for a wall is not part of our vision,” said Foreign Minister Claudia Ruiz Massieu to a local television station. 
Ruiz Massieu added that her government had remained in contact with Trump’s campaign team ever since his much-discussed visit to Mexico in August. 
“There has been a fluid, daily communication with different members of the campaign,” she stated. 
Obviously Trump and the Mexican government don’t see eye to eye on this issue at the moment, but with the admission that the two sides are talking on a regular basis, it stands to reason that something could be worked out. 
Considering how adamant Trump has been about building the wall and having Mexico pay for it in some way, he may just need to be a bit more persuasive with Mexican leaders to help them adjust their “vision” to include a border wall. ",0
2070,Träumt Russland heimlich von der Sowjetunion?,"sowjetunion Möchte Moskau die Sowjetunion wiederauferstehen lassen? Quelle:Panthermedia / Vostock-photo 
Führende Experten des politischen Lebens, die von Montag bis Donnerstag am Waldai-Klub in Sotschi teilnahmen, diskutierten die aktuelle russische Außenpolitik und verglichen sie mit jener der Sowjetunion. Derzeit würden dem modernen Russland sowjetische Ambitionen nachgesagt. Vor diesem Hintergrund versuchten die Experten, die wichtigsten Mythen über die sowjetische Vergangenheit aufzulisten und die Zukunft Russlands vorherzusagen. Der Zerfall der Sowjetunion war nicht prädestiniert 
“Ich glaube, dass der Zerfall der Sowjetunion 1991 vermeidbar war. Es gab genauso gute Gründe, warum sie hätte weiterexistieren können”, sagte Robert Legwold, Ehrenprofessor des Lehrstuhls für Politikwissenschaft an der Columbia University und ehemaliger Leiter der Euro-Atlantic Security Initiative. Laut Legwold lasse sich der Zerfall nicht hundertprozentig auf einen bestimmten Grund zurückführen: Weder politische oder wirtschaftliche Probleme, noch das Streben der Völker nach Unabhängigkeit könnten dieses Phänomen erklären. Wandmosaiken: Ikonen der Sowjetzeit in Russlands Städten “In Russland ist die Meinung verbreitet, dass die Sowjetunion von außen zerstört wurde”, erklärte Andrej Zygankow, Professor am Lehrstuhl für Politikwissenschaft und Internationale Beziehungen der San Francisco State University, im Interview mit RBTH. Diese Meinung werde auch dadurch gerechtfertigt, dass sich die wirtschaftliche Situation 1988 verbessert habe, sagte Zygankow. “Eine andere Politik hätte die Situation ändern können”, vermutet der Experte. „Russland ist mit sich selbst beschäftigt“ 
Aber noch interessanter sei die Tatsache, dass man dem modernen Russland die Methoden der sowjetischen Außenpolitik zuschreibe, so Zygankow. “Das ist aber Schnee von gestern”, glaubt auch Richard Sakwa, Professor für russische und europäische Politik an der University of Kent, zu. Man liege falsch, wenn man jede Aktivität Russlands im postsowjetischen Raum als Versuch betrachte, die Sowjetunion wiederzubeleben, sagt der Experte. 
Das moderne Russland habe nicht die Absicht, benachbarte Länder in einen neuen Kalten Krieg zu verwickeln, meint Legwold. Russland wolle genau wie jeder andere Staat auch seinen Einfluss auf Entscheidungen in der Region wahren, wann immer die eigenen Interessen betroffen seien, so der Experte. Genau deswegen sei Russland für den Westen keine potenzielle Gefahr. John Mearsheimer, Professor an der University of Chicago, stimmte zu und sagte, Russland sei derzeit mit der Verbesserung der eigenen wirtschaftlichen und demografischen Situation beschäftigt. Russische Politik ist eine Antwort auf die USA 
Die Experten erklären die Kritik an den Integrationsinitiativen Russlands damit, dass diese Initiativen den westlichen Glauben an die alternativlose moderne Weltordnung ins Wanken brächten. „Das vom Westen nach 1991 aufgebaute, universelle System versucht, den politischen Raum weltweit zu homogenisieren. Die Entwicklung der Brics-Staaten sowie die Ausweitung anderer Initiativen ist ein Zeichen dafür, dass es Alternativen gibt und die monopolare Weltordnung der Vergangenheit angehört”, sagte Sakwa. Das Erbe der Sowjetunion Dabei habe Russland nicht die Absicht, der westlichen Welt eine alternative Weltordnung zu präsentieren, meinen die Experten. Man sei überzeugt, dass russische außenpolitische Initiativen, darunter auch eine engere Zusammenarbeit mit China, eine Folge der amerikanischen und europäischen Politik gegenüber Russland seien. “Russland gibt in der Regel eine Antwort auf amerikanische Handlungen. Es sind die Amerikaner, die Russland motivieren, sich in Richtung Chinas zu bewegen. Das ist jedoch nicht im Interesse der USA, oder?”, fragte Mearsheimer.
Solange Russland und der Westen einander als Aggressoren und Welteroberer betrachteten, werde es keine Normalisierung der Beziehungen und keine gegenseitig vorteilhafte Zusammenarbeit geben, sind sich die Experten einig. Alle Rechte vorbehalten",0
2071,"Rodrigo Duterte, Philippine President, Links 150 Public Servants to Drugs - The New York Times","MANILA  —   The Philippines’ new president, Rodrigo Duterte, on Sunday publicly accused scores of judges, mayors, lawmakers, military personnel and police officers of involvement with the illegal drug trade, giving them 24 hours to surrender for investigation or, he said, be “hunted” down. Mr. Duterte rejected calls last week from international human rights groups to observe due process in the war he has declared on both sellers and users of illicit drugs, after a photograph of a drug user shot and killed by vigilantes made it to the front pages and became a symbol for the bloody antidrug campaign. “I ordered the listing. I ordered the validation,” he said Sunday in a nationally televised speech at a naval base, referring to the roughly 150 people he mentioned by name. “I’m the one reading it, and I am the sole person responsible for these all. ” He said the accused “are hereby ordered relieved” of their duties, and he indicated that he was only fulfilling a campaign promise to be harsh. Some of those on his list are local politicians whom he said he knew personally. He also said the officials and others on his list should no longer be allowed to have permits for guns and other weapons. “I’m ordering the national police chief to lift police supervision and cancel any and all private arms that are licensed to these mayors I mentioned,” he said. “They are all canceled. Go out naked to the world and show how crooked you are. ” “All of you judges or whatever, you report to the Supreme Court,” Mr. Duterte added. “Policemen, you report to the police chief. And army, to the chief of staff. ” “You do not do that, I will order the armed forces of the Philippines and the entire P. N. P. to hunt for you,” he said, using the initials of the Philippine National Police. He did not say what evidence he had used as a basis for his accusations, acknowledging that “it might be true, it might not be true. ” But in response to groups that had cautioned him not to trample on individuals’ rights, he said that if those he named were charged in court, they would receive due process. “Due process has nothing to do with my mouth,” Mr. Duterte said. “There are no proceedings here, no lawyers. ” He said he wanted the Philippine people, especially those who voted for him in May, to know what was happening in the country. And he insisted that he did not care what the people would say, daring politicians critical of him to remove him from office. “It’s very important for the people to know the state of things or conditions in this country,” he said. “That is my sworn duty. ” The president contended, as he had before, that drug abuse and the drug trade were “pandemic” in the Philippines. He said the nation’s Drug Enforcement Agency had estimated that 3 percent of the population, or three million of the 100 million Filipinos, were addicted to drugs and that 92 percent of villages in metropolitan Manila had been “contaminated with drug use. ” He also claimed that as many as 600, 000 people were both using and selling drugs. Mr. Duterte promised police officers that he would have their back if they faced human rights charges in connection with carrying out his antidrug campaign. He recalled that when he was mayor of the southern city of Davao, his standing order to the police was to be quick on the draw and shoot suspects on sight. “I told police then that I will kick them if they are writhing in pain if I see them get shot,” he said. “Why were you beaten to the draw? That ain’t the way. Illegal? No, of course not. ” In the month since Mr. Duterte took office, more than 400 people suspected of dealing drugs have been killed, either by the police or by vigilantes. About 600, 000 people have surrendered to the police. In a statement issued after Mr. Duterte’s speech, Franklin M. Drilon, the president pro tempore of the Senate, said, “I strongly support President Duterte’s antidrug campaign, but due process and the rule of law must be dutifully upheld. ” “I urged the president that if there is evidence that these officials were involved in the drug trade, he should immediately charge them administratively or in court,” Mr. Drilon said. “There should be no shortcuts. ”",0
2072,’The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild’ Review: A Creative and Masterful Open-World Adventure - Breitbart,"The latest chapter in the Legend of Zelda series is a masterclass in elegant design, filled with interlocking gameplay systems wrapped in a gorgeous aesthetic and played over one of the most endearing worlds Nintendo has ever created.[  No matter its faults, The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is a masterpiece. It is not a flawless gem, but it remains so brilliant as to stand head and shoulders above most of the best games of the decade, let alone the year. Breath of the Wild takes place in the land of Hyrule, in one of the biggest and most universally traversable maps ever created for a game, let alone the Zelda series. The game borrows heavily from the preponderance of other   titles but seasons it with that distinct Nintendo flavor. You play as Link, the fabled hero and dauntless rescuer of Princess Zelda, and roam the land, serving its people and uniting its nations, gaining strength for your inevitable battle against series antagonist Ganon. And while the broad strokes of the story may feel intimately familiar, there is character and depth lurking beneath the surface that consistently impressed me. Whether you’re running, sliding, climbing, or riding, exploring the environment is a constant joy. The gameworld is speckled with countless shrines each one is an environmental puzzle, and they come in wildly varying degrees of complexity that will challenge you to learn the ways to manipulate the game’s systems in order to succeed.  And there are a lot of systems. At any given moment, your gameplay will be influenced by your weapons, armor, cooked meals, elixirs, the time of day, the region you’re in, the weather, the temperature, and the multitude of boulders, logs, and other objects around which you will have to strategize to emerge from combat victorious and solve a wealth of puzzles. It’s as complex and involved as it sounds, but even more fun. That’s the thing, really. It’s almost impossible to find something in Breath of the Wild that isn’t fun. Even the activities that would serve as mindless filler in other games feel fresh and fun because of just how dynamic the world itself can be. This is how you build an open world. You won’t just want to go back to the game, you’ll want to go back to Hyrule itself. That in itself is a tremendous accomplishment and cannot be overstated. Even the elementary core of Breath of the Wild‘s combat feels great. It is simple yet responsive, a tangle of the typical dodging and striking with all manner of more creative approaches. Once again, swiping your weapon is far from the only way to handle a situation. Want to attach a dozen balloons to a raft, float it over a bokoblin encampment, then shoot the balloons to crush them? Go for it. Or roll a boulder over them. Or set everything on fire and mop up the charred foes that survived.  Roll some boulders and then freeze time and climb atop one for the ride. Rain explosive arrow hellfire on enemies below from your glider. Chop down massive trees onto your foes. Lure them to a bomb beside the edge of a cliff. The nature of the game is so dynamic as to not only allow these scenarios  —   and many, many more  —   but to reward you for them, and sometimes even, at times, expect this type of creative thinking from the player. The tools you need to succeed are always at your disposal, and the game expects you to exploit them in ways that most games are mortally terrified of allowing. Breath of the Wild doesn’t just give you permission, it revels in the possibilities. Breath of the Wild is also home to an absolutely massive cast of characters, and all of them have something to say. Whether they’re sending you on one of the dozens of sidequests you’ll encounter or just making conversation, the cast is endearing almost to a fault. Even the most seemingly unimportant character might carry a vital clue to one of the myriad mysteries hidden in every conceivable corner of Hyrule. None of the game’s writing is especially elegant on its own, but Breath of the Wild commits so fervently to it that it remains difficult to keep from being drawn in. It’s a study in earnest storytelling that makes up for lack of technique with sheer enthusiasm. The soundtrack is also predictably stirring, whimsical, and epic by turns.  All of these characters populate a breathtaking world. Breath of the Wild is a game that may not stand beside the technical wizardry of other games in this generation, but it leverages its art direction to stunning effect.   textures and simple geometry don’t stand up to close inspection, but the raw sense of scale and organic design are quite simply unmatched by just about anything else in gaming. I spent a couple of hours just searching for my ideal horse and cooking up meals that would give me the stamina to tame her. Even the horses have different personalities, and some require more effort to bond than others, even after they are saddled and registered at the local stable. Another time, I inadvertently spent an entire   night chasing fireflies through the depths of a misty forest. There are mountains to climb, with warm clothes and spicy food to keep you from becoming a  . It’s easy to become lost in this game, in the very best of ways.  The game’s systems aren’t universally fun. Specifically, the weapon durability mechanic in Breath of the Wild sabotages its otherwise stellar sense of immersion for the sake of mandating a certain style of play. Rather than encouraging the player to use the vast array of entertaining combat options available, the   durability of every weapon in the game outright forces constant inventory management in the midst of even the most    encounters. Sometimes the solutions you find to dealing with your fragile arsenal in the midst of this can be enjoyable, but it’s just as often a source of irritation. It’s a design decision that could have been a benefit to the gameplay had it been implemented with more restraint. As it stands, it feels too much as if it’s haranguing the players into   largely forgettable items just so they can make it to their next objective alive. Regardless of creative design surrounding those items, you are never permitted to become attached to them because each one is so necessarily disposable. If they had differentiated each weapon less by the damage it does and focused more on individual utility, they could have accomplished the same philosophical objective without excising the personal attachment and sense of accomplishment that comes with item collection done right.  For example, you cannot wear metal if you’re going to run around in a thunderstorm unless you prefer your Link   by lightning. That means the primitive wood and bone weapons of the goblinoid enemies are necessary to keep with you for when you’re caught in the wilderness and a storm rolls through. It’s a simple mechanic that makes it useful to keep less efficient items around, just in case. I don’t need my sword to break in half after a dozen swings to encourage that type of flexibility there is already a fun and organic reason for me to vary my equipment. Pepper in some varying damage types along with the attack variety and capable artificial intelligence the game already uses, and you could preserve all of the good parts of the system with little to none of the bad. The other major criticism I have is a technical one. Performance, for the most part, is just plain bad. The game runs poorly on both the Wii U and the Switch, clawing for more processing power that neither console possesses. I cannot help but feel that the game would have attained virtual perfection had Nintendo shifted its focus to developing its universally acclaimed software on more capable hardware. Both versions of the game are functionally identical, with just a slightly higher resolution differentiating them. This is a game that could certainly sell the Nintendo Switch, but if you have a Wii U there isn’t an especially compelling motivation to upgrade consoles for this game. Even compared side by side, the differences are rarely noticeable.  But in the end, none of this criticism feels like it matters. Breath of the Wild gets almost everything else right, and everything outside of its technical shortcomings are subjective disagreements in design that still can’t manage to hold back an enormous, thrilling, and utterly charming experience that absolutely no one should miss. For all its flaws, The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is gaming at its best. Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both.",0
2073,Pelosi: ’I Think the Press Were Accomplices in the Undermining of Our Election’ - Breitbart,"Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) passed blame on to the press for giving attention to revelations uncovered by WikiLeaks, which made public emails by top Clinton aide John Podesta and the Democratic National Committee.  When asked by host Jake Tapper if   Barack Obama could have done more to strike back against Russia, who is widely believed to be responsible for the WikiLeaks material, Pelosi called the press “accomplices. ” “Well, I think that President Obama handled it as he received information of that  —   of the highest confidence,” she said. “I do think, with all due respect in the world for the press, that the press could have done a better job, instead of printing every email that came out, and saying this comes to you from Vladimir Putin, they were, hah, hah, hah, John Podesta said this or that. I think the press were accomplices in the undermining of our election by the Russians by not pointing out this stuff is worthless because it comes from an undermining of our election, or at least reminding the public where this  —   these emails, the leaking of these emails came from. So, I can’t speak to the timing of what President Obama said. I wish he  —   it had all happened in a time where the public could know that this had an impact on the election. A lot of things have an impact on the election. This certainly was one of them. “So, I can’t speak to the timing of what President Obama said. I wish he  —   it had all happened in a time where the public could know that this had an impact on the election,” Pelosi continued. “A lot of things have an impact on the election. This certainly was one of them. But what’s important to note is that it doesn’t happen again and that people in other countries are  —   realize what they are going to be susceptible to when the Russians come in to undermine their elections. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
2074,7 Reasons Trump Supporters are Making ‘Fox News is Imploding’ All the Rage on Twitter,"One argument Trump supporters and conservatives are making is that there has been a lefward shift at Fox News. 3. TrumpTV @ShaneKPolitics Breitbart & alt-right is laying the groundwork for TrumpTV so naturally they’re throwing FoxNews under the bus. 
— ErciTall Vote4HRC (@ercitall) October 28, 2016 
As mentioned in a recent story about Megyn Kelly on The Wildfire, if TrumpTV becomes a reality, a media war will loom over who is the real “conservative” leader in cable news. Prepping the terrain would mean starting to carve out a hard right audience and yank it away from Fox News. 4. Ailes Departure Fox News ‘Imploding’ probably has more to do with Roger Ailes leaving than Trump. It was founded as the news arm of the GOP. (Not kidding.) 
— Dave Wollyung (@daveisnotfunny) October 28, 2016 
Since Ailes has stepped down, there are two interim co-presidents at Fox News: Bill Shine and Jack Aberneth. As reported by The Hollywood Reporter, it is believed by some that CNN’s Jeff Zucker could be in line to fill Ailes’ shoes, due to a merger between AT&T and Time Warner. 5. Murdoch Sons Total agree Fox News Imploding. The network has taken a left turn since the Murdoch sons took the reins. 
— DJ Ellis (@Djell4jc) October 28, 2016 “I think it is fair to say the Fox News Channel is imploding,” Levin said. “I think it is fair to say the Murdoch… https://t.co/QSrxbRrrpf 
— Jim Brown (@Menorahblog) October 28, 2016 
The would-be successors to the Murdoch empire are believed to be much less conservative than their father Rupert Murdoch. 6. More Like Mainstream Media I’m glad to see Fox News imploding. It’s almost as bad as the rest of the mainstream media. Especially Megyn Kelly. Good riddance. 
— Deplorable Carl (@CarlKenner) October 28, 2016 
The news channel’s mantra to be “fair and balanced” is not sitting well with all viewers. 7. Megyn Kelly, Megyn Kelly, Megyn Kelly . @FoxNews , What r the odds. #Outnumbered / #TheFive / #KellyFile , will cover “Fox News ‘Imploding'” story? After all . @megynkelly , IT’S NEWS. pic.twitter.com/YQTnaTaLaj 
— Deplorable osPatriot (@osPatriot) October 28, 2016 TOTALLY AGREE! FOX IS LIKE THE REST OF MSM! Levin: Fox News ‘Imploding’ https://t.co/1YH4RXGZay MEGYN KELLY IS NOT A JOURNALIST! Remove kelly from fox news coverage election night #Trumptrain Levin: Fox News ‘Imploding’ https://t.co/o67t8ssK72 via @BreitbartNews",0
2075,Hollywood Freaks Out Over Trump’s ’Repugnant’ Temporary Refugee Ban - Breitbart,"Celebrities took to their social media accounts over the weekend to protest President Donald Trump’s executive order temporarily suspending the U. S. Refugee Admissions Program. [On Friday, the President signed an executive order titled, “Protection Of The Nation From Foreign Terrorist Entry Into The United States,” which Trump says established “new vetting measures to keep radical Islamic terrorists out of the United States of America. ”  It didn’t take long for some of Hollywood biggest stars and most outspoken political activists to jump on their Twitter accounts to express outrage at Trump’s latest actions. Below is a roundup of Hollywood’s reactions to the executive order. He doesn’t understand that this will lead to people in America becoming radicalized as a result of his ignorance and cruelty. https:  .   —   Judd Apatow (@JuddApatow) January 28, 2017,  To our Muslim neighbors in the world: I  tens of millions of others are so very sorry. The majority of Americans did not vote 4 this man.  —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) January 28, 2017,  What’s happening is repugnant.  We’re supposed to be unique, a haven.  We’re betraying our heroes.  —   Andy Richter (@AndyRichter) January 28, 2017,    USA Turned Away Thousands of Jewish Refugees Fearing That They Were Nazi Spies.   Trump signs order banning Syrian refugees. https:  .   —   Jessica Chastain (@jes_chastain) January 27, 2017,  Can 240 Years of FREEDOM BeUndone In One Week⁉️#Resist,  —   Cher (@cher) January 28, 2017,  Obviously we must prioritize keeping Americans safe. But we mustn’t become   in the process.  —   Chris Evans (@ChrisEvans) January 29, 2017,  Statistics pic. twitter.   —   Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) January 29, 2017,  LA Protest on #Muslimban TODAY   at Federal Immigration Office, 300 N. Los Angeles St. https:  .   —   Seth Rogen (@Sethrogen) January 28, 2017,  It’s like we’re watching history repeat itself but only half the population know how bad it turns out.  —   Ricky Gervais (@rickygervais) January 28, 2017,  We might need to think about returning this beauty to France Now pic. twitter.   —   Patricia Arquette (@PattyArquette) January 28, 2017,  All the indignation is fine. But we gotta get him out! We must demand a competency test! He is ill! Mentally ill!  —   ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) January 29, 2017,  ❤💛💙💚 pic. twitter.   —   Miley Ray Cyrus (@MileyCyrus) January 28, 2017,  Protest happening at LAX ( airports around the country)! Let’s stand up 4 one another LA! #NoBanNoWall #RefugeesWelcome #ImmigrantsWelcome pic. twitter.   —   America Ferrera (@AmericaFerrera) January 28, 2017,  THESE are the HUMAN BEINGS Trump banned today. REFUGEES fleeing ISIS. Children. Their families. Shame on him. May God help us. https:  .   —   Sophia Bush (@SophiaBush) January 28, 2017,  Paul Ryan’s office address. Go show upJanesville: 20 South Main ST, Suite 10, Janesville, WI 53545. 608. 752. 4050.  —   Chelsea Handler (@chelseahandler) January 29, 2017,  Along with   the Muslim ban we can now add heartless  evil to DT’s repertoire.  —   Rob Reiner (@robreiner) January 28, 2017,  The   attackers were from Saudi Arabia, Egypt  UAE —  not the 7 nations in the immigration ban. These all do have Trump properties though.  —   George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) January 28, 2017,  130 million people from 7 country are being denied entry  if you were on a plane and landed you are not allowed in  where’s the outrage ?  —   George Lopez (@georgelopez) January 28, 2017,  the #MuslimBan is dehumanizing beyond words  …     im in shock. THIS IS NOT WHO WE ARE THIS IS NOT WHO WE ARE THIS IS NOT WHO WE ARE,  —   Camila Cabello (@camilacabello97) January 29, 2017,  #protest #NoBanNoWall @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @jasoninthehouse @GOP @foxnews https:  .   —   John Leguizamo (@JohnLeguizamo) January 28, 2017,  My 13 yr. old,   daughter is at her 8th grade dance right now. What are Muslim parents saying to their daughters tonight? https:  .   —   Michael Ian Black (@michaelianblack) January 28, 2017,  This #MuslimBan is also messing up attendance at our   ”Undermine Western Civilization” meetings.  —   Kumail Nanjiani (@kumailn) January 28, 2017,  I have worked for decades on religious tolerance. @realDonaldTrump’s Muslim ban is against everything this country was founded on. Shameful.  —   Russell Simmons (@UncleRUSH) January 28, 2017,  Theresa May should come out against these executive orders, apologise to British Muslims for not doing so earlier and resign. Truly shameful.  —   lily allen (@lilyallen) January 28, 2017,  My best friend, Alaa Mohammad Khaled, is Muslim. His parents were Palestinian refugees. His brother is DJ Khaled. #RefugeesWelcome pic. twitter.   —   Alyssa Milano (@Alyssa_Milano) January 28, 2017,  Really want to smack the hell out of folk lamenting what Trump ”is doing.” He told every1 his plan from jump! https:  .  #  —   Star Jones (@StarJonesEsq) January 28, 2017,  #muslimban is making me cry LIBERAL TEARS for our country and its future, and you know what that means? COMPASSION, YOU MOFOS!! 😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥  —   Rachel Dratch (@TheRealDratch) January 28, 2017,    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @jeromeehudson",0
2076,Trump Signs Resolution Overturning Obama Planned Parenthood State Funding Mandate,"President Donald Trump signed a resolution Thursday that overturns former President Barack Obama’s rule that forced states to provide family planning grants under Title X to Planned Parenthood and other abortion providers. [In a signing ceremony that was closed to the press, Trump signed H. J. Res. 43, which allows states to withhold federal funds from facilities that provide abortions. In attendance were Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) administrator Seema Verma, Susan B. Anthony president Marjorie Dannenfelser, and Penny Nance, CEO of Concerned Women for America.  “Prioritizing funding away from Planned Parenthood to comprehensive healthcare alternatives is a winning issue,” said Dannenfelser, reports the Washington Examiner. “We expect to see Congress continue its efforts to redirect additional taxpayer funding away from Planned Parenthood through   healthcare reform after the spring break recess. ” “I think the president’s signature today is an important step and it shows that the president is keeping his campaign promises,” Verma said. “This shows that we want states to be in charge of their own decision making. ” Planned Parenthood tweeted its disapproval of the measure: BREAKING: Trump signs bill undoing protections for 4 million people getting care through #TitleX. #HandsOffMyBC https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Planned Parenthood (@PPact) April 13, 2017,  The House approved H. J. Res. 43, introduced by Rep. Diane Black ( ) in February. The resolution used the Congressional Review Act (CRA) to rescind the Obama administration rule, enacted during the last days of the former president’s term. Sen. Joni Ernst ( ) sponsored the measure in the Senate. Vice President Mike Pence cast a   vote at the end of March to enable approval in that chamber after Republican Sens. Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska voted against it. In a floor speech in the House, Black said the purpose of the resolution is to “affirm the right of states to fund the healthcare providers that best suit their needs, without fear of reprisal from their own federal government. ” Planned Parenthood is the largest abortion provider in the U. S. performing at least 300, 000 abortions every year. About a dozen states have attempted to eliminate Planned Parenthood’s funding in the wake of the release of videos that alleged the group harvests the body parts of babies aborted in its clinics and sells them for profit. These states have attempted to redirect the funding to other community healthcare centers, which provide more expansive services than Planned Parenthood and outnumber the abortion chain by at least 20 to 1. Despite the overwhelming number of community healthcare centers, however, the Obama administration, an avid supporter of Planned Parenthood, said that by redirecting funding away from the group, the states “have interfered with”   individuals’ ability to access federal assistance quickly. The Heritage Foundation’s Melanie Israel wrote at The Daily Signal the resolution was necessary “to both protect life and reassert that the states have Tenth Amendment rights to allocate Title X family planning grants in such a manner that prioritizes community health clinics and true family planning over the industrial abortion industry as represented by Planned Parenthood. ” “The HHS rule is a classic example of excessive federal rulemaking and executive overreach for partisan political gain, making it a perfect target for nullification under the CRA,” she added.",0
2077,UN failed to organize evacuation of civilians from rebel-held Aleppo – Russian envoy,"READ MORE: US-led coalition killed 300 Syrian civilians in 11 probed strikes – Amnesty 
The ambassador added that the UN work with various opposition groups in Aleppo and the local council was “left to take care of itself.” He stressed that the UN personnel did not “exert the necessary pressure” on “sponsors” of illegal armed groups to convince them to cooperate with the aid workers on the ground. 
Besides criticizing the UN team, the Russian envoy also accused entities that have influence over fighters in besieged neighborhoods of Aleppo of not applying enough pressure on the militants to make the most of the Russian-Syrian humanitarian pause. 
“External patrons of entrenched groups in eastern Aleppo could not or did not want positively influence the fighters and convince them to stop the shooting, to release civilians or leave the city themselves,” Churkin said. 
The ambassador noted that militants in Aleppo continue to get supplies and arms, including portable surface-to-air shoulder launchers (MANPADs) and missiles. 
READ MORE: No Russian, Syrian flights around Aleppo for 8 days – Moscow 
The humanitarian pause was introduced in Aleppo on October 20, as Syrian and Russian jets halted all strikes in the vicinity of the city. While only an estimated ten percent of the city’s populace live in terrorist-held Eastern Aleppo, Moscow is doing everything possible to secure the evacuation of civilians. 
Those civilians who want to leave jihadist-held areas may use six humanitarian corridors. Fighters can also leave the city with their weapons by using two other corridors established by the Russians and the Syrians. However, terrorists have refused to leave and instead resorted to shelling the civilian escape routes. 
Russian and Syrian planes have stayed out of the city for eight consecutive days. In that time, only a few dozen civilians managed to escape the terrorist-held areas. Meanwhile, the Russian reconciliation centers continued to pour aid into Aleppo. Our colleague @ISedkeyICRC shot this video in Ramousseh, on her way to western #Aleppo . The level of destruction is staggering. pic.twitter.com/fqwNChL45E — ICRC (@ICRC) October 26, 2016 
During the Security Council session, the UN official in charge of humanitarian aid defended the world organization’s actions in Syria, laying blame at both the rebels, Damascus, and Moscow for not allowing the UN humanitarian assistance to take place. 
“The United Nations were ready to launch our operations on Sunday, 23 October. However, objections by two non-State armed opposition groups, namely Ahrar as-Sham and Nureddin Zenki, scuppered these plans. The United Nations made every effort to get assurances from all parties, only for the parties to then fail to agree on each other’s conditions about how evacuations should proceed,” said Under-Secretary General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, Stepen O’Brien. 
In the meantime, the International Committee of the Red Cross and the Red Crescent teams working in Aleppo have complained that delivering the humanitarian aid and treating the wounded has been a challenge, as the ICRC failed to “secure the security guarantees of some armed groups.” محاولات إجلاء الجرحى والمرضى من #حلب لم تنجح. هذا ما تحتاج أن تعرفه عن الأمر: pic.twitter.com/hsdfmqLVRK — اللجنة الدولية (@ICRC_ar) October 26, 2016 
Back at the UNSC, O'Brien painted a clear picture for the members of the UN Security Council of human suffering in Eastern Aleppo where terrorists use civilians as human shields. 
In a graphic yet poetic account, O’Brien said that civilians – mostly children and elderly – are stuck in basements where “the stench of urine and the vomit caused by unrelieved fear never leaving your nostrils” is omnipresent. Read more No Russian, Syrian flights around Aleppo for 8 days – Moscow 
“Or scrabbling with your bare hands in the street above to reach under concrete rubble, lethal steel reinforcing bars jutting at you as you hysterically try to reach your young child screaming unseen in the dust and dirt below your feet, you choking to catch your breath in the toxic dust and the smell of gas ever-ready to ignite and explode over you.” 
“These are constant, harrowing reports and images of people detained, tortured, forcibly displaced, maimed and executed,” O’Brien added. 
While mentioning the destructive role of terrorist on the ground, the UN envoy to Syria went out of his way to blame Damascus and Moscow for their air raids. 
“Aleppo has essentially become a kill zone. Since my last report to this Council less than a month ago, 400 more people have been killed and nearly 2,000 injured in eastern Aleppo. So many of them – too many of them – were children,” O'Brien said. 
“Never has the phrase by poet Robert Burns, of ‘Man’s inhumanity to man’ been as apt. It can be stopped but you the Security Council have to choose to make it stop,” the envoy added. 
Taking the mic at the UNSC meeting, Churkin criticized O'Brien’s report, which he said lacked factual information and failed to stress the cessation of Syrian and Russian air raids on the city. He asked O’Brian not to recite poetry but base his reports on concrete facts. 
“If we wanted to hear a sermon, we would go to church. If we wanted to hear poetry, we would go to a theater,” Churkin said. 
READ MORE: 60 civilians killed, 200 injured as US-led coalition strikes Mosul residential areas – Russian MoD 
Security Council members wanted to hear “objective analysis” of the situation on the ground from O’Brien, the Russian ambassador stressed. 
“You clearly did not achieve this,” Churkin said, reminding O'Brien that no strikes have been conducted over Aleppo since October 18. Calling O'Brian's statement “provocative and unacceptable,” Churkin pointed that in the past eight days Syrian and Russian planes had not flown over Aleppo, staying at least 10 km away from the city. 
“This moratorium on the flight lasted eight days [now]. Mr. O 'Brian, you did not mention a single word about it. You have built your speech so to paint a picture that aerial bombardment did not stop for one day and that it is happening now, as we speak,” said Churkin.",0
2078,How to Win Friends and Influence People (on Fake Mars) - The New York Times,"Amid the craggy landscape near the Mauna Loa volcano on Hawaii, six researchers lived for a year as if they were on Mars. Confined to a    habitat inside and spacesuits outside, the researchers spent their time extracting water from dry rock, growing plants and crawling through gigantic lava tubes. But when members of the group were released from their habitat on Sunday, they emphasized one key takeaway: They had spent a lot of time trying not to drive themselves or each other crazy. Two significant obstacles for the researchers were the physical and the emotional isolation. They began living at the habitat in August 2015 as part of the     project. They were the fourth group to take up residence there, and stayed longer than any previous group. Experts say that travel to Mars may be possible by the 2030s, so if you’re among the many who hope to one day complete the approximately    journey to the red planet  —   or if you want to try your hand at a year living in   isolation  —   here are a few tips on how to get along with your colleagues at one of the most extreme workplaces in the solar system. People who are not working on Mars or in a   environment usually do not have this luxury, but according to Christiane Heinicke, a    German physicist and engineer, democracy was a part of the personnel process on fake Mars. “During the selection process, we were trekking together in the Rocky Mountains,” Dr. Heinicke said in an email. “Afterwards, everyone voted anonymously for their preferred commander, which turned out to be Carmel,” as in Carmel Johnston, a soil scientist from Montana. Nobody wants to hear the words “emergency” and “Mars” in the same sentence, but in this case, a glitch in the workday helped temporarily repair group relations. “It really helps to have an emergency to work on together, because it reunites the group,” Dr. Heinicke told journalists after her group was released. “And everybody has new motivation to work together and make it through the whole year. ” During their time in the habitat, the researchers had only small spaces to themselves, including a bed, a desk and some storage space. Aside from making sure you bring “good music” to drown out your colleagues’ noise in close quarters, it will help to nurture your own side projects and hobbies, Ms. Heinicke said. “Bring a lot of meaningful, stimulating projects to work, and be open to collaborate with others,” she said. “More generally: Be adaptable the mission is very unlikely to be fully predictable. ” Her colleague, Cyprien Verseux, echoed that sentiment: “Bring books,” he told journalists after he was released. If all else fails, start a band, make finger puppets, exercise or even do your taxes to pass the time. This one is a universal truth on Earth as well as on Mars, but in the habitat, there were fewer opportunities to escape one another. Mr. Verseux said that “monotony, always in the same place, always with the same people” were among his biggest challenges while living in the domed research lab that the group called home, where the only respite from the cabin  —   going outside  —   required wearing a mock spacesuit. Another key takeaway from the mission, Ms. Heinicke said, is that not everyone is built to live in an extreme environment and in   isolation. “Some thrive and ‘infect’ each other with ideas and work on a large number of joint projects,” she said. “The others decay and progressively slip into a worse and worse mood. Obviously, if you want to send humans to Mars, you have to make sure your crew is composed of only the first kind. ”",0
2079,It’s On: Between Duterte and America,"shorty BY PETER LEE I ’ve written a couple pieces of the smoking hot issue in Pivotland, Philippine president Duterte’s swerve toward a pro-PRC foreign policy, and what the U.S. and pro-American sector of the Manila elite are going to do about it. The first piece, Reports of death of US-Philippine alliance may be exaggerated, addresses the fact that Duterte’s freedom of movement is constrained by the need to keep the Philippine military happy, and notes that ex-prez and retired general Fidel Ramos, who facilitated Duterte’s entrance on the national political stage, is signaling dissatisfaction with Duterte. The second piece, Duterte Plays the ‘Mamasapano’ Card, covers a Duterte counter-attack: a threat to relitigate the death of 44 Philippine National Police commandos at Mamasapano in Mindanao, a 2014 special ops fiasco conducted under the aegis of the United States which a) exposes ex-president Aquino to serious legal jeopardy b) posits that the US alliance is doing a better job of killing Filipinos than the PRC can ever hope to do. The US seems to be embedded in a colonial mindset when it comes to the Philippines, something along the lines of “we’ve been selflessly looking after the Philippines for a century, and that thug Duterte won’t be allowed to screw that up during his brief (maybe curtailed) presidency.” It takes a pretty superficial view of Philippine history, one that accepts the US self-definition as the Philippines’ security savior while ignoring the distortions and shortcomings of the colonial and neo-colonial relationship. For me this tunnel vision was typified by the US media crowing over the formal delivery of a refurbished C-130 transport to the Philippine government by outgoing ambo Philip Goldberg. Message: here’s the US making provisions for Philippine defense at the same time Duterte’s selling out the country to China. To me, the inadvertent message was 1) here’s the US blindly stroking the pivot fetish while Duterte tries to solve the Mindanao insurgency that has cost at least 400,000 lives over the last century, win his drug war, and find a place for the Philippines in Asia that doesn’t give primacy to the US preoccupation confronting the PRC and 2) the U.S., in my opinion, pretty much has a policy of keeping the Philippines flat on its behind as an independent military force by trickling out second-hand gear to the Philippine military while the sweet stuff is dangled in front of it during US joint military maneuvers and port calls. But the United States is trying to find political leverage wherever it can and the Western media will, I’m sure, put its shoulder to the wheel to help out. Feelings of nationalism are pervasive in the US, but Americans have difficulty understanding why people in other nations may harbor animosity toward them on account of their colonialist and imperialist experiences. P hilip Goldberg sat down for a 45-minute exit interview with Rappler. As befitting Rappler’s origins in the Soros/Omidyar network of pro-US globalization advocacy, the interview was a stream of softballs about what to do about Duterte’s disregard of the awesomeness of the American relationship, an awesomeness that is acknowledged by virtually all Filipinos who inexplicably (and, if the US has anything to do about it, temporarily) at the same time give Duterte approval ratings of over 80%. It’s worth watching if you have the patience. Goldberg is a smooth cat, and the Rappler tonguebath gives you no inkling of the fact that he intimately familiar with the wet work of end-arounding national governments to cultivate secessionist movements, you know, like what he did in Bolivia (declared persona non grata as a result) and Kosovo, and like that thing in Duterte’s home province of Mindanao, which in my opinion probably the main reason why Duterte wanted him out of the Philippines. Goldberg also discretely plays the economic threat card, concern-trolling that anti-US attitudes will dismay “foreign investors”. It will be interesting to see how this plays out in subsequent weeks. As far as I can tell, the biggest U.S. factor in the domestic Philippine economy is the call-center industry. I doubt US corporations are interested in actually pulling their operations out and subjecting them to the English-language mercies of India, but certainly a call from the State Department or White House would convince them of the wisdom of at least making the threat. And I also wonder if expected President Hillary Clinton will find it necessary to drop the hammer on Duterte, in order to demonstrate to a rather dubious Asia that there is no alternative to loyalty to the pivot. I expect the next few months, in other words, to be very interesting. NOTE: ALL IMAGE CAPTIONS, PULL QUOTES AND COMMENTARY BY THE EDITORS, NOT THE AUTHORS",0
2080,Taylor Swift Releases a Surprise Single With Zayn Malik - The New York Times,"This year could not end without a little bit of Taylor Swift. The pop star, who had not released new music since the album “1989” in the fall of 2014, surprised fans on Thursday night with “I Don’t Wanna Live Forever,” a collaboration with the former One Direction member Zayn Malik (who performs as ZAYN). The moody,   track, which will be featured on the movie soundtrack for the “Fifty Shades of Grey” sequel “Fifty Shades Darker,” was released for paid download and to streaming services just after 11 p. m. though it was not immediately available on Spotify. (Ms. Swift pulled most of her catalog from the company in 2014 in a dispute over royalties and a service offering free music for listeners.) Ms. Swift wrote the song along with Sam Dew and Jack Antonoff, who also produced the track. The song is notable for her sly choice of a duet partner  —   Mr. Malik performed as part of the British boy band One Direction, alongside Harry Styles, one of Ms. Swift’s former boyfriends. Mr. Malik quit the group last year, becoming the first member to go solo with the release of the album “Mind of Mine” in March. Ms. Swift, who won the Grammy for Album of the Year for “1989” in February, has not been completely absent from the music scene this year. In addition to her extended feud with Kanye West and Kim Kardashian over the lyrics to Mr. West’s song “Famous,” she surfaced unexpectedly as a songwriter for other artists. In July, she confirmed an online fan theory that she had written “This Is What You Came For,” a single by the D. J. (and Ms. Swift’s  ) Calvin Harris, which featured Rihanna and had initially been credited pseudonymously to Nils Sjoberg. Ms. Swift was less coy last month when she announced that she was the writer behind “Better Man,” a new single by the country group Little Big Town. Still, Ms. Swift shocked fans by not sticking to her standard release schedule: For her entire career, since her   debut in 2006, she has released a new album in the fall every two years, with four of her five LPs coming in late October. This time around, one December single will have to do.",0
2081,Health experts share the top home remedies for fighting a cold,"Health experts share the top home remedies for fighting a cold 
Tuesday, November 01, 2016 by: Amy Goodrich Tags: cold symptoms , natural remedies , immune booster (NaturalNews) Stay well during the colder months with these simple, time-tested home remedies to prevent a common cold, help shorten the duration and get you feeling better in no time. A common cold is caused by a virus, so there is no point in taking antibiotics which only kill bacteria. While there is a host of over-the-counter remedies available to soothe the symptoms of a common cold, nature offers far better and safer solutions.We all know the prevention drill. Load up on immune boosting foods rich in vitamin C , exercise regularly and wash your hands often. But what else is there you can do to avoid a runny nose, sore throat or a cough? Seven Health editors reveal their sickness-preventing secrets. Gargle salt water If you feel the first signs of a scratchy throat, Jeannie Kim, executive deputy editor, recommends a salt-water gargle. She is convinced that it has stopped countless of her colds. To soothe a sore throat and kill the sick-making germs, combine half a teaspoon salt with one cup of water and gargle. Repeat several times a day until scratchiness disappears. Create some heat According to Clare McHugh, editor-in-chief, a hot bath or shower is the thing you need. She explains that viruses that cause a common cold don't like the heat and are discouraged to multiply if you keep your body warm. And why not add immune boosting and cold fighting essential oils to your bathtub to enhance the healing effect?Furthermore, you could try the good old hot water bottle to help loosen phlegm and deep congestions in the chest. Swallow raw garlic If you don't mind to sweat it out and have a garlic breath, Lisa Lombardi, executive editor, recommends eating or swallowing raw garlic. While the next day her symptoms usually get worse, she feels better in 3 days.If you cannot stomach garlic's taste and spiciness, then you might want to go with the traditional garlic cure which consists of garlic, lemon, and honey. Crush one clove of garlic and add it to a cup of warm water with one teaspoon of honey and the juice of one lemon. Give it a good stir and repeat this remedy two to three times a day for the duration of your symptoms. Take Echinacea Michael Gollust, the research editor, swears by echinacea lozenges. He says that while they don't stop a cold in its tracks, they definitely reduce the severity of the symptoms. The BBC, however, reports on a comprehensive review that scanned the literature and included only the very best studies, showing that people who use echinacea may also have 10 to 20 percent less chance to catch a common cold. Stay hydrated Most Health experts agree that hydration is essential for a speedy recovery. Anthea Levi, the editorial assistant, adds that if you are struggling with blocked sinuses, adding lemon juice and cayenne pepper to your glass of water is all you need to breathe freely again. Go to bed early They often say sleep is one the best natural doctors. Tomoko Takeda Canel, the acting beauty director, couldn't agree more. When she gets sick, she cancels all her plans, has a light meal and then prioritizes an early bedtime to get better.Next time you get a cold, keep these tips and tricks in mind, and you won't need over-the-counter drugs that can do more harm than good. Sources:",0
2082,Wells Fargo Workers Claim Retaliation for Playing by the Rules - The New York Times,"At least 5, 300 Wells Fargo employees have been fired for ethics violations like setting up illicit accounts without customers’ knowledge to meet sales targets. Now there’s another group of aggrieved Wells Fargo workers: people who say they were fired or demoted for staying honest and falling short of sales goals they say were unrealistic. That second group of workers, who claim that they played by the rules and were punished for it, are starting to coalesce around two lawsuits that were just filed and that seek   status. The first was filed in Los Angeles last week by former Wells Fargo workers who say that while their colleagues created unauthorized accounts to meet   quotas, they were penalized or terminated for refusing to do the same. The bank’s chief executive, John Stumpf, has often stated his goal that each Wells customer should have at least eight accounts with the company. That aggressive target has made the bank’s stock a darling on Wall Street, the lawsuit notes. On Monday, a federal lawsuit with analogous claims was filed in the United States District Court for the Central District of California, seeking to create a class of current and former Wells employees across the country who had similar experiences. “These are the people who have been left holding the bag,” said Jonathan Delshad, the lawyer representing the workers in both suits. “It was a revolving door. If you weren’t willing to engage in these types of illegal practices, they just booted you out the door and replaced you. ” In a statement on Monday, Wells Fargo said: “We disagree with the allegations in the complaint and will vigorously defend against the misrepresentations it contains about Wells Fargo and all of the Wells Fargo team members whose careers have been built on doing the right thing by our customers every day. ” One former employee planning to join the lawsuit is Dennis Russell, 62, who said he was fired in 2010 after a   career as a telephone banker at Wells Fargo’s call center in Orange County, Calif. Mr. Russell handled incoming customer service calls and was expected to refer 23 percent of his callers to a sales representative for additional product sales, he said. But the customers Mr. Russell spoke with were usually in dire financial shape, he said in a telephone interview on Monday. Looking at their accounts, he could see mortgages in foreclosure, credit cards in collections and cars being repossessed for overdue loan payments. “The people calling didn’t have assets to speak of,” Mr. Russell said. “What products could you possibly offer them in a legitimate way?” The two fresh lawsuits echo many of the allegations in a 2015 lawsuit filed by the Los Angeles city attorney’s office. Wells Fargo settled the case this month, agreeing to pay $185 million in fines, including a $100 million penalty levied by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the federal watchdog agency that conducted its own investigation. But some Wells Fargo employees tried, years earlier, to sound the alarm  —   with personally disastrous results. Yesenia Guitron, a former banker, sued Wells Fargo in 2010  —   three years earlier than the bank has admitted it knew about the sham accounts. Ms. Guitron became alarmed when, two months into her job at Wells Fargo, she noticed that a fellow banker at the company’s St. Helena, Calif. branch was opening and closing customers’ accounts without their permission. Intense sales pressure and unrealistic quotas drove employees to falsify documents and game the system to meet their sales goals, she wrote in her legal filing. Ms. Guitron said she did everything the company had taught employees to do to report such misconduct internally. She told her manager about her concerns. She called Wells Fargo’s ethics hotline. When those steps yielded no results, she went up the chain, contacting a human resources representative and the bank’s regional manager. Wells Fargo’s response? After months of what Ms. Guitron described as retaliatory harassment, she was called into a meeting and told she was being fired for insubordination. In 2012, the United States District Court for the Northern District of California sided with Wells Fargo and ruled that even if its sales targets were unreasonable, the bank had the right to use them as an employment yardstick. Ms. Guitron appealed the decision and lost again  —   leaving her with a bill for more than $18, 000 in court costs. “She put her neck on the line” and they punished her,  said Yosef Peretz, the lawyer who represented Ms. Guitron. “She’s a single mom with two kids, barely making it, and her reputation was poisoned. No one would hire her. ” Ms. Guitron left the banking industry and now works in property management, he said. Christopher Johnson, 38, a plaintiff in the lawsuit filed on Monday, said he hesitated to get involved in the legal case because it brought back memories of “a very dark time in my life. ” He was fired in 2008 after working for Wells Fargo for five months. In trainings, the company repeatedly emphasized the importance of its ethics code and urged employees to call its confidential hotline if they observed anything inappropriate, Mr. Johnson said. But just two weeks after he started working as a business banker in a Wells Fargo branch in Malibu, Calif. his manager began pressuring him to open accounts for his friends and family  —   with or without their knowledge. When he refused, he was criticized for not being a team player. Mr. Johnson soon learned that his colleagues routinely opened unauthorized accounts for customers who they thought wouldn’t notice, like elderly clients or those who didn’t speak English well. Disturbed by this practice, he did as he was instructed during training and called the company’s ethics hotline. Three days later, he was fired for “not meeting expectations,” he said. Broke, Mr. Johnson was evicted from his house and spent the next seven months living out of his truck. He put all of his possessions in a storage unit, then lost them to auction when he was unable to pay the storage bill. Mr. Johnson, who now works as a writer, said he had stepped forward at his mother’s urging: “She was like, ‘Your story needs to be told. You got fired because you tried to do the right thing. ’” Mr. Russell also lost his home after he lost his Wells Fargo job. Unable to find a new position in the industry, he now works part time for a church in Costa Mesa, Calif. helping with its outreach programs for the homeless. Last week, he watched  —   in disbelief, he says  —   as Mr. Stumpf was grilled by the Senate Banking Committee and insisted that Wells Fargo never wanted its employees to do anything unethical to meet their sales goals. “It’s a crock,” Mr. Russell said. “They established the culture that made this happen  —   it comes down from the top. ” During the hearing, Mr. Russell said, “I was sitting there in a rage. The people who had a conscience, the employees who refused to go along, they deserve vindication. ” Workers’ efforts to band together to litigate cases against employers are often derailed by mandatory arbitration clauses that require them to address disputes privately and individually. Wells Fargo has such a clause in some of its employment agreements, but it was added only recently, in December 2015, according to Mark Folk, a spokesman for the bank. Mr. Delshad, the lawyer pursuing the workers’ cases, said he thought the covered class could grow to “tens of thousands of people” nationwide. “We’ve had former workers, and some current ones, calling our office all weekend,” he said. “We have a whole bunch of new plaintiffs to be added to the suit. It’s just unbelievable, the amount and scope of this fraud. ” Although Wells Fargo settled the civil cases with Los Angeles and its federal regulators, more fallout could be coming. Richard Cordray, the director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, strongly hinted that the agency had referred the case on to other federal bureaus for criminal investigation, and multiple federal prosecutors have sent subpoenas to Wells Fargo seeking information on the misconduct. On Thursday, the House Financial Services Committee will hold its own hearing on the scandal. Mr. Stumpf, who has been invited to speak, plans to appear, Wells Fargo said.",0
2083,Admiral and 8 Other Navy Officers Indicted on Bribery Charges - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   A retired United States Navy admiral and eight other   officers were indicted on Tuesday in a widening bribery scandal in which prosecutors say a foreign contractor traded luxury travel, lavish gifts and prostitutes for inside intelligence. A total of 25 military officers and   executives have now been prosecuted in one of the worst corruption scandals to hit the military in years. Prosecutors, laying out in unsparing detail a plot that stretched from Singapore to Washington, accused the officers  —   all with the Seventh Fleet in the Pacific, the Navy’s largest  —   of betraying the public trust for bribes from a   military contractor in Singapore, Leonard Glenn Francis, known as Fat Leonard. The scheme cost the Navy “tens of millions of dollars” in overbillings to Mr. Francis’ firm, as he relied on sensitive and sometimes classified information the officers had given them to game the system, according to the indictment. The yearslong bribery scheme “amounts to a staggering degree of corruption by the most prominent leaders of the Seventh Fleet,” said Alana W. Robinson, the acting United States attorney in San Diego, where the charges were brought. The officers “actively worked together as a team to trade secrets for sex, serving the interests of a greedy foreign defense contractor, and not those of their own country,” Ms. Robinson said. The most prominent official charged on Tuesday was Bruce Loveless, a retired rear admiral who was taken into custody that day at his home in Coronado, Calif. outside San Diego. The admiral was knocked down a rank after he came under investigation in 2013 with two stars before the demotion, he was the   officer to be charged in the scandal. Another   admiral, Robert Gilbeau, was charged earlier in the case. The indictment dates Admiral Loveless’s involvement in the scheme to 2007, when he was a Navy captain involved in assessing foreign intelligence threats for the Seventh Fleet. In one of many lavish events cataloged in the indictment, prosecutors said Mr. Francis, the military contractor, took Admiral Loveless and another defendant, Lt. Cmdr. Stephen Shedd, out for a $5, 000 night of wining and dining in Singapore and gave Commander Shedd and his wife $25, 000 watches at the end of the night. Prosecutors contend that Commander Shedd then gave classified intelligence about Navy contracts and fleet movements to Mr. Francis, who was chief executive of a contractor called Glenn Defense Marine Asia, which had extensive United States military contracts. At the contractor’s behest, Commander Shedd passed on “cigars and fine wine” to Admiral Loveless and other Navy officers involved in the exchange, prosecutors said. According to the indictment, after a night of fine dining and prostitutes in Bangkok, Commander Shedd emailed Mr. Francis to say that Admiral Loveless and two other officers who were hosted for the event “were all smiles on the drive home over their ‘one night in Bangkok.’ ” The indictment also accuses Admiral Loveless of obstructing the bribery investigation by denying knowledge of the scheme. Asked by Navy investigators in 2013 whether he had ever received anything of value from Mr. Francis, Admiral Loveless responded “never,” prosecutors said. And he said he did not recall ever staying in a hotel room that he had not paid for, the prosecutors said, despite evidence that Mr. Francis had paid the bill for numerous stays for him and others at lavish hotels around Asia where ships from the Seventh Fleet were docked. Mr. Francis pleaded guilty in 2015 in San Diego, as have 10 former military officers previously charged in the case.",0
2084,Dr. Duke & Mark Collett: To the Anti-White scum who promised to leave: Get the Hell Out!,"http://mediaarchives.gsradio.net/dduke/111816.mp3 Dr. Duke & Mark Collett: Anti-White scum who promised to leave: Get the Hell Out!
Today Dr. Duke had British activist Mark Collett as his guest for the hour. They talked about Donald Trump’s latest appointments to his incoming administration. Steve Bannon, General Michael Flynn, and even Senator Jeff Sessions are coming under attack from the Zio media, no doubt because they are not complete cuck sellouts like so many of the neocon rats who opposed Trump but suddenly want to offer their (((experience))) to the president elect. Underdog after taking a super-energy pill 
They went into the new terminology of red pills, blue pills, white pills, and black pills. They agreed that the Trump victory has energized (white pilled) his supporters and black pilled (depressed) his opponents, many of whom promised to leave the country should The Donald win. Well, we’re waiting… 
This is a fun show that will red pill (enlighten) your friends. Please share it widely. 
Our show is aired live at 11 am replayed at ET 4pm Eastern and 4am Eastern.",0
2085,"FBI, CIA, NYPD Officials Set To Drop The Hammer: Video Evidence Of “Bill Clinton and Six Government Officials Taking Part In Sexual Acts With Minors” To Be Released Before Election","
The 2016 Presidential election about to get even crazier.
Earlier this week Joe Joseph reported that recent Wikileaks point to the Clinton family having ties to a child porn abduction ring in Haiti. On top of that, emails appear to confirm that both Bill and Hillary Clinton previously joined convicted pedophile Jeffrey Epstein at his “sex slave island,” with Fox News having confirmed that Former President Bill Clinton flew with Epstein on his private jet at least 20 times. As Fox News notes, the plane was outfitted with a bed where travellers would often engage in group sex.
The evidence of criminal activity identified via Anthony Wiener’s laptop is so damning that the NYPD was preparing arrest warrants for a number of Clinton campaign officials. A Brietbart report indicates that the investigation was stifled earlier this week by the Justice Department after “huge pushback.”
And while the Obama administration and liberal mainstream news sources are doing everything in their power to keep the thousands of Wikileak revelations at bay, according to a developing story from the Gatway Pundit , it will be impossible for them to contain the fallout from what comes next.
As early as this weekend we could see the most explosive email, video and photographic evidence yet. According to members of the hacking collective Anonymous, 4Chan, and Hillary State Department target Kim Dotcom, a government insider has provided undeniable evidence that Bill Clinton and six other government officials engaged in sexual acts with minors.
Kim Dotcom, apparently privvy to the evidence, posted a series of Tweets this as highlighted by The Daily Sheeple :
There’s unpublished material, yet to come out. Clinton is in serious trouble.
— Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) November 1, 2016 

With the last one coming Friday evening:
The end is near @HillaryClinton 
— Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) November 5, 2016 

It appears Dotcom’s Tweet was in reference to a 4Chan post archived at The Free Republic which indcates in no uncertain terms that a government official has the evidence that confirms Bill Clinton is indeed a sexual predator:

Until this month, Wikileaks and Anonymous have worked together in building an efficient, detailed, comprehensive set of documents that would be responsible for the incarceration of Hillary Clinton, Bill Clinton, and 21 individuals ranging from the DNC, FBI, CIA, and Clinton foundation. These documents will show without a doubt, evidence of Treason, Obstruction of Justice, Election Fraud, Manipulation and Bribery. 
This was intended to be the October surprise. But before the release of these documents, we were contacted by a member of the FBI, as well as another from the CIA, and a week later by the NYPD . All with information retaining to something much darker than we ever imagined.
Due to the nature of these leaks, we all worked together as efficiently as possible to ensure two objectives:
1.) That all necessary information would be given to the public in an organized, searchable, manageable way.
2.) Those who provided us with this information would be able to find safety before these releases were made ( This concern wasn’t without warrant).
…
The new leaks being released this week will provide documents in the form of emails, pictures, and videos. Within these will be evidence of Bill Clinton, as we as at least 6 other Government officials, taking part in sexual acts with minors. As well as evidence of Human trafficking that also include minors. 
We believe these pictures and videos were taken for the purpose of political manipulation. In order to make sure all participants followed through on a previously agreed agenda. 
These documents were given to us by an American Government official when he had come to learn that this crime had been covered by Hillary and her staff through methods including bribery and blackmail. He also told us that due to the restricted access to these documents, they would soon know he was the one who released them to us.
We tried to make arrangements for him to exit the country safely, but he was killed before those arrangements could be carried out. We are still not sure if this is because they became aware of the leak, or if they were scared that he may in the future. In either case, his identity will be made public in this next set of leaks so that he can be honored for the hero that he was.
We will not only be releasing these documents, but we have multiple members of the FBI, CIA, and NYPD who will be publicly verifying their authenticity once their safety is assured. 
This hack has not come from Russia or anyone else they may try to blame this on. This is a leak from Americas own Government Officials who fear for their safety had the opposed them directly due to reasons that will be made clear soon.
We thank you for your patience, as well as your determination and assistance in helping us expose the corruption that has infested our own government. Democracy will be restored to America.
Remember remember the 5th of November. 
If true, then sometime this weekend we will see the end of the Clintons. While they can cover up tens of thousands of email chains and be protected from prosecution by the Justice Department for bribery or pay-for-play, no one will stand in the way if actual sex tapes come to light, especially if minors are involved.
Perhaps this is why FBI Director Comey operated with such haste in recent weeks and publicly re-opened the Clinton investigation, because no one will want to be a friend to Bill or Hillary after this hits the internet.
Related: 
5 States Hillary Is Set to Steal from Trump 
Not Just Assange… Hillary Wants to Drone Strike “All Dissidents and Whistleblowers” 
Internet Mogul Kim Dotcom: More Leaks Coming, “Clinton Is in Serious Trouble 
 ",0
2086,Clinton Lawyers Push for Recount in “3 Key Swing States That She Lost to Trump”,"
It still ain’t over…
It now appears that John Podesta and teams of voting rights lawyers are combing over Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and Michigan election results with a fine-toothed comb, county-by-county and are now suggesting possible vote fraud via “irregularities.”
These are the three rust belt states that traditionally swing blue, but went red for Trump in 2016, perhaps in large part due to his message on economy on jobs.
It remains to be seen whether or not the Clinton Team will officially challenge these results or demand a recount, but it is clear that many of Clinton’s fiercest establishment allies will not be lying down.
via MSN.com :
Hillary Clinton is being urged by a group of prominent computer scientists and election lawyers to call for a recount in three swing states won by Donald Trump, New York has learned. The group, which includes voting-rights attorney John Bonifaz and J. Alex Halderman, the director of the University of Michigan Center for Computer Security and Society , believes they’ve found persuasive evidence that results in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania may have been manipulated or hacked. The group is so far not speaking on the record about their findings and is focused on lobbying the Clinton team in private.
Last Thursday, the activists held a conference call with Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta and campaign general counsel Marc Elias to make their case, according to a source briefed on the call. The academics presented findings showing that in Wisconsin, Clinton received 7 percent fewer votes in counties that relied on electronic-voting machines compared with counties that used optical scanners and paper ballots. Based on this statistical analysis, Clinton may have been denied as many as 30,000 votes; she lost Wisconsin by 27,000. While it’s important to note the group has not found proof of hacking or manipulation, they are arguing to the campaign that the suspicious pattern merits an independent review — especially in light of the fact that the Obama White House has accused the Russian government of hacking the Democratic National Committee.
Theoretically, if all three of these states were declared for Hillary rather than for Trump, it would swing the electoral college count towards another Clinton presidency.
group of prominent academics & election lawyers held conference call w/ Podesta and Elias last week lobbying recount https://t.co/EnHq9woAcw 
— Gabriel Sherman (@gabrielsherman) November 22, 2016 

If that won’t work, there are still electors out there who may dissent when casting their electoral college ballots by mail before December 19th.
Some people never quit.
It’s hard to believe, but there remains an outside chance that the election is still up in the air – at least in the minds of her angry and disillusioned staffers, donors and supporters.
Read more: 
It’s Not Over Yet: “They Are Probably Still Trying To Steal The Election” | Calls For Electoral College To Ignore Will Of People 
Still Not Over: Two Electors Launch Effort To “Flip the Electoral College” And Block Trump’s Win 
Clinton Insider Confesses: Trump Protests Are Just More Pre-Paid “Soros Riots” to Stir Unrest 
“Beware of the Shadow Government”: Ron Paul Advises President-Elect 
Trump Surrounded By Bankers, Wall St. Insiders Banging on the Door to Get In: “Draining the Swamp?” ",0
2087,This Tiny West Village Garden Is Public Space. But You Can’t Go In. - The New York Times,"A fragrant mound of rose bushes, thyme beds, and magnolia and crab apple trees rises on a former roadway reclaimed for open space. Except that it is not actually open. Instead, it sits behind a locked,   gate in the heart of the West Village. It has no benches and no visiting hours. Called the Sheridan Square Viewing Garden, it is, as its name suggests, just for looking. “It’s pretty, but there’s almost no point,” said Alec Haley, a New York University student who walks by every day. “Parks are supposed to be enjoyed and not just stared at. ” Long before New York City’s plazas and parks were filled with lunchtime crowds savoring their lattes and kale salads, the city embarked on a campaign to carve out small pockets of greenery from dormant or unused sections of roadway to break up the    streetscape. These efforts came during a time when the city was a far more dangerous place. Some of the open spaces had to be locked up or scrapped over fears that they would become magnets for loiterers, criminals and homeless people. In Herald Square, a teeming pedestrian plaza now lies just steps from Macy’s, but store officials fought hard to keep it from being built in the 1980s, according to a former city transportation official. The former official, Samuel I. Schwartz, who served as the traffic commissioner from 1982 to 1986, said that back then even chairs were nailed down to keep them from being stolen. Of these       like the viewing garden, he said, “They were closed to people, open to your eyes. ” The Sheridan Square Viewing Garden, which was planted in 1982, was among the most notable of these street experiments. Of course, it is hardly the only public garden to restrict public access. Many community gardens are kept under lock and key by their members. And city parks sometimes have   areas to assure that fragile plants are not being stepped on, or worse. But the viewing garden today takes up prime street space in a more crowded city. With so many pedestrians trying to squeeze by on the increasingly congested streets and sidewalks, some have questioned whether a viewing garden has outlived its usefulness. “If they put in a few benches and a little gate, then it becomes a public space that people can use,” Kirsty Savides, a tourist from Cape Town, South Africa, said as she stood outside the garden recently, clutching a takeout lunch. Stewart Driller, president of the Sheridan Square Triangle Association, a neighborhood group that maintains the viewing garden, said there was simply not enough room for people in addition to all the plants in such a tight space. Even the caretakers do not linger once they have planted, pulled weeds and picked up trash, he said. “It is meant to beautify the neighborhood, and is best seen from the outside,” said Mr. Driller, a retired electrical engineer. Other supporters of the garden pointed out that there were public spaces with seating areas nearby, including Christopher Park. City officials said there were no plans to open the garden. “Sheridan Square was designed as a gated garden in response to community requests, and it remains a   spot of color in the West Village,” said Sam Biederman, a spokesman for the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation. In the 1980s, the Sheridan Square Viewing Garden was part of a renewed push by city transportation and park officials to make more room for pedestrians and bicyclists on streets long ruled by cars. Bike and bus lanes were expanded. Slivers of greenery were eked out of traffic islands, medians and turning lanes, or whittled from irregularly shaped corners where streets crossed at a diagonal, or remnants left over after highway construction projects. “Asphalt and concrete are deadening,” said David Gurin, the deputy transportation commissioner from 1978 to 1989, who planned the Sheridan Square garden along with many other spaces. “It’s good, whenever possible, to replace them with living trees and flowers. ” Many of these spaces came to be known as Greenstreets, and were placed in the care of the parks department. Henry J. Stern, who served as the parks commissioner twice in the 1980s and 1990s, bestowed names and signs on some of them. He also sent letters to other government agencies asking for any unused bits of land to create more. No space was too small. “It was a way to improve the quality of life,” he said. The parks department currently oversees about 2, 000 Greenstreets, the majority of which are open to the public, Mr. Biederman said. The Sheridan Square Viewing Garden is the only one known to carry that designation, though there are other gardens and parkland that have been partly or entirely fenced in. In Brooklyn, the planting beds in Butterfly Garden beside the Prospect Expressway are set off by a      fence, though the rest of the site  —   which includes benches and a paved walkway  —   is open. A neighborhood group that maintains the garden, HomeGrown Parks Volunteers, has created a separate planting area where children grow tomatoes, green beans, basil and dill. That area is normally left open except during May and June, when there is a full harvest of vegetables. Nancy Dennigan, one of the volunteers, said someone recently wandered into the children’s planting area, which was open, and clipped off all of the ornamental pumpkins being grown for the fall. “We’re not at a point where we feel we can open up the garden area and just walk away,” Ms. Dennigan said. Adrian Benepe, a senior vice president for the Trust for Public Land who was the city’s parks commissioner from 2002 to 2012, pointed out that open spaces did not necessarily have to be open to benefit the community. Mr. Benepe, who works near the Sheridan Square garden, said   greenery brightened up roadsides, improved air quality and caught   runoff. “Not all nature needs to be walked across,” he said. “In some cases, it just doesn’t work. It’s too small, and the traffic is too heavy. ” The garden grew out of an effort by local residents to reclaim a triangular traffic island created at the junction of Barrow and West Fourth Streets and Washington Place. It had long been overrun by illegally parked cars and trucks. The   signs had little effect they were knocked over, leaving only “little stubs sticking up,” Mr. Driller said. Lou DeLuca, a chef who lives nearby, said: “It was one of the uglier spots in the Village. Now it’s a showplace. ” Even with the fence, it has not been easy to maintain the carefully landscaped garden. Thieves managed to reach through the bars or hop the fence in earlier years. “I’d get up in the morning and there would be a clump of dirt on the sidewalk and missing plants,” Mr. Driller recalled, adding that the association once had to chain plants to concrete blocks. One man climbed into the garden to sleep and the next day stored his backpack and guitar there, as if it were a hotel coat room. Eve Rothenberg, one of the volunteer gardeners, said they left him a note asking him to please remove his belongings. He did. On the back of the note, he scribbled his thanks. For many others, though, seeing the viewing garden from the outside is enough. Frank Stark, a retired antiques dealer whose apartment overlooks the garden, said he did not have to step inside the garden to enjoy it. “It’s not all about sitting down,” he said. “We have a lot of concrete in New York and we need space and greenery. Just to look at something pretty is nice. ”",0
2088,Huma Abedin: “I have no idea how the emails got on Weiner’s computer”,"VIDEOS Huma Abedin: “I have no idea how the emails got on Weiner’s computer” Long-time Hillary aide Huma Abedin has told the FBI she was not aware any of her emails were on the laptop investigators seized By Tyler Durden - October 31, 2016 
With the FBI having obtained a warrant to begin poring over the 650,000 reported emails found on Anthony Weiner’s computer, attention shifts to just what the FBI may find, with Democrats alleging that much of the thousands of emails allegedly sent from Huma Abedin’s computer are duplicates or otherwise innocuous, while critics alleging more deleted and/or confidential emails may emerge. On her, behalf, however, long-time Hillary aide Huma Abedin has told the FBI she was not aware any of her emails were on the laptop investigators seized as part of its probe info Anthony Weiner’s investigation. 
According to Politico , the FBI engaged in a back and forth over the weekend with Abedin or her attorney, when Abedin explained the situation. 
“She says she didn’t know they were there,” a source familiar with the investigation said. This is a sensitive topic for Abedin and the Clinton campaign, because on previous occasions, Huma – under oath – disclosed that all the emails in her possession had been accounted for and handed over to the FBI. 
As CNBC adds ,”there are a number of scenarios that would explain how the emails got onto the laptop without Abedin’s knowledge, including that they were somehow automatically backed up from the cloud. But investigators will want to know how this happened and if there is any indication that Abedin misled them about the existence of emails. It is a large project. Agents determined there were as many as 650,000 emails on the laptop, dating back years. The number of emails related to the Clinton investigation is likely to be much smaller. On Saturday, Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta said Abedin had been fully cooperative with the FBI investigation. “I don’t think she knows anything more than what we’ve seen in the press to date,” Podesta said Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union.” 
“I’m sure…if people—proper authorities want to ask her questions, they’ll ask her questions, but she’s been fully cooperative in this investigation.” 
The FBI is now filtering the emails using a software program that will separate out any emails that investigators have not seen before. Those will be kept in a separate file and will be examined by FBI agents to see if they contain classified material or information relevant to the Clinton probe. It is not clear what FBI Director James Comey will do with the information once the FBI obtains it. Standard practice is for the FBI not to comment on investigations — but this is not a standard situation. “We’re in uncharted territory,” the source said. 
It is possible that Comey could indicate publicly what the FBI finds before Election Day next week, but that decision has not been made yet.",0
2089,The Arrivals Bosanski Prijevod 13-ladyInRed,Support Us The Arrivals Bosanski Prijevod 13-ladyInRed,0
2090,"Donald Trump, After Dismissing Hacking, Agrees to an Intelligence Briefing - The New York Times","WEST PALM BEACH, Fla.  —     Donald J. Trump edged away on Thursday from his dismissive stance on American assessments of Russian hacking, saying he would meet with intelligence officials next week “to be updated on the facts” after the Obama administration announced sanctions against Moscow. In a brief written statement, Mr. Trump’s first response to President Obama’s sweeping action against Russia, the   reiterated his call for “our country to move on to bigger and better things. ” But he said that, “in the interest of our country and its great people,” he would get the briefing “nevertheless. ” The statement to some extent echoed his remarks late Wednesday, when he was asked at his    estate about Mr. Obama’s plan to take action against Russia. In otherwise opaque comments, Mr. Trump appeared to concede the need to make computers more secure. “I think we ought to get on with our lives,” he said. “I think that computers have complicated lives very greatly. The whole age of computer has made it where nobody knows exactly what is going on. We have speed, we have a lot of other things, but I’m not sure we have the kind, the security we need. ” Mr. Trump took questions Wednesday from a handful of reporters as Don King, the sports promoter and a longtime friend, stood next to him. He has not held a formal news conference since July, though he promised on Wednesday to hold one in early January. The   has bucked the consensus of his own party in Congress in repeatedly expressing skepticism that Russia was behind hacking during the election. His isolation was underscored by other Republicans’ responses to the Obama administration’s actions. Speaker Paul D. Ryan said Thursday that the sanctions were “overdue,” but still blamed Mr. Obama for “eight years of failed policy with Russia. ” “Russia does not share America’s interests,” Mr. Ryan said in a statement. “In fact, it has consistently sought to undermine them, sowing dangerous instability around the world. ” Senators John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina went further, saying they would push Congress for even stronger sanctions than Mr. Obama was seeking. That is a direct challenge to Mr. Trump and his advisers, who mocked intelligence agencies this month for their conclusion that Russia was responsible for the hacking. “I think it’s ridiculous. I think it’s just another excuse,” Mr. Trump said in an interview on “Fox News Sunday” on Dec. 11. “I don’t believe it. ” He linked the intelligence assessments on Russia to Democrats’ embarrassment over their loss to him. Mr. Trump has also voiced his doubts several times on Twitter. In one post, he asked, “If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act?” In another, he asserted that “unless you catch ‘hackers’ in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. ” In the posts, Mr. Trump wrongly asserted that the United States government had waited until after the election to accuse Russia. In fact, the administration announced in October that it believed Russia had been involved in the hacking of the Democratic National Committee and the leaking of the organization’s emails. Mr. Trump was asked on Wednesday about statements by Mr. Graham that the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin, should be personally penalized for the hacking. The   said he was unaware of the comments by Mr. Graham, who was a Republican candidate for president before dropping out a year ago. “I don’t know what he’s doing,” Mr. Trump said, adding, “As you know, he ran against me. ”",0
2091,Peter Schweizer: Clinton Global Initiative Folded Because They Can No Longer ‘Sell Access to Political Power’ - Breitbart,"Clinton Cash author and Breitbart News Senior    Peter Schweizer joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Tuesday’s Breitbart News Daily for what Marlow described as a “victory lap” over the demise of the Clinton Global Initiative, whose questionable activities featured so prominently in Schweizer’s book. [Marlow saluted the work done by Schweizer and his Government Accountability Institute as “some of the most essential reporting of the 2016 election,” and said they collected a “major scalp” this week with the end of the CGI.  “Thank you, Alex. Certainly Breitbart was right there. I cannot imagine how many stories —  it’s got to be north of a hundred stories on Clinton corruption —  played an essential role,” Schweizer said. He said the shutdown of the Clinton Global Initiative was a “remarkable event,” because “the Clintons have essentially made it so obvious that there’s a connection between this   charitable activity, CGI, and their political fortunes. ” Schweizer went on: They didn’t even wait until the election was a distant memory to say, you know what, we’re going to wrap this up. They ended it immediately. I think it’s just further confirmation to what we always believed, which is that their charitable activities really were directly linked to their political power, and now that that political power is gone, really honestly for the first time in 25 years  —   think about that  —   25 years the Clintons have been on the national political stage. They’re gone, and they’re essentially saying, ‘Look, there’s no need or purpose behind doing this charitable work, so we’re just going to shut it down.’ It’s a pretty remarkable step on their part. Schweizer chuckled at Marlow’s suggestion that the Clintons should have kept their organization running for a little while, with a few   boasts about how it was “stronger than ever,” just to maintain appearances. He said: No, they just rolled it up, and you’re exactly right, they didn’t pretend. In a matter of weeks from the election results —  it’s pretty stunning. I think we’ve also now got the Clinton Foundation itself, which is involved with CGI obviously, but they’re essentially separate entities. Their donations are way off. They’ve got a lot of foreign donations, the government of Australia for example, and Germany, who are essentially saying, ‘We’re not going to donate any more.’ Donations are down by some accounts by 70%. So it may be that the Clinton Foundation goes the way of CGI. “Or it could be, which I think is probably more likely —  I just can’t imagine them completely folding up their tent —  I think it will be sort of a shadow of its former self, maybe   the size of what it once was,” he ventured. “Because let’s face it, what we talked about has been confirmed by the Podesta emails, it’s been confirmed by these events: if they can’t sell access to political power, they just don’t have a product, in the form of their form of philanthropy, that people want to donate to. ”  “That presents an essential problem. That means they have to seek some office somewhere so they can still sell access. Does Chelsea now have to bring the next generation forth, so they can continue with this political apparatus? There’s a lot of talk of that, that Chelsea’s going to run for Congress, potentially in two years,” Schweizer noted. He expressed some appreciation for the difficult road Chelsea Clinton has walked, pointing out that the leaked emails from Clinton campaign chief John Podesta portrayed her as one of the few   people in the Clinton Foundation who realized something fishy was going on, and called for extensive audits. “Bill and Hillary were fine with what was going on, the aides around them were fine. It was really Chelsea who was pushing this reform agenda. So I give her credit for that,” Schweizer said, before going on to agree with Marlow that she lacks the “presence” for a successful political career, even from a   Manhattan precinct controlled by the Democrat machine. “You’ve still got to show you’ve got the chops to actually get things done for your district in Congress  …     that you have a certain innate strength and an ability to perform. I don’t think the celebrity is going to be enough,” he judged. “She’s going to have to prove that. ” He said Chelsea Clinton’s only guaranteed campaign asset would be “a lot of money, because the Clinton financial network is there. ” “Hillary Clinton did not win in November, but remember, Alex, they raised a lot of money for that race,” Schweizer pointed out. “Their ability to raise a lot of money for Chelsea I don’t think should be underestimated. ” He said that beyond vague hopes of launching Chelsea’s political career, it remained a “great mystery” where the Clintons would go from here. Schweizer pointed out: Really since 1992, they have been part of the national conversation. Bill ran for President, he said you’re getting two for one, so he made it clear immediately that Hillary was going to be a political player as well. They leave the White House just as Hillary enters the U. S. Senate. She then runs for president in 2008 and loses. She then becomes Secretary of State. And other than this window between January of 2013, up until she announced her campaign in 2015, they have been in political office with political power. I think it’s very hard to give that up, once you’ve had it. Schweizer said he doubted Hillary Clinton would try another presidential run in 2020, and that even “people in the echo chamber around them” would point out her advancing age and weakness on the campaign trail in 2016. He also suggested there was resentment of Clinton within the Democratic Party itself.  “We know they had the election wired against Bernie Sanders. We know they’ve got a lot of allies. But there is a lot of bubbling resentment among the Democratic grassroots that the Clintons need to go. They had their turn, they had their chance. A lot of Democrats are convinced that if they just had a different candidate, they could have beat Donald Trump. I don’t think that’s true, but I think there’s a lot of that thought out there,” he said. Schweizer predicted: So they may be thinking about some run for higher office again, but I just don’t think the Democratic Party is the same party of the 1990s. I think we’re going to see them —  probably kicking and screaming —  fade into history. I just don’t see this as a dynasty like the Bush dynasty, for example, where you’ve got a sort of    generation that can potentially run for national office. The Clintons just simply don’t have that, and I think we’re going to see them fade into history, essentially. As for his own future plans, Schweizer said he was “cautiously optimistic” about government ethics under the new administration, although he noted he pushed hard for   Trump to fully divest his assets, a path he chose not to pursue. “In that sense I’m disappointed, but really, honestly Alex, when you look what he has done, he has gone far beyond what I believe the legal requirements were for him to do. So I give him a lot of credit for that,” he said. Schweizer asked of Trump’s children and associates: I think really now it’s going to come down to that whole issue of performance. How do they handle these issues?’ If the kids are offered a sweetheart deal, if they have a chance to do something and think that it can go undetected, are they going to be tempted, or are they going to take that deal? That’s really what it comes down to. You can set up all kinds of structures, you can say all kinds of things, but as we’ve seen in the past with other presidents, people when they want to make a buck at the public’s expense, they’re going to find a quick way around it. “So I count myself right now cautiously optimistic. I love the Trump message of ‘drain the swamp.’ I think there’s some very serious things that he is looking at, that could get bipartisan support, to work to drain the swamp. If for no other reason, think about this: Donald Trump is the first candidate, I would have to say going back more than 30 years if not longer, who is not really beholden to the money class in Washington D. C. The lobbyists, the PACs —  they didn’t give him money, so he doesn’t feel like he owes them anything,” Schweizer said. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
2092,Comment on Eyes Wide Shut (1999) the Movie That Exposes the Illuminati by JAMES FRIDAY,"It was supposed to be an edgy thriller that made statements about upper echelon decadence, while also utilizing the real world sex life of Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman as a kind of doorway bridging the gap between reality and fantasy – something that does come up in other Kubrick films, such as 2001: A Space Odyssey. In this Kubrick film, however, we have a statement about who runs the “show.” The show is both the film itself, as well as reality, and Kubrick wants viewers to realize that reality is run by our present showmasters of the videodrome. The viewer is supposed to reflect upon the decadence of the Eastern elite establishment, but also notice that viewing the film itself is homage to present social hypocrisy, since the film is a wannabe voyeuristic step into the sex lives of others. In this regard, it functions as an initiation. None of the other analysts and commenters have really noticed this. Virtually every review I have read sees it as some elaborate “MKULTRA/Illuminati” mind control thing (as is supposedly everything on those sites), while other reviews from professors and academia see it as a social or psychological commentary. 
I think it has elements of all this, but the real goal is, I believe, an initiation process. The viewer is watching the film because he or she is curious about Hollywood secrets and elite lives. Think of all the silly gossip magazines we have. The “average Joe” went to see the film for a glimpse of Nicole Kidman, and Kubrick wants the viewer to see the hypocrisy in such an action, given that most people will “judge” the film’s secret society cult. Eyes Wide Shut, then, is a descriptor of the audience, as well as the characters in the film, who don’t really understand the sociopolitical power base that runs things. The power base is not, according to Kubrick’s film, the average politician or wealthy doctor or lawyer in New York. Indeed, this is precisely Kidman and Cruise’s characters’ status: they are unwitting inductees. Thus throughout the film, the viewers eyes are wide shut to the reality of the power structure, just as Kidman and Cruise’s characters are, until the end, when they have their eyes “opened,” as they both say at the end. Let us proceed. 
The opening scene shows us Mrs. Harford (Nicole Kidman) between two pillars. This is the doorway to the initiation, in other words. The two pillars figure prominently in Freemasonry as the entrance way to the divine, as borrowed from Solomon’s temple: 
Nicole stands between two pillars – Jachin and Boaz, setting the initiatory tone for the film. 
The two pillars of Freemasonry borrowed from Solomon’s Temple, indicating the doorway to the “mysteries” 
The viewer is being told from the beginning that they are to undergo an initiation into how the “mysteries” and the secret societies work, particularly from a sociological perspective. The Harfords, we discover, are having marital troubles related to sexual frustrations. It is also significant that it is Christmas time, when the initiatory procedure takes place, as a kind of anti-traditional religious/anti-Christian statement. It is also important to remember that all details in a Kubrick film are significant – the placement of everything is meaningful and deliberate. 
As mentioned in the picture above, the film is full of mirrors, which are symbols of the psyche, the inner world as it were, as well as other worlds. This occurs in Alice in Wonderland, for example, and this theme, as well as the Wizard of Oz, both figure prominently, and are theosophical allegories . Most commenters who note this point to it as some kind of MKULTRA control mechanism, but I think that is far-flung – more realistic would be the usage of such stories as allegories or metaphors for transformation – the metamorphosis of initiation into the “mysteries,” if you will. Both stories have theosophic undertones and symbolism, and thus constitute initiatory tales as well. When the Harford’s arrive at the party, we see a clear symbol of what kind of initiation they are going to undergo – a Satanic one, as we see from the inverted pentagram: 
The doors of their perception are about to change as they enter the party marked with an inverted pentagram. 
Ziegler, Harford’s friend, invites the couple to his parties frequently under the auspices of eventually getting them to participate in the orgies. As it turns out, there are two parties, and Mr. Harford’s old college buddy, Nick Nightingale, plays piano for both. Initially, both Harfords resist the temptation to sleep with other people, yet appear to have the desire given their own marital sexual problems. However, what we continue to suspect is not that the events are randomly occurring, but rather that it has been organized. It is not an accident that Bill Harford’s college buddy has shown up. Alice gets drunk and is then hit on by Sandor Szavost, a wealthy Hungarian. Szavost is likely a reference to Anton Szandor LaVey , the founder and High Priest of the Church of Satan. I think this is a symbolic reference, just to let us know the crowd they are being allowed to party with is ultimately an upper echelon Satanic cult. It is also interesting to note that the original story (“Dream Story”) is written about a couple who undergoes the experience in upper class Austria around the turn of the century, since Germany is the origin of the actual members of the Order of Illuminati . 
Bill discovers that Ziegler is involved in some shady dealings, and apparently has some connection to drugs and beauty queens. “Mandy,” a beauty queen we later discover, is knocked out from drugs – ‘asleep’ and nude, and we will find Alice experience something similar. Mandy has almost overdosed, and Dr. Harford tells her she cannot keep doing what she is doing: we don’t know if it’s a suicide attempt or not. It is also interesting that the nude woman in the painting above Mandy is sprawled out in the same position, as if to allude to the film’s thesis of a thin borderline between fantasy or dream, and reality. 
Next, we see the Harfords going about daily activities. Notice again the inverted pentagrams in the background: 
More inverted pentagrams pop up. 
The Harfords then have a big argument over sex and the desire to cheat, and Alice tells Bill she once wanted to have sex with a young man years ago at a hotel. Throughout their condo we see images of gateways in gardens, indicating again that this is a film about initiation. Gardens also bring to mind Eden, and the expulsion of Adam and Eve due to sin, or it could refer to their coming initiation into the “garden of the gods,” so to speak, as they are about to experience the underworld in overworld. 
Bill then leaves to visit a patient who has passed away, and begins his languorous escapade for an extra-marital affair. He finds out his patient’s daughter has a crush on him, but Bill decides to remain faithful and leaves. He begins to suspect marriage is bad for others, too, as Sandor had tried to convince Alice. Bill then roams the streets looking for sexual fulfillment, passing hookers and sex shops. He then gets harassed by a group of guys who (for no reason whatsoever) call him a homosexual, showing society’s obsession with sex. Bill bumps into a pretty hooker and is invited to her apartment. He concedes, and steps into the world of the lower class, finding that sex is an “issue” everywhere. More symbolic imagery is used, as we see the prominent placement of books on sociology in the whore’s apartment. Kubrick is showing us that he is making a statement on sociology – but not the one most people think. It’s the true sociology of how the world is really run. Bill is interrupted from his cheating and decides not to. There are also numerous masks inside the hookers apartment, showing you that society wears a mask, has a fake facade of Christianity – since there are Christmas trees everywhere – yet is anything but traditionally religious. Instead, the masks show society as a fraud. But beyond that, Kubrick wants the viewer to see that those who really run things are masked – they constitute a secret team of wealthy, upper class who remain in the shadows. In fact, this is in my estimation, to be another clue that the hooker is also not a real hooker – she is part of the secret society (hence the masks in her apartment), and is being used to reel Bill in, just like Nick Nightingale. Most hookers don’t study sociology. 
The whore is a hired member of the secret society and her apartment has masks as a clue. 
Bill leaves and runs across his buddy Nick playing at another club in town. Nick tells him about the after party – the second party that Sandor had mentioned to Alice it turns out, where Nick plays piano blindfolded. Bill is intrigued, and decides to try to sneak in, after tracking down a cheesy mask and costume at the only costume store still open. The password, Nick tells Bill, is “Fidelio,” bringing to mind the theme of marital faithfulness that has been constantly in question in the film so far. Bill finds the costume shop, named The Rainbow, which is what the two women who propositioned him at the party had already mentioned – that he can find what he is after “at the end of the rainbow.” This is a Wizard of Oz reference, and the mirrors and “Alice” have already suggested Alice in Wonderland. Bill is still oblivious, however, to the synchronicity which, in my opinion, has been planned. The events are Bill’s initiation, and he is being tested to see if he will be faithful either to his wife, his ambiguous sense of moral, or, ultimately, to the cult – hence, “fidelio.” It should be noted as well that the cult is clearly Satanic, and Lucifer, the fallen angel of Scripture, who sought to dethrone God, is the light-bearer. And of course light is a prism or rainbow. 
Bill finds what he has been led to – the end of the rainbow. 
The costume shop is run by a foreigner who pimps out his daughter, we discover, and I suspect this reference to underage sex also implies connection to the Satanic cult, since my analysis is that events are all planned. Tom then takes a cab to the mansion and sneaks in using the password. There we see a kind of initiation ritual where numerous models are inducted into the cult in a kind of mock Catholic mass, with Bill noticing everyone wearing masks. 
Masked balls go back to ancient times, but the past few hundred years they have come to mark the party life of certain cadres of the upper echelons of power. Renaissance Britain had many masked balls, as well as France, and according to Vatican insider and exorcist, Malachi Martin in his famous book Hostage to the Devil, such ritual orgies certainly do take place. Bill is tricked into revealing his identity and we get the impression the cult is going to kill him, until a girl steps forward to “ransom” herself for him. I suspect this is Mandy from earlier in the film, who now wants out of the secret society. Her way out will be death, as Bill will discover her name in the obituary for an overdose. Here is a great example of a modern masked ball of upper class elites . 
Bill takes the cab home and Alice wakes up giggling and laughing, as if she had been drugged. He tells her she was dreaming, and she starts to cry. He asks what the “dream” was and she says it was “so weird” – “we were in a deserted city and our clothes were gone. We were naked and I was terrified and I felt ashamed. And I was angry because you…rushed away to find clothes for us. As soon as you were gone it was completely different. I felt wonderful. Then I was lying in a beautiful garden stretched out naked in the sunlight and a man walked out of the woods. He was the man from the hotel I told you about – the Naval officer. He stared at me and he just laughed. He just laughed at me….He was kissing me and then we were making love, then there were all these other people around us – hundreds of them everywhere – they were all fucking. And then I was fucking other men, so many I don’t know how many I was with. I knew I could see me in the arms of all these men…and I wanted to make fun of you, to laugh in your face. And so I laughed as loud as could. And that must have been when you woke me up.” 
This, in my opinion, is a key clue to the fact that they are both being inducted into the cult. Either Alice has been drugged and doesn’t recall being used, thinking it was a dream, or she is a willing part of the initiation process for Bill, insofar as she has already been brought in. Either are possible. Bill is distraught and tries to track down the cult again, but is warned not to inquire any further. Bill decides he still wants to have an affair, and calls up the whore, only to discover she is nowhere to be found and that she has aids. Bill leaves and wanders the streets again, only to find that he is being followed by shady characters. He finds out in the paper that Mandy has overdosed, and he goes to the morgue to find out that she had most likely been killed. Bill goes to talk to Ziegler and Ziegler reveals that he is in the cult and was there that night when Bill snuck in. Ziegler warns him to not investigate any further, while Bill is shocked that his good friend is part of a secret society magic sex cult. It is also interesting that Ziegler’s house is decorated with paintings of what appear to be British aristocracy. 
Ziegler tells him that he figured out that Nick had mentioned the cult. Ziegler tells Bill he had him followed and found out he had been seeking out why Nick had disappeared. Ziegler then says, “Bill, suppose I tell that everything that happened there, the threats, the girl’s warnings, suppose I said all of that was staged. That it was a kind of charade. That it was fake?…to scare the shit out of you to keep you quiet about where you’d been and what you’d seen.” Bill tells Ziegler he saw Mandy’s body, and Ziegler says she was the one at the party. Bill asks what kind of charade ends with someone ending up dead. In other words, we find out that it was a ritual killing. Bill comes home to find the mask that he had lost on the pillow next to Alice, who is asleep. In other words, we are to suspect either that Alice knows he was there, or she is telling him that she is involved. Bill breaks down and “tells her everything.” Bill has been initiated into top dog Satanic masonry – not just the local low-level stuff. Significantly, Cruise’s character gives the Masonic sign of Secrecy – the hand on the chest with forefinger extended up, as mentioned in of Richardson’s Monitor of Freemasonry , page 86. 
Oath of Secrecy 
Here is Satanist Aleister Crowley giving the sign of secrecy. 
Bill confesses to Alice and they both are upset. After the confession the realize they had promised to take their daughter Christmas shopping that morning. In the shopping scene we see another inverted pentagram and a purposefully placed “Magic circle” game, as well as another display labelled “magic.” The couple has now stepped into the magic circle and their eyes are no longer shut. They have been “illuminated.” We had already seen a “magic circle” of models at the initiation ritual in the mansion. In the toy store, Bill and Alice discuss what they should do, deciding that they should be “grateful.” Alice says “we should be grateful that we have managed to survive through all our adventures, whether they were real or only a dream.” Bill asks if she is sure, and Alice says she will forgive one night and Bill says “No dream is ever just a dream.” Alice responds that they are “awake now, and hopefully, for a long time to come” “Forever,” they both say. ‘Let’s not say forever,” Alice retorts, “it frightens me. But I do love you, and you know, there is something very important we need to do as soon as possible – fuck.” 
Alice and Bill are surrounded by pentagrams and the “Magic Circle.” 
So the film is certainly about the different issues of marital problems our society creates, with its decadence and veneer of Christianity, as well as its sexual issues, but that is only half the story. The story is about the couple “waking up” and seeing the social power structure as it really is – rich elites who are into bizarre cults and weird sex magic. If you want your eyes opened, this is the whole point of the film. The power structure is about power and sex, but not just any old thing – particularly ritualized sex and gnostic, masonic, Satanic cult versions. This was the point of the Eden imagery, as well as the Alice and Wonderland and Oz references – the transition both from a fantasy reality of the dreamworld and base sexual desires, into the fake world of the film itself, as well as the transition from eyes shut, to awake. Not only was it supposed to be an initiation for the couple, the viewer is supposed to be initiated to the nature of the underworld, as well. This is what all the other reviewers have missed. 
On March 7, 1999, only 4 days after screening a final cut of Eyes Wide Shut for his family and the stars, Stanley Kubrick was killed by the Satanic secret societies and it was claimed that he died in his sleep of “natural causes”.",0
2093,"Rebel Attacks on Syria’s Aleppo Slow, But Civilian Toll Rises","Heavy Rocket Fire Pounds Government-Held West Aleppo by Jason Ditz, October 31, 2016 Share This 
Nusra Front-led rebels continue to try to push into Western Aleppo in an offensive they launched on Friday, but the advance appears to be slowing to a snail’s pace amid heavy resistance from the military. At the same time, the rebels continue to fire rockets against the government-held parts of the city. 
Some 84 people have been killed over the course of the offensive, most of them women and children , and the UN has been harshly critical of the rebels for their “indiscriminate” attacks against areas with a large number of civilians present. 
This has been a recurring problem throughout the battle over Aleppo, which has left the city heavy divided and badly damaged. Both sides regularly trade rocket and artillery fire, and both sides seem to have a hard time making such attacks hit anybody except for civilian bystanders. 
Over the past month the military had a seemingly decisive advantage in Aleppo, with the Nusra Front losing a growing amount of territory in the east. This newest counter-offensive is the latest in a long, long line of attempts by different factions within the city to shift the momentum in their favor, which is a big part of why, despite it being heavily contested since 2012, no one appears close to really controlling Aleppo. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
2094,"Robert Creamer Sues James O’Keefe, Project Veritas over 2016 Sting - Breitbart","Robert Creamer and his Democracy Partners consulting group sued conservative filmmaker James O’Keefe and his Project Veritas on Thursday in the District of Columbia for $1 million. [The lawsuit concerns an O’Keefe sting that exposed Creamer’s efforts to incite violence at Donald Trump’s 2016 campaign rallies to create a sense of “anarchy” around the candidate.  O’Keefe’s work revealed that Creamer and his associates, who worked with the Democratic National Committee, were involved in a tactic called “” which involved provoking Trump supporters to lash out at them, and to film those reactions, with footage to be distributed to media outlets. The Project Veritas team also showed a Creamer associate describing a complex communications system he referred to as the “Pony Express,” which Democrats used to circumvent rules against coordination between political campaigns and super PACs. O’Keefe’s work resulted in Creamer being forced to step aside from his campaign activities  —   and also exposed his close connections to the Obama White House. Arguably, his reporting shifted the momentum in the campaign. Creamer’s   complaint alleges that O’Keefe and Project Veritas “selectively edit   …     videotapes so as to distort and misrepresent what was said,” and complains that their efforts unfairly interfered with Democrats’ efforts to wreak havoc on the Trump campaign. The complaint also alleges: “The [Project Veritas] video was heavily edited and contained commentary by O’Keefe that drew false conclusions from the selectively edited videos, to charge that Plaintiffs were involved in a conspiracy to incite violence at rallies for   Donald Trump  …    ”. As a result of O’Keefe’s exposés, Creamer’s complaint alleges, Democracy Partners lost valuable business contracts from   political clients. Creamer and his company are seeking damages for alleged unlawful interception of oral communications, for civil conspiracy, and for fraudulent misrepresentation, among other torts. O’Keefe responded with a statement: Robert Creamer believes that by suing us, he can intimidate us. I will not be silenced  —   only over my dead body! We are on the right side of the law and will not stop exposing the truth.   …     This lawsuit further justifies the need to drain the swamp. Our army of guerrilla journalists, which grows daily, will continue to expose the malfeasance and corruption committed by these organizations. In fact, we will be deploying a new batch of freshly trained journalists next week to shine additional light on the cockroaches of the corrupt DC establishment. We will not be intimidated. We will not be silenced. We will find out who is funding this lawsuit. We will never stop exposing the truth. We will not back down. Project Veritas attorney Benjamin Barr added: “The First Amendment protects the rights of undercover journalists to expose exactly the sort of corruption captured in these videos. Veritas will assert its full First Amendment rights to defend itself in these proceedings. ” Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
2095,"6-minute analysis: Will FBI agents break ‘Emperor’s New Clothes’ public confusion to point clearly to .01% crimes centered in money, war, and lies? Private-server e-mails with attempted deletions by top public servant executives are ‘slam dunk’ criminal felonies","hat tip: What Really Happened 
Alex Jones’ 6-minute analysis on released e-mails: 
In context, please be clear this is not an endorsement of Trump for President. When Americans are told an election is defined by touching a computer screen without a countable receipt that can be verified, they are being told a criminal lie to allow election fraud . This is self-evident, but Princeton , Stanford , and the President of the American Statistical Association are among the leaders pointing to the obvious (and here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here ). Again, no professional would/can argue an election is legitimate when there is nothing for anyone to count. Private e-mails on private server + $2 billion Clinton Foundation – 10% for “charity” = massive criminal fraud 
Since 2001 , the Clinton Foundation has raised ~$2 billion for “charity,” but with tax records revealing only 10% of money went for programs, with apparently ~50% going directly to Bill and Hillary Clinton (and here , here ). 
A 35-second summary from Judge Jeanine Pirro; full 5-minute interview (disclaimer: this corporate media outlet will never tell the truth of US/Israel connections to create ISIS or lie-started US Wars of Aggression also requiring arrests ): 
Economic Hitman John Perkins ’ 2-minutes of context on this type of neo-colonialism capitalism: 
Clinton committed obvious federal felonies from operating a private government through her personal e-mail while Secretary of State. She lies continuously about these facts , including that she received and sent classified and confidential information . The “missing” and deleted e-mails are likely to show her trading State Department favors for Clinton Foundation donations; a primary motivation to have a private e-mail server in order to keep these communications secret. Top 5 criminal lies by Hillary Clinton in two minutes : 
A similar playbook is documented in the 1-page article, Rigged , in 2004 with President W. Bush. 
USA Watchdog’s 14-minute interview on Clinton Foundation massive fraud with Charles Ortel, which may total $100 billion: 
In addition, the Clintons deducted over a million dollars from their 2015 federal taxes for “charitable donations”: 96% of which went to the Clinton Foundation . 10% for charity, 90% for us scam same as “retirement funds” 
Public employee retirement accounts have “investment strategy” that pay Wall Street “advisors” twice as much as the cash paid to retirees. This scam has a net rate of return often costing taxpayers money rather than generating income to pay for retirees. Full explanation and documentation here and here . 
My 22-minute interview on this topic: Big Picture: ongoing US rogue state empire 
This article series defines rogue state , along with history demonstrating this has been a dominant US status for over 170 years. Please refresh your understanding to be confident of these obvious facts for your citizen voice. 
In contrast, a president and officers including Secretary of State uphold the law rather than ignore and violate it, embracing limited government under a constitution. The illegal and unlimited government crimes centered in war, money, and constant lying refute the presence of an executive branch upholding fair law. Again this is documented here . Don’t vote for evil; arrest evil 
Americans who vote for Hillary or Trump are voting with relative ignorance to continue the following, with 95%+ who would never agree if honestly briefed on the facts. Once informed, unless one wishes to bond with such evil and bullshit, one cannot vote for it. If one wishes to stand as an American under our ideals and Constitution, one must demand arrests for such outrageous crimes. 
The categories of crime include: Wars of Aggression (the worst crime a nation can commit). Likely treason for lying to US military, ordering unlawful attack and invasions of foreign lands, and causing thousands of US military deaths. Crimes Against Humanity for ongoing intentional policy of poverty that’s killed over 400 million human beings just since 1995 (~75% children; more deaths than from all wars in Earth’s recorded history). 
Ordinary Americans, US military, law enforcement, and all with Oaths to support and defend the US Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic, face an endgame choice: Demand arrests , with those with lawful authority to enact it. An arrest is the lawful action to stop apparent crimes , with the most serious crimes documented here having the most important need for arrests. Watch the US escalate its rogue state crimes under President Clinton or President Trump. 
In just 90 seconds , former US Marine Ken O’Keefe powerfully states how you may choose to voice “very obvious solutions”: arrest the criminal leaders (video starts at 20:51, then finishes this episode of Cross Talk ): Corporate media surrender to the facts, or limited hangout? 
The American public have an opening: 18 minutes of corporate media disclosure on the e-mail crisis: 
** 
Note: I make all factual assertions as a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History, with all economics factual claims receiving zero refutation since I began writing in 2008 among Advanced Placement Macroeconomics teachers on our discussion board , public audiences of these articles , and international conferences . I invite readers to empower their civic voices with the strongest comprehensive facts most important to building a brighter future. I challenge professionals, academics, and citizens to add their voices for the benefit of all Earth’s inhabitants. 
** 
Carl Herman is a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History; also credentialed in Mathematics. He worked with both US political parties over 18 years and two UN Summits with the citizen’s lobby, RESULTS , for US domestic and foreign policy to end poverty. He can be reached at 
Note: Examiner.com has blocked public access to my articles on their site (and from other whistleblowers), so some links in my previous work are blocked. If you’d like to search for t hose articles other sites may have republished, use words from the article title within the blocked link. Or, go to http://archive.org/web/ , p aste the expired link into the box, click “Browse history,” then click onto the screenshots of that page for each time it was screen-shot and uploaded to webarchive. I’ll update as “hobby time” allows; including my earliest work from 2009 to 2011 (blocked author pages: here , here ). 
**",0
2096,Tech Execs Indicted for H-1B Visa Fraud,"A pair of tech executives have been indicted for allegedly using false documents to bring in help through the   guest worker program. [Dynasoft Synergy’s Chief Executive Officer Jayavel Murugan, 46, and    Syed Nawaz are accused in an unsealed federal grand jury indictment of trying to apply for   visa workers using fraudulent documents and then hiring them out to tech firms, according to Mercury News.  Dynasoft operates as an “employment firm” that essentially leases foreign workers. The company also has an office in India. According to prosecutors, Murugan and Nawaz used the false documents to replace American workers at Stanford University, Cisco, and Brocade. Nonetheless, the employers were not looking to use the   workers, despite being named in the false documents allegedly produced by the two men. Murugan and Nawaz are charged with 26 counts including   visa fraud, using fraudulent documents, mail fraud, identity theft, and conspiracy to commit visa fraud. The federal indictments point to a much bigger problem with the   visa program, where millions of American workers have been ousted to make way for cheaper, foreign workers. President of Protect U. S. Workers Sara Blackwell, an attorney who represents American workers that are victims of the   visa system, told Breitbart Texas that fraud cases within the   program are just one facet. “Fraud is very rampant in the visa process,” Blackwell told Breitbart Texas. “The legitimate   visa program is awful enough. I see fraud   …     I hear about it constantly. It’s very, very common. ” Every year, some 85, 000   applications are applied for by tech giants, U. S. corporations, and foreign employment firms. “The big CEOs literally say that it’s cheap labor,” Blackwell said. If the   visa program had never been introduced and enacted, computer science job availability in the labor market would be up 11 percent and wages in the tech industry would have increased by five percent, as Breitbart News reported. The   visa remains incredibly unpopular with American voters. As Breitbart Texas reported, only 30 percent of Americans say companies bringing in foreign workers to fill jobs are necessary. Additionally, some 44 percent said those foreign workers take jobs away. The vast majority of Americans also said the number of   visas allotted every year to companies should either be decreased or kept at the current levels.   “reform” legislation that has been marketed by two congressmen as a step in the right direction to weeding out abuses in the   visa program would actually have zero impact, an expert told Breitbart Texas. Companies like IBM, Disney, Microsoft, and Facebook have all asked Congress to increase the number of   foreign workers that are brought into the U. S. every year, the New York Times reported, making it even more likely for American workers to be fired from their jobs to make room for foreign labor. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
2097,World War 3 Russia Threatens America with Nuclear War,"November 1, 2016 at 8:31 pm 
With all the threats from the UN putting troops in our country we need to remind them what happened to the Nazis and the camp guards after the war. Not only the UN soldiers but the countries who sent them will be held accountable for the actions of their troops. If they think the UN can protect they need to wake up. If they send a bunch of sexual predators over here we will hold them responsible. Also, we need to send as many as we can home in a box. No mercy no forgiveness stay out of our country.﻿",0
2098,"Kasich: Extreme Republicans, Democrats ’Ought to Be Marginalized’ - Breitbart","Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” while discussing the failure of the Republican bill to repeal and replace Obamacare, Gov. John Kasich ( ) called on those on the extreme ends and of the political spectrum to be marginalized.  Kasich said, “Well, there’s a way to improve all of this and to safe money and transform the system. look, if you’re on the extreme, whether you’re on the right or whether you’re on the left, you ought to be marginalized. That’s what happens when you bring reasonable Republicans with reasonable Democrats together and then you begin to see the extremes start to move a little bit to be more constructive. Right now when you start with a deck that’s only limited number of cards, then you don’t have a big hand to play. ” “Frankly, if Republicans quietly over time will reach out to Democrats, find the constructive ones, you will begin to marginalize the extremes,” he continued. “You know what, when people say in my state, we should drop 700, 000 people, a third of whom are mentally ill or drug addicted and a quarter of whom are chronically ill, we should turn our back on them? That’s not America. That’s not a country that loves all of its citizens. That’s really extreme. Frankly, it borders on mean. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
2099,Nation Throws Off Tyrannical Yoke Of Moderate Respect For Women - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Nation Throws Off Tyrannical Yoke Of Moderate Respect For Women Close Vol 52 Issue 44 · Politics · Politicians · Election 2016 · Donald Trump 
WASHINGTON—Political experts are hailing Donald Trump’s historic presidential victory early Wednesday as a resounding declaration that the nation is finally ready to cast off the tyrannical yoke of moderate respect for women that has suffocated the citizens of this country for generations. “Under Trump’s presidency, we can now look ahead to a bold new era in America in which we will no longer suffer under a repressive ideology that demands basic decency and relatively equal treatment toward half the nation’s population,” said Harvard political science professor Gregory Nagle, adding that citizens could now live free from the fear that they would never again be lightly chastised for making derogatory comments about a woman’s appearance or implying that women are less capable or intelligent than men. “For far too long, Americans have been at the mercy of an authoritarian belief system that sometimes presses employers to consider hiring women for high-level positions and, under certain circumstances, allows women to have control over their own bodies. And faced with the unsavory prospect of women receiving fair pay or having their sexual assault claims taken seriously, Americans went to the polls today and made their voices heard loud and clear. This is a bright new day for America.” In a similar finding, political scientists asserted that Trump’s election also represented a decisive move by the people of this country to shake off the brutal fetters of half-hearted attempts at racial tolerance. Share This Story: WATCH VIDEO FROM THE ONION Sign up For The Onion's Newsletter 
Give your spam filter something to do. Daily Headlines ",0
2100,"Takata Settles Airbag Suit, Averting Testimony by Its Chief - The New York Times","The airbag maker Takata on Friday settled a closely watched lawsuit involving the injury and eventual death of a woman whose car crashed in 2014. The settlement was announced moments before a critical hearing in which a judge in Jacksonville, Fla. could have ordered the company’s chief executive, Shigehisa Takada, to testify in the case. Even the lawyer representing the family of the victim, Patricia Mincey, said the sudden turn of events was unexpected. “I had no expectations at all” of a settlement, said the lawyer, Theodore J. Leopold, of the plaintiffs’ law firm Cohen Milstein in Washington. “We were preparing to go to trial. ” But Takata, whose airbags have been linked to at least 14 other deaths and more than 100 injuries, has been keen to keep Mr. Takada, a grandson of the company’s founder, out of the spotlight and away from depositions. Takata’s airbags can rupture when they deploy in a crash, shooting metal fragments toward the driver or passengers. The defect has prompted 14 automakers to recall more than 60 million vehicles in the United States and millions more overseas. Ms. Mincey was paralyzed from the neck down after the Takata airbag in her 2001 Honda Civic forcefully inflated after a collision on June 15, 2014. The airbag was among those recalled by Honda less than a week later. Ms. Mincey alleged in her lawsuit, filed the following year, that Takata had knowingly designed and manufactured airbags that were defective and dangerous. She died in April at the age of 77 from complications from her quadriplegia. “The matter has been resolved to the satisfaction of all parties,” Robert Rendine, a Takata spokesman, said on Friday. Neither side would disclose a settlement sum. Takata has generally been quick to settle other cases in which its airbags were blamed for deaths and injuries. But the company had resisted settling Ms. Mincey’s case, because her airbag did not rupture. Instead, it deployed forcefully, crushing her spine, her complaint alleged. In the course of months of pretrial hearings, Takata was forced to hand over thousands of pages of internal documents that pointed to the faking of test results by its engineers,   calculations of potential recall costs and an early understanding of potential safety risks. About a dozen Takata officials were deposed. In a series of congressional hearings on the issue, Takata has been represented by Hiroshi Shimizu, its top product safety official, and Kevin Kennedy, its executive vice president in North America. But the company has continued to shield Mr. Takada, whom company documents have shown was aware years ago of a possible widespread defect in Takata airbags. Mr. Takada said last month that he would step down, but the timing of his departure, and who will succeed him, remains unclear. The airbag defect involves propellants, or explosives, that help inflate airbags in microseconds. Takata’s propellant degrades over time when it is exposed to moisture and temperature fluctuations, which can cause its metal casing to overpressurize and rupture. According to minutes of a meeting at Honda’s American headquarters in Torrance, Calif. unsealed as part of Ms. Mincey’s case, a Honda official pressed Mr. Takada on the extent of the defect in  . “I am constantly worrying how far it spreads out,” Hidenobu Iwata, the Honda official, told Mr. Takada and other Takata executives at the meeting, according to the minutes. “I want you to study the reason quickly. ” An engineer identified only as Otaka pressed Takata on the reasons for the defect. “Why does the propellant deteriorate with age? Why does it explode? I want to know the truth. ” Ms. Mincey had also sued Honda initially, but reached a separate settlement with the automaker.. The mass recalls of Takata airbags gained new urgency last month, when federal safety regulators warned that airbags in more than 300, 000 older Honda and Acura vehicles were at an unacceptably high risk of exploding and needed to be replaced immediately. Takata also faces a   lawsuit brought by owners of affected cars and is the subject of a criminal investigation by the Justice Department.",0
2101,China Assails U.S. Pledge to Defend Disputed Islands Controlled by Japan - The New York Times,"BEIJING  —   China reacted with strong displeasure on Saturday to a promise by Defense Secretary Jim Mattis that the United States would defend two uninhabited islands in the East China Sea that Japan controls but China also claims as its own. Mr. Mattis, the first member of President Trump’s cabinet to visit East Asia, had told Japanese officials earlier Saturday that America’s defense obligations to Japan extended to the disputed rocky outposts, known in China as the Diaoyu and in Japan as the Senkaku. The chief spokesman for China’s Foreign Ministry, Lu Kang, accused Mr. Mattis of putting regional stability at risk and urged him to forgo what he called a Cold War mentality. “We urge the U. S. side to take a responsible attitude, stop making wrong remarks on the issue involving the Diaoyu islands’ sovereignty, and avoid making the issue more complicated and bringing instability to the regional situation,” Mr. Lu said in a statement posted on the ministry’s website. He described the 1960 defense treaty between the United States and Japan, which Mr. Mattis cited in pledging to defend the islands, as a “product of the Cold War, which should not impair China’s territorial sovereignty and legitimate rights. ” Mr. Mattis was not staking out a new American position while in office, President Barack Obama said that the United States would defend the islands. But the defense secretary’s words were reassuring to Japanese officials, who had been unnerved by Mr. Trump’s remarks as a presidential candidate suggesting that he might reduce America’s military commitments to its Asian allies. The disputed islands have been among a number of potential points of contention as China builds up its presence in the East and South China Seas. Chinese and Japanese vessels regularly maneuver at close quarters in the waters as China tries to challenge Japan’s control of the islands. Last year, China sent a warship to within 24 miles of the islands. President Xi Jinping of China declared much of the East China Sea to be a Chinese air defense zone in 2013, and since then China has regularly sent fighter jets to patrol the area. At a news conference in Tokyo, Mr. Mattis cited Article 5 of the United   treaty, which commits the United States to defend Japan or territories that it administers against attack. “I made clear that our longstanding policy on the Senkaku Islands stands  —   the U. S. will continue to recognize Japanese administration of the islands,” Mr. Mattis said. “And as such, Article 5 of the U. S.  security treaty applies. ” Before going to Japan, Mr. Mattis went to South Korea to offer assurances to that ally about defense commitments, and China’s reaction was similar. Mr. Lu struck a strident tone on Friday in expressing China’s opposition to American plans to deploy a missile defense system in South Korea, one that Mr. Mattis said was intended to protect the country from North Korea’s nuclear threat. “We firmly oppose” the deployment, Mr. Lu said at a regular news briefing. “This will not change and has not changed. ” The system, which China says is an American attempt to interfere with China’s nuclear deterrent, “will undermine the strategic balance,” he said. China has threatened South Korea with economic consequences if it agrees to the deployment of the system, known as Thaad, which stands for Terminal High Altitude Area Defense. With the South Korean government in disarray and a presidential election coming there, the Chinese government has been wooing the opposition Minjoo Party, which opposes the Thaad deployment. Officials of that   party have visited Beijing twice in recent months, offering reassurances that they oppose the system. While Mr. Mattis was in Tokyo on Friday, China’s top foreign policy official, Yang Jiechi, spoke by telephone with Mr. Trump’s national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn, the Foreign Ministry said Saturday. The conversation, which the ministry said was initiated by the White House, appeared to be a preparatory step for a call between Mr. Xi and Mr. Trump. The ministry’s account of the conversation was upbeat. Mr. Flynn said the United States was committed to “developing strong and powerful U. S.  relations” and “properly managing the sensitive issues,” the ministry said. For his part, Mr. Yang emphasized the two countries’ “broad common interests and great cooperation potential,” according to the ministry. Mr. Trump criticized China on a variety of fronts during the presidential transition, but the White House has had little to say about the country during the president’s first two weeks in office. And although Mr. Trump has held phone conversations from the Oval Office, several of them stormy, with a variety of world leaders, Mr. Xi has not been among them. There has been speculation among diplomats in Beijing and among American business groups in Washington that the two leaders would talk by phone in the coming days. Mr. Yang and Mr. Flynn last spoke in New York, a month after the presidential election, and from Mr. Yang’s point of view the meeting was not helpful. Just two days later, Mr. Trump astounded the Chinese government by asserting that the One China policy, under which the United States recognizes the government of Beijing and not Taiwan, was far from sacrosanct. “I don’t know why we have to be bound by a One China policy unless we make a deal with China having to do with other things, including trade,” Mr. Trump said on Fox News. Although there was no indication that Mr. Trump was reacting to anything Mr. Yang had said to Mr. Flynn, the episode was embarrassing for the Chinese official so soon after their meeting. Earlier in December, Mr. Trump upended decades of American diplomatic practice by speaking with Taiwan’s president by telephone. The Chinese have since stressed on several occasions that the One China policy is not negotiable. The Foreign Ministry’s statement on the conversation on Friday between Mr. Yang and Mr. Flynn did not say whether the two had discussed Taiwan, only that they had discussed regional affairs.",0
2102,Snap IPO Warning: Ex-Employee Says Books Are Cooked - Breitbart,"Snapchat’s social media parent, Snap, Inc. seemed headed for a $5 billion IPO until a former employee alleged in a conveniently timed lawsuit that the company misrepresented its financial position and pressured him for proprietary secrets about his former employer, Facebook. [Anthony Pompliano’s complaint claims that he only ran Snapchat’s “growth and engagement team” for 3 weeks before he was terminated. His lawyer, according to the Los Angeles Times, said: “Mr. Pompliano was terminated because he refused to participate in a scheme to deceive the public and artificially inflate Snapchat’s valuation in anticipation of its” initial public stock offering. ”  The accusations appear to allege that Snap, Inc. was seeking to violate the United States Securities Act of 1933, referred to as the “truth in securities” law. The law has the dual objectives of requiring that investors receive financial and other significant information concerning securities being offered for public sale and prohibiting deceit, misrepresentations, and other fraud in the sale of securities. Snap, Inc. spokeswoman Mary Ritti said in a statement that the complaint is without merit: “It is totally made up by a disgruntled former employee. ” Breitbart News reported in late December that with “2016 being the worst year for initial public offerings (IPOs) since the   financial crisis,” Silicon Valley was hoping Snap, Inc. as the company behind the popular chat app’s $25 billion “unicorn” private market valuation, would renew excitement for tech deals by raising $5 billion in a January. New IPOs raised a $19 billion in 2012, and the number of deals peaked at 32 in 2014. But 2016 saw only $1. 2 billion raised on 11 deals  —   fewer than half as many deals as last year and only 70 percent of the cash raised. But Snapchat is now the third most popular social app among   year old millennials, and is expected soon to take the number 2 spot from Instagram. More importantly, its penetration is even more powerful among the   year old   demographic. About 70 percent of college students report posting on Snapchat at least once a day, compared to 11 percent reporting that they post on Facebook with the same frequency. Backed by a stable of top tech venture capital firms that include Benchmark Capital, General Catalyst Partners, and Lightspeed Venture Partners the IPO had Wall Street whispering that huge investor demand for Snap shares could motivate some of the other 182 private unicorns to go public and launch Silicon Valley toward a very lucrative year. Pompliano’s complaint for damages claims that “Snapchat will not let anything stand in its way of an IPO, including obligations to represent material facts accurately. ” But a third of the suit’s 21 pages filed in the Los Angeles County Superior Court are blacked out by Pompliano’s attorney, David Michaels. He indicated to the Times that the “redactions protect information possibly subject to a confidentiality agreement between his client and Snap. ” Snap has 10 days to file a motion to maintain the redactions.   snippets from the lawsuit indicate that there are two performance metrics that the company knew were fraudulent, but still used during the recruitment process to induce Pompliano to jump from Facebook to Snap. Pompliano specifically alleges that because its chief executive, Evan Spiegel, “did not care” for numbers, Snap lacks sophisticated methods of verifying user statistics. Pompliano alleges that because his the “truth” concerning his termination would be so “potentially damaging to Snapchat’s planned IPO, terminating him wasn’t enough to ensure that the public was kept in the dark. Accordingly,   Snapchat sought to destroy his career and reputation by waging a smear campaign. ” The suit implies that Snap is still providing similar false and misleading data points to its venture capital investors.",0
2104,News: Incredibly Selfish: The City Of Chicago Wants Its Baseball Team To Win The World Series Even Though It Already Has A Bunch Of Movie Theaters And A Zoo,"Email 
If you want to see the full depths of human greed, look no further than the city of Chicago. This week, the residents of this selfish city are marching through the streets rooting for their hometown baseball team, the Chicago Cubs, to win the World Series. Yep, you heard that right. The citizens of Chicago want their baseball team to win the World Series even though their city already has a bunch of movie theaters and a zoo. 
Some people just want more and more and more. 
The endless selfishness on display here is just sickening. Apparently having dozens of movie theaters and a whole zoo to enjoy isn’t enough for the pleasure gluttons of Chicago. They need a big honking World Series victory, too. 
We’ll give you a minute to try to wrap your head around the sheer unbridled avarice of these people. All you have to do is Google “Movie Theaters Chicago,” and you’ll be flooded with the names and addresses of cinemas all over the city playing both mainstream blockbusters and art house gems, which the people of Chicago can go to whenever they want. And when they aren’t in the mood for a movie, these spoiled brats can go see exotic creatures from all over the world at the Lincoln Park Zoo. But apparently that’s not enough to satisfy these unhinged hedonists. No, they need a gigantic parade for the Chicago Cubs cutting right through the middle of their city. They need fountains of champagne and a picture of Anthony Rizzo celebrating on the front page of every major newspaper in the country. 
Hey, Chicago! Maybe if the Cubs win the World Series someone will make a movie about it, and you can go watch it in whichever one of the goddamn dozens of fucking movie theaters in your charmed little city is closest to your house. And then when the movie about your world champion baseball team is over, you can go talk about it while you look at the majestic lowland gorillas that live at your fully functioning goddamn zoo. If you aren’t sickened by what you see in the mirror, Chicago, it’s because greed has warped your minds. 
Some people are just never content, no matter how many blessings life serves to them on a silver platter. Apparently the people in Chicago will not be satisfied unless their brains are gushing dopamine in all directions at all times. They have so many movie theaters. They have a zoo. And yet they won’t be happy until the fucking president of the United States is personally congratulating them for having the best baseball team in the world. Where do they get the gall to desire a World Series victory amid their cornucopia of movie theaters and their zoo? It’s disgusting. Nothing is ever enough for Chicago. 
Fucking ingrates.",0
2105,A New Immigrant Hopes for a Culinary Career - The New York Times,"It did not matter that he could not speak English, that he was a month shy of graduating from high school, or that he would be leaving behind his mother and grandparents. Francisco Ramos’s father had summoned him to New York City. He had to go. His father had immigrated to the United States from Tenares, Dominican Republic, years earlier. In 2015, he secured a visa for his son, who joined him and three older brothers in an apartment in the Bronx. “The American dream was being sold to us,” Mr. Ramos, 19, said through a Spanish translator. “I thought I’d be better off here. ” Within a few months of the move, both of Mr. Ramos’s grandparents in the Dominican Republic died. His grief over their deaths made an already difficult period of adjustment  —   to a new city and a new pace of life  —   even harder. “My dad said, ‘I’ll take care of you,’” Mr. Ramos recalled, explaining that his father wanted him to focus on acquiring his high school equivalency diploma before worrying about a job. So Mr. Ramos made his way to the Next Generation Center in the South Bronx, where he enrolled in test preparation classes for his equivalency exam. The center, which is run by the Children’s Aid Society, helps young people make the transition to adulthood and independence. The society is one of the eight agencies supported by The New York Times’s Neediest Cases Fund. At the center, Mr. Ramos learned about an enticing opportunity: a partnership between the society and Juma Ventures, which employs young people in sports stadiums across the country. Interpreters were instrumental in helping Mr. Ramos through the interview process, and he was given a job at the food stands in Yankee Stadium. In March, the Next Generation Center drew $6, 706 from the Neediest funds, which allowed all of the young people in the partnership to buy weekly MetroCards, covering their travel to and from the stadium in the   period before they received their first paychecks. Money from the Neediest funds also enabled Mr. Ramos to buy professional attire. He was no stranger to work and responsibility, having helped his father harvest crops in the Dominican Republic. But his food service job gave Mr. Ramos a sense of purpose and allowed him to send money home to his mother and younger brother. Because of the seasonal nature of the stadium job, Mr. Ramos decided to hunt for   work. A cousin helped him get hired at Nobu Next Door, a Japanese restaurant in TriBeCa where he works as a dishwasher. Although Mr. Ramos never had ambitions to work in the industry, he now wants to become a prep cook. “Whatever it is I’m doing, if I can move up to the next step and have a better chance, this is what I want to do,” he said. To gain a leg up, Mr. Ramos sought out Brandon Henry, the catering manager at the Next Generation Center, where Mr. Henry offers basic cooking classes. He has been giving Mr. Ramos advanced    lessons, including instructions in complex knife skills and deboning techniques. “When I heard that he got a job at Nobu, I wanted to help him out,” Mr. Henry said. “He’s in a great spot right now. Whatever he needs, however I can help, I will. ” A third person often occupies the kitchen alongside Mr. Ramos and Mr. Henry, someone who translates for the two men, either a friend of Mr. Ramos, or his youth coach, Vanessa De La Rosa. His diploma studies have taken a back seat to his new career. The hard work and late nights on the job, which include a lengthy commute, have affected Mr. Ramos’s sleep. He often does not wake up for his classes, a problem Ms. De La Rosa said she had been urging him to fix. Mr. Ramos still plans to get his diploma. After that, he wants to enroll in a class to learn English, which he says he believes will increase his chances of getting into college. “I’m used to having to work, used to responsibility,” Mr. Ramos said. “If you have a positive attitude, nothing is hard. ”",0
2106,Craig Shirley on Memorial Day: World War II Soldiers and Civilians Made ‘Ultimate Sacrifice’ Without Complaint,"Craig Shirley, author of the seminal Ronald Reagan biographies Last Act: The Final Years and Emerging Legacy of Ronald Reagan, Reagan’s Revolution, and Rendezvous with Destiny: Ronald Reagan and the Campaign That Changed America, was a guest on the Breitbart News Daily Memorial Day special edition. [Shirley is also the author of an important book on one of the most significant months in all of history, December 1941: 31 Days that Changed America and Saved the World. This was the work SiriusXM host Alex Marlow asked about in light of Memorial Day.  LISTEN: Shirley noted that December 1941 marked America’s entry into World War II two years after the beginning of “a war that we swore we would never get involved in. ” “We didn’t want to get involved. There was an America First movement which rose up, which pressured the Roosevelt administration  —   civic leaders, business leaders, military leaders, everybody in America. There wasn’t anybody who really was for getting involved in another war,” he recalled. “We had a bad taste in our mouth after World War I. There was a saying going around America after World War I that all we got was debt, death, and George M. Cohan,” he said, the latter being the lyricist who wrote the enduring anthem of the First World War, “Over There. ” Shirley described America as “essentially isolationist” after the horrors of World War I, until the Pearl Harbor attack, followed by Germany and Italy’s declarations of war the following week, “changed our outlook instantaneously. ” “It’s like a cue ball hitting an   and sending it off in a radically different direction than the path it had been previously on,” he said. “It gives rise to Dwight Eisenhower, who was a   clerk on General Douglas MacArthur’s peacetime staff, who goes on to become the great commander of the   invasion, the supreme commander of the Allied forces against Nazi Germany and the Axis powers, goes on to become an underestimated but still great president. ” “John Kennedy becomes president  —   in large part, he runs in 1960 as a war hero,” he continued. “He was a war hero in World War II. Without his injuries in the Pacific, without his Navy Cross and the other awards he won, he would have just been considered a rich lightweight playboy in 1960, and would probably have lost. ” “On the other hand, it gave rise to Richard Nixon,” he added, noting that Nixon was a supply officer in the Pacific during World War II. He wryly observed that Nixon became an accomplished poker player during his leisure time during the war and won enough money to finance his first political campaign. Both his poker winnings and his wartime experience were arguably crucial to establishing his political career in 1946. Shirley observed that World War II profoundly advanced technology, in fields ranging from rocketry and nuclear power to industrial science and medicine, with both military and civilian applications. “World War Ii literally changes our world in ways that we think about, and in more ways that we don’t think about,” he concluded.  Those profound changes were not limited to America or the Western world, as evidenced by such profound events as the Rape of Nanking. “We are all guilty, I think, of being ” Shirley said. “Also, the more compelling figures of history  —   most especially Churchill and Hitler  —   are from Europe, so the European history of World War II has tended to dominate. ” However, he noted that “the atrocities committed by the Japanese were unspeakable. ” “They not only waged war against civilians, as they did in Manchuria, as they did in the Rape of Nanking, as in other aspects in the Philippines. They also, unlike the Germans, were brutally cruel to their POWs. The Germans were actually quite decent toward American and British POWs, especially pilots and officers. They treated them with a certain amount of respect. Those in POW camps were treated fairly well, relatively speaking. ” “But in the Japanese culture, in the shogunate culture that came up to dominate Japan in the Thirties, and then launched Japan into war with America, it was considered by that culture that the worst possible thing was for one man to be held captive or imprisoned by another man. That was the ultimate humiliation. It meant that they had no respect whatsoever for the American POWs, or the Australian POWs,” he explained. “This manifested itself in the Bataan Death March, in which thousands of American officers and military men, and Australians, were brutally savaged by the Japanese,” Shirley said, citing such torments as dousing prisoners in gasoline and setting them ablaze. “They performed unspeakable atrocities on American, Australian, and British enlisted men and officers  —   much, much worse than the Germans did,” he said. Conversely, Shirley agreed with Marlow’s observation that Japan learned the lessons of the war better than Germany, with respect to foreign policy and immigration in particular. “There’s an old saying about the German people: they’re either at your feet, or at your throat,” Shirley said. “What dominates Germany, dominates the culture and dominates politics, is an enormous sense of guilt, even    years later  —   over World War II, over the Holocaust, over the atrocities and the conduct of Adolph Hitler and the Third Reich toward Europeans, toward Americans, toward the British, toward Russians. Now they go in the opposite direction. ” “Whereas they were unspeakably cruel, they were horribly, evilly cruel, their natural reaction is to go just in the opposite direction and open up their gates to let in all sorts of immigrants, illegal immigrants, people from the Middle East. This is what dominates the German politics and culture in every way,” he argued. Shirley found December 1941 so eventful that he was able to dedicate a separate chapter of his book to each day. “It was a fun book to write, because there are a lot of good books on the military response to December 7 1941, but there haven’t been many books written on the civilian response  —   on the transition from a peacetime economy to a wartime economy,” he noted. He said he wanted to go into depth on what was happening across the country and around the world, inspired by childhood memories of how family dinners inevitably turned to conversations about World War II. “My grandfather would say something like, ‘Well, I bought that DeSoto before the war, but I didn’t sell it until after the war,’” he recalled. “There would be discussions about gas rationing, meat rationing, victory gardens. I just became really infused with how much the war really affected the culture of America. Iraq and other modern wars, even Vietnam, didn’t impact the civilian population too much, because they weren’t really involved. ”  “World War II was the first, and really the last, war in which the government called on the American people to make ultimate sacrifices, and they did so  —   gladly, willingly, happily. The refrain at the time, if somebody complained about coffee rationing at the local grocery store, the grocer would look at you and say, ‘Hey, there’s a war on.’ Everybody sacrificed,” he said. Shirley said his research found no evidence of extensive hoarding or black market activity to evade these wartime sacrifices despite ample incentives, since “everything was rationed. ” “The American serviceman came first in clothing, in medicine, in food, and if the American serviceman didn’t come first, it went to Britain and to Russia. The American civilian was pretty much last in line for food, goods, and services in the United States. And the irony is that nobody complained about it,” he said.  “Everybody knew what was at stake. Everybody avidly followed the war news. Everybody listened to the radio broadcasts  —   Gabriel Heatter, Lowell Thomas, and other war broadcasts. They listened to Winston Churchill, listened to Franklin Roosevelt, read their newspapers avidly, and knew about places that they’d never heard of before: The Burma Road, or Thailand, or Patton’s desert campaign against Rommel in North Africa. Everybody was knowledgeable and everybody was sophisticated in their conversations about the war,” Shirley recalled. Shirley recalled his uncle paying “the ultimate price” when he was shot down over the Pacific on his 20th birthday. He remembered childhood visits to the gravesite to leave flags and offer prayers for his Uncle Barney  —   a nickname he earned when Shirley’s   observed that his huge eyes resembled those of cartoon character Barney Google.  His father and another uncle also served in the war.  “For our family, it was deeply, deeply personal,” he said. “My grandmother would shed some tears. My grandfather would shed some tears. But there was also a certain amount of solemnity and dignity to our day,” he said of the family dinners and memorial visits. “I remember going as a child to the graveyard and seeing other families there, doing similar things for their family members, for the men in their family who had fought and died in World War II, or even World War I, as a child. I think there are many ways to celebrate Memorial Day: to think about it, to pray about it, to act on it, to do something charitable for your fellow Americans. Whatever you do, I think it’s important to do something to memorialize those who made the ultimate sacrifice,” Shirley urged. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. Listen to the full audio of Craig Shirley’s interview above.",0
2107,"Maddow Raises Possibility Trump, Campaign Innocent and ’Scandal’ Isn’t ’Existential Presidency-Ending Conflagration’ - Breitbart","Thursday on MSNBC’s “The Rachel Maddow Show,” host Rachel Maddow said there was still a “possibility” President Donald Trump and his campaign were innocent of accusations of being in cahoots with the Russian government during the 2016 presidential campaign and that this may not take down the Trump presidency.  If that is indeed the case, Maddow urged her viewers not to let their guards down against public corruption, especially as there are any other numbers of storylines to pursue while the   saga dominates the news coverage. Partial transcript as follows: The news today that we may get testimony in exchange for immunity from fired National Security Advisor Mike Flynn who is in a position potentially to know more about the scandal than anybody else, that news today revs this scandal up into higher gear that we didn’t even know we had in our national transmission, and you know, we will  —   we here at the show and I think on this network, we will cover this as aggressively as anybody. I think it’s been fair to say we have been as aggressive as anybody on this story already and that will remain the case. But I want to just plant this flag here  —   there remains the possibility that the president and his campaign are innocent. There remains the possibility that the president and his campaign are not incident  —   not innocent, but that this scandal does not prove to be an existential   conflagration, even if they are found to have committed very bad acts. There remains the possibility that at the end of this, even if these investigations continue to go as badly as they have for the president thus far, there remains the possibility that the end of all of it, he’s still president and then for the sake of our democracy, we have to figure out how we are going to regain our in tolerance for corruption and scandal and throwing our American ethical and political norms out the window. One of the consequences already of the Russia attack and it’s aftermath is that what otherwise would be presidency ending scandals in any presidential administration are like, whoo page 15, if you get there, man. I mean, when all this is over and who knows how it ends, if we are ever to regain our previous standing as a liberal democracy, right, there’s going to have to be consequences for, you know, the Carl Icahn stuff for the lying to the Senate stuff, for the personal ethics stuff, for the nepotism. Even for the political radicalism that we now see is definitely no big deal because at least it’s not treason. Whether or not the Russia scandal brings down this presidency and it might, the point of the Russia attack was to knock America down a few pegs in the eyes of the world. They win and we lose if the outcome of all of this  —   regardless of this presidency  —   is that we become a country that lets all this other stuff slide, right, we’re even rank corruption becomes normal or too small potatoes for us to worry about it. We cannot let ourselves be the American generation where the standard slipped that badly, right, where that happened. At some point, we’re going to have to get back to zero in terms of being able to be shocked by corruption, nepotism and crime in government. We’re going to have to get back to zero when it’s all done. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
2108,"Last Days of John Kirby: Hapless State Rep Gets Owned Again, Throws in the Towel (Video) - Russia News Now","This post was originally published on this site 
John Kirby has been spokesman for the US State Department since May 2015. In the short time he’s held the post, he’s produced one gaffe and embarrassment after another. Basically, he makes the previous ginger-haired smartass spokesgirl representing the United States, Jen Psaki, look like a genius. (Psaki left State to be Hillary’s spokesgirl at the White House, only to find herself in the center of a gaggle of devastated aides as Barack Obama acknowledged Donald Trump as president-elect.) 
In State’s latest charade, Kirby callously threw out more tired accusations of Russian aircraft bombing hospitals in Aleppo. The claims came from “credible relief organizations” — probably State/CIA fronts created precisely for the sole purpose of making such accusations. Probably a lot like the “Syrian Observatory for Human Rights,” which is still cited by western propagandists even after it was demonstrated to be a western intel op with literally 1 guy sitting in a UK flat making crap up. 
When questioned by RT reporter Gayane Chichakyan to specify which hospitals, Kirby refused, referring to the “relief organizations.” He then demanded Chichakyan ask “her” defense ministry to own up to bombing the apparently fictional hospitals. When Kirby was derided by AP’s Matt Lee for his treatment of Chichakyan, he blustered, “ I’m not putting Russia Today on the same level with the rest of you. “ 
[embedded content] 
Unable to defend his ludicrous claims, Kirby went ad hominem, attacking RT as “state owned” – apparently forgetting that BBC, France24, Germany’s ARD and ZDF, and many other western broadcasters are state-owned or controlled. 
In summary, the exchange went like this: 
Kirby : Russia has bombed civilian hospitals in Aleppo! 
RT : Which hospitals were bombed? 
Kirby : I don’t know, ask your defense ministry. 
RT : If you tell us which ones, we can ask our defense minstry about them. 
Kirby : I don’t know which ones, ask the relief agences. 
RT : Which relief agencies? 
Kirby : I don’t know which agencies…..and by the way, RT is state-owned! So there! 
Johnny’s probably got a short fuse now that he knows his days of spinning out Ministry of Truth tripe are numbered. There is little prospect Donald Trump, who seeks rapprochement with Russia, will retain these useless, lying, neocon trained asshats in his administration. If they actually lied well, that would be a different story. But US diplomats are some of the worst fibbers in the business. Y ou almost have to pity the bastards. Maybe it’s because to tell a good lie, you need a least a kernel of truth. They have literally zero facts on their side to work with. 
Altogether one more pitiful, pathetic performance by the US Department of State, and another disgrace to the United States. And, we hope, while looking forward to the next US administration with guarded optimism, one of the last. Related ",0
2109,Big Expose! Why Mamata Banarjee is attacking Modi on Black Money? Watch VIDEO!,"Viswajith | November 15, 2016 | Viral Videos | 11.5k SHARES 
Mamata Banarjee and Arvind Kejriwal are the two chief ministers who are opposing Modi madly! Yesterday we have exposed Kejriwal and his intentions, Today we are exposing Mamta Banarjee and the secret behind her opposition to black money! This video will give you an exact idea about Mamata Banarjee as a corrupt political Leader! Watch the video below and share this massively.. 11.5k ",0
2110,A Struggling Theme Park Asks: Do You Still Believe in Santa? - The New York Times,"NORTH POLE, N. Y.  —   On a snowy shoulder of Whiteface Mountain in the Adirondacks, beyond   signs advertising “North Pole, N. Y. ” and “Rides, Shops, Shows,” several parking attendants pushed a sedan, its tires spinning, into a packed lot. The car’s occupants spilled out, joining other families who   through snowdrifts  —   just about everyone smiling, some tossing snowballs  —   toward the entrance to Santa’s Workshop, a theme park from another era. Inside, a line to Santa’s house snaked toward a   North Pole, where families posed for selfies and a boy in a puffy snowsuit touched his tongue. Some families roasted marshmallows around a fire pit or wandered into the reindeer stable, where the animals were bedded down and out of reach of little hands. A boy raced from stall to stall, stopping in front of an empty one and shouting, “Where’s Donder? Where’s Donder?” (Donder and Dasher, an attendant elf later explained, had been feeling ill so they were recovering in a nearby pasture.) While it appeared to be a   scene, Doug Waterbury, the owner of Santa’s Workshop, said, “It’s a challenge to keep the door open, frankly. ” “We lose money or break even every year,” Mr. Waterbury added. “Attendance is down. It’s hard to get up in the morning to push snow, feed reindeer and then look at all that red ink at the end of the year  —   and it’s not red because of Christmas. ’’ Santa’s Workshop in North Pole, in Wilmington, N. Y. is among the last of the theme parks in the region, outlasting the Land of Makebelieve, Frontier Town, Time Town, Gaslight Village and other Adirondack roadside attractions. Since 1949, Santa’s Workshop, an alpine village scaled for children, has welcomed families along the Whiteface Mountain Veterans Memorial Highway, a scenic road that meanders toward the peak’s   summit. Today, the park’s Technicolor   buildings and   rides are a kitschy throwback that draws dedicated fans fueled by nostalgia, who return with their children or grandchildren to share their childhood experience of seeing Santa and his reindeer. Near the Candy Cane Express train, Carrie McDonald, 41, who lives in Harveys Lake, Pa. and her sister, Erin Richburg, 37, who lives in Philadelphia, watched their children flap arms and legs into snow angels. “We came up in 1984 with our grandparents and have really vivid memories,” Ms. McDonald said. “We’ve made it a tradition to come back. Right now we’re choosing this over Disney. ” Ms. Richburg added, “It’s   and simple. It’s all about Santa. ” Standing by the park’s outdoor amphitheater, where Mary and Joseph trudge to the manger, Corinne Curtis, her husband, Dave, and their children, Jack, Deacon, Kainen and Londyn, who range in age from 8 years old to 16 months, were back for a second year, visiting from their home in Binghamton, N. Y. “The   feeling is what appeals to us,” Ms. Curtis said. And Santa, of course. “He’s a sweet Santa,’’ she said. “He takes the time with them. It’s not like other commercial places. ” But in the 21st century, a nice St. Nick might not be enough to sustain a theme park in a remote part of the state. Santa’s Workshop’s inaccessibility  —   far from metropolitan areas, including five hours from New York City along twisty mountain roads  —   is “part of the mystique of the place,” Mr. Waterbury said. But it has also contributed to its decline. In 1967, the final stretch of Interstate 87  —   through the eastern Adirondacks  —   was completed, punching a direct route from New York City to Montreal. It bypassed communities with    motels and cabin colonies as well as diners and attractions that had flourished in the years after World War II. In the 1940s, when three businessmen, Julian Reiss, Harold Fortune and Arto Monaco, came up with idea of a destination where it was always Christmas, they hadn’t anticipated     roller coasters or parks built around Walt Disney’s characters. (In fact, before Disneyland opened in Anaheim, Calif. in 1955, Walt Disney visited Santa’s Workshop for inspiration and to consult with Mr. Monaco, according to Mr. Waterbury.) The recession of 2008 pummeled the Adirondack travel industry. The unpredictability of the weather has also presented challenges, including Tropical Storm Irene in 2011, which damaged the park. Attendance has dropped steadily since the 1970s, and now the park attracts no more than about 1, 000 people on most days  —   a far cry from the over 14, 000 customers who would show up in the 1950s. But the biggest hurdle for the theme park, Mr. Waterbury said, is the weakening hold that the story of Santa has on children today. In the 1950s “a    might still believe in Santa Claus,” Mr. Waterbury said. “It’s unusual today that a kid over 7 or 8 still believes. There’s an urgency to get families to bring their kids here before they grow away. ” In the lobby of the Jack Jingle puppet theater, where juice glasses, coasters and other memorabilia are displayed, Danielle and Paul Raimondi, from Center Moriches, N. Y. showed their daughters, Isabel, 13, and Sophia, 10, sacks spilling over with 60 years’ worth of letters addressed to Santa Claus. After the girls wandered away, Ms. Raimondi whispered, “A lot of people in our   ’s school were talking about not believing, and we wanted to show her that he still does exist. ” Mr. Waterbury, whose company, Empire Attractions, buys troubled assets, joined Bob Reiss, a son of Julian Reiss, as a   in 2004. A decade later he bought out Mr. Reiss after earning his trust that he was committed to keeping the park’s spirit alive. Mr. Waterbury said he felt an obligation to loyal Santa fans, the community and the park’s history. Mr. Waterbury recently hired a new general manager, John Collins, who has many years of experience in the theme park industry. They’re trying to figure out ways to bolster summertime attendance, the workshop’s most dismal season. “I’m not going to let it go,” said Mr. Waterbury. “There are enough bad things. This place is about what’s good in life. ”",0
2111,"In Video, Sacramento Police Appear to Try to Hit Man With Their Car Before He’s Fatally Shot - The New York Times","The Sacramento County district attorney is investigating the fatal police shooting of a homeless black man who was hit 14 times in an encounter that was captured on dashboard cameras, leading to calls by his family for a federal investigation and for murder charges to be filed against the two officers. A lawyer for the family of the man, Joseph Mann, who was in his early 50s, said he had asked the Justice Department to investigate the episode in July, in which the white officers appeared in the video to be trying to run him over with their patrol car. “I see it as murder,” John L. Burris, a lawyer for the family of Mr. Mann, said on Monday. “They treated this person like he was a worthless human being. ” The officers were investigating reports on July 11 of an “armed man who was acting erratically” when they encountered Mr. Mann, according to a police statement. Police dashboard video footage shows them chasing Mr. Mann with their patrol car as he fled on foot. “I’m going to hit him,” one officer is heard saying. “Go for it,” another says. When the patrol car stopped, the officers ran after Mr. Mann and fired over a dozen times, according to the footage. He was later declared dead at a hospital. The video was one of three dashboard clips that the Police Department released on Sept. 20 after the shooting. But the case gained new attention after audio of the officers’ remarks were highlighted by The Sacramento News and Review  and by The Sacramento Bee last week. The shooting has raised questions about the department’s tactics and the officers’ response to someone who appeared to be behaving erratically. Mr. Mann’s family has described him as being mentally ill. On Monday, Mr. Burris said he had sent a letter urging the Justice Department to investigate the Police Department and the officers’ use of a car “as a deadly weapon. ” He wants the district attorney’s office to charge the officers, John Tennis and Randy Lozoya, with murder, and said that with the release of the audio information from the dashboard camera, he had updated a federal lawsuit filed more than a month ago that alleged the excessive use of force. Shelly Orio, a spokeswoman for the district attorney’s office, said in an email on Monday that the office was investigating the shooting. In his letter, Mr. Burris wrote that Officer Tennis had a “long history of disturbing behavior,” referring to an episode in 1997 in which a black man, Albert Thiel, 35, died after the officer placed him in a chokehold. A Sacramento Police Department spokesman, Officer Matthew McPhail, when asked in a telephone interview on Monday whether the two officers had previous discipline issues, said he did not have records immediately available. He said the two officers, who had more than 25 years on the force, had been taken off patrols and placed on modified duty. Citing the civil suit, he referred further questions to the city attorney, James Sanchez, who did not immediately return a telephone message seeking comment on Monday. In  a statement on July 11, the Police Department said witnesses had reported a man with a knife, and one said the suspect had a firearm in his waistband. When officers arrived, they tried to “ ” the situation, the statement said. Mr. Mann threw an object at one of the police vehicles following him, the authorities said. Officers shouted at him through the patrol car’s loudspeaker to “get on the ground,” put his hands in the air, stop walking and drop the knife. “Sir, we don’t want to hurt you drop the knife,” an officer can be heard saying in one of the dashboard videos. The police statement said that Mr. Mann was “reaching for his waistband as if he was trying to retrieve a weapon” and that he charged at a police vehicle with a knife held above his head. After the officers chased him, he “turned back towards them, armed with a knife,” and they opened fire, the police said. Police Chief Sam Somers Jr. said at a news conference on Sept. 20 that the officers had fired 18 shots, 14 of which struck Mr. Mann, according to The Associated Press. A cellphone video posted on Mr. Burris’s YouTube channel shows Mr. Mann performing what looked like martial arts moves in the street as officers asked him to drop the knife. The lawyer said that the officers “had a right to respond,” but that Mr. Mann’s “odd maneuvers” reflected a person who was having mental and emotional problems. “That is the kind of assessment the officers should have made,” he said.",0
2112,Comment on Police Admit Officers May Also Be Responsible For Gunning Down Orlando Nightclub Patrons by George,"Home / Badge Abuse / Police Admit Officers May Also Be Responsible For Gunning Down Orlando Nightclub Patrons Police Admit Officers May Also Be Responsible For Gunning Down Orlando Nightclub Patrons Jay Syrmopoulos June 14, 2016 233 Comments 
Orlando, FL – New details have emerged that may shed more light on the extreme casualty count in the Orlando nightclub killings. On Monday, Orlando Police Chief John Mina intimated that some of the victims may have been killed by officers trying to perform a rescue operation. 
“I will say this, that’s all part of the investigation,” Mina said. “But I will say when our SWAT officers, about eight or nine officers, opened fire, the backdrop was a concrete wall, and they were being fired upon.” 
A confidential law enforcement source close to the investigation said a crowd of up to 300 people within the club — combined with the complex layout of the structure — may have resulted in numerous patrons being struck by gunfire from officers, according to WFAA-ABC 8 . 
Mina stood by his decision to employ a tactical strike amidst the rising likelihood that a number of the dead were the result of “friendly fire” from officers. 
“It was a hard decision to make, but it was the right decision,” he said. “Our No. 1 priority is on saving lives, and it was the right decision to make.” 
Details of the investigation are a being pieced together by local, federal and state investigators, as they continue to process the gruesome scene from a number of law enforcement mobile command units. 
Authorities have determined that Mateen, 29, walked to the club at 2:02 a.m. armed with a semi-automatic long rifle and a Glock handgun. 
An off-duty police officer working security at the club was outside investigating an underage drinker when he heard gunshots inside the club. The off-duty officer then proceeded to run inside the club and exchange gunfire with Mateen, with three additional officers soon arriving to back up the off-duty cop, law enforcement sources told WFAA-ABC 8. As the officers fired at Mateen, he retreated into a bathroom toward the rear of the club with a number of hostages. 
“Those additional officers made entry while the suspect was shooting,” Mina said. “They forced him to stop shooting and retreat to the bathroom where we believe he had several hostages.” 
While in the bathroom Mateen called 911 three times, pledging his allegiance to the Islamic State during one of the calls, although currently he has no known affiliation with any specific terrorist group. Mateen has been linked with American suicide bomber Moner Abu-Salha — who drove 16 tons of explosives into a Syrian government facility on behalf of Al Qaeda-linked Nusra Front in late May of that year. The men had also attended the same Eastern Florida mosque. 
It has since come to light that he was a regular at the gay club, which raises serious questions about the credibility of his Islamist “terrorist” connection, and raises the possibility that Mateen suffered from severe identity issues that manifested in violence. The FBI confirmed that Mateen had been on their radar and had been interviewed on 3 separate occasions. 
“He was in one bathroom fortified with hostages,” Mina said. “There were people in the opposing bathroom, about 15 or 20 people. And the details are unknown, they’re part of the investigation.” 
Orlando police crisis negotiators that spoke with Mateen said he remained calm during the talks, but that he intimated that he intended to kill more people, Mina said. 
“Based off statements made by the suspect and based on information we received by the suspect and from the hostages and the people inside,” Mina said, “we believe further loss of life was imminent. I made the decision to commence the rescue operation and do the explosive breach.” 
The SWAT team attempted to topple the exterior wall leading to the bathroom that held 15 to 20 people, but failed, so Mina decided to use a Bearcat to break a hole in the wall. The vehicle rammed the wall, creating a small opening — about 3 feet wide and 2 feet off the ground — that captives could use to escape. 
“We were able to rescue dozens and dozens of people who came out of that wall,” Mina said. “The suspect came out of that hole himself with a handgun and a long gun and engaged in a gunbattle with officers where he was ultimately killed.” 
Mateen engaged officers immediately , striking one of them in his helmet, as officers returned fire striking the assailant several times. 
The exterior concrete wall where the siege occurred is dotted with dozens of bullet holes, evidence of a shootout that included dozens of rounds fired by officers that likely hit and killed many hostages. 
The final exchange of gunfire Mateen had with law enforcement occurred at 5 a.m., ending the three-hour ordeal. Officers then walked into the nightclub and found the dead bodies of club patrons strewn about the club, with more bodies found in a nearby bathroom. 
There is a strong likelihood that we will never find out how many of the victims were ultimately killed by “friendly fire”. Jay Syrmopoulos is a political analyst, free thinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay’s work has been published on Ben Swann’s Truth in Media, Truth-Out, Raw Story, MintPress News, as well as many other sites. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu. Share 
swat teams are responsible for cleaning up the scene the fbi created Prince 
Where’d they put all dead bodies? john smith 
wut? the swat teams have been proven to be the real killers in these false flags..so ummm they did not put them anywhere Prince 
Just wondering, as I didn’t see any footage of mass bodies being loaded into hearses. Mighty-Morphin Larry 
only time will tell… mrshouse 
Why won’t we find out? Can’t they tell from the bullets used to kill the victims? Matthew Shapiro 
The forensic examination and reconstruction will most definitely determine which rounds were fired by police vs. terrorist, even if it is not possible to identify the particular officer who fired each shot. Sangreaal 
They would be able to tell which gun fired what bullet via the rifling signature, so sure, they can indeed find out which officer fired the shot. Anon22385 
lol, all of the bullets fired by the officers will be found to be “significantly damaged as to prohibit accurate analysis”… 2broke4 her 
exactly, and the rounds would go through most people if not all of them, unless damaged by ricocheting off something and stayed intact in the victim, then too distorted to pin point which cop..imagine a cop being told he/she killed several people.. that should make his/her day! Jo6346 
I make in the range of $6.000-$8.000 /month doing an online job. So if you are willing to work simple online jobs for several hours /a day from your house and earn good payment in the same time… This is perfect for you… http://ur1.ca/p7vx2 
hkhjhj 
The sarcasm was wasted on you. spg210 
Rounds do NOT go through most people. Even at close range, unless a high powered weapon is being used. Even then the range is a deciding factor. Where did you even get that from? 2broke4 her 
funny the ones i knew in Nam went through their bodies! A 22 magnum will go through a person unless it hits bone.. the .44 special Bulldog, i have the round travels around 850 fps, it wont go through a person unless the area is unobstructed and soft tissue.. a .45 Colt 875fps wont go through either.. a cop i know was shot with a .223 at about 150 feet away and it went clean through.. in reality it comes down the factors of ballistics and if the round is affected by an obstacle, as in Bone or soft tissue.. 
They may go through, but they may also turn, and fragment. There is some very dense, and hard tissue in humans, and also tissue that is very light. benbernecky 
you’re overlooking the trail that is always left by the spent casings on the ground. How many of which caliber and their location gives a lot of clues as to how a shooting went down. If for instance they find 30 spend casings in the bar with the shooters firing pin “finger print” and other firearm indicatives like extractor marks etc. That’s why you always see spent casings designated wi5th a marker. The only problem, besides grief obviously, I have is the knee-jerk reaction to enact more inane stupid senseless gun laws that only disarm citizens of their 2nd amendment rights. You are supposed to have access “shall not be infringed” access to the heaviest firepower it takes to prevent your government from putting you into a FEMA camp. The 2nd amend. is NOT a duck-hunting right. Its for self protection. One person armed with a concealed gun would have made a world of difference and you ALL know it. CA just passed a pile of anti-gun, anti-citizen gun laws. One requires ALL parts of guns to have serial numbers? That’ll really make the jihadists think twice huh? We are not fighting a gun, we are at war with Islam jihadist which their Quran -only one- calls for all adherent’s to kill infidels- like myself. Good luck with that any of you jihadists out there. Molon Labe! Tothe 
FMJ v. JHP? Do we know which bullets were used by either side yet? 2broke4 her 
true Jeremy Shives 
My rounds go through 250lb deer at well over 100 hundred yards. Since they haven’t yet released which MCX setup the guy had we don’t know if it was 5.56, 7.62, or 300 BLK. I can assure you that 7.62 and 300 BLK will def go through a human at close range. You have to remember though the officers who may have hit patrons fired through a concrete wall first so I would suspect those rounds would be pretty messed up prior to hitting club goers… disqus_s4n9NxE7Bi 
of course. Bill Garrett 
The shooter was using .223. The SWAT team was most likely using 5.56 NATO which fires the exact same bullet. Most likely 90% of the bullets fired that night were 77 grain Sierra Match King hollow point .223. Good luck guessing which rifle they came out of. Friend of Tibet 
Even for 9mm the cops were most likely equipped with Glock pistols as well. NortonSmitty 
Orlando issues .40 S&W. Bill Garrett 
Looks like the reporting was wrong (really? the media calling a random rifle AR-15 because it was black and magazine fed?). If the shooter was using a Sig MCX then it would have been 300BLK rather than .223. LE may have been using 300BLK as well, but it was most likely 5.56. benbernecky 
I seriously doubt they won’t be able to identify any bullet. If you believe that you do not know ballistics or what rounds police prefer/required to use in close encounters. A FMJ will usually get cleanly through a human without causing blood loss trauma. That is what kills is massive blood loss. That’s why anyone trained to use a gun shoot at the core of a human target -head included. At a distance as the 223/5.56 slows down it has time to mushroom and deform causing massive soft tissue damage but can still be survivable. At close range most high powered bullets do not have time to distort even hollow points that hit nothing solid .Been doing ordinance, and ballistics all my life kids. katz ro 
They probably can’t tell if the bullet went all the way through Friend of Tibet 
Both sides used .223/5.56mm ammunition during the attack. So we are talking about exact same bullets here. disqus_s4n9NxE7Bi 
or so we’ve been told. (both sides using same ammo) Friend of Tibet 
Police uses ar15 and Suspect used SIG MCX, both chambered in .223/5.56 NATO round. So yep…… Robert Karp 
No. The difference would be the the ones used by the terrorist was a hunting round and the bullet would perform differently from the rounds used by the police. The police rounds do less damage to the body, because the hunting round is designed to most assuredly kill it’s target. They both kill but you’re more likely to survive a police round because it doesn’t expand and splinter as much. Friend of Tibet 
Gimme a break. Orlando shooter used a SIG MCX as primary weapon. It is a Tactical Semiautomatic rifle intended for LEO market. As someone who regular shoots ar15 with friends for .223/5.56 there are no so called “hunting round “and “Police round”. Both sides use off the shelf Ammunition and both sides used FMJ type ammunition. Police do not and will never choose ammunition of ” less damage to the body” on their duty rifle because they are looking at maximum stopping power. disqus_s4n9NxE7Bi 
that’s what we’ve been told, kind of convenient, no? Lily Munster 
They’re going to shut your theory down. Tom Losh 
The active shooter and many of the police were using the same ammo – .223/5.56 – and at the distance they were firing from I suspect many/most of the bullets went right through the victim so all you have is a quarter inch entry wound and a larger exit wound with no hint of what weapon it came from… 
The cartridges used may be the same as the M-16s used by the police. The rifling may be different, but high velocity rifle rounds often break up when hitting flesh, walls or floor at short range. kat 
If you google the location you will see that the bar was not very big. I can’t see how 300+ people fit into the place. The parking lot holds no more than 20 cars and it is bigger than the bar. The videos that you see on tv of people carrying other people actually shows them walking towards the bar and not away from it. You can see for yourself. https: [email protected] 
Oh fucking please! Get an education fool! Prince 
Flagged for profanity, and not a false flag John J Publicus! WestDetroitNigga 
Can you be flagged for stupidity? Bobby5939 
Perhaps you better open yours eyes son. The raw footage is everywhere of the errors they made. Education means nothing without common sense, and common sense would dictate if you are helping injured people that were shot in the club, they would be walking AWAY from the club, not towards it. 
You lose bucko. John J Publicus 
Sure you would. Except for the hospital that’s two blocks away in that direction. 
Do you need to work hard to get to your level of batshit crazy or is it more something you’re born with? kat 
So they carried everyone in the wrong direction first then they decided that the hospital was in the other direction so they turned around and started carrying people 4 blocks in the other direction. Is that correct? Where would ambulances be at this point? Or even police cars would be better then people carrying people with no blood what so ever on them……. John J Publicus 
Go it. You need to work REALLY hard to reach your level of utter stupidity. 
Funny, I’d have thought it more of a calling…. kat 
The video’s are very clear, I’m not the utterly stupid one here. You and your actors failed to fool the public once again. John J Publicus 
You’re cute!. Do you actually think I’m ‘debating’ you? disqus_s4n9NxE7Bi 
Can you send me links to where I can see this footage? I haven’t seen it- or noticed the observations you noticed. But i did notice a lack of bodies. Pist-Off 
http://investmentwatchblog.com/100-proof-nobody-died-in-the-orlando-homocaust-doctors-victims-are-fake-lone-gunman-doesnt-seem-possible/ kat 
Go to youtube Orlando false flag and you will see many videos of mistakes they made while producing this false flag. john smith 
excellent point. Mark Choi 
No it’s not. Anyone who has ever gone to clubs that size knows full well what capacity they have. The idea that there could not have been 300+ patrons would only come from an ignoramus with no experience with matters at which he pretends expertise. John Willis 
yaa like 300 plus fit in there no way Rogue cops cost us money 
Bullshit It is called ballistic…….. There is a strong likelihood that we will never find out how many of the victims were ultimately killed by “friendly fire”. We may never know it depends on how FDLE does their job. Past performances dictate it will be a shit job, and all ballistics related information will be ignored tainted or covered up. disqus_s4n9NxE7Bi 
Unfortunately, we will never know. Has our gov’t or any other governmental entity every admitted to fault or wrongdoing? (serious question) I mean even on a different scale hell- cops kill black kids in plain sight and not one has been charged/convicted. Bob Btme 
Good thing law enforcement was focused on “underage drinking” Andy Cripps 
Multiple shooters theory kind of proved, just not quite as the conspiracy theorists had imagined. All so tragic. I suppose a fast acting consciousness blocking gas canister through the hole created in the walls to subdue the shooter was out of the question, do they exist even? spg210 
I guess that’s kind of like asking why didn’t the cop use his taser instead of shooting the suspect. David Hall 
Cowards waited almost three hours to breech the bar and ended up killing probably 15-20 hostages. They will never release how many were killed by cops. 50 fucking people get killed and that one cop running around showing everyone he got shot in his kevlar helmut. Like anyone is worried about the little knick in his helmut, compared to over 100 people being shot. Guy 
Easy enough for you to accuse people of cowardice as you sit safe, fuzzy and warm in your easy chair while, weekend quarterbacking of police who were trying to make safe almost 300 people from a deranged homicidal killer armed with a AR-15 type of assault rifle and a clock, who is shooting and killing people, in a very enclosed space with no rear exits ! Be sure to let everyone know how you from your vast experience, would have done it differently to keep people from being hurt or killed, from sniper or friendly fire, in a situation that was changing from minute to minute. Guy’s like you, who take cheap shots, piss me off ! Easy enough for you to flap your opinion about it, as long as there is a captive audience ! But put your ass on the line were it counts, and you all become very quiet ! SexForUs 
There is no such thing as an assault rifle. 
An assault is an action. 
My fist is a weapon. Me throat punching you with it for being a fucking idiot, would be an assault. 
Guy’s like you talk a lot of shit defending people who did what was mentioned and yet, where is your fucking vast experience? spg210 
“‘GUYS’ like you” I see what you did there. John J Publicus 
The military themselves named this type of rifle an ‘assault’ rifle when it was developed around the time of Vietnam. It was developed to REPLACE a ‘wood’ rifle, the kind your type like to compare the AR-15 to (the rifle used was a ‘souped up’ version of an AR-15) and claim its ‘just like the other rifle, with different pajamas’ or some such shit. 
No morons, the military developed this weapon to REPLACE rifles like the Garrand specifically BECAUSE is performed better. Faster rate of fire, more reliable, larger magazines that are faster to load, lighter and changes very quickly. They also required a smaller, lighter round that would have the same or similar stopping power to the 30.xx cal that was in current use (they did this with added velocity). I’m actually paraphrasing the requirements that the armed services had developed for this weapon. The ‘auto fire’ feature was almost dropped and later modified to 3 round bursts for accuracy and because troops could not keep the weapon on target under auto fire. Different suppressor/compensator fixtures were later added to correct that. 
So you see, this rifle and all it’s variants were originally developed to do one thing, kill people, as quickly and as efficiently as possible. Nothing you ammosexuals say or do can change this history and frankly, the more you continue to padal this crappola, the more you will look like utter morons to anyone who actually KNOWS the development history of this weapon! John Willis 
and the military designates that as a “select fire ” small arm ,,youre blowing smoke troll or youre chooomin benbernecky 
yes there are assault weapons, a 50 cal is most certainly an assault weapon. But since they are illegal -assault weapons that is -then when the media starts doing the AR-15 monkey dance and screaming assault weapons we all know what they’re trying to spite out is the term “semi-automatic rifle”, but assault weapon sounds more dramatic, to hell with truthful accurate journalism. it all went out with the ol “untouchable” supreme court. Rights judge Roberts? SexForUs 
FDR’s NFA of 1934 already requires machine guns to be heavily taxed, highly regulated and registered with the federal government but it isn’t an assault weapon. 
An assault is an action and regarding the Jackals in Black Robes, I’ll refer to Thomas Jefferson’s take on that Bench of Control Freaks. 
homas Jefferson strongly opposed the doctrine of judicial review, and feared it would lead to “judicial despotism,” an opinion he voiced often. 
Jefferson wrote to Abigail Adams (wife of former President John Adams) in 1804: 
“The Constitution… meant that its coordinate branches should be checks on each other. But the opinion which gives to the judges the right to decide what laws are constitutional and what not, not only for themselves in their own sphere of action but for the Legislature and Executive also in their spheres, would make the Judiciary a despotic branch.” 
to Spencer Roane in 1819: 
“In denying the right [the Supreme Court usurps] of exclusively explaining the Constitution, I go further than [others] do, if I understand rightly [this] quotation from the Federalist of an opinion that ‘the judiciary is the last resort in relation to the other departments of the government, but not in relation to the rights of the parties to the compact under which the judiciary is derived.’ If this opinion be sound, then indeed is our Constitution a complete felo de se[act of suicide]. For intending to establish three departments, coordinate and independent, that they might check and balance one another, it has given, according to this opinion, to one of them alone the right to prescribe rules for the government of the others, and to that one, too, which is unelected by and independent of the nation. For experience has already shown that the impeachment it has provided is not even a scare-crow… The Constitution on this hypothesis is a mere thing of wax in the hands of the judiciary, which they may twist and shape into any form they please.” 
to William C. Jarvis in 1820: 
“To consider the judges as the ultimate arbiters of all constitutional questions [is] a very dangerous doctrine indeed, and one which would place us under the despotism of an oligarchy. Our judges are as honest as other men and not more so. They have with others the same passions for party, for power, and the privilege of their corps. Their maxim is boni judicis est ampliare jurisdictionem [good justice is broad jurisdiction], and their power the more dangerous as they are in office for life and not responsible, as the other functionaries are, to the elective control. The Constitution has erected no such single tribunal, knowing that to whatever hands confided, with the corruptions of time and party, its members would become despots. It has more wisely made all the departments co-equal and co-sovereign within themselves.” 
and to Edward Livingstone in 1825: 
“This member of the Government was at first considered as the most harmless and helpless of all its organs. But it has proved that the power of declaring what the law is, ad libitum, by sapping and mining slyly and without alarm the foundations of the Constitution, can do what open force would not dare to attempt.” ~ Thomas Jefferson. John J Publicus 
“There is no such thing as an assault rifle” 
Actually, there is. The weapon and the round itself was designed from the ground up to kill as many people as efficiently as possible on the battlefield-by DEFINTION, it’s an ‘assault rifle’. 
By definition, this weapon is NOT “just like any other semi auto rifle”. If you actually knew what you were shooting off your mouth about this would be self evident… SexForUs 
What you are saying is, it’s the only military grade assault rifle not used by any military anywhere in the world. 
Got t. 
Yeah them clocks sure are deadly Brandon Swords 
You’re a credulous moron. Sangreaal 
Ummm…there was NO AR15 John J Publicus 
Oh really? So he was using a sling shot? Moron… Need_to_Know 
No, Moron, it was a Sig MCX, which is NOT an AR-15. John J Publicus 
Oh, so,it was an AR-15 VARIANT? Silly me 
Yeah, get your money back from school, you were robbed…. John J Publicus 
Yes it was Einstein. Here’s a little from the brochure for,the MCX; 
“Even while in the field, you can configure the SIG MCX as needs or conditions change. The combination of the 13″ monolithic upper receiver and handguard create a 17 3/4″ continuous top rail. The upper is backwards compatible with any mil-spec AR lower, allowing you to upgrade your existing AR platform to the SIG MCX. The AR upgrade kit includes side-folding stock assembly and adapter.” 
Yeah, sounds to me like it was nothing like an AR-15. More like an AR on steroids if you ask almost anyone…. 
Apparently you are a bigger moron than first thought!! 
IT’S A CARBINE!! 
A Carbine is NOT an AR. John J Publicus 
‘Carbine’ describes a style of weapon whose most recognizable feature is a short barrel length. You might want to stop using words that you don’t actually know the meaning of. 
Even while in the field, you can configure the SIG MCX as needs or conditions change. The combination of the 13″ monolithic upper receiver and handguard create a 17 3/4″ continuous top rail. The upper is backwards compatible with any mil-spec AR lower, allowing you to upgrade your existing AR platform to the SIG MCX. The AR upgrade kit includes side-folding stock assembly and adapter. 
A carbine is a style of rifle, most usually defined by a shooter barrel. 
Are you really this arrogantly misinformed? Need_to_Know 
Carbines have a shorter and different gas system than AR-15’s, thus making the difference much more than barrel length. John J Publicus 
“most usually defined by a (shorter) barrel.” 
I was very specific in what I said. James Paul 
John, you are a idiot. The media has said the shooter had a handgun, a Glock. He didn’t have a AR-15. Look up the fact before making a fool of yourself. John J Publicus 
It was an AR-15 variant. 
Fool NortonSmitty 
You know what is easy to say? THE ASSHOLES WAITED THREE HOURS IN SWAT GEAR WHILE UNTOLD DOZENS BLED OUT ON THE FLOOR! That, sir, is the very definition of cowardly incompetence. Mark Choi 
You have no information on which to make that claim. You do however, appear to have a broken shift key. NortonSmitty 
It was in every story on every venue if you actually paid attention. Moron. Mark Choi 
No it wasn’t. But thanks for your superficial analysts of events that were too complex for you to understand. First, the shooting began at a little after 2:00. Almost IMMEDIATELY he is engaged by gunfire by an OPD officer, at 2:02 AM. Within MINUTES more OPD backup arrives, engaging Mateen and forcing him to retreat into a bathroom, taking hostages. It is now about 2:30. Mateen calls 911 several times. Meanwhile, he has taken hostages in the restroom, preventing a direct, all out assault. OPD SWAT requests a bomb unit. It is now 4:10 AM. A controlled explosion demolishes a small section of exterior wall of Pulse, leading to the aforementioned restroom. The hole is not large enough to allow a breach, so another officer uses his vehicle to ram the wall, making an opening large enough to enter. Police immediately engage Mateen in gunfire, and rescue 30 hostages. It is now 5:05 AM. Mateen is pronounced dead. It is now 5:53. NONE of this timeline backs up your claim, either of cowardice, or that anyone bled out in the intervening time. Moreover, you most certainly can NOT state definitely that more people would not have been killed, particularly those 30 hostages, had they performed a full frontal assault on the building. In fact, even as it was, the OPD can not be sure their officers did not accidentally shoot some of the victims in the ensuing chaos. It is you, sir, who are the one who is mentally deficient. But at least you appear to have fixed your keyboard. Mark Choi 
http://www.laweekly.com/news/did-swat-wait-too-long-to-storm-the-orlando-nightclub-7027891 Mark Choi 
No it wasn’t you microcephalic idiot. As already mentioned, what WAS on the news coverage was the fact that during that three hours, the shooter repeatedly called 911 claiming that he had an explosive vest, and that he had set booby traps all throughout the building, that nevertheless the police were actively accessing the building and evacuating as many people as possible, and that no additional shots were fired during that standoff, changing the situation from an active shooter protocol to a hostage negotiation protocol. What is also known is that you’re a bloviating, misinformed idiot. Funny how after all this went mainstream, and the 911 tapes were released, all of a sudden you began radio silence. You would have done well to start there. John Willis 
it was televised ding dong ,and there are records showing time elapsed from police arrival till mop up , where do you morons come from ? John J Publicus 
From under the nearest rock. 
The real question is; will they crawl back under those rocks once tRump loses in a landslide? Mark Choi 
No it wasn’t you idiot. What WAS televised is that during that three hours, during which the shooter repeatedly called 911 claiming that he had an explosive vest, and that he had set booby traps all throughout the building, nevertheless the police were actively accessing the building and evacuating as many people as possible. What is also known is that no additional shots were fired during that standoff, changing the situation from an active shooter protocol to a hostage negotiation protocol. Did I happen to mention that you’re an idiot? You’re an idiot. Tothe 
I’m not the one whose alleged job is charging into dangerous situations and putting my life on the line. Isn’t that what people say when I argue that the law enforcement monopoly is ever in the wrong? “You aren’t the one charging into dangerous situations,” or something, right? 
Remember when cops sat on the sidelines during the Columbine massacre, too? David Hall 
You stupid POS, I have put my ass on the fucking line for 27 months. I lost my right eye, half of my face, back of my right leg nearly blown off and a bayonet ripped throught 17 inches of my right arm. Dude I have earned to say what I damn well please. Have you?. I spent 23 months in hospitals in three Countries.Arm chair asshole like you is what pisses me off. If you bothered to read 3 of the best guys in the business that trains the SWAT officers said the same thing, that they should have went in hours sooner. Policy is now with a mass type shooter to immediately engage the shooter. Learn before speaking, go back to you Mom’s basement and take some meds. I went into a hundred fucking places tighter and smaller than that with many hostages. James Paul 
Listen up Guy, The official story says the shooter had a hand gun, not a AR-15. Get your facts straight before making a fool of yourself. James Paul 
The truth is, it never happened. It was a staged event, false flag, just like Sandy Hook. The powers that be want our guns and will do anything to get them. Staging a event like this to push gun legislation is not out of the realm of possibility. if the event actually happened there would not be so many discrepancies spotted so quickly. Interrupting Reply Bot 2014 
I’d like to see things from your point of view. But no sane person can possibly shove their head that far up their assholes. Lily Munster 
It’s a secret! Ed 
There is a strong likelihood that we will never find out how many of the victims were ultimately killed by “friendly fire”. But we better thoroughly investigate, no matter the cost! Prince 
Where’s all the dead bodies? John J Publicus 
Idiot,,what makes you think you’ll see dead bodies? Prince 
An off-duty police officer working security at the club was outside investigating an underage drinker when he heard gunshots inside the club. The off-duty officer then proceeded to run inside the club and exchange gunfire with Mateen, with three additional officers soon arriving to back up the off-duty cop, law enforcement sources told WFAA-ABC 8. 
Well why were there 3 additional cops so close to the off duty cop? Dark_Space 
I’m guessing they were close to where they get regular calls… stubbikins 
It was Saturday night in an area with a lot going on, probably several places with private security. Three is not that many Sangreaal 
No wonder there were witness reports of there being more than one shooter killing people. spg210 
Police tend to hang out around night club areas, especially close to last call, for obvious reasons. Marlene Piazza 
and what about all the reports that state the officer engaged in a shoot out with the gunman OUTSIDE the club first, before he went in. And stories about one victim and his girlfriend being shot when they were walking to their car, as they passed the gunman on his way to the club? Paul Val 
there is absolutely NO REASON why they can’t figure out who was shot by friendly fire, it’s called BALLISTICS Dan Bray 
You watch too much CSI. Prince 
youre :john q pubiclikus jean boyd 
People saw the cops shooting so they had to cover their butts somehow. Same thing happened in San Bernadino. People saw SWAT type soldiers at the scene but they just ignored it on the news. These are False Flags and look at the family members crying and reading scripts. Been going on for a while. The Government and news stations are allowed to produce propaganda for the continuation of their agenda and the American people just buy it up. Please investigate people. They just want a gun grab. Alberto 
Who’s to take responsibility for the victims the swat team killed, it was a moronic decision that took place. The swat team probably killed or injured most of the victims. Lets take a close look at the weapon the shooter had with him a semi-automatic long rifle carries 10rounds per clip and a Glock handgun 10-15 rounds depending on the type of hand gun. I’m puzzled how did the shooter managed to shoot and kill 50 people and injured 53 more. This shooter must’ve been an expert at changing his clips. stubbikins 
He was in there for 3 hours. Taylor Franklin 
It’s a magazine and a standard mag holds 30 rounds but even so he would have had to have 31 of them to have that many rounds Dan Bray 
Allegedly 202 rounds fired. Less than 10 mags. Patrick 
I suspect the real culprits were actually the first four ‘police’ on the scene 🙁 Samantha Atkins 
Uh, ballistics can tell you how many of the dead were not killed by Mateen. Lily Munster 
You think we’ll ever know that? It will destroy Obama and Billary’s master plan a-la Wasserman. Wild_Bill_vintage_1948 
Why would anyone be interested in doing such ballistics? I’m sure they won’t. Windell Clark 
No excuse – You have adrenaline pumping – you dont want to hurt any innocents now add in the fact YOU dont want to die and its not a drill and you cant take back a bullet and start over. You can have the best gear with lights on the front, laser sights etc but add emotion and someone trying to kill you and things change. Ask any cop whats going through his of her mind when just room clearing in the most basic form – its tough. Now add an active shooter(s) with an Auto or Semi Automatic weapon(s) and the stakes jump. Add people begging for help but you cant stop and render aid because the threat is not neutralized -so you must leave them for time being-. Oh did i mention this is only the first 30 seconds of a dynamic entry? If other Officers have entered at another point you dont want to shoot them by accident – someone runs at you with something in hand you have maybe a fraction of a second to determine if its a cellphone in hand or a weapon guess wrong and you’re dead or that innocent with a cell phone is dead. Ok now that either you have killed an innocent or your team is stepping over your body because you guessed wrong the mission must go on. You still have 5 or 10 of the longest nerve racking minutes of your life to clear a building you’ve never been in..Good luck Kyle Pinson 
That sounds compelling, but this took three hours. Care to revise your fantasy here? Windell Clark 
Only painting a picture of what a person MIGHT possibly come up against in that situation. Bud Miser 
Me. Lie_Buster 
Relax, children. Normal logical questions are rendered “conspiracy theory” and “tinfoil hats” etc when the rulers do their false flag thing. Its starting to look obvious that MOST of the victims were murdered by sharp, accurate-shooting members of the police force. Oops – sorry for questioning the guvmint’s tall tale(s). Now, if the truth turns out to be that the cops are responsible for most of the deaths, I want y’all to hold your breath that some “forensics” lab is gonna tell y’all that truth. Sirios 
“Our number one priority is on saving lives” WTF? The cops were saving the people from the shooter as they were shooting the people they were saving? Ghassan Awada 
We had to destroy the village to save it That strategy is longstanding policy in the US 2broke4 her 
a 3 hour wait because cops thought explosives might be there.. meanwhile a turkey shoot is going on and then the cops killing people.. sounds like an excellent plan! Contrarianthefirst 
No film, no pics, it never happened. John J Publicus 
“There is a strong likelihood that we will never find out how many of the victims were ultimately killed by “friendly fire”.” 
Oh fucking please! Do they really think we are that stupid? Of COURSE they will be able to tell which bullets came from who’s weapon! Do,they think we’re in the 18th century? Every bullet in every single body will be catalogued and identified. 
I was wondering why the LE suits were pushing how many lives they saved by rushing the club. I’m betting that the coming weeks will show how much of a police induced cluster duck it REALLY was….. Prince 
John J Publicus – Flagged again for profanity. Can’t stop using the “F” word, can you? John J Publicus 
Can’t stop being bat$hit crazy, can you? David Nininger 
So just to recap, collateral damage is allowed on US citizens from police but is a war crime when out military does it…. ? spg210 
Uh… NO. Collateral damage is NOT a war crime. Collateral damage is not purposely killing civilians. Purposely killing civilians is a war crime. So just to recap, if you drop a bomb on a verified enemy stronghold and kill some civilians in the process, that’s not against the Geneva Convention. bf110c4 
“Our No. 1 priority is on saving lives, and it was the right decision to make.” The lives he is speaking of were the cops. They let dozens of victims bleed out during the 3 hour stand-off. Mateen basically had his way with the patrons and the cops. Thunder_Kiss_1965 
This should be kept out of the public domain. Before anyone jumps me you should take into account what happens the next time . A SWAT team leary of hitting civilians doesn’t go in and the death toll is higher you can’t reason with a radical. Kevis 
They can get a very good idea on how many were hit by whom. Even where exact matching isn’t possible marks on fragments can exclude or include certain guns fired. disqus_s4n9NxE7Bi 
Orlando Alligator Detractor/Distraction? Anyone else think this 2 yr old Alligator Death was set up to distract the American Public away from critically analyzing and questioning this night-club shooting? I do. Very much so. The vast majority of our pubic are just “sheep” ;( blindly following without questioning Prince 
Didn’t some singer in Orlando that was on the T.V. show The Voice supposedly also get killed too while signing autographs? Reuel Excalibur Francis 
That happened before the shooting tho disqus_s4n9NxE7Bi 
It’s true: WHERE ARE THE BODIES?! Zero footage?!? No way. Prince 
Don’t worry they’ll splash around some fake blood for post event pictures to be taken. lancelotlink 
“It was a hard decision to make, but it was the right decision,” Madeline Allbright 
“We went, we saw and he died.” Hillary Clinton MrMiran 
Just how big is that bathroom, and how many people were in it when the gunman was forced to retreat into it? I mean once he was pinned down in there by the officers on location, evacuate the club… then work on rescuing the hostages in the bathroom. 
Hey, I wasn’t there… I don’t have all the facts… I’m just asking questions about how it was handled. With cops on-site when it went down… and the gunman’s quick retreat… I’m just trying to get my head around how over 100 people were shot. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families and friends. Andy Cripps 
Apparently this guy was a regular visitor. Looks like he was in two minds. Instinctual same sex urges and ideological nonsense that bans it. How about a system where you could be honest about your personal situation to get the help required without fear of character annihilation to maybe stop some of this sort of stuff happening. The war on crime has been as successful as prohibition of alcohol was and the war on drugs is. Maybe time to address what it is to be human and assess the damage crass ideologies have on people and start banning shit that really damages society! Chris Shirah 
Who gives a rats ass who did what. Peoples lives were saved and peoples lives were taken, that’s all that matters. When the dust cleared that fruit cake was dead. On to the next one, people will die then too just hope it isn’t your family grieving while a bunch of tardos make dumb ass remarks about the police that do the saving of the rest. Prince 
What R U, a cop lover? Chris Shirah 
I don’t know. Is a convicted felon a lover of cops? All I care about is that a lot of lives were saved. I wouldn’t have cared if it was Minnie and Mickey Mouse that saved them. What are you? A hater of human life? NortonSmitty 
This makes no sense. If the officer(S) chased the shooter into a bathroom with 15 or 20 hostages within seconds how did over 100 people get shot with a semi-automatic weapon. As a veteran I can tell you it’s impossible. Prince 
It most likely didn’t happen. Lily Munster 
Hey, Boo! Mark Choi 
As a person who can read, I can tell you that you’re a misinformed idiot. d griffin 
Grossly irresponsible “reporting.” The death-toll inside the club would have been in the hundreds, had police not responded forcefully. Also, the terrorist made it very clear what his motivation and allegiance were, and his being probably gay is a sidenote. Get a clue, kiddies. The war is against Islamic terror, and you’ll be fighting it for the next hundred years or so. Prince 
The club didn’t even hold that many people. d griffin 
The Miami Herald reports that as many as 800 people have packed that club. On that night, at closing, there were upwards of 300 people inside at closing time. So go back to being dead from a stupid overdose, you. lol Bud Miser 
Aren’t you just a ray of sunshine! Prince 
Not what Eye heard. It could have been a murder as well… John J Publicus 
Why can’t you stay dead? Bobby5939 
Your attempt at disinformation is pathetic. Martin351 
False flag is a false flag. While were talking about cops in this case… why on earth when you get of a report of an armed gunman with either an AR15 or AK47 (yes botth of these being reported showing they can’t even get that right).. 
Why on earth would they send conventional cops to the scene with no armor, no kevlar, and no helmets? 
Seriously people, how stupid can you be to believe this garbage? People being carried TOWARDS the club? People being caught off camera standing on their own and moving around after they were shot in the leg? Then their rescuers laughing and smiling? News reports can’t decide if an armored vehicle crashed into the club or explosives were used? It is clear either a sledgehammer was used and a special cutting saw. We have the same person conducting multiple interviews under different names yet never bothered to even change her shirt to attempt to deceive? We have “survivors” of the shooting with time and location stamps on social media pitting them completely out of the state 1-2hrs before hand? 
No bodies, no blood, no ambulances, no Swat, no bullet holes, no ID when entering the club (think about that one for a second), people having oodles of time to post on facebook during the incident? Even the nightclubs webpage has time to update to get out of the club and keep running?? LMFAO 
And to think some of you bought this hook, line, and sinker.. unbelievable. Bob413 
You can easily tell by some of the comments on this article that the people are commenting to spread disinformation and divert attention away to the errors made in the cover up. 
Sorry folks, there are more critical errors and holes in this incident and cover up than swiss cheese. You really dropped the ball on this one, and the whole world knows it now. The rest of the countries have washed their hands of this story and calling it like it is, a false flag. That’s bad when massive media outlets across the globe are now calling it a false flag not even 4 days after. Patricia Golding 
Now they have released this crock of a florida gator eating a baby story because now they realize they’ve made so many mistakes with this shooting they are quickly trying to divert people’s attention John J Publicus 
So many stunningly stupid people. You as much a moron as the last one… disqus_s4n9NxE7Bi 
YES I said this yesterday. And guess what? It worked! I’m so glad others are wise enough to realize the staged gator incident. 
The vast majority of American People are “sheep” following without questioning. disqus_s4n9NxE7Bi 
But my genuine question is this: Do they get families to cooperate (family of the boy)? Or would the family be completely unsuspecting? How does this whole thing work? (even with the “survivors” of orlando and witnesses) kat 
Did you not see the same people interview over and over again. They are called actors. Go to youtube and watch how the one Mother smiles and laughs through the entire video with CNN after she finally finds out her son is dead. You can’t make this crap up. Lily Munster 
A Philadelphia native and Fox 29 intern who survived the Orlando mass shooting has disputed claims on social media that she was a “crisis actor” for the station, and was not actually at Pulse nightclub when the incident occurred. Lily Munster 
Lord, don’t let my tears fail me now! 
She could have at least got a wig that doesn’t sit 3 inches behind her forehead. John J Publicus 
You just can’t fake stupid like you…. Fardale Labradors 
I guess you didn’t see the kevlar helmets that save a few cops? Know what you;re talking about before you post bs. Autumn 
It was one cop, and the kevlar helmet had a hole in it and damage that was not consistent with a bullet’s entry point. Rather, it looked as though it had been bashed against some concrete. 
No ambulances. People declared dead inside the nightclub (that can’t be done until you reach the hospital.) Injured being carried from down the block toward the club. One loaded into a truck. 
I understand that part of you may feel wrong to question a tragedy, but when something doesn’t feel right, you should follow your gut. That’s what I did for Sandy Hook and have been doing ever since. 
Look into the points that have been made, Faradale, and see for yourself. Fardale Labradors 
Were you there Autumn? My husband, a retired Port Authority 911 P.O had friends on the scene , a relative working in the hospital and others I can’t discuss on the scene. What we can ALL do is show some respect to those lost and stop arguing about what went on and what didn’t. Trysmiling 
We certainly can and should show respect to those that lost loved one during this shooting. No one is trying to disrespect them or the pain they are experiencing. But they need to know that those they loved and lost were sacrificed by a sick government for their agenda of immigration and gun control. That is all those poor people were, pawn is a huge game of chess.We never saw what happened inside, but what we saw outside was nothing but crisis actors. Your husbands friend probably has no clue that this was a staged event. It’s not like everyone has to be in the know to pull something like this off. Nahla Salvia 
The article was stating that it never happened. That’s why he mentioned no ambulances. A set up or not people died and out of respect for their families, maybe people should wait and let them mournemourne before busting out conspiracy theories George 
I guess that people died in Star Wars too. I mean really died. Fardale Labradors 
Shooting? I was talking about 911. When we reach FL next month we will both CONCEAL CARRY by Law. He has his badge, we have to with his retirement badge on him. No further discussion, we will carry. Lily Munster 
Is’t that ALWAYS the case when the truth must be shrouded? 
Sanders vs. Billary – same thing. Lily Munster 
All mainstream media publications, gay and straight alike have been compromised by the same entity. 
The want to shut Indie press down too. Nahla Salvia 
Why isn’t anyone in Orlando saying it never happened? Did you watched the local news of that city, when they were showing the live broadcast? George 
LMAO No helmets? It says right there in the article that when mateen emerged he engaged the officers immediately and even hit ONE IN THE HELMET. Cry wolf. 
How long have you been insane, son? You know they have meds for that, now. John J Publicus 
i see,you’ve posted all those facts her for all to see…oh, wait. disqus_s4n9NxE7Bi 
@Martin351:disqus my gut instinct also feels it is false flag. Not being facetious, but where/what footage photos etc have you seen that confirms what you posted above? 
I personally didn’t notice the reporter with the same shirt and many psuedonyms (do you have a name or channel she reports for?) Also, I didn’t see any footage of rescuers laughing or carrying people towards club. 
I did notice there were no bodies. I did notice it took 4 days for “vine” clips to emerge (doubt their authenticity). In these circumstances, does the govt recruit and compensate people to make such statements in their interviews? Genuine Question. Pist-Off 
E7Bi, this site may shed some lite on things for you. I believe that Martin is rite on. http://investmentwatchblog.com/100-proof-nobody-died-in-the-orlando-homocaust-doctors-victims-are-fake-lone-gunman-doesnt-seem-possible/ John J Publicus 
That ‘gut instinct’ is the compacted shit in your colon. A diet that didn’t include Taco Bell and McDonald’s washed down with non stop soda. Just because you have a great big gut, doesn’t mean you have the first clue of what reality looks like. 
It’s assholes like you that give syphilis a bad name! Nahla Salvia 
They don’t really show bodies in US news, i don’t really see them on the news I watch. Also too, no one that lives there is saying anything about it never happening. If it didn’t, l know for sure that Orlandoneans would be talking not foreigners. This is an ongoing investigation, they have to withhold information devontae hook 
‘no bodies’ what a piece of shit you are, i went to school with 2 people that died in that club that shit wasnt fake, you moron fgvyti 
what school and what are their names 
shill",0
2113,"After Bashing Trump For Months, George Soros Just Got The Worst News Of His Life! - Big Blue Vision","Home / US News / After Bashing Trump For Months, George Soros Just Got The Worst News Of His Life! After Bashing Trump For Months, George Soros Just Got The Worst News Of His Life! Related Articles WOW – NBC Host Posts MISLEADING Headline…This Is EMBARRASSING! 1 day ago 1 day ago 
George Soros is a rich liberal! WHEW! Scratch that. George Soros is the richest of liberals. 
He spent tens of millions of dollars trying to elect Hillary Clinton. Now that she lost… 
He is focusing his attention on Donald Trump. 
THERE ARE RUMORS THAT HE IS LOSING SUPPORT! 
There is a 3­day meeting at the Mandarin Oriental hotel beginning on Sunday, according to Politico. This event is sponsored by Democracy Alliance – which is headed up by George Soros. 
Their plan is to stop Trump even after he has won the election. Yes. You heard that right. The election is not over. It’s going to be a long year. 
*** If you didn’t know, Soros is behind the protests going on right now. 
Soros founded the Democracy Alliance in 2004. Members of the organization have to donate at least $200,000 a year to its recommended groups. 
*** Soros gave $13 million to unsuccessfully stop Trump from winning. 
The Democratic party is wanting to get away from Soros’s Democracy Alliance. One Democratic strategist said the following: 
“The DA itself should be called into question,” said one Democratic strategist. “You can make a very good case it’s nothing more than a social club for a handful wealthy white donors and labor union officials to drink wine and read memos, as the Democratic Party burns down around them.” 
You heard it right here at Liberty Writers News. The Democrats are starting to doubt George Soros’s vision for the party. Let’s help them doubt it! #SHARE this article with every single patriot and Democrat that you know. We need to stop this man from trying to topple our country. Are you American? 
Will you stand up, patriot? 2016-11-16 ",0
2114,"Peter Vaughan, Maester Aemon in ‘Game of Thrones,’ Dies at 93 - The New York Times","Peter Vaughan, a British character actor who often played rogues early in his career but was more familiar to recent audiences as a wise, blind mentor on the HBO fantasy series “Game of Thrones,” died on Tuesday. He was 93. His death was confirmed by the office of his agent, Sally   which did not say where he died.   and imposing, Mr. Vaughan was a regular in films and on British television for more than 50 years, long before taking the part of Maester Aemon Targaryen on “Game of Thrones,” adapted from George R. R. Martin’s novels. As Maester Aemon, he forsakes his royal heritage, giving up the chance to rule the seven kingdoms of Westeros to serve in the Night’s Watch, a group of warriors and criminals tasked with defending a colossal wall to protect lands to the south from invaders from the north. Maester Aemon was a fatherly figure to Jon Snow, who becomes the Watch’s leader, and unlike many in Mr. Martin’s treacherous, violent world, Maester Aemon dies of old age in Season 5, in 2015. Mr. Vaughan also played a manipulative British spy in “The Naked Runner” (1967) with Frank Sinatra one of the English villagers who harass Dustin Hoffman and Susan George in Sam Peckinpah’s “Straw Dogs” (1971) and a bureaucrat in Terry Gilliam’s dystopian satire “Brazil” (1985) which starred Jonathan Pryce and featured Robert De Niro. He played other elderly figures, including Anthony Hopkins’s ailing father in James Ivory’s film adaptation of Kazuo Ishiguro’s “The Remains of the Day” (1993) and a cantankerous old man in the farce “Death at a Funeral” (2007) which also featured his “Game of Thrones”   Peter Dinklage. He was born Peter Olm on April 4, 1923, in Wem, Shropshire, England. He joined a repertory company at 16, but was drafted into the military in 1942. He continued his stage acting career in England after the war and during the 1950s met and married the actress Billie Whitelaw, who became known for her work with Samuel Beckett. They divorced in the 1960s. On television he appeared in several BBC   based on Charles Dickens novels, including “Oliver Twist” (1962) and “Bleak House” (1985) and in a television adaptation of Arthur Miller’s “The Crucible” in 1980. He went on to appear in the 1996 film version of that play, which starred Winona Ryder and Daniel  . Mr. Vaughan later married the actress Lillias Walker, who survives him. Other survivors include a son, David two stepdaughters, Alex and Vikki and four grandchildren. Mr. Vaughan, whose last credited television role was as Maester Aemon, said he was grateful that he had chosen a profession that allowed him to work well into old age. “It’s not the sort of career where you have to retire at a given age,” he told Shropshire magazine in 2007. “I compare it to being a painter or a professional musician  —   as long as you’re fit and healthy to carry on, and the offers come in, you just keep going. ”",0
2115,Trump ‘not assassinated yet’,"November 15, 2016 
The CIA and FBI have confirmed they are working on it. ‘Ideally we would like a mad person or terrorist so it cannot be traced to us.’ said a spokesperson, who did not wish to be named. ‘Our preference is a ‘perpetrator’ from a foreign prosperous city so we can bomb the city to smithereens and also make loads of money from rebuilding it – as we usually do.’ 
‘At this moment in time we are busy compiling lists of easily-hypnotized gullible fools. As you can imagine, it’s not easy, as Mr Trump has found most of them already’. Farmer Giles",0
2116,The Garrison Keillor You Never Knew - The New York Times,"ST. PAUL, MINN.  —   Garrison Keillor was riding shotgun in a rented Chevy, motoring east through the steamy Midwestern heat. His linen suit was appropriately rumpled  —   everything about this public radio legend suggests disregard for crisp lines  —   and his gangly legs were jacked up against the glove box, as he resisted suggestions to slide his seat back. Hitching a ride with a reporter from Minneapolis to his home here, he filled the yawning silences with a weird little singsong, “bomp, bomp, bomp, bomp. ” He had just spent hours rehearsing for the following night, May 21, when he hosted “A Prairie Home Companion,” at the State Theater in Minneapolis, before a packed, adoring crowd for the last time. After more than four decades of hosting this homespun Americana musical variety program, which he created and which, in turn, created him, Mr. Keillor is retiring. He has done this before, in 1987, though that retirement ended up being a sabbatical. In 2011, there were rumors  —   baseless, Mr. Keillor’s people said  —   that he was thinking of abandoning ship then, too. But this time, Mr. Keillor, 73, said he means it. He has named a successor and lined up meaty  “Prairie” projects, among them columns for The Washington Post, a screenplay and a book. While he has a solo tour planned through the year, along with a “Prairie”  Labor Day weekend show at the Minnesota State Fair, he will host his final official “Prairie Home Companion” on July 1 at, of all places, the Hollywood Bowl. “It’s very much real, and it’s simply a matter of wanting to rearrange one’s life,” Mr. Keillor said after we had arrived at his large, handsome Georgian house, and he had eased his stooping    frame into a porch chair. “In order to do these things, I’ve got to clear out the big buffalo in the room, which is the show. ” At his home, Mr. Keillor looms, a melancholy presence, and doesn’t make much eye contact, keeping his bespectacled eyes averted under scraggly eyebrows. Rather than savor the conversation, he seems to cordially endure it. His mellifluous voice, likened to a down comforter or “a slow drip of Midwestern molasses,” feels warmly familiar to any public radio listener who has heard him sing “Tishomingo Blues,” which opens his show each Saturday evening. Yet as familiar and cherished as “Prairie” has become to millions, it was always about Mr. Keillor’s fascinations, rather than the inner tickings of its host. “It was never about self expression, never,” Mr. Keillor said. Everything about “Prairie Home”  —   the Guy Noir and Lives of the Cowboys sketches, the spots for Powdermilk Biscuits and the Ketchup Advisory Board, the monologues about the fictional Lake Wobegon  —   sprang from Mr. Keillor’s imagination. But the man spinning the plates at the center of it all managed to stay a mystery, even to people who know him well. “Garrison in person is quite different,” said his longtime friend, the writer Mark Singer. “Garrison does not express emotion in interpersonal conversations the way the rest of us do. ” Performers often cultivate alternate personas, but with Mr. Keillor the difference is startling. That night, onstage in Minneapolis, he was garrulous and affable, and afterward ventured out onto the sidewalk to meet his   admirers, many of whom feel they know him intimately. As fans flocked around him, Mr. Keillor graciously deflected questions, directing queries back to the scrum. This helps him gather story ideas but also serves as a bridge from his onstage personality to his default setting, the introverted, removed man who seems miles away, even when you’re sitting two feet from him on his porch, eating the jelly beans he has set out. “His gaze is often floating and takes you in from a strange distance,” said the writer and editor Roger Angell, who in 1970 edited Mr. Keillor’s first piece for The New Yorker. “He is certainly the strangest person I know. ” There is debate about whether Mr. Keillor should have exited a while ago. His weekly radio audience peaked 10 years ago, at 4. 1 million, and has since dropped to 3. 2 million. While that does not include listeners on Sirius XM, or the show’s three million monthly digital requests, many stations have dropped their Sunday repeat broadcast of his show. “Prairie Home” captured a time, before tweets and Facebook posts, when people talked more over fence posts and pots of coffee but nowadays feels increasingly removed from many listeners’ lives. “A lot of the conversation has been: ‘Did Garrison wait too long? Should Garrison have done this years ago? ’” said Eric Nuzum, former vice president for programming at NPR. “The problem of ‘Prairie Home Companion’ is it’s part of public radio’s past, not their future,” Mr. Nuzum said. (American Public Media distributes “Prairie Home” NPR member stations air programs from APM as well as from other distributors.) Still, Mr. Keillor played an outsize role in shaping what public radio has become. He was a pioneering force and taught public radio valuable lessons, Mr. Nuzum said. The live performances and touring built audiences and kept them connected and deeply loyal. That proved lucrative, as did sales of “Prairie Home Companion” recordings, books, clothes and tchotchkes. Mr. Keillor also became one of public radio’s earliest celebrities, appearing on the cover of Time in 1985. The show itself, with its singing, quirky sidekicks, stealthily dark humor and fart jokes, forged a new path. “‘Prairie Home Companion’ came on the scene just as public radio was trying to figure out what its identity was,” said Ira Glass, the host of “This American Life. ” “The fact that here was such a visibly weird, funny, idiosyncratic show opened up the space of other weird, idiosyncratic shows, like ‘Car Talk,’ and our show. ” Adored as he has been by millions, Mr. Keillor drove a few critics around the bend. Detractors view “Prairie Home” as excruciatingly hokey, syrupy and dull. In a 1993 episode of “The Simpsons,” Homer bangs on the television  —   the Disney Channel broadcast the show in the late ’80s  —   hollering, “Be more funny!” In a withering review of Robert Altman’s 2006 film, “A Prairie Home Companion,” Rex Reed called Mr. Keillor “a myopic doughboy” and his program “a lumbering, affected and pointless audio curiosity. ” Yet Mr. Glass believes that many people mistake “Prairie Home” for quaint, homespun nostalgia, even though the tales from Lake Wobegon are, as often as not, richly emotional, contemporary and quite dark. In recent monologues, Mr. Keillor has lambasted the gun lobby, told of people’s relatives being buried alive and mentioned a   suicidal woman left bald after she accidentally set her hair on fire in her gas oven, a presumably fictitious anecdote that is trademark Keillor: equal parts alarming, heartbreaking and funny. “Like Howard Stern, Garrison Keillor created a packaging that nonlisteners took as real,” Mr. Glass said. “And the actual show is so much more complex, and human and complicated than nonlisteners think it is. ” Mr. Keillor has had health concerns, suffering a stroke in 2009, and, less than a week after the Minneapolis show, a seizure. But he insists it’s his other projects that compelled him to step away. After July, he will continue to have a small radio foothold, hosting “The Writer’s Almanac,” a     radio program he started in the early ’90s. And “Prairie Home” reruns will continue to air. Jon McTaggart, chief executive of American Public Media Group, the parent of American Public Media, said that as much as “Prairie Home” contributed financially, he has faith in the allure of the new version of the show and that “this transition has been planned for a while. ” Still, the future of “Prairie Home Companion,” and public radio, without Mr. Keillor remains somewhat of an open question. Mr. Keillor’s handpicked successor, the folk musician Chris Thile, 35, who first performed on the show as a teenager, cheerfully admitted in an interview that it could all go down the drain if audiences reject him after he begins hosting on Oct. 15. Details are still being hammered out, but Mr. Thile plans to do musical numbers and comedy bits. There will be no Lake Wobegon. “Public radio always wondered what it was going to do when Garrison leaves,” Mr. Nuzum said. “It’s about to find out. ” For all his radio fame, Mr. Keillor has always seen himself first as a writer, though that legacy was largely overshadowed by the success of “Prairie Home. ” Stripped of the sentimental trappings of the show, which he writes almost entirely by himself, Mr. Keillor’s words leap off the page and bite. In an excoriating book review in The New York Times, he called   Lévy “a French writer with a   prose style and the grandiosity of a college sophomore. ” Thrice wed  —   he and his third wife, Jenny Lind Nilsson, a violinist, have a daughter, Maia, who just graduated from high school  —   he once described marriage as “the deathbed of romance. ” Throughout his career, Mr. Keillor penned columns, stories and books. He wrote regularly for The New Yorker, where he had a desk, until Tina Brown’s arrival as editor in 1992. “The day I heard that she would replace Bob Gottlieb, I packed up my stuff in a couple cardboard boxes and left in a cab and have not looked back,” he said in an email. But it was radio, his Plan B, that came to define his life. Born in 1942 in Anoka, Minn. Mr. Keillor grew up the third of six children. His family was Plymouth Brethren, a fundamentalist Christian sect that forbade dancing and going to the movies. But Mr. Keillor’s youngest sister, Linda Keillor Berg, said theirs was a happy home, where family members routinely gathered to sing hymns. “Becoming a star of any kind wasn’t an ambition our parents seeded in any of us,” Ms. Keillor Berg said, but Mr. Keillor could not be contained. In junior high, rather than signing poems with his given name, Gary, he began using the more regal sounding Garrison. It stuck. He went on to write for the local paper, majored in English at the University of Minnesota, and in 1969 took a job at a radio station as a classical music announcer. There, he began breaking from convention, interspersing Mozart overtures with songs by the Beach Boys and Grateful Dead. One morning, he aired a live predawn show featuring a cowboy singer and a performer who made wine glasses sing. He later asked his boss, Bill Kling, who founded Minnesota Public Radio and also started American Public Media, to weigh in. “I said I thought it was awful, that it was one of the worst ways to wake up I had ever remembered,” Mr. Kling said. “He said, ‘Well, you know, it’s a beginning. ’” Mr. Keillor’s big break came when his short, slyly racy short story about local parents hiring a   prostitute for their teenage son fell into the hands of Mr. Angell at The New Yorker. “I thought it was brilliant,” Mr. Angell said. “The nearest thing to E. B. White that had come along. ” It was Mr. Keillor’s wildest dream come true. But it also made him miserable. “Writing for the magazine put me in thrall to their reputation, to their style, to having fathers who were more talented than yourself,” said Mr. Keillor who, at that time, was supporting his first wife and their son, Jason. He recalled sitting frozen at his typewriter in his bedroom in Minnesota, wondering, “How do you measure up to the gods?” In 1974, The New Yorker gave him what would turn out to be a pivotal assignment, covering the Grand Ole Opry’s final show at the Ryman Auditorium before its move to Opryland. Mr. Keillor was struck by the musicians’ rapport, by Minnie Pearl’s wry humor. He soon called Mr. Kling, telling him this was the kind of show they had to do back home. Scant months later, the first “Prairie Home Companion” was performed live in St. Paul before an audience of 12. Mr. Keillor’s New Yorker colleagues were astonished, wondering how this painfully shy man could possibly host a radio show, let alone divert his energies from a burgeoning literary career. But Mr. Keillor adored the socializing, the camaraderie and the musicians’ gregariousness and generosity. “With radio, I owned it. I owned it. Nobody else was doing this,” Mr. Keillor said. “You find yourself on new ground, and you are so free. You are so free. ” Onstage, a new side of Mr. Keillor shone looser, less aloof, at times even jolly. Margaret Moos Pick, Mr. Keillor’s early producer and former longtime girlfriend, said his Lake Wobegon monologues put him into something like a state of hypnosis. In them, he could lose himself. “I don’t think he’s necessarily a happy man,” Mr. Angell said, “But the time he is happy is when he is doing his monologue. ” As audiences embraced the show, more stations picked it up, and it began broadcasting nationally in 1980. Mr. Singer, a friend from The New Yorker, said the show appealed to baby boomers and felt like a counterweight to the Reagan era, when images of American life suddenly felt scripted and controlled. “It was an antidote to all that,” Mr. Singer said. “There was just a deeply wonderful feeling that this was speaking to many of us. ” Curiously, Mr. Keillor has always found it difficult spending so much time with the strong,   above average people of Lake Wobegon, which he based on his relatives, past and present. In “The Keillor Reader” (2014) he complained bitterly about “their industriousness, their infernal humility, their schoolmarmish sincerity, their earnest interest in you, their clichés falling like clockwork  —   it can be tiring to be around. ” Speaking on his porch, Mr. Keillor said of Lake Wobegonians, i. e. his relatives, “I am frustrated by them in real life. ” They were too controlled by good manners, he said, and “have a very hard time breaking through. ” So why devote so much of his professional life ruminating about them? “It’s the people I think I know,” he replied. Will he miss them, and the weekly jolt of the show? “No,” he replied. “No. ” And yet. It was gloriously warm and sunny in Minneapolis for his last show there. In the State Theater, the audience  —   nearly all white and   or older, the very Midwesterners Mr. Keillor has such a fraught yet close connection with  —   packed the auditorium. After his show drew to a close, Mr. Keillor stayed onstage and began leading the audience in song, keeping them singing and swaying for perhaps half an hour. Then he stepped offstage and swept through the wings, heading toward the lobby, where he would greet his people like a preacher. He stood for photographs with fans for nearly two hours. As he passed by backstage, striding purposefully, he glanced at me, registered no recognition, and continued on, muttering, “bomp, bomp, bomp, bomp. ”",0
2117,Emergency Survival Food Sales Soar as We Get Closer to Election Day,"Sales of emergency survival food are increasing as we approach election day, and rightfully so. With Hillary Clinton and other democrats hellbent on resuscitating a non-existent Cold War and the violent riots we’ve seen by so-called protesters at Donald trump rallies, many preppers are seeing the signs and preparing for post-election unrest by storing large amounts of non-perishable food.
Although it is quite normal to see long-term storable foods rise in sales around election time, but survival food companies are seeing a particularly large spike in business this year as we approach election day.
“This is more intense than what we saw in 2012,” Keith Bansemer, marketing VP for My Patriot Supply, a survival food company, told NBC news. He says that last election season doubled their sales, and this time around they have seen their sales triple. 
“We have everyone we can on the phones. We are overwhelmed,” said Bensemer. 
Those who expect Trump to win fear a revolt from violent anti-Trump protesters, such as the riot seen in San Jose , California outside of a Trump rally. Others who expect Hillary Clinton’s coronation to the presidency are preparing for a possible World War 3 scenario, which may be a very well-founded concern considering Clinton’s war-driven rhetoric about Russia’s involvement in Syria and the establishment of no-fly zones in air space around Aleppo.
However, not everyone is preparing for war with another country. Many are preparing for government-related threats to their life and liberty. One of the major threats we face is the ever-increasing desire of politicians to take away our guns and the resulting chaos that would ensue. Hillary Clinton completely disregards the second amendment, and the possibility that she would enact gun confiscation across the country should not be discounted. This would mean a declaration of war on the people, or at least those who cherish freedom.
Bansemer does not think his customer base is fearing for any specific election outcome. He thinks that many just want to be prepared for whatever may come as a result of either of these candidates’ policies.
“You hear them saying, no matter who wins, I know I could take a positive step myself and secure what’s important,” he explained. “They’re securing their food supply.” 
A number of other long-term food suppliers are seeing an increase as well.
Legacy Foods is predicting that sales will jump in the weeks following the election, said owner Phil Cox. Legacy sells a $2,000 package of a year’s worth of storable food, containing nearly 1,100 meals and sealed in military-grade Mylar packs.
Retailers are noticing the increase of sales of long-term food and they are serving the market. Costco is also getting into the emergency food market with a 390-serving bucket, or one month’s supply of food, for $115. Store owner Larry Friedman is unsure what to make of the increased presence of preppers at his military surplus supply store, M&G. “Some are regulars in here,” said Friedman. “They come in, seem perfectly normal, and then suddenly, they’re talking about the apocalypse. You do a double-take.”
Friedman recalled seeing an increase of sales like this nearly two decades ago, after the original invasion of Iraq:
“It really started in ’91 with Desert Storm. People were worried about Scud missiles and chemical weapons from Iraq. We had so many people waiting we almost couldn’t close the doors. We sold every gas mask we could get our hands on. That was off the hook.” 
Whatever reason one may have for preparing, there is no question that if disaster strikes and food becomes scarce, food will become a primary currency , and storable food will become highly valuable. There’s no good reason to pass up the opportunity to prepare. 
This information has been made available by Ready Nutrition 
Originally published November 6th, 2016 Sign of the Times: Riot Control Gear Sales Are Soaring… Could the Next World War be Initiated with an EMP Weapon… Four Current Events that Could Challenge the Prepper… 14 Reasons Why The U.S. Economy’s Bubble Of False… Silver Bullion or Junk Silver for Long-term Bartering? ",0
2118,"Save America From Donald Trump to Fix America, or, Did Your Mother Drop You on Your Head?","$23 Save America From Donald Trump to Fix America, or, Did Your Mother Drop You on Your Head? Posted on Nov 2, 2016 
By Juan Cole / Informed Comment 
When I trained as a lifeguard they warned us that you have to be very careful how you approach a drowning victim flailing around. They will be so happy to be rescued that they will grab you and pin your arms and freeze up, and then you’ll both sink to the bottom and drown. You have to keep your distance, keep your arm stiff, and pull them out straight on their back, head out of the water, to reassure them. Then you can rescue them. The rescued teenager may not be a saint. Or they may have a bad family situation. You’re not thinking about that when the issue is whether they will live or die. Maybe they can straighten out their lives if they end up having lives. 
So America is drowning, and voting for Hillary Clinton is the equivalent of rescuing it. It is the stiff arm to deal with a hysteria that will otherwise sink us. 
I see too many people agonizing over this election. Will they vote for the Greens? Libertarians? Is Hillary as bad as Trump? 
Did your mother drop you on your head? This is a drowning country we’re talking about. You don’t have the luxury to sit on the beach and decide whether to go in. And maybe you’ll be delivering the country to someone who is a bad mother. But it will be a live country and maybe the mother could be reformed. Drowned people can’t be reformed. Remember when, in Princess Bride, Inigo Montoya brings Westley to Miracle Max (Billy Crystal) to be brought back from the dead? And Miracle Max discovers Westley isn’t dead, and so could be revived: “Mostly dead is slightly alive. With all dead, well, with all dead there’s usually only one thing you can do.” Inigo Montoya : “What’s that?” Miracle Max : “Go through his clothes and look for loose change.” 
An America under Trump would be all dead. Donald J. Trump is the greatest danger to American democracy in modern history. He openly menaces journalists, he keeps inquiring about why we have nukes if we can’t use them, he wants to steal Iraq’s petroleum wealth, he promises to use torture, he courts the KKK, he proposes tax and other policies that will vastly increase inequality and bankrupt the government, and he wants a trade war with China. I could go on with a litany of fatal “policies” (actually more like wicked quips) all the way down the page (and blog pages don’t really have a fixed bottom). All this is not to mention his criminal notion that he has a right to French kiss and fondle any woman he can get hold of with his tiny hands. 
Advertisement Square, Site wide 
I think it is entirely possible that if Trump were president, I and other writers and journalists and critics could be targeted for dirty tricks. It happened even under Bush. This is one reason it is so dangerous to have a standing massive domestic surveillance program of our current sort; one election could put it into the hands of a dictator. 
I get it. Hillary is Wall Street. She will do nothing to rein in the excesses of the financiers (and not all financiers need reining in, but many do). One of our country’s most pressing problems, wealth inequality, will almost certainly get worse in a Clinton presidency. She probably will continue Obama’s phony “all of the above” energy policy, which will mean an overheated climate (we need a Manhattan project to get off oil, coal and gas immediately). She is a foreign policy hawk and seems committed to intervening in Syria. She is in the back pocket of Haim Saban and the AIPAC Israel lobbies and has a virtual love fest with Israeli PM Binyamin Netanyahu. 
But here’s a surprise. We live in a society dominated by corporations the way medieval Britain was dominated by feudal lords. The only difference is that we have a higher standard of living than did the serfs and we get to decide between two Establishment candidates for high office regularly. 
Over two-thirds of America’s $18.5 trillion economy is generated by Fortune 500 big corporations (in 2014 it was 73%!) 
When I was a graduate student 36 years ago it was about 50%. (Small business accounted for most of the other half then, and were the source of the vast majority of innovation). 
Although the corporations and the economists who ultimately actually mostly work for them maintain that this system is efficient and based on competition, in fact there are lots of monopolies or near-monopolies, and it clearly has giant inefficiencies (compare your internet bill to that of people in Europe). They also complain about government regulation, but through lobbying most of them have actually captured the legislators who are supposed to be regulating them. Often they write the laws for the legislators and just have the latter sign them. 
The corporations don’t always get their way. But they most often do. It would have cost them trillions of dollars in profits if the US had moved quickly to green energy in the 1990s when the climate crisis first became apparent, so they waged a PR campaign to smear climate scientists like Michael Mann and pull the wool over the eyes of most consumers to keep them burning coal, gas and oil as long as possible. In the US alone, they managed to put on the order of an extra hundred billion metric tons of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere in the past 20 years through this dishonest ruse. It’s like blowing up billions of atomic bombs, making the earth hotter and hotter. No one has been president who would have stood in their way, and almost nobody has been allowed in Congress who would obstruct them either. They are starting to give up on coal, and Obama did stab them in the back on that fuel, but they still burn as much gas and oil as they like and flare up methane when they frack both, destroying the environment (not to mention water pollution). I say ‘they’ because there are essentially interlocking directorates. A lot of the Fortune 500 is heavily invested in hyrdocarbons. That is why it is so hard to do environmental investing, because if you buy a bank stock you are buying Exxon-Mobil.There isn’t any more pressing issue than addressing climate change, and I’m sorry but nothing Hillary has said about the issue is actually ambitious enough to fit the scale of the emergency. 
So I know. 
But you aren’t thinking about this right. The people screwed over by the 1% are hurting and have turned to Trump because he talks like a maverick, even though he will screw them over even harder. They are drowning. 
You can’t rehabilitate the patient if the patient drowned. And America would drown, would be all dead, would be beyond redemption, under 4 years of Trump. 
Sec. Clinton is from that generation of baby boomer Democrats who decided in the Reagan era that they had to become Eisenhower Republicans ever to hold office. So she surrendered to Wall Street & etc. We know that. But she can be pressured, just as Eisenhower was pressured (if only we could get back to his tax policies!) We can oppose her if she drags her feet on key issues. It will be easier to pressure her from below if we can also take back Congress and can get some liberals on the Supreme Court. 
We can’t oppose Trump because he has made it clear that he will rule as dictator and will brook no opposition. He has lots of goons to sic on his critics already, and would pick up their entire Federal government if he wins. 
I have made my peace with being a serf who gets to vote for the candidates the two parties (mainly representing the corporations) present me with. (It is a first past the post system, so creating a 3rd party is almost impossible). It is a very corrupt system, maybe the most corrupt on earth . I’ll probably never see a president who really represents the mainstream of America, because of voter suppression and big money in politics and the corruption of corporate media. I blow off my frustrations at this blog and maybe I change a few minds here and there. Civil disobedience seems increasingly called for with regard to hydrocarbons. But we can’t do that if America is dead. And Clinton won’t kill it, however wrongheaded some of her announced policies. We survived Bush, though with a $6 trillion bill, and we can survive Clinton. We can’t survive Trump. TAGS:",0
2119,Fukushima: The Extinction-Level Event That No One Is Talking About,"Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/fukushima-extinction-level-event-that.html March 11, 2011: A massive earthquake of 9.0 magnitude struck off the coast of Japan, triggering a devastating tsunami, which left parts of the country in utter shambles. Official reports claim that 15,891 people lost their lives, 6,152 were injured and 2,584 were reported missing. This was the most powerful earthquake ever recorded to have struck Japan, and the fourth most powerful in the world, since modern record keeping began in 1900. [1] This earthquake was so intense in magnitude, that it shifted Honshu, the main island of Japan by an estimated eight feet and actually shifted the Earth’s axis by between four and ten inches! [2] Japan is a nation containing many nuclear reactors which produce roughly 30% of the nation’s electricity. [3] The majority of operable nuclear reactors are right along the coast, in one of the most seismically active areas on the entire planet! Map which shows the locations of Japan’s, reactor sights. Notice how they are along the coast, in perhaps the most seismically active location on the entire planet. The powerful tsunami caused complete devastation of three of the six nuclear reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi facility, the cores of which melted within the first three days. In November 2011, the Japanese Science Ministry reported that radioactive cesium had contaminated 11,580 square miles of the land surface of Japan, [4] with an additional 4,500 square miles contaminated. [5] The destroyed reactor sites have been dumping hundreds of tons of radioactive waste into the Pacific Ocean, every single day for the past four years and the devastating results are now becoming plainly obvious. Radioactive cesium (an alkali metal) rapidly contaminates an ecosystem and poisons the entire food chain, and this waste offshoot has been detected in Japanese foodstuffs over a 200 mile radius of the Daiichi facility. [6] Cesium and other radioactive waste products are bioaccumulative, meaning that they accumulate in an organism at a rate faster than the organism can eliminate it. Of course the Japanese government and TEPCO (Tokyo Electric Power Company) have blatantly lied about the amount of radioactive waste that has been leaking into the Pacific, however, the devastating results have been impossible to ignore. I’ve wondered since the beginning of this disaster-which has already shown to be far worse that the Chernobyl nuclear disaster in the Ukraine, in 1986-why the world’s top, leading scientists have not come together to figure out how to stop the leaking radiation. The reason is because no one knows how to deal with this catastrophe. In March of 2015, it was reported in the Times of London, that Akira Ono, the chief of the Fukushima power station admitted that the technology needed to decommission the three melted-down reactors does not exist, and he has no idea how it will be developed. [7] More recently, Naohiro Masuda, the decommissioning chief of the Fukushima Daiichi Decommissioning Company, also stated that the technology does not exist to remove the highly radioactive debris from the damaged reactors: Ono also claimed that decommissioning the plant by 2051 may be impossible without huge leaps in technological advancement. [8] It’s also been estimated that plutonium fallout has been 70,000 times greater than atomic bomb fallout in Japan! [9] Japan has also seen a skyrocketing of childhood Cancer rates, particularly, thyroid Cancer. [10] As of August, 2013, TEPCO admitted that between “20 trillion to 40 trillion becquerels [11 - a Becquerel is a unit of measurement for radioactive material] of radioactive tritium may have leaked into the sea since the disaster.” [12] Since it’s been shown over and again, that TEPCO repeatedly lied and covered up the true extent of the disaster, that number is most likely far greater. While official sources keep claiming that there is no danger from the leaking radiation, sea life all along the west coast of the US has been dying in alarming numbers, and many fish and sea creatures tested off the west coast have shown extremely high amounts of radioactivity, that far exceeds safe limits. In actuality though, there really are no “safe” limits of radiation. The Japan Times reported on Feb 25th, 2015, that cesium and other radioactive waste was pouring from the reactor one site, directly into the ocean. [13] TEPCO did nothing to prevent the leak and simply ignored the problem for close to a year! [14] There has been a massive die-off of marine life along the west coast of the US, which has scientists “baffled.” Do you mean to tell me that scientists studying this death of the Pacific haven’t taken into account the possibility that it could be caused by the hundreds of tons of nuclear waste that has been pouring into the Pacific each day for the last four years? So few dare to admit the extent of damage caused by this disaster or the fact that it is forcing us to face the possibility of our own extinction. What happens when the planet’s largest body of water is rendered lifeless on a planet made up mostly of water? What happens when the radiation accumulates in the atmosphere and is spread throughout the world by the jet stream? Massive die-off of sea lions along the west coast has left scientists “baffled.” Might it have something to do with the hundreds of tons of radioactive waste that has been pouring into the Pacific each day for four years? In 2013, the Huffington Post reported that massive amounts of krill washed up along the west coast in a 250 mile stretch from Oregon to California. [15] Krill is an essential part of the ocean’s food chain. When marine life on the low end of the food chain dies off, the larger animals that feed on that marine life starve to death. Carcasses of dead sea lions and seals that were examined revealed high doses of radiation, [16] and yet, mainstream scientists remain “baffled.” This dead sea lion showed extremely high levels of radiation near its heart and liver. The Pacific Ocean is dying at an alarming rate, and no one seems to notice it, or, they simply put on the blinders and embrace abject denial. It has also been widely reported that massive amounts of starfish have appeared along the west coast that have literally turned to mush. USA Today reported on this, [17] and of course they claim that no one knows why; it’s a mystery. Might it have something to do with the fact that the Pacific has become a toxic, nuclear waste dump? Of course not, that’s just crazy, paranoid, tin-foil-hat talk. The level of cognitive dissonance that ensnares the minds of most people is truly staggering to me. USA Today headline from Dec, 2013. No one knows why? Might it have something to do with the fact that the Pacific Ocean has become the world’s largest, toxic waste dump? It’s also been reported that 98% of the sea floor of the Pacific is covered with dead sea life. [18] Not surprisingly, mainstream scientists blame this massive death of the Pacific on global warming.“In the 24 years of this study, the past two years have been the biggest amounts of this detritus by far,” said marine biologist Christine Huffard, who works at the research station off of California.“Multiple other stations throughout the Pacific have seen similarly alarming increases.” [19] The feeble efforts of TEPCO and the Japanese government to stop the radioactive leaks, with ice walls, dams, and other paltry, makeshift remedies have been in vain. Nobody knows how to contain the radioactive leaks, so the Japanese govt. and TEPCO do the next best thing; they lie about it and downplay the dangers. Business as usual! The head of the National Cancer Research Center in Japan, reported in Feb, 2015, that Cancer rates have skyrocketed by 6,000% and that it was being “swept under the rug.” [20] It must be global warming causing this unprecedented rise in Cancer rates eh? In Jan, 2015, Japan’s nuclear regulator approved TEPCO’s ingenious plan to simply drain waste-water into the ocean. [21] In Nov, 2014, Ken Buesseler, of the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution claimed:“My biggest concern is what’s going on in Japan today, and how that might make its way across to our coast. We know it’s still leaking because we’re measuring higher levels off Japan to this day. “Even just the basic question, ‘How much radioactivity was released at Fukushima?’ I can’t answer that today. We may never be able to because of the lack of sampling, particularly in the ocean.” [22] An experienced, veteran sailor by the name of Ivan Macfadyen, who has sailed the Pacific taking part in races, stated in an interview that:“It’s dead…for thousands of miles there was nothing [between US and Japan] like sailing in a dead sea…everything’s all gone. Just talking about it makes me feel like I want to cry. No birds, no fish, no sharks, no dolphins, no turtles, nothing.” [23] This is the legacy that humanity is leaving for their posterity; a dead world. Humanity has allowed itself to be ruled by a ruthless, psychopathic gang of parasites whose greed and insatiable lust for power knows no bounds. There really is no one to blame but ourselves. The information in this article is not even a scratch in the surface of the true magnitude of this nuclear disaster. The radiation will bioaccumulate in the ocean and atmosphere for centuries to come. Mankind is staring our very extinction in the face. This is an opportunity for humanity to face the force of our own destructiveness, and to come together as one family. Unfortunately, the average person’s thoughts seem to be firmly fixated on the sports scores, who’s blowing who in the latest, celebrity scandal or the latest pop culture fad. Unfortunately, the world’s masses suffer from a serious condition known as, Rectal-Cranial Inversion! Let us also not forget the Deepwater Horizon disaster that occurred in the Gulf of Mexico, on April 20, 2010. Massive amounts of oil leaked into the gulf, and in the subsequent cleanup attempt, the well was capped which caused a crack in the seabed, causing extreme amounts of oil to pour into the gulf, killing marine life in droves and destroying the fishing industry in that region. A highly toxic and controversial dispersant called Corexit was dumped into the sea, and the results have been catastrophic. Fishermen have reported sea creatures being caught in the gulf that had lesions on their bodies and all sorts of other anomalies including mutated sea life, eyeless shrimp and ulcers. [24] By Doug Michael Truth Dear Friends, HumansAreFree is and will always be free to access and use. If you appreciate my work, please help me continue. 
Stay updated via Email Newsletter: Related",0
2121,"Hillary Clinton’s Elections 2016 concession speech from New York (FULL, streamed live)","19 mins ago 3 Views 0 Comments 0 Likes It's fair to say, Europe's been shocked by Trump's   Europe's   Trump's   RT LIVE http://rt.com/on-air      ",0
2122,Trump’s Team May Well Clean the Syrian Sewer | New Eastern Outlook,"Region: USA in the World Some of us hope that Trump will begin tracking down the ratline that led to a billion dollars of advanced American weapons that ended up in the hands of terrorists fighting in Syria and Iraq. The scale of this is no accident. There is no doubt whatsoever that along with Saudi Arabia and the Gulf States picking up the bill, pumping hundreds of millions into Raytheon Corporation for TOW and Stinger missiles, the arms dealers in Ukraine, Israel and Turkey need a smackdown for their role in war crimes that have killed 400,000 Syrian civilians, according to the Syrian Human Rights Observatory. Then there is this group itself, the disinformation news services for ISIS and al Nusra, working with Reuters, to cover for war crimes and help stage murderous gas attacks on civilians. This organization and the pet pro-ISIS media, who were very much a part of the terrorist war on Syria, need to be sent to Guantanamo for a dose of that promised “much worse than waterboarding” torture. Yes, America is back in the torture business in a big way but Trump promises that this time it will be the real terrorists and not poor kidnapped cab drivers and patsys like those that filled the prisons of Poland and the torture rooms of Gadhafi’s Libya. One might question how someone as close to Israel as Trump is may be able to clean up the problems that Israel is and will continue to be at the heart of. This and other issues, the newfound love of Russia by a president elect who has surrounded himself with Russia-haters, perhaps time and a reality check will make this all clear at some time in the future. We can only hope. But we look to Syria now. The truth is a lie and up is down, or so it seems. Let’s look at Aleppo, or so we are told were one to read the Guardian or watch CNN. A humanitarian group called “White Helmets” saves civilians from massacre or is this true? What if I told you that the “White Helmets” are members of terror groups, enforcers, torturers and “beheaders” who perform impromptu “street theatre, killing babies one minute and pretending to save them the next. Again we ask, will President Trump hunt down these war criminals along with the Syrian Human Rights Observatory, will he force Turkey out of Syria or stop the slaughter of the people of Yemen by Saudi Arabia? Conversely, he has “green-lighted” Israel’s cleansing of her remaining Palestinian population, estimated at up to 55% of Israel’s citizenry. Where will they go, with American closed to immigration and expelling millions? It’s the last days of the Obama administration and the mainstream press has let out the stops. Staged photos of the “Aleppo holocaust” are everywhere, the Reuters photographs of bloodied infants and carefully quaffed “white helmet” first responders are everywhere. Of course there are no “white helmets,” not wanting to spoil that hair and makeup job. These photos have been around for years, always shifting the blame for US backed gas attacks and rocketing, with a claimed 400,000 Syrian civilians killed, on the government and their alleged “barrel bombs.” It is all too little, too late, there is nothing that can and will be done, no last minute American invasion of Syria, joining the Turks who are already there, a last ditch attempt to save the ISIS/al Nusra “head choppers” from the Russian juggernaut. With General Michael Flynn taking over as National Security Advisor for President-elect Trump, whatever else the Trump administration may or may not be able to do, Flynn knows the Syrian war. He knows who has been supplying the terrorists, that being Israel, Saudi Arabia and Turkey and he has a well-established understanding of Russia’s role and has long made his support of Russia in Syria clear. The key to how this will turn out will be how much power Flynn will have, formerly direction of the Defense Intelligence Agency. Trump, while looking for “military types” to bolster up his own lack of background in that area, except as a student in a military prep school, had initially turned to retired Major General Paul Vallely, founder of Stand Up America, a militia group advocating the violent overthrow of the US government. Vallely has told associates that Trump shortlisted him for Vice President but was passed over. Vallely is featured in a YouTube video allegedly visiting Aleppo. There he is filmed meeting with rebel leaders, some of whom are currently members of ISIS. Some of those likely to oppose Trump’s policies in his own party, names like Graham and McCain, are alleged to have been involved in trafficking stolen oil from Iraq, dating back to as early as 2004 and continuing to this day, via ISIS. This theft of Iraqi and now Syrian crude as well, starting with the US invasion of Iraq in 2003, moved oil into Turkey by both truck and pipeline and eventually into waiting tankers, particularly Exxon and BP, loaded under the supervision of the Turkish Navy at Ceyhan in the Mediterranean. VT’s Alex Powers was there in Baghdad with Brenner and I was in Erbil. For years, up to 40% of Iraqi oil was never paid for, some passed on in bribes in Iraq, tens of millions to key members of congress while billions more laundered into the black accounts of the oil companies. There it joined the tens of billions that were spent to arm an Iraqi army that never existed and to build a nation left it ruins, but we are getting ahead of ourselves. Will the US be able to take a credible stand without bringing the Bush era criminals to the dock? Is ISIS simply a continuity of Bush era policy, Sunni and Baathist militarists loaded up with retired contract US and Israeli officers, Turkish, Saudi and Qatari spies, funded by oil companies and armed by Raytheon? Will Trump expose the “re-death” of Osama bin Laden, with a well recorded first death on December 13, 2001, even reported by Fox News in the US and a second public killing and burial at sea without a shred of evidence, obviously done as cheap political theatre. Will Trump expose 9/11 as promised even though the finger pointing at Saudi Arabia that now comes out of Washington will inexorably lead to their Israeli friends as well? Without this delve into truth, can the books ever be balanced once and for all? Gordon Duff is a Marine combat veteran of the Vietnam War that has worked on veterans and POW issues for decades and consulted with governments challenged by security issues. He’s a senior editor and chairman of the board of Veterans Today , especially for the online magazine “ New Eastern Outlook .” Popular Articles ",0
2123,Eurosceptics in Finland Call for Referendum on European Union and Euro,"An    leader of Finland’s only Eurosceptic party has proposed a national referendum on leaving the European Union as well as on abandoning the euro in favor of a national currency. [Sampo Terho, a former member of the European Parliament and one of the top figures of the new populist and Eurosceptic party called Peerussuomalaiset (the True Finns, or just the Finns) is pushing for Finland’s exit from the Eurozone, an outcome he considers inevitable.  Terho is the current frontrunner in his bid for Finn party chairmanship in the upcoming party convention to be held in June. The Finn party is presently the junior partner in the   government led by Prime Minister Juha Sipila, with Finn’s current leader, Timo Soini, in the role of foreign minister. Within the ranks of Perussuomalaiset, calls for a “Fixit” (coined to mimic “Brexit”) as well as a disentanglement from the single euro currency are growing louder. Terho’s chief competitor for leadership in the party comes from Jussi   a member of the European Parliament (MEP) a Eurosceptic who believes that Europe is heading towards a disaster because of unchecked immigration. Terho has argued that from an economic point of view, Finland’s detachment from the euro is imperative. “The only way to support our competitiveness is an internal devaluation, and we have already done that,” Terho said recently, suggesting that Finland cannot be economically competitive while anchored to the euro. Finland is the only country in the Nordic Community (also comprising Sweden, Norway, Denmark, and Iceland) to be a member of the Eurozone. Notably, it is also the only Nordic country facing severe economic and social problems, including weak growth after years of recession, unemployment well higher than in surrounding countries, and social tensions. “The alternative option, looking to 2020, 2030 or 2040, is a return to the national currency,” Terho said. “When we take this long view, that option seems possible, even likely. ” The euro is suffering similar rethinking in various sectors throughout Europe. One need think only of the Czech Republic’s recent announcement to break away from the fixed parity between the euro and Czech koruna, as well as Sunday’s first round of French elections, which have sent Eurosceptic Marine Le Pen to the final runoff in June against progressive Emmanuel Macron. Terho has called for a national referendum for or against the stay in the European Union itself, which he suggested should be discussed during the campaign for the upcoming parliamentary elections, scheduled for 2019. Currently, polls indicate that some 68 percent of Finnish voters favor remaining in the EU. The youth organization of the Finns party launched a “Fixit” petition last June following Britain’s referendum vote to leave the EU, but at the time the proposal was unable to garner the 50, 000 supporters required to justify the referendum. Sebastian Tynkkynen, head of the Finns Party Youth, said at the time that the group’s next goal was to make a Fixit referendum the main campaign demand for the party in Finland’s next general election in 2019. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
2124,"Regardless of Who Wins the Election, Confidence in Washington DC Is ALREADY Shattered","By Clint Siegner It just doesn’t matter much whether Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump wins the election, at least in terms of gold and silver... ",0
2125,"Leftist Housewife Steals Dozens Of Trump Signs, Here’s Why…","Pinterest 
In her Washington Post article explaining why she and her lady friends decided to drive around the neighborhood and steal Donald Trump signs from private property, there’s one line that explains perfectly the leftist mentality. 
The liberal idea that your feelings are more important than the law – your personal opinions, or grudges, or perceived injustices grant you permission to commit criminal acts with little regard to the consequences. 
Betta Stothart wrote her article in The Post on Tuesday (she provided a link to her Twitter feed, which was brand new at the time she wrote it, but has already been taken down) confessing to driving around her Falmouth, Maine, neighborhood with two other compatriots stealing dozens of Donald Trump signs from people’s yards. 
She was caught and arrested and now has to go to court. She tells us she’s sorry, but she’s not. Because her feelings about this campaign are more important. Read how she describes her situation: 
I committed a crime this month, along with two of my friends. I’m not the lawbreaking type. In fact, as a 52-year-old mom, my life is pretty predictable and boring. But this election, a particular candidate’s boasts about women pushed me over the edge. 
In the suburban, upper-middle-class part of Maine where I live, Republicans and Democrats live together mostly in harmony. In every election cycle, there’s some tension. But the 2016 presidential campaign has been different. Tensions in my town are running at a fevered pitch. 
Which is how three middle-aged moms came to be running down the road, tearing up the Donald Trump signs along our version of Main Street. We’d been talking about the infamous Billy Bush tape and the women who have since come forward to share their own stories of abuse. We were angry. Getting Trump’s name off our median strip seemed like the best way to express our rage. 
These three women must have been proud of themselves, probably laughing heartily as they committed theft, trespassing and violated the First Amendment of their neighbors. Why? Because she thinks she was assaulted by the signs. 
In retrospect, I realize I shouldn’t be proud of my transgression. Hanging out with a bunch of moms, we started grousing about the proliferation of signs. Can you believe someone would put that many Trump signs so close together on our roads? It’s so rude. Who is this jerk? We felt assaulted by the number of signs . The idea of “cleansing” our streets seemed like the fastest way to restore balance and alleviate our election stress — at least, that night it did. 
“ Assaulted” ? This is exactly why the Left is so dangerous. They are “assaulted” by ideas – by mere thoughts or opinions that are not their own. They will do anything- and Ms. Stothart did – to silence any dissent. 
And she writes that “ in retrospect, I realize I shouldn’t be proud of my transgression. ” 
She doesn’t say she isn’t proud, she merely tells us that in retrospect she shouldn’t be proud. 
Which tells us that she is . She is proud of what she did. 
When asked what she would say to the victims of her trespassing and theft, she offers no apology, merely a justification that Trump is bad, and that because she herself was a victim of an unwanted sexual advance, it justifies her behavior. 
She claims she’ll go to court in December with some sense of humility and shame – she’ll “explain” and “apologize.” 
But she’s not sorry. Not really. 
To her – and the millions of Leftists like her – the ends justify the means. Silence dissent, crush the opposition, tear down and destroy any thing that strays from your worldview. 
This is the world that Ms. Stothart lives in. She still lives in it today. She takes pride in suppressing the political view of her fellow Americans. 
She writes that the “agitation and fear is rising on both sides.” 
No, Ms. Stothart. I have yet to see a single story about a Trump supporter violating the Constitutional rights of a Hillary Clinton supporter by stealing yard signs. 
This is liberal America. This is Ms. Stothart’s America. 
This is not the America I want to live in.",0
2126,Turkey to Release Tens of Thousands of Prisoners to Make Room for Coup Suspects - The New York Times,"ISTANBUL  —   Turkey said on Wednesday that it would empty its prisons of tens of thousands of criminals to make room for the wave of journalists, teachers, lawyers and judges rounded up in connection with last month’s failed coup. The startling decision to put so many criminals convicted of nonviolent offenses back on the streets is a measure of the strains on the state as President Recep Tayyip Erdogan expands a   purge of those suspected of being enemies of the government. The efforts have created gaping holes in government institutions, the judiciary, schools, the news media and countless other professions. Acting under powers granted by a state of emergency and allowing the state to bypass Parliament to enact new laws, Turkey said in a decree issued on Wednesday that it would begin releasing up to 38, 000 prisoners, or roughly one in five people behind bars. Most will be freed by the end of the week. The government has blamed the coup attempt, which unfolded the night of July 15 as a rebel faction of the military sought to topple the government, on Fethullah Gulen, an Islamic cleric who lives in   in rural Pennsylvania and whose followers have long filled positions in state institutions, including the military. But the state has gone well beyond arresting only the military officers suspected of planning the coup attempt. Prisons filled to capacity in the weeks after the coup attempt, and many detainees slept in the communal spaces of jails, often without any bedding, said Ozturk Turkdogan, the president of the Human Rights Association in Turkey. The authorities have also used sports arenas to house the flood of prisoners. “This is a serious case of bad treatment, and the prisoners are suffering from serious health concerns as a result,” Mr. Turkdogan said. More than 40, 000 people have been detained or arrested on   charges, officials say. Tens of thousands of others, including teachers, police officers, state bureaucrats and even airline employees, have lost their jobs. In some cases, the state has seized assets without due process, activists say. “There are a lot of arbitrary practices,” said Andrew Gardner, a researcher on Turkey for Amnesty International. Under the   plan, convicted criminals who have served at least half of their sentences will be freed on supervised parole. The government said that those guilty of murder, rape or other violent crimes were not eligible for release. “The conditions of prisons were already bad before the coup attempt because they were over capacity,” said Sezgin Tanrikulu, a lawmaker with the main secular opposition group, the Republican People’s Party. Now, he said, “We have heard reports of two to three people sharing beds and having to sleep in corridors. ” Mr. Tanrikulu said his party supported the   program as a necessary measure to reduce overcrowding, but he added that it should have been done in consultation with Parliament. “It is not right to use the state of emergency to subvert the rule of law in Turkey,” he said. Rights activists have raised concerns that the government is making no distinction between those who committed criminal acts to support the coup and people who might only have donated money to charities linked to Mr. Gulen, held accounts at banks affiliated with him or attended schools associated with the cleric. At the same time, Mr. Erdogan’s government has accelerated an already widespread crackdown on freedom of expression, shutting down more than 100 news outlets suspected of holding links to Mr. Gulen and arresting dozens of journalists. Since the failed coup, Turkey has once again become the world’s leading jailer of journalists, a position the country held a few years ago, according to Reporters Without Borders, an international advocacy group. “It’s very unfortunate,” said Orhan Kemal Cengiz, a columnist and human rights lawyer who was detained briefly after the coup attempt, referring to the prisoner releases. He said the government would release “thieves, all the criminals, to fill the prisons with intellectuals, writers, human rights activists and others, as well as the coup people. ” The scale of the purges has raised concern in the West that Turkey is backsliding on human rights, after having shown improvement on that front as it sought membership in the European Union. Amnesty International recently published a report accusing Turkish security forces of beating and torturing imprisoned coup suspects. Separately, photos of prisoners, many of them bruised or with black eyes, have circulated on social media. Turkish officials have denied all reports of torture or other abuses. At the same time, Turkey has curtailed the rights of prisoners, raising fears that the purges are being conducted beyond the rule of law, and that the accused will be unable to adequately defend themselves. A decree issued under the state of emergency restricts visits by lawyers and family members. The state now has the right to record conversations between prisoners and their lawyers, and in some cases government officials are present for those discussions. “This leads to censorship because people fear repercussions, especially in the cases of reporting torture and mistreatment,” said Mr. Turkdogan, of the Human Rights Association. “They can’t share confidential information about their case. Under these conditions, how can anyone defend themselves? Even those that are guilty have a right to defend themselves. ”",0
2127,VA Backlog Means Thousands Of Veterans Owed Money In NC,"‹ › Arnaldo Rodgers is a trained and educated Psychologist. He has worked as a community organizer and activist. VA Backlog Means Thousands Of Veterans Owed Money In NC By Arnaldo Rodgers on November 2, 2016 VA 
By Faith Abubey 
Roughly 7,400 veterans who use the Kernersville, Charlotte and Salisbury Veterans Affairs health care and medical centers are waiting on travel reimbursements, some of which were supposed to have been processed back in July. 
UPDATE: As of November 1st, the Salisbury VA offices now say they have begun processing travel vouchers for October. The vouchers will be processed in sequential date order. 
The backlog is affecting veterans like Lee, who is reluctant to use his full name because he fears there might be backlash against him for speaking out about the delays. 
“I don’t know what kind of adverse action might be taken against me,” the Air Force veteran said. “[The VA employees] have a good job. They’re not rushing. They don’t really care.” 
Read the Full Article at www.wfmynews2.com >>>> Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VNN, VNN authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. Notices Posted by Arnaldo Rodgers on November 2, 2016, With 0 Reads, Filed under Veterans Affairs . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can leave a response or trackback to this entry FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT",0
2128,You Can Smell Hillary’s Fear,"Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the Freedom Center, is a New York writer focusing on radical Islam. 
In the final stretch of the election, Hillary Rodham Clinton has gone to war with the FBI. 
The word “unprecedented” has been thrown around so often this election that it ought to be retired. But it’s still unprecedented for the nominee of a major political party to go war with the FBI. 
But that’s exactly what Hillary and her people have done. Coma patients just waking up now and watching an hour of CNN from their hospital beds would assume that FBI Director James Comey is Hillary’s opponent in this election. 
The FBI is under attack by everyone from Obama to CNN. Hillary’s people have circulated a letter attacking Comey. There are currently more media hit pieces lambasting him than targeting Trump. It wouldn’t be too surprising if the Clintons or their allies were to start running attack ads against the FBI. 
The FBI’s leadership is being warned that the entire left-wing establishment will form a lynch mob if they continue going after Hillary. And the FBI’s credibility is being attacked by the media and the Democrats to preemptively head off the results of the investigation of the Clinton Foundation and Hillary Clinton. 
The covert struggle between FBI agents and Obama’s DOJ people has gone explosively public. 
The New York Times has compared Comey to J. Edgar Hoover. Its bizarre headline, “James Comey Role Recalls Hoover’s FBI, Fairly or Not” practically admits up front that it’s spouting nonsense. The Boston Globe has published a column calling for Comey’s resignation. Not to be outdone, Time has an editorial claiming that the scandal is really an attack on all women. 
James Carville appeared on MSNBC to remind everyone that he was still alive and insane. He accused Comey of coordinating with House Republicans and the KGB. And you thought the “vast right wing conspiracy” was a stretch. 
Countless media stories charge Comey with violating procedure. Do you know what’s a procedural violation? Emailing classified information stored on your bathroom server. 
Senator Harry Reid has sent Comey a letter accusing him of violating the Hatch Act. The Hatch Act is a nice idea that has as much relevance in the age of Obama as the Tenth Amendment. But the cable news spectrum quickly filled with media hacks glancing at the Wikipedia article on the Hatch Act under the table while accusing the FBI director of one of the most awkward conspiracies against Hillary ever. 
If James Comey is really out to hurt Hillary, he picked one hell of a strange way to do it. 
Not too long ago Democrats were breathing a sigh of relief when he gave Hillary Clinton a pass in a prominent public statement. If he really were out to elect Trump by keeping the email scandal going, why did he trash the investigation? Was he on the payroll of House Republicans and the KGB back then and playing it coy or was it a sudden development where Vladimir Putin and Paul Ryan talked him into taking a look at Anthony Weiner’s computer? 
Either Comey is the most cunning FBI director that ever lived or he’s just awkwardly trying to navigate a political mess that has trapped him between a DOJ leadership whose political futures are tied to Hillary’s victory and his own bureau whose apolitical agents just want to be allowed to do their jobs. 
The only truly mysterious thing is why Hillary and her associates decided to go to war with a respected Federal agency. Most Americans like the FBI while Hillary Clinton enjoys a 60% unfavorable rating. 
And it’s an interesting question. 
Hillary’s old strategy was to lie and deny that the FBI even had a criminal investigation underway. Instead her associates insisted that it was a security review. The FBI corrected her and she shrugged it off. But the old breezy denial approach has given way to a savage assault on the FBI. 
Pretending that nothing was wrong was a bad strategy, but it was a better one that picking a fight with the FBI while lunatic Clinton associates try to claim that the FBI is really the KGB. 
There are two possible explanations. 
Hillary Clinton might be arrogant enough to lash out at the FBI now that she believes that victory is near. The same kind of hubris that led her to plan her victory fireworks display could lead her to declare a war on the FBI for irritating her during the final miles of her campaign. 
But the other explanation is that her people panicked. 
Going to war with the FBI is not the behavior of a smart and focused presidential campaign. It’s an act of desperation. When a presidential candidate decides that her only option is to try and destroy the credibility of the FBI, that’s not hubris, it’s fear of what the FBI might be about to reveal about her. 
During the original FBI investigation, Hillary Clinton was confident that she could ride it out. And she had good reason for believing that. But that Hillary Clinton is gone. In her place is a paranoid wreck. Within a short space of time the “positive” Clinton campaign promising to unite the country has been replaced by a desperate and flailing operation that has focused all its energy on fighting the FBI. 
There’s only one reason for such bizarre behavior. 
The Clinton campaign has decided that an FBI investigation of the latest batch of emails poses a threat to its survival. And so it’s gone all in on fighting the FBI. It’s an unprecedented step born of fear. It’s hard to know whether that fear is justified. But the existence of that fear already tells us a whole lot. 
Clinton loyalists rigged the old investigation. They knew the outcome ahead of time as well as they knew the debate questions. Now suddenly they are no longer in control. And they are afraid. 
You can smell the fear. 
The FBI has wiretaps from the investigation of the Clinton Foundation. It’s finding new emails all the time. And Clintonworld panicked. The spinmeisters of Clintonworld have claimed that the email scandal is just so much smoke without fire. All that’s here is the appearance of impropriety without any of the substance. But this isn’t how you react to smoke. It’s how you respond to a fire. 
The misguided assault on the FBI tells us that Hillary Clinton and her allies are afraid of a revelation bigger than the fundamental illegality of her email setup. The email setup was a preemptive cover up. The Clinton campaign has panicked badly out of the belief, right or wrong, that whatever crime the illegal setup was meant to cover up is at risk of being exposed. 
The Clintons have weathered countless scandals over the years. Whatever they are protecting this time around is bigger than the usual corruption, bribery, sexual assaults and abuses of power that have followed them around throughout the years. This is bigger and more damaging than any of the allegations that have already come out. And they don’t want FBI investigators anywhere near it. 
The campaign against Comey is pure intimidation. It’s also a warning. Any senior FBI people who value their careers are being warned to stay away. The Democrats are closing ranks around their nominee against the FBI. It’s an ugly and unprecedented scene. It may also be their last stand. 
Hillary Clinton has awkwardly wound her way through numerous scandals in just this election cycle. But she’s never shown fear or desperation before. Now that has changed. Whatever she is afraid of, it lies buried in her emails with Huma Abedin. And it can bring her down like nothing else has.  ",0
2129,Comment on Black Holes: Are They Fountains of Creation? by Are black holes fountains of creation? – The Conscious Mind,"  For decades, physicists have been trying to reconcile two fundamental theories of physics: quantum field theory and general relativity. Quantum field theory works perfectly well for predicting the dynamics of subatomic particles, but must ignore gravity in order to do so. Conversely, general relativity can be used to determine the dynamics of planetary bodies, but in turn must ignore the conclusions of quantum mechanics. We do not have a unified theory that can bridge the gap between the microcosmic and the macrocosmic. But a Swiss physicist named Nassim Haramein claims to have found one, and says that his unified field theory has lead him to an ancient wisdom: All is One   Right, so what does that actually mean? We often hear that from sages and saints, but who can make sense of it? What is that One? According to Haramein, it’s literally a singularity—a black hole. In the early days of quantum mechanics, physicists encountered what is now known as the “vacuum catastrophe.” Using the Voyager probes, they measured the energetic density of empty space. In what became the largest disparity between theory and experiment ever recorded, these measurements produced some baffling results. While it was believed that the energy contained in a vacuum would be very slight, near zero, the reality was quite the opposite: the vacuum density was measured to be 5.16 x 1093 gm/cm3 —a really, really big number. In fact, this number is 107 orders of magnitude larger than what was predicted by quantum theory. Because this discovery posed serious problems for the physicists, it was quietly shelved and the vacuum was subjected to a “renormalization process” that reduced the background energy to more manageable levels. Nassim Haramein decided to take the energy measured in the vacuum seriously. Using the vacuum catastrophe density of 5.16 x 1093 gm/cm3, he calculated the density of the space contained within a single proton. This turned out to be 4.98 x 1055 gm/cm3, meaning that a proton met the conditions for a black hole. Haramein then demonstrated that measuring a proton in this way eliminated the need for a strong nuclear force. In the standard model of quantum mechanics, gravity alone cannot account for the attraction of subatomic particles. For this reason, a new force of nature, the strong nuclear force, was proposed to account for this otherwise unexplainable attraction. In Haramein’s model, however, gravity alone is sufficient for explaining the attraction between protons; a strong nuclear force is unnecessary. Thus, while it may seem strange to think of a proton as a black hole, doing so results in simpler, more elegant quantum theory.   Haramein then formulated a scaling law, according to which objects of the universe could be graphed according to mass and radius. Photons, atoms, stars, and quasars all obeyed the condition for a black hole, falling on a single line of the graph. Further, the graph correctly predicted the presence of black holes at the center of most galaxies, though that was not known to be the case when Haramein published his findings. All of this would be remarkable on its own, but consider the following: the mass of a black hole proton comes close to some of the higher estimates for the mass of the entire universe. Thus, according to Haramein’s calculations, every single proton in the universe contains the entire mass of the universe. How can this be possible? This writer does not pretend to know. Nevertheless, it should be noted that the standard measurements of the size of the universe, even those that “renormalize” the energy of the vacuum, do suggest that the universe might be contained within a black hole (Than, 2010). If the entire world we know and experience might be contained within a black hole, is it too much a stretch of the imagination to suggest that it may actually be made of black holes on a subatomic level? The event horizon of a black hole is believed to contain all of the light and information of the universe. If Haramein’s theory is correct, all of that information could be found within the confines of a single subatomic particle—there would be, in Haramein’s words, “infinite complexity in any boundary condition.” Every galaxy, every star, every atom, and every proton would be an infinitely complex fractal representation of the one true singularity. All really would be One. Building on his theory, Haramein has gone on to explore the effects of torsion on space-time. He believes that his discoveries could lead to devices that harness the enormous energy of the vacuum to create gravity fields, leading to both free energy and antigravity machines. Using these machines, one could theoretically travel from one point in the universe to any other, regardless of distance, by forging an Einstein-Rosen bridge (a wormhole) between the two locations. Haramein has many detractors, some of whom claim to have “debunked” his theories. Generally, they say that his arguments are circular, that the peer-reviewers that accepted his paper aren’t reputable enough, or that he lacks the proper credentials. Personally, I have yet to encounter an effort at debunking him that was very convincing, as no one seemed to actually address Haramein’s arguments head on—they merely attack his person and make vague statements about his theory being bogus. That being said, the idea that the sun is a black hole does strain credulity, so I don’t think that their skepticism is entirely unwarranted. One day, maybe definitive proof for Haramein’s unified field theory will surface. Until then, both Haramein and the band Soundgarden will have to wait for their vindication. 
The Sacred Science follows eight people from around the world, with varying physical and psychological illnesses, as they embark on a one-month healing journey into the heart of the Amazon jungle. 
You can watch this documentary film FREE for 10 days by clicking here. 
""If “Survivor” was actually real and had stakes worth caring about, it would be what happens here, and “The Sacred Science” hopefully is merely one in a long line of exciting endeavors from this group."" - Billy Okeefe, McClatchy Tribune",0
