id,title,text,label
10910,Ученые сделали аккумулятор нового поколения похожим на кишечник,"0 комментариев 0 поделились Фото: АР 
В журнале Advanced Functional Materials, сотрудники Кембриджского университета и Пекинского технологического института рассказали, что принцип работы аккумулятора напоминает функционирование тонкого кишечника человека. 
Разработка заключается в том, что серосодержащий катод отделен от электролита специальной мембраной, которая по структуре напоминает волокна, находящиеся в тонкой кишке. Этот слой из волокон оксида цинка способен захватывать фрагменты активного вещества и присоединять их к проводящей решетке. Что и позволяет использовать повторно материалы аккумулятора, которые ранее были подвергнуты разрушению. 
""Удельная энергия литий-серной батареи превосходит в пять раз удельную энергию литий-ионной, которая используется в большинстве портативных устройств"", - рассказал автор исследования Дэн Чжао. 
Однако, по его словам, новая разработка пока не способна пройти через большое количество циклов зарядки-разрядки. 
Напомним, первые телефоны использовали никель-кадмиевые (Ni-Cd) аккумуляторы. Но несмотря на свои плюсы вроде большого ресурса и высокой токоотдачи, они обладали низкой удельной емкостью (45-65 Втч/кг). 
Эти причины заставили отказаться от Ni-Cd-аккумуляторов в пользу никель-металл-гидридных (Ni-MH) батарей. Они меньше подвержены эффекту памяти и имеют большую удельную емкость (60-72 Втч/кг). Однако срок хранения таких аккумуляторов примерно 200-500 циклов. 
Далее изобрели литий-ионный аккумулятор (Li-Ion), который остается остается одними из самых распространенных. Он имеет удельную емкость до 240 Втч/кг, что в несколько раз больше, чем у предшественников. Срок службы составляет более 600 циклов. Популярностью также обладают литий-полимерный аккумулятор (Li-Po). Эти аккумуляторы появились более 20 лет назад и до сих пор используются в смартфонах. 
Одной из самых последних разработок стали литий-серные (Li-S) аккумуляторы. Их энергоемкость вдвое превышает литий-ионных, также они выдерживают хороший срок службы (1,5 тыс. циклов заряда). Однако необходимость доработки и тестов в условиях влажности и температуры пока не дают выйти Li-S-аккумуляторам на рынок. 
Читайте последние новости Pravda.Ru на сегодня Полезные советы от Сноудена: Как защитить себя от слежки и прослушки Поделиться:",0
10911,Leaked ‘Brexit’ Memo Says U.K. Is Unsure How to Proceed - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   The government of Britain could need six more months to settle on a plan for negotiating the country’s exit from the European Union and an extra 30, 000 civil servants to deal with the complexities of the task, according to a memo of uncertain parentage leaked to The Times of London on Tuesday. The office of Prime Minister Theresa May poured cold water on the memo, denying reports that it was prepared for the government. “This unsolicited document has nothing to do with the government at all,” a spokesman said in a statement. “It was produced by an individual from an external accountancy firm. It has no authority, and we don’t recognize any of the claims it makes. ” Chris Grayling, secretary of state for transport, told BBC Radio on Tuesday, “It’s certainly not a government report. ” As for Britain’s departure from the union, known as Brexit, he said, “It’s a complex process, albeit with some simple objectives. ” The British press, already fluttery over the complications of leaving the European Union and the uncertainties of a trade deal with a President Donald J. Trump who, as a candidate, expressed opposition to free trade, seized on the memo, which The Times said was drafted on Nov. 7 by a “consultant” working for the Cabinet Office, a government department that supports the prime minister. According to The Guardian, the memo was “understood” to have been written by a consultant at Deloitte and was unsolicited by the government. “This was a note intended primarily for internal audiences,” said Mark Smith, a spokesman for Deloitte, confirming the Guardian report. “It was not commissioned by the Cabinet Office, nor any other government department, and represents a view of the task facing Whitehall,” he added, referring to the central government administration. “This work was conducted without access to No. 10 or input from any other government departments. ” But the memo to a large extent said what is widely understood: The government has not yet finished its internal debate on what kind of relationship it wants with the European Union, nor has it set its priorities for any negotiation and the cabinet remains divided between those favoring as clean a break with Brussels as possible and those who want to preserve   access to the huge European market. That negotiation would not begin in any case until Britain invokes Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, which sets a   limit for talks with the other 27 member states about Britain’s exit. A ruling by the High Court, which is being appealed by the government, said Parliament must have a debate and vote on invoking Article 50, which is not solely in the jurisdiction of the British cabinet. While the memo spoke of six months before the government could agree on a negotiating strategy, Mrs. May has said she intends to invoke the article by the end of March. She has said little specifically about what she favors, other than a deal that allows immigration controls as well as access to the European single market, which many European officials regard, at least for now, as incompatible. For now, as the memo suggested, she is trying to keep her Conservative Party together to avoid early elections. The memo also pointed to Britain’s   need for more trade negotiators and lawyers to work through that future relationship. Having been a member of the European Union for more than 40 years, Britain had no need for trade negotiators and clearly needs to hire more, and quickly any deal will be legally intricate. Given budget cuts and computerization, today’s Civil Service is reported to be the smallest since World War II, at 400, 000. The memo’s figure of 30, 000 extra civil servants seemed high, however, given that the entire staff of the European Commission  —   Brussels’ supposedly mighty bureaucracy  —   is 33, 000, according to official figures. David Archer, who is recruiting lawyers and trade negotiators to suggest to the government, said 10 percent of the résumés he is now receiving are of “good quality,” with required experience. The number of civil servants is down 20 percent since 2010, Mr. Archer said, and many civil servants are unhappy with Brexit. “Morale is awful and rock bottom,” he said. Mr. Archer, director of the executive search firm Circle Square, said that the government was training civil servants internally, and looking to law firms, former ambassadors and former trade negotiators. “It’s a problem, since we haven’t negotiated at an international level since 1973,” he said. There are about 600 trade negotiators worldwide, Mr. Archer said, including 40 currently in London. Robert Bourns, the president of the Law Society, said the government was doing its best at recruiting for Brexit, but with only a few months before Article 50 is invoked, “this is an enormous task. ” Much of current British law has been developed in Europe, Mr. Bourns said. He added that the government recognized that the number of lawyers capable of drafting legislation had been reduced over time, and needed to be increased. Mr. Grayling, a prominent Brexit supporter, said the government has “people in my department and in other departments working with the Brexit department,” adding, “I don’t know what 30, 000 extra people would do. ” According to the memo, various government departments are working on more than 500 projects related to Brexit, which is more than they can handle. It also repeated widespread reporting about Mrs. May’s management style, which is secretive. It said her tendency of “drawing in decisions and details to settle matters herself” or with a small circle of aides would prove unsustainable. “It may be six months before there is a view on   strategy as the political situation in the U. K. and the E. U. evolves,” said the document, titled “Brexit Update. ” Members of Parliament who favor a quick Brexit attacked the memo as intended to harm their case. John Redwood, a prominent Conservative who supports Brexit, said: “It’s complete nonsense. You don’t need consultants who are against Brexit and trying to undermine it. They are not speaking for the government, and I’m very glad they are not. Brexit can be much quicker, better and cheaper than they think. ” Another   legislator, Steve Baker, said: “This gloomy memo carries all the hallmarks of the campaign we know is in progress to defy the will of the British people. ”",0
10912,Trump: It Is In ’Vital National Security Interest of the US’ to Prevent the Use of Chemical Weapons - Breitbart,"During a statement on the missile strike on Syria carried out by the US, President Trump said that it is in the “vital national security interest of the United States to prevent and deter the spread and use of deadly chemical weapons. ” And called on “all civilized nations to join us in seeking to end the slaughter and bloodshed in Syria, and also to end terrorism of all kinds and all types. ”  Trump characterized Syria’s nerve attack as “very barbaric” and something that “no child of God” should ever suffer. that he characterized as an attack on “helpless men, women, and children. ” He added, “Tonight, I ordered a targeted military strike on the airfield in Syria from where the chemical attack was launched. It is in this vital national security interest of the United States to prevent and deter the spread and use of deadly chemical weapons. ” Trump further argued that prior attempts to change Assad’s behavior “have all failed, and failed very dramatically. ” He further called on “all civilized nations to join us in seeking to end the slaughter and bloodshed in Syria, and also to end terrorism of all kinds and all types. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
10913,WaPo’s Gerson: Trump Will Either ’Cause a Constitutional Crisis or Have a Completely Incompetent Presidency’ - Breitbart,"Sunday on CBS’s “Face The Nation,” Washington Post columnist Michael Gerson said once in office,   Donald Trump will cause a “constitutional crisis or have a completely incompetent presidency. ”  Gerson said, “Well, I think pretty much even chance that we are going to have a constitutional crisis or have a completely incompetent presidency, that doesn’t know how to exercise power, which I think is another possibility in this circumstance. We have a White House, Donald Trump has a White House with almost no skill of governing. We have a cheif of staff who has never been in government, which is absolutely extraordinary. ” “He has elevated people, generals and corporate heads that have no experience in this extraordinary complex business of how you put together an administration, run a bureaucracy, produce ideas,” he continued. “So, I think there’s a deep concern about the possibility of overreach. But I think we should be also concerned about the possibility of an entirely ineffective government that doesn’t value governing experience, that doesn’t value, you know, what government should do and what it can do under the right circumstances. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
10914,Budget Cuts Agencies’ Reserve Funds to Block Border Wall Construction - Breitbart,"The fine print in the bipartisan 2017 budget plan includes several paragraphs designed to prevent Donald Trump’s deputies from building a border wall with the reserve cash routinely stored in agency savings accounts. [That   language in the 2017 funding bill means wall construction is even further away from starting than it was last week, said Dan Horowitz, editor at Conservative Review. “This [bill] would make it effectively that you are worse off than you are before  —   Donald Trump is signing into law a bill that downright violates his promise“ to build a wall, Horowitz said.  The funding bill drafted by Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer and top GOP leaders does not offer any new funding for the wall, despite Trump’s request for at least $1 billion to build 62 miles of barrier this year. Instead, the bill grabs back more than $300 million from accounts at the Department of Homeland Security, including a $187 million in cash seized from drug smugglers and other criminals.  The $187 million is held in the Treasury Forfeiture Fund. According to the agency website: The Treasury Executive Office for Asset Forfeiture (TEOAF) administers the Treasury Forfeiture Fund (TFF). The TFF is the receipt account for deposit of   forfeitures made pursuant to laws enforced or administered by it participating Treasury and Department of Homeland Security agencies. The Fund was established in 1992 as the successor to what was then the Customs Forfeiture Fund. The TFF participating agencies are: Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigations Division ( ) U. S. Department of the Treasury, U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Department of Homeland Security, U. S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) Department of Homeland Security, U. S. Secret Service (USSS) Department of Homeland Security, U. S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security. That forfeiture language is intended to stop Trump’s deputies from using leftover funds to start building the wall, whose construction was authorized by Congress in 2006. The language in the bill also shows the Democrats will oppose Texas Sen. Ted Cruz’s proposal to fund the wall with funds recovered from criminals.  Cruz’s proposal is the “Ensuring Lawful Collection of Hidden Assets to Provide Order” bill. The spending bill does offer $497 million for various construction programs, including “$341, 200, 000 to replace approximately 40 miles of existing primary pedestrian and vehicle border fencing.“ But it also says the money can’t be spent unless the agency develops a huge master plan within just 90 days that is approved by the undersecretary of management at the Department of Homeland Security. But every “dollar is earmarked for a specific   wall purpose so there is no flexibility to reallocate funds,” said Robert Law, an advocate at the Federation for American Immigration Reform.  The budget deal does not include funds to hire extra border guards, as demanded by Trump.  Democrats celebrated. “In a defeat for President Trump, the [bill] does not fund the immoral and unwise border wall or create a cruel new deportation force,” said a statement by the Democratic leader in the House, Rep. Nancy Pelosi. The bill included “key victories for Democratic priorities,” she said.  The bipartisan budget deal was slammed by Law at FAIR. He said: In another backroom deal to fund the government, Congress has yet again ignored the will of the American people. President Trump campaigned on building a wall along the U. S.  border and the American people demand it. Unfortunately, Congress continues to show how tone deaf it is by not allocating a single dollar for new border wall construction. Physical barriers are a proven, successful deterrent to illegal immigration. Even if a border wall is not practical along the entire southern border, there are definitely places where it would work. The failure to fund even that portion of a wall in this government funding bill shows that Congress is not serious about permanently securing our nation’s borders. On Monday, the Democrats’ restrictions were downplayed by White House spokesman Sean Spicer, who said:  We have five months left in this fiscal year. We’re getting $1. 52 billion for border security, there’s a lot that can be done with that. We’ve got a lot of things that happen before the wall is built in terms of planning, technology, gates. There’s a lot of things that can do to prepare for that wall being constructed  …    this was a down payment for 2017 and as we get ready for fiscal year 2018 that’s start in the beginning of October, this will be a major priority. GOP leaders got some of what they wanted from Democrats by trading the away the priorities of Trump’s voters and ordinary conservatives, Horowitz said. The giveaways included cuts in funding for Planned Parenthood plus funds for the wall, while the gains include healthcare funds for Kentucky miners and language preventing curbs on major donations, both of which were sought by Senate Majority Leader Sen. Mitch McConnell.  McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan “do not share out values,” Horowitz said.  The Trump administration’s inability to fight for its supporters goals is a huge threat to the Trump presidency, said Mark Krikorian, director of the Center for Immigration Studies. “There’s a certain amount of political flexibility any president has to have  —   the problem is that on immigration ever time Trump has faced pushback [from Democrats or business groups] he either has retreated or has not asserted himself at all,” Krikorian said, adding:  Telling the Border Patrol and ICE [U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement]  that they could start doing their jobs again was easy to do  …     but there are proactive things that need to get done, accomplishments that require pushing and work, and those so far we have not really see out of the administration  …     if there were some things they were strong on, and a couple of places where they were willing to give ground, I don’t think that would necessarily hurt him. But on DACA [former President Barack Obama’s 2012  ] they’re still issuing new work permits   …     so they have not met the concerns of their own voters a quarter of the way. “In the latest challenge on funding for the wall, as soon as Chuck Schumer said ‘Boo,’ the White House surrendered, and although some think it will be different in September, It won’t be,” warned Krikorian.  Democrats fervently oppose Trump’s proposed border wall, which would literally and symbolically cement his 2016 victory and also block the northward migration of consumers, cheap workers, and future voters into   cities. GOP leaders know their business donors oppose the wall, which would reduce the inflow of   consumers and workers to the corporate members of the many Chambers of Commerce throughout the United States. In a Monday meeting with reporters, Schumer said several GOP Senators had told him they oppose the wall.",0
10915,GOP Senator: Trump ’Clearly Does Not Fully Understand or Appreciate the Boundaries’ - Breitbart,"Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” Sen. Susan Collins ( ) said during President Donald Trump’s meeting with former FBI Director James Comey that Trump should not have discussed the investigation into former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn.  Collins said, “The conversation should not have occurred. There’s just no doubt about that. ” “It’s not an excuse,” she added. “The president clearly does not fully understand or appreciate the boundaries but he should. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
10916,Navy Commissions Ship Honoring Gun Controller Gabby Giffords,"A U. S. Navy littoral combat ship (LCS) was commissioned Saturday in honor of gun control proponent Gabby Giffords. [Giffords is a former U. S. Congresswoman who has been pushing for background checks since being shot on January 8, 2011, by a man who passed a background check to acquire his gun. On March 4, 2015, Breitbart News reported Giffords’ position that every   gun owner should have to pass the same background check her attacker passed.  According to 10 News, the Honorable Sean Stackley, acting Secretary of the Navy, issued a statement on the commissioning, saying, “The commissioning of USS Gabrielle Giffords adds the advanced capability of a versatile warship to our nation’s growing fleet. Today’s ceremony is also a testament to the skill and dedication of our nation’s remarkable shipbuilders, who will be remembered for decades to come as LCS 10 deploys around the world to protect our freedoms. ” The home port for the USS Gabrielle Giffords will be San Diego. On February 10, 2012, the Washington Post reported the Navy’s announcement that a ship was to be built in Giffords’ honor. The announcement came hours after Giffords had joined President Obama as he signed legislation she had supported prior to being shot and resigning her seat in Congress. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
10917,DEA Official Spills the Beans on the Clinton Foundation,"DEA Official Spills the Beans on the Clinton Foundation Rules for thee, but not for me. 
Without much comment or fanfare, I am going to present a note sent to me by a DEA informant who I had a great amount of contact with over two years ago. My long-time readers may recall that during the Central American immigration invasion, I had contact with two DEA agents working independently. The information provided to me has stood the test of time. 
Everyone has to make up his/her mind as to the authenticity of this account. However, I want reiterate, I have had extensive contact with this person and their information has always been first rate. 

Dear Mr. Hodges, 
As you will recall, I had intermittent contact with you during the so-called Central American immigration crisis during May-July of 2014 in which I shared my experiences with you as a result of my work with the DEA. 
I am sure you will recall that I introduced you to the inner workings of terrorist training base camps operating in El Salvador as well the planned influx of MS-13 trained assassins into the United States which was accomplished with the oversight of DHS. These forces will soon come into prominence in the coming weeks and months. We are going to see violence in this country on an unprecedented scale just as we are seeing in Europe with the Muslim immigration, the local police will be powerless to act because they are ultimately controlled by federal agencies like DHS who will roadblock normal law enforcement. I am telling you it is hard to not believe that the real goal is to perpetuate massive civil unrest so that more formal uses of governmental power can be brought to bear against and potential American dissident movement which has really mushroomed since the beginning of the Trump candidacy 
My purpose for writing to you today is to let you know that I have contact with DOJ and in particular many FBI officials as a result of daily activities. I have to watch my ass and it is not as it was two years ago when we first communicated. I am determined to see the release of certain information prior to the election because I believe you and others are correct when you say, the criminal cabal that seems to have taken over key positions in our government are poised to change America and my children and yours will have to try and survive what is coming and then they will have live in this shit hole. I am playing this very close to the vest. Responding to this email will be pointless as all of our future conversations will have to remain one-sided but I am not writing anything that I do not want released. Please release everything I am sending to you. 
To a person my colleagues feel betrayed by the present FBI Director and Attorney General, but I am telling you that Obama is controlling the activities through his appointed CIA operatives who have infiltrated the DOJ as well as military, generally, and the FBI, specifically. The tone of the influence is decidedly pro-“Radical” Muslim and anti-American in the traditional sense. This undue influence often seeks to perpetuate the activities of those people of privilege who seem to be beyond the reach of traditional law enforcement. Their activities include gun running and drug dealing. This has reached into your area because Maricopa County Sheriff Joe will be/is the victim of election fraud because the certain people want him out because he will not look the other way when it comes to cartel drug activity in Arizona which is key because Arizona is a border state. 
Your reporting of the corrupt voting machines in your area seems to be correct but Arpaio is more of a target than Trump because he is an impediment to drug trafficking in your area. You have to remember that your Sheriff was at one time one of us, so we know what we are seeing. Yes- I am saying that Obama’s DOJ is protecting the drug dealers by going after Arpaio. The persecution of the Sheriff has nothing to do with the violations of the civil rights of immigrants and has everything to do with his refusal to cooperate with the Obama administration by looking the other way when it comes to both cartel and the intertwined activities of terrorists that have crossed our borders in great numbers since 2010. 
Most will never know who these people are until they act. They live among us, work with us and their children even go to school our children. When they are arrested, DHS shows up to intervene and the issue is cloaked under the guise of racial prejudice and border agents and local law enforcement who are over-stepping their bounds. The police are so discouraged that they have basically given up. This is actually a case of thinly disguised criminal enterprise corruption and DHS always runs the interference. This is a lot of what you see in these inexplicable catch and release activities. The bigger the drug and gun fish that is apprehended, the quicker they are released to repeat the same actions. 
A case in point from the past: Do you remember when Congressman Bridenstine tried to enter a holding facility for immigrants at Ft. Sill during the 2014 immigration crisis and he was told by DHS to come back and make an appointment? DHS was attempting to shield what was truly going on which was the introduction of foreign operatives into mainstream America. West African terrorists are also coming across our border with bad intentions, not just people from Central America and the Middle East. I have every indication that these forces are ready to unleash massive waves of destruction in our country as their drug activities have increased exponentially in the past several months. They are raising money for purposes that extend far beyond mere living expenses. 
You have written that you expect the left to unleash terror attacks should Mrs. Clinton not win the election through whatever means is at her disposal. You are correct, but I think this may be a moot point. Speaking of Mrs. Clinton, the Foundation is the most criminal enterprise organization on the face of the earth. They avoid detection because of the use of their shell corporations which gives them at least 2-3 degrees of separation. 
When the President of the Philippines executed thousands of drug dealers he was upsetting the balance of trade in the drug industry and I believe he was cutting into Foundation activities. This is why Obama was going to Manila to personally speak with him until Obama was attacked with a tirade of insults and name-calling by this newly elected President. This politician will not be in power for long. The CIA has a way of taking the massive protests that we see in the news and turning it on whomever they want to displace. The people of the Philippines are protesting the military presence in the Philippines today but this could be turned into revolutionary force tomorrow. This is why this rogue President is moving towards aligning with China and you have picked up on that in an arti0cle I read. This President is looking for protection and he should be. 
The world war that is coming has a lot to do with drug wars, not just Syria. There are clear divisions in the world that are firming up along these lines and it would be a mistake to ignore these developments. 
The DEA is just as corrupted as the FBI, as we are still honoring our under-the-table agreement with the Sinolas in which we agree to only interdict 20% of the drug shipments into the United States in exchange for some unknown amount of intelligence information. How many terrorist cells do you think we are knowingly letting in along with the drugs? It was during the same time frame that you and I were talking that Judicial Watch came across the ISIS and drug cartel base camp near El Paso. I am sure you asked yourself how many facilities like this one exist and if there are any inside of the United States? There are and they are now working with foreign entities inside the United States. When we make our token busts, we frequently come upon the involvement of Russian and Chinese national who are in this country and they are immediately released by DOJ and DHS. It is starting to look like one big and happy criminal enterprise family that is international in scope but does enjoy the protection of the Obama administration. 
Your article about a multi-pronged attack including a Red Dawn element is close to what I know to be a real possibility and this is the advanced force designed to disrupt command and control in the coming war. The sad thing is that many agents suspect this and we are powerless to expose it. Congress has been tipped off and they show no interest. A lot of the reason that I think you are correct about what you have recently written, are the paramilitary base camps in and around San Salvador which have now spread to Honduras. this is a growing problem and growing concern. These terrorists have been trained on stingers and 50 cal weapons. They are also serving as drug transport entities. 
In the past couple of days since Director Comey announced he was reopening the investigation on Mrs. Clinton, I have had several advanced warnings of what was coming. The Clintons have fallen into disfavor with important entities- groups. 
My colleagues believe that more than Mrs. Clinton is being targeted and that there are unknown actors looking to commit a hostile takeover of the Clinton Foundation because the Clintons have stepped on important toes in the international drug and gun trade, in particular, in Peru, which is the conduit between Middle East terrorists and the cartels. As I have told you before, my associates on the FBI drug task force(s) tell me that this reopening of the investigation is not the result of Director Comey being pressured to act against Mrs. Clinton from within the FBI, as many publications have insinuated. The sudden turning of Director Comey against Mrs. Clinton is motivated by forces outside of the FBI. At least that is what we are being led to believe and I think it is so. Any agent that would launch an investigation into any of the areas that I have mentioned here would be finished or worse. 
I have spoken with some who participated in the original email investigation. When the emails led to guns and drugs, the emails were destroyed and this line of the investigation was reduced to a series of meaningless leads. I know this for a fact because we had some of the same information. 
Everyone of the agents will privately admit that the first FBI investigation was designed to produce exoneration for Mrs. Clinton. My people are aware of this because some of the subject matter involved money laundering from drug and gun operations. Don’t make the mistake in believing that this present investigation is any more or any less honest that the last one. Of course, you should also not believe what you are reading and seeing in the press. The Clinton duo is being taken down for reasons that are unknown to me by forces that I have to come to believe control Director Comey and AG Lynch. In one of your most recent articles you talked about Clinton being elected and then indicted. This opens an endless universe of possibilities about how the transition of power will be handled in January. 
Many of us believe that the United States is about to become a thinly veiled narco terrorist state, the biggest in the history of the world. I could see cartel members, of their representatives visiting the White House in this next administration. At present in the DEA, we are most often cast into the role of blocking legitimate investigations in these areas. Some fear that we will soon become facilitators. To date that role has always been fulfilled by the CIA. However, we think it is going to permeate the ranks of my agency. By the way Dave, you have claimed to have contact with another DEA source during the time we were speaking. Be careful, trolls abound with false information. 
I strongly believe that Hillary could be indicted. I think that what you have written about the possible scenarios following an indictment is possible, but that part is unknown and unconfirmed from my perspective. I do know that the FBI investigators with our assistance are still being limited in what they can look at. I have been contacted for information related to past drug investigations only to have the requests prepared and the FBI no longer shows any interest in the information, particularly if it is drug related. Any investigation that includes drug trafficking and money laundering seems to still be out of bounds. The Weiner angle is laughable but they may make it stick. It appears to some that it is open season on Hillary Clinton at the Bureau with regard to these emails. 
It is my belief that if Mrs. Clinton survives this latest round, and I do not think she will, we are going to see a massive purge in the government like this country has ever seen. I have given you a lot to digest so I am going to close for now. 
Based on what we already know, is this information that earth-shattering. I look at this as business as usual and our election process and ultimately the welfare of our country is up for grabs and money is the ultimate reason why.",0
10918,La Russie teste ses nouveaux missiles en Syrie,"défense , Opération russe en Syrie , armée Des exercices militaires conjoints entre la Russie et l'Inde. Crédit : Yuri Smityuk / TASS 
Les hélicoptères de combat russes Ka-52K utiliseront pour la première fois les missiles antichars guidés (MAC) Hermes en Syrie dans la lutte contre l'organisation terroriste Daech, informe le quotidien Izvestia . 
« Les essais sur le terrain permettront de finaliser le complexe de missiles qui fera ensuite partie de l’arsenal permanent des hélicoptères de combat russes Alligator. Il a été décidé de tester Hermes dans des conditions plus difficiles à bord d’un navire » , écrit le quotidien citant sa source au sein du complexe militaro-industriel russe. Qu’est-ce qu’Hermes et à quoi sert-il Buk-M3 et Kalibr : de nouvelles armes pour l’armée russe Selon les informations d’ Izvestia , la nouvelle arme permettra aux hélicoptères Ka-52K de détruite les chars ennemis, les fortifications et les cibles vivantes à une distance de 30 kilomètres. Pour le moment, la portée des modèles équivalents utilisés par les systèmes russes et étrangers (Ataka, Vikhr, Hellfire, etc.) est inférieure à dix kilomètres. 
Le colonel à la retraite et expert militaire chez TASS Victor Litovkine explique qu’Hermes sera utilisé contre les sites bien protégés des islamistes – les usines d’armement et les engins explosifs improvisés, ainsi que contre les postes de commandement et les installations de tir temporaires. « L’utilisation sur le terrain permettra de décider si le complexe doit être amélioré ou s’il peut être adopté en l’état » , précise l’expert. Les particularités d’Hermes 
Les experts interrogés par RBTH soulignent que la particularité principale du missile est la possibilité d’un usage « horizontal » . La tête autoguidée combinée au capteur infrarouge et au canal laser permet au missile d’atteindre les véhicules blindés de l’ennemi, même s’ils se trouvent hors du champ de vision de l’équipage de l’hélicoptère. Lire aussi : Les forces navales russes auront une base permanente en Syrie 
« Le complexe israélien Spike-NLOS, monté sur un châssis à roues, peut accomplir des missions techniques similaires. Mais le complexe russe peut être utilisé tant sur des véhicules terrestres à chenilles que sur les hélicoptères et les navires. Hermes est plus universel » , a appris RBTH auprès du ministère russe de la Défense. Il précise que les informations officielles sur le missile seront publiées après son adoption par l’ armée . 
« Aujourd’hui, on peut seulement affirmer que sa portée est largement supérieure à celle des complexes antichars étrangers, la plus grande étant de dix kilomètres pour ces derniers » , souligne notre interlocuteur. Il ajoute que l’ogive du missile peut être tant cumulative qu’explosive et incendiaire. Lire aussi : La Russie prête à abattre des avions américains en cas de frappe en Syrie Les hélicoptères de navire Ka-52 
Les hélicoptères de navire Ka-52 Katran ont été conçus spécialement pour les bâtiments de débarquement français du type Mistral . Cependant, sous la pression des alliés au sein de l’ Otan , François Hollande a été contraint de rompre le contrat de vente de ces navires à la Russie, rappelle Vadim Koziouline, professeur de l’Académie des sciences militaires. 
Au final, les Mistral ont été rachetés par l’Égypte et, dans la foulée, le Caire acheta un lot de 50 Katran russes à Moscou . Les hélicoptères restants ont été affectés à l’Amiral Kouznetsov pour subir un « baptême de feu » en fin d’année. 
L’expert précise que les modèles « terrestres » de Ka-52 se sont avérés efficaces dans la campagne syrienne . Les nouveaux engins devront également démontrer leurs capacités militaires aux futurs acheteurs. 
Les hélicoptères peuvent utiliser les missiles air-air R-73 et Igla-B, les missiles non-guidés « air-sol » et les missiles guidés antichars Hermes. Lire aussi :",0
10919,"On 9/11 Anniversary, Somber Reflections on Lives, and a World, Changed - The New York Times","With the ringing of a bell, the thousands who gathered in Lower Manhattan fell silent on Sunday, and all that could be heard was the water cascading in the reflecting pools where the World Trade Center towers once stood. It was 8:46 a. m. the moment when, 15 years earlier, a plane struck the north tower. Family members of the victims bowed their heads, some crying and embracing, while others stood tall, looking up at the overcast skies. About 8, 000 people crowded the National September 11 Memorial plaza at the World Trade Center for what has become an annual ritual: the reading of the names of the 2, 977 people killed in the terrorist attack of Sept. 11, 2001, and of the six killed in the bombing of the World Trade Center on Feb. 26, 1993. With the 15th anniversary falling on a Sunday, people turned out for the ceremony in much larger numbers than in previous years. But for the family members of the victims, it was another year of grief, and the pain was as raw as ever. “It feels like it’s been 15 seconds,” said Tom Acquaviva, whose son, Paul, died while working in the north tower. He was 29 years old, “too young,” Mr. Acquaviva said. Classical string music played as mothers, fathers, siblings, children and other relatives read the names, one by one. Some paused to say a few words to their loved ones others offered updates on graduations, weddings and other milestones during the past 15 years. The bell tolled five more times: at 9:03, when a plane struck the south tower at 9:37, when a plane hit the Pentagon at 9:59, when the south tower collapsed at 10:03, when a hijacked plane crashed in Shanksville, Pa. after passengers staged a revolt and at 10:28, when the other tower fell. Both presidential candidates, Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton, attended the ceremony, though neither made public remarks and both agreed not to campaign for the day. A spurt of cheers welcomed Mr. Trump just before the ceremony started. An hour and a half into the ceremony, Mrs. Clinton felt overheated and left to rest in her daughter’s Manhattan apartment, according to a statement released by her campaign. Around 11:40 a. m. she emerged from the apartment building on her own, waved to onlookers and said she was “feeling great. ” At the Pentagon, President Obama delivered his last address commemorating the 184 victims there, and while his words were similar to remarks he has given before, they were a clear rebuke to the divisive rhetoric coursing through the presidential campaign. Mr. Obama said that after the attacks, it was important for the country to defend not only its territory, “but also our ideals. ” He said that groups like Al Qaeda and the Islamic State know that they cannot defeat a nation such as the United States, so their attacks are intended to cause fear that leads Americans to turn on one another and “change who we are or how we live. ” “And that’s why it is so important today that we reaffirm our character as a nation  —   a people drawn from every corner of the world, every color, every religion, every background  —   bound by a creed as old as our founding, e pluribus unum,” Mr. Obama said. Mr. Obama has previously expressed his opposition to proposals by Mr. Trump to ban Muslim immigration. Mr. Obama said that those kinds of proposals undermined the foundations of American democracy, which was why on Sunday he translated the Latin phrase that remains on the seal of the United States. “Out of many, we are one,” he said. “For we know that our diversity  —   our patchwork heritage  —   is not a weakness it is still, and always will be, one of our greatest strengths. This is the America that was attacked that September morning. This is the America that we must remain true to. ” In Shanksville, about 1, 000 people attended the annual service at the Flight 93 National Memorial, honoring the 40 passengers and crew members who died there, The Associated Press reported. The site, about 60 miles southeast of Pittsburgh, is where the United Airlines flight crashed as passengers stormed the cockpit. Addressing the victims’ families, Sally Jewell, the secretary of the interior, said, according to The A. P.: “You have known the terrible pain of loss. None of us would want to trade places with you, but we honor your sacrifice. ” About halfway through the ceremony in Manhattan, the sun began to peer through the clouds, beaming on the new 1 World Trade Center. During a moment of silence at 10 a. m. a woman cried as she faced the building, and a firefighter passed her a packet of tissues. The woman, Kristen Alverson, 55, said she was thinking about her close friends Edward James Day, 45, and Richard John Kelly Jr. 50, both firefighters with Ladder Company 11 who served alongside her husband, who survived. “At that moment,” she said, “so many people perished. ” Danielle Kousoulis, 29, a bond broker, was in her office at the investment firm Cantor Fitzgerald in the north tower on Sept. 11. Just before Ms. Kousoulis died, her sister said, she knew that the south tower had fallen and feared that her building would be next. She called her boyfriend twice, but refrained from calling others to let her   use her phone. “Sometimes it feels like it was just yesterday sometimes it feels like it was forever ago,” said her sister, Eleni Kousoulis, 46, of Philadelphia. Her mother, Zoe Kousoulis, 76, wore a   necklace with her daughter’s picture on it. She said the only good that came from the attacks was that Eleni met her husband, who is in the Navy, through a   event. “I always say Danielle sent him to her,” Zoe Kousoulis said. The passage of time was evident by the children who spoke at the ceremony. Many had never known their relatives. Valerie Arnold, 12, did not meet her uncle, Michael Boyle, 37, a firefighter with Engine Company 33. She said she found it hard to wrap her mind around the attacks, not having lived through them herself. But she said she has begun to understand, thanks to stories told by her grandfather, a retired firefighter who came to Lower Manhattan to help that day. “It’s crazy how people would do such a terrible thing,” she said. After all the names were read and the crowds started to disperse, Yvonne Davis Rogers, 52, stayed behind to spend a quiet moment at a reflecting pool, where her brother’s name is engraved. She traced his name, Clinton Davis, onto a long white piece of paper. Mr. Davis, 38, was an officer with the Port Authority Police Department. “Just being here, it makes it better,” Ms. Davis Rogers, who lives in Pennsylvania, said. “This encourages me to keep going. ”",0
10920,"Veterans Back on Patrol, This Time to Protect Marijuana - The New York Times","DENVER  —   It’s nighttime at the Herbal Cure, a south Denver marijuana shop and grow house tucked into a parking lot beside the highway. Inside is a marijuana bounty: thousands of dollars’ worth of cannabis plants, boxes of   chocolate, jars of $   weed with names like Frankenberry, Lemon Skunk and Purple Cheddar. Chris Bowyer, a lanky combat veteran turned cannabis security guard, is outside. He has a .  pistol on his hip and a few extra magazines stored away, and he is talking about his work on the battlefield. Not the one in Iraq  —   the one in Colorado, where criminals seeking to breach marijuana businesses face veterans trying to stop them. “This is my therapy,” Mr. Bowyer said, heading for a place where burglars broke in recently. He checked a fence for signs of a new incursion, then headed to an office to note the night’s activities in a rigorously organized logbook. “This is what we did in the military. ” In Colorado, a curious marriage has formed between the booming retail cannabis industry  —   legal in the state since 2014, but not in the eyes of the federal government  —   and young war veterans, more than 200 of whom have taken jobs protecting marijuana businesses across the state. They spend their days and nights in urban marijuana shops and suburban warehouses and on rural farms, warding off the burglars who have become hallmarks of this     business. For some, a cannabis security job is a way station toward the police department or law school. For others, though, it is a vocation with purpose, a union of two outsider groups leaning on each other in a nation uncertain about how to accept them. “It’s almost a kindred spirit kind of thing,” said Mr. Bowyer, 30, sitting in an office with a computer, a bulletproof vest and a booklet detailing marijuana products marketed under the name Jimi Hendrix. Marijuana growers and sellers “recognize that there is another group of guys who have their own talents,” he said, “and that we are here for them. ” No industry is immune to thievery. But the owners of Colorado’s 978 marijuana shop licenses and 1, 393 marijuana growing licenses are particularly vulnerable. Because the federal government considers marijuana illegal, many banks will not work with cannabis businesses, forcing them to deal in mountains of cash. Perhaps more significant, their product is also lucrative for criminals: A pound of marijuana worth $2, 000 in Colorado can be sold for $4, 000 or $6, 000 across state lines. Stores and grow houses are often soft targets in darkened parts of town. And unlike cash, marijuana is untraceable, easily sold on Craigslist or driven to dealers in Chicago and New York. “The black market is still booming,” said Cmdr. James Henning of the Denver Police Department. Contrary to the popular narrative, marijuana is a burglar’s typical prize. “They don’t get cash,” the commander said. “That’s usually in the big old safe, and they can’t get into that. Usually, it’s plants and finished product. ” The department said it believed that the city’s marijuana businesses had been targeted by organized groups, though it has no evidence that the groups are linked to foreign cartels. Surveillance videos of some burglaries show thieves sawing through the roofs of businesses, tracking law enforcement with police scanners and tying up employees. In one case, in Southern Colorado, a pair of guards spotted four men in tactical gear carrying   rifles through a field. Denver, one of the few jurisdictions compiling data on crimes at marijuana businesses, has 421   houses and shops. It recorded 192 burglaries and thefts at such businesses in 2015. In Aurora, a suburb with 19 operating pot shops, 18 burglaries and robberies have occurred since 2014. But some business owners do not report   because they worry that they will be seen as targets or attract inspectors who will find a violation. Criminals have netted anything from a few   sodas to a   dollars in plants. In June, much worse occurred: Two armed men entered a pot shop in Aurora, called Green Heart, and killed a guard, Travis Mason. The police called it a botched robbery. Mr. Mason, 24, a former Marine and father of three, was believed to be the first cannabis employee to die on the job in Colorado, and the killing alarmed the industry. Some security businesses reported a rush of requests for armed guards. “Thieves in this industry are getting much more brazen, much more aggressive,” said Ryan Tracy, 38, general manager at the Herbal Cure, which now has a guard on duty every night. Into this world stepped Mr. Bowyer, fresh out of the Marine Corps. He joined the military in 2004 at the age of 17 to see the world. He ended up in combat, most notably in Iraq in 2006 and 2007. A bookish Episcopalian, he had considered the priesthood. After experiencing war, he lost his faith. When he left the military, he wandered in search of a tribe. He took a job as a frack hand in North Dakota and at a moving company in Colorado Springs. Unsatisfied, he moved to Denver and mined Craigslist for work. Then he found an ad for a company called the Iron Protection Group. “The way it read, it was written by guys like me,” he said. It was. The Iron Protection Group was formed in 2014 by Hunter Garth, Cory Aguillard and Caleb Patton, Marines who had served in Afghanistan but were disoriented in the civilian world. They wanted to find jobs for former fighters who were now sleeping on one another’s couches, living on ramen noodles and roaming in search of a purpose and a sense of family. Two Army veterans joined them in founding the company. “It started out as brothers helping brothers,” said Mr. Patton, 31. In some ways, it was a natural marriage, formalizing a relationship forged in Vietnam, where marijuana became a balm for soldiers seeking to calm the demons of deployment. Mr. Garth said that about half of his employees smoked marijuana, though he asks them to refrain from doing so eight hours before a shift. “Eight hours jigger to trigger,” he said, is the rule. The pay starts at $12 an hour, or $25, 000 a year based on a   workweek. (The average salary, Mr. Garth said, is more like $38, 000.) But that does not reflect the benefits of camaraderie. At a shooting range tucked into the Rockies, 10 employees of the Iron Protection Group are training. Most wear khakis and   polos. Many have beards and tattoos. They are led by Glenn Weatherly, 34, a former weapons and intelligence sergeant in the Army who served four tours in Iraq. “Range is hot,” he tells his men. “Engage your targets. ” The guards train their eyes on mock criminals made of paper. Bullets fly, and the guards reholster. Behind them, waiting for his turn to shoot, is Curtis Simmons, 30. He spent four years in the Army, including a stint in the Korangal Valley of Afghanistan, a scene of fighting so fierce it was known as the Valley of Death. When Mr. Simmons left the military, he took a job at Whole Foods. “I was definitely an outcast,” he said. “I hate to use the words ‘liberals’ and ‘’ but that’s the world I was brought into, from completely different upbringing. ” He quit after two years. Working in the marijuana industry, he said, makes him feel “like a protector. ” There are liberals and   there, too, but they understand him, he said: He smokes to keep the symptoms of   stress disorder at bay, and he gets recommendations about cannabis strains from his security clients. “They want to know, ‘What’s your issues? ’” he said. Mr. Simmons would like to become a police officer. But you can’t be a policeman if you can’t pass a drug test. “This is as close as I get,” he said. The men take a break. There is cursing and laughing and ribbing, and it sounds like a party. Or, under the scorching Colorado sun  —   with the crackle of   fire coming from a group across the valley  —   a bit like war.",0
10921,Basketball Player Suffers Gruesome Injury when Eyeball is Popped Out During Game - Breitbart,"Basketball players suffer an array of injuries on the hardwood ranging from bumps, bruises, pulled muscles and even broken bones. But one player’s injury was more gruesome than all those combined when his eyeball popped out of its socket during a game. [Playing for the New Zealand Breakers in the Australian NBL,   Akil Mitchell fell to the floor after a player from the opposing team bopped him in the head. That slap presented just enough force to knock Mitchell’s eye right out of his head.  During the ambulance trip to the hospital, Mitchell’s eyeball slipped right back into place leaving the player blinking in shock but otherwise uninjured. “My eye was out of my head  —   it was a little painful,” Mitchell said in an interview the next day, according to CNN. The video is shocking. It shows Mitchell hitting the deck and as he gets to his knees his eye is seen out of its socket. In fact, one of his teammates runs away from the scene clearly distressed by the injury.  Even with the eye out of place, Mitchell reported that he could still see, and it felt as if someone had poked him in the eye. “I don’t know if it was the most painful thing I’ve ever felt,” he said, “but it was just weird. Just a weird sensation, a weird feeling. ” With the eye back in place one he arrived at the hospital, emergency room doctors were skeptical that the whole incident even happened. Mitchell notes that doctors asked for video of the incident to prove that it occurred. “The specialist on call  —   I don’t think he believed me. He was asking to see video,” Mitchell said the next day. “He didn’t see any damage and he was just trying to validate that it had come out of place. Everybody there was like ‘yes, it came out. ’” Doctors say they aren’t sure if there will be any   damage. Mitchell has since said he’s taken a lot of ribbing from his teammates over the   event, including talk of goggles and lots of jokes. Mitchell himself even put a pair of googly eye emojis on his Facebook page to tell fans and friends that he is OK. “The best healing for me is laughing,” Mitchell said. Unfortunately, while he was having his strange injury treated his team went on to lose their game   to the Cairns Taipans. “I’m not happy with the way it ended,” Mitchell insisted. “I really wish they had won, and they’ll be hearing about it for sure. But there was no need to stop for me. ” This isn’t the first time a basketball player had his eye knocked out of his head on the court. Back in 2013 Villanova player Allan Ray had his eye poked out of its socket, when his eye lid pushed behind his eye during a game. Ray returned to the court a week later. Medical professionals say that if a distended eyeball is quickly pushed back into its place,   damage is less likely. But the longer an eye is left out of place the greater possibility of permanent damage. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
10922,Russians No Longer Dispute Olympic Doping Operation - The New York Times,"MOSCOW  —   Russia is for the first time conceding that its officials carried out one of the biggest conspiracies in sports history: a   doping operation that implicated scores of Russian athletes, tainting not just the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi but also the entire Olympic movement. Over several days of interviews here with The New York Times, Russian officials said they no longer disputed a damning set of facts that detailed a doping program with few, if any, historical precedents. “It was an institutional conspiracy,” Anna Antseliovich, the acting director general of Russia’s national antidoping agency, said of years’ worth of cheating schemes, while emphasizing that the government’s top officials were not involved. A lab director tampered with urine samples at the Olympics and provided cocktails of   drugs, corrupting some of the world’s most prestigious competitions. Members of the Federal Security Service, a successor to the K. G. B. broke into sample bottles holding urine. And a deputy sports minister for years ordered   of top athletes’ use of banned substances. Russian sports officials had vehemently denied the doping operation’s existence despite a detailed confession by the nation’s former antidoping lab chief, Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov, in a New York Times article last May that was subsequently confirmed by global antidoping regulators. An investigator appointed by the World   Agency, Richard McLaren, published more extensive evidence this month that prompted the International Olympic Committee to open disciplinary proceedings against dozens of additional Russian athletes. Russia’s drastic shift in tone may be motivated by a desire to reconcile with the regulators, who have stipulated that the nation accept the findings of the recent investigation before the country is recertified to conduct drug testing and be a host again of Olympic competitions. The officials, however, continue to reject the accusation that the doping program was  . They define the Russian state as President Vladimir V. Putin and his closest associates. Ms. Antseliovich, who has not been directly implicated in the investigations, said she was shocked by the revelations. Vitaly Smirnov, 81, a top sports official whose career dates to the Soviet era and who was appointed this year by Mr. Putin to reform the nation’s antidoping system, said he did not want “to speak for the people responsible. ” Mr. Smirnov said he had not met most of the individuals implicated in a report by Mr. McLaren  —   emphasizing that they had been dismissed as a result  —   nor did he know where they were. “From my point of view, as a former minister of sport, president of Olympic committee  —   we made a lot of mistakes,” he said, echoing Mr. Putin’s broad denials of a   system and noting that he would defer to the global governing bodies of each sport to rule on the evidence. Mr. McLaren said Tuesday that he was pleased Russian officials were no longer disputing his findings, suggesting they may have been motivated to stop further investigations into the scope of cheating. “It’s damage control,” Mr. McLaren said. “There are a number of different labels you can put on the facts, and they take a different view of government, but it’s a bit of a vocabulary game. ” The 2014 Olympics in Sochi were a pet project for Mr. Putin, who was closely involved in politicking for and preparing for them. Proud references to the Sochi Games overwhelm the Russian Olympic Committee’s offices along the Moscow River, including a nesting doll standing roughly six feet tall in the building’s lobby signed by Russian Olympians. Many of the athletes whose pictures decorate the Olympic committee’s offices have been implicated in this year’s doping scandal, with scores formally disciplined and more than 650 others now accused. One photo shows Russians kissing medals and another shows Paralympians in wheelchairs holding victory bouquets above their heads. “We have to find those reasons why young sportsmen are taking doping, why they agree to be doped,” Mr. Smirnov said, expressing eagerness to move forward rather than assign responsibility for previous violations. But even as he and other officials signaled their acceptance of the fundamental findings of Mr. McLaren’s investigation, they were largely unconciliatory, suggesting that cheating to benefit Russia had served to offset what they perceived as preferential treatment for Western nations by global sports authorities. “Have you seen the Fancy Bear records?” Mr. Smirnov said, invoking medical records hacked by  a cyberespionage group believed to be associated with G. R. U. the Russian military intelligence agency suspected of hacking computers at the Democratic National Committee. The medical records revealed that hundreds of Western athletes had been given special medical permission to take banned drugs for legitimate therapeutic reasons. “Russia never had the opportunities that were given to other countries,” Mr. Smirnov said. “The general feeling in Russia is that we didn’t have a chance,” he added, acknowledging that anabolic steroids like those taken by Russian athletes have never been deemed medically excusable by regulators. The supposedly   bottles that held Russian athletes’ doping samples in Sochi were manipulated  —   enabling officials to switch out their   urine. Mr. Smirnov and his advisers suggested that the same thing had happened at other Olympics. “It’s lucky that the WADA had Rodchenkov,” said Victor Berezov, a lawyer for Russia’s Olympic Committee. “Maybe in China, London and everywhere  —   maybe the same things could happen. Because the system is broken. ” Now, as Russia’s global track and field athletes remain barred from competition and its   operations decertified, Mr. Smirnov and a team of about two dozen people are focused on overhauling Russia’s antidoping system to satisfy global authorities. The group, selected over the summer, includes Russian politicians, Olympians, business people and even a celebrated pianist. The commission has studied the antidoping systems of countries like France, Germany and Britain, Mr. Smirnov said, conducting seminars for the national governing bodies of various sports and deliberating about how to change cultural mentalities. Beyond reputational concerns, there are economic considerations also motivating the commission’s work. Mikhail Kusnirovich, the owner of Bosco, which outfits the Russian national team and the International Olympic Committee, is a member of Mr. Smirnov’s commission. “We created the idea that it’s cool to be Russian,” Mr. Kusnirovich said, speaking proudly about his company’s designs from his office on Red Square, overlooking the Kremlin and decorated with numerous commemorative Olympic torches, including one from this year signed by the president of the I. O. C. Hundreds of the uniforms for which his company had fitted Russian Olympians and Paralympians were not worn in Rio de Janeiro, site of the summer Olympic Games, because so many athletes were barred from competition. Russian government officials were also denied accreditation for the Games. The doping scandal, Mr. Kusnirovich said, had hurt his company’s bottom line, depressing sales of Russian national team merchandise. Russia’s place as a frequent host of global sports competitions has also been affected. Numerous competitions that were to take place in various parts of the country in early 2017 have been relocated to other nations. But as officials communicated their sense of resigned acceptance, they also expressed disinterest in assigning specific accountability for systematic transgressions. “I don’t believe we have enough time in life to clarify everything, to understand who’s the winner and the loser, who’s right and who’s wrong,” Mr. Kusnirovich said, calling on the authorities not to penalize the nation at a future Olympics for what happened at previous Games. “Even during Stalin’s times there was a saying: ‘The son is not responsible for his father’s sins. ’”",0
10923,"OSITRAN: PCM le baja el dedo a Benavente, por Herbert Mujica Rojas","Señal de Alerta
OSITRAN: PCM le baja el dedo a Benavente por Herbert Mujica Rojas Socios | 4 de noviembre de 2016 4-11-2016
Patricia Benavente Donayre, presidente de OSITRAN, aún, habría solicitado a la PCM autorización para participar en la Séptima Reunión de la Red de Reguladores Económicos de la Organización para la Cooperación y el desarrollo Económico–OCDE, que se llevó a cabo en París, Francia, entre el 2 y 4 del mes en curso. País amado por Benavente, pues en más de una oportunidad lo ha visitado excediéndose, una vez, el período sin que le fuera aplicada sanción alguna.
Le dijeron NO
Esta vez le fue negada la autorización requerida y, además, habría sido informada verbal pero formalmente, que su período vence en febrero 2017.
Viajó Calle
A pesar que OSITRAN se declaró prácticamente en falencia económica, a mediados del ejercicio, pues su plana gerencial calculó equivocadamente el nivel de ingresos para el presente año fiscal, Benavente tomó la decisión de aprobar el viaje de Jean Paul Calle Casusol, su gerente favorito y que ha salido del país al menos en 8 oportunidades durante esta gestión que fenece en febrero próximo. Es decir, en estos 4 años viajó más que en toda su vida anterior.
Consejo directivo de adorno
A pocos días del nombramiento del nuevo director que ayudará a completar el quórum para sesionar legalmente, doña Patricia sacó la resolución sobre la excursión de Calle. Lo curioso es que se hizo un día antes de la sesión del consejo directivo.
¿Cuándo devuelve los S/ 16 mil?
En artículo anterior dimos cuenta de la innecesaria, y posiblemente ilegal, contratación de un estudio de abogados para que analizara y determinara cuándo vencía el mandato de la actual presidente del regulador. Estaba claro, para todos, menos para Benavente, que fenecía en febrero 2017. Entonces, el Estado a través de OSITRAN, pagó S/. 16, 000 por el capricho de doña Patricia, y consiguió opinión a su medida, es decir, “debía” quedarse hasta septiembre 2017.
Sin embargo, el jueves 20 de octubre salió publicada la resolución suprema que nombra como director de OSITRAN a Manuel Dammert Lira y en sus Considerandos puede leerse claramente: “ … dispone que el período del nuevo miembro del Consejo Directivo se computará desde el día siguiente a la fecha de vencimiento del período de designación del miembro anterior”.
¿Cumplirán su función los estamentos del regulador para cobrar esta acreencia de Benavente? Claro que no. Habrá que esperar al nuevo presidente para que ponga orden en OSITRAN.
Tomado de http://senaldealerta.pe/noticias/os...
Herbert Mujica Rojas",0
10924,Wintry Blast in Greece Imperils Refugees in Crowded Camps - The New York Times,"First it was the icy snow. Now comes the freezing rain. An arctic blast that has reached as far south as the Mediterranean is generating perilous conditions for thousands of refugees in overcrowded migrant camps in Greece and prompting the European Union to declare the situation “untenable. ” On Wednesday, a Greek navy ship docked at Lesbos island to take on as many as 500 refugees. They have been struggling to survive the subzero temperatures in the severely overcrowded main camp in Moria, using pup tents that were supposed to be temporary when they were set up last year in warmer weather. Video and photos taken by migrants inside the camp and posted to social media showed flimsy shelters sagging under a blanket of snow, and people waiting in long lines in the falling snow for food and to use bathrooms. In one video, a man identifying himself as a migrant shows people lifting the flaps of   tents near a slushy pathway. “Look at how human beings are living,” said the man, speaking French. Imploring officials of the European Union to look at the situation themselves, he said: “Why can’t people leave here? How is it possible to live in these conditions, my God?” On Tuesday night, the snow turned to freezing rain, forming rivers of muck around the camp and drenching tents and clothing, aid organizations reported. On Samos, another island where the main migrant camp is overflowing, refugees reported freezing conditions with no heat. At refugee camps on the Greek mainland, and especially near the northern border, migrants continued to grapple with living outside under heavy snowfall. “This is unbearable,” said Roland Schoenbauer, a spokesman for the United Nations high commissioner for refugees, who said he was receiving reports from doctors in camps across Greece warning of rising health risks from the cold and humidity. “It shows what happens when you try to squeeze too many people into these camps. You can’t stockpile human beings. ” A year after the European Union sealed its borders to large numbers of newcomers, Greece remains Europe’s holding pen for nearly 60, 000 men, women and children. Many have been living for months in a distressing limbo in sordid refugee camps on the mainland and on Greek islands near Turkey, unable to move to countries where they hoped to seek asylum, and with no means or motivation to return to Syria, Iraq or other countries from which they fled war or economic hardship. Eric Kempson, a British citizen who has been living on Lesbos for over a decade, has been documenting the deteriorating conditions in the Moria refugee camp, posting videos of tents collapsing under the weight of snow and migrants slogging through muddy walkways. “It is now heavy rain and melting snow, which is causing flooding in the camp,” Mr. Kempson wrote to The New York Times, via Facebook, describing the conditions in the camp on Wednesday. “It’s like we begin the vicious circle again and nothing gets better, only worse. ” On Monday, the European Commission issued a statement saying the Greek refugee situation was the responsibility of Greek authorities. “The situation has become untenable,” a spokeswoman, Natasha Bertaud, said in Brussels. The United Nations refugee agency and other aid groups have been working to move migrants from camps into better shelters, including hotels. In some cases, however, they have met resistance: Hotel owners on Samos, for example, were generally refusing to house migrants, Mr. Schoenbauer said. But a bigger problem is the extremely slow processing of asylum applications for those in the Greek camps. While the numbers of people streaming across the Aegean Sea from Turkey have slowed to a trickle after Turkey and the European Union signed a deal to resolve the crisis last March, thousands of migrants have yet to be registered for asylum. That is partly because the European Union has sent just a fraction of the assistance it pledged to Greece last year to help clear the backlog. A separate European Union plan to ease Greece’s burden by relocating tens of thousands of asylum seekers has also failed to take off, with European countries taking only a few thousand of the many stuck in Greece. The bottlenecks have overwhelmed many of the camps, especially on the Greek islands, where migrants arriving after the March deal are supposed to be held until being deported to Turkey. The camp at Moria, for instance, run by the Greek police and nongovernmental organizations and designed for about 3, 000 people, was reinforced with small container shelters that can each house up to 30 people. But hundreds of makeshift tents have been set up outside for months to accommodate an overflow of asylum seekers  —   first under the beating Greek sun, and now under the pelting snow and rain. “The snow is only the tip of the iceberg,” Mr. Schoenbauer said. “The bigger problem is the overcrowding of the islands, and one reason for the overcrowding is the fact that the asylum procedure remains far too slow. ”",0
10925,Surviving Off-grid: 5 Ways to Manage Chimney Creosote,"Carmela Tyrell November 6, 2016 Surviving Off-grid: 5 Ways to Manage Chimney Creosote 
The government is doing everything it can to deter people from burning wood , it still remains popular with home owners that don’t want to use oil or other more expensive fuels. Wood is also very popular with off gridders, preppers, and homesteaders because it can be harvested from natural resources or grown for this purpose. 
Many people that burn wood are plagued by creosote that builds up in chimneys. As dangerous as this problem can become, preventing or reducing creosote buildup is not as hard as it seems to be. 
Here are five ways you can reduce or prevent creosote buildup in your chimneys. 
Do not forget to inspect your chimneys on a regular basis and clean them even if the creosote only looks like it is in the early stages of buildup. 
How Does Creosote Form? 
Have you ever blown on a mirror or piece of glass so that some of the water vapor from your lungs condenses on the glass? If so, then you may also know that condensation occurs because the glass is cooler than the air exiting your mouth. 
In a similar way, when hot gas and smoke enter the chimney, they are hotter than the stove pipe. If the pipe is not hot enough, then creosote will condense out of the smoke and be deposited in the chimney. Video first seen on Corey Binford . 
The Three Degrees of Creosote Buildup 
As with many other situations in life, creosote build up may not be especially dangerous at first. However, if it is left unchecked, or not taken care of soon enough, it can become a very expensive problem. As you review the three degrees of creosote buildup, bear in mind that simply cleaning up the mess is only part of the problem. You will still need to take active steps to prevent or at least slow down further creosote buildup. 
1st Degree 
Just about every chimney will build up layers of soft black material known as soot. If you can easily brush the black layer of material out of the chimney, chances are there is actually very little creosote in it. 
Many people consider this a good sign because it means the fire is burning hot enough to reduce the amount of temperature difference between the smoke and the chimney. While this stage isn’t especially dangerous, you will still need to clean out the chimney on a routine basis in order to keep good air flow. 
2nd Degree 
At this level, you will start to see more creosote in the soot. There will be quite a few shiny black flakes of material that can still be removed if you put some effort into it. If you see this kind of soot, it is very important to increase the air flow in the burning area. 
3rd Degree 
This type of creosote buildup forms layers of a tar like coating on inner surfaces of the chimney. If you think about how cholesterol builds up in arteries, then you have a pretty good picture of what I mean. 
3 rd Degree creosote also contains a good bit of unburned fuel . As a result, when it does catch fire, it can be quite dangerous. The third degree of creosote buildup is caused by cool burning fires with inadequate ventilation, or by a flue that is too large. 
Here are five ways to resolve this type of buildup. You may need a combination of answers in order to reduce the level of creosote buildup as much as possible. 
1. Keep a Robust Airflow 
Have you ever lit a candle, and then put it in a glass cup? If so, then you have also probably seen soot build up on the sides of the glass. 
When a fire burns under any kind of restricted air flow, the soot from the fire will also concentrate and condense into smaller areas. Typically, fireplaces that have glass doors, or are otherwise closed off will have the most problems with airflow. 
Here’s what you can do to remedy this problem: Keep the ash bin and grate area as clean as possible. Open the damper so that more air gets into the fireplace. If you cannot get enough air moving in the fireplace, try using a fan or blower to push more air in through the damper. Make sure that the fan is made of metal or some other non-flammable material. Aside from purchasing a new model, you may also find some old, or vintage blowers at a flea market for a much lower price. Never underestimate the power or durability of these old, but incredibly durable blowers and fans! In some cases, downdrafts from the outside can also cause poor air circulation inside the stove. You can try adding a partial cover to the top of outer pipe. Alternatively, add an insert with an inward curve that will also reduce the amount of downdraft that can get down the chimney. 
2. Keep the Fire Hot 
Even though you may think of a piece of wood as a single object, it is actually made up of all kinds of molecules. This, in turn, means that some molecules will have a higher kindling point than others. 
If the fire is not hot enough, some of the molecules that require a hotter temperature will escape into the chimney and form a layer of creosote if the conditions are right. Later on, if the temperature inside the chimney gets hot enough, these particles will catch fire and burn. 
The hotter the fire is, the better chance there is of these molecules being reduced to heat and ash in the fireplace. In addition, the hotter the fire is, the hotter the chimney will be. When the chimney is hot enough, all the gunk that forms creosote cannot collect. 
Here are some ways to increase the heat output from a wood fire: add a few handfuls of coal to the wood fire. Coal burns at a higher temperature and will also last longer. Without a question, anyone that has used a coal fire on a freezing winter night can tell you just how delightful they are! install heat retaining bricks in the fireplace. This will increase the temperature inside the burn area and help keep the temperature steadier. insulate the chimney pipe with bricks. This is especially important if you are using a metal chimney, as they will always be cooler on the inner surface. The insulation will help, however it will not entirely solve the problem if it is caused by using a metal chimney. 
3. Check the Size of the Flue 
Consider a situation where you want to heat up a cup of coffee over a campfire. Chances are it will only take a few minutes to achieve this goal. Now let’s say you want to heat up a gallon of water over the exact same campfire. 
Heating up a gallon of water will take longer than a cup because there are more atoms to deal with. In a similar way, when the flue is too large, there is simply too much material for the fire to contend with. A wood stove should not have a flue larger than six inches. 
When you reduce the size of the flue, it allows less heat to escape. Some people have noticed a 20% or better increase in heat produced by fireplaces that have an optimally sized flue. Therefore, you will be reducing creosote problems and get more heat at the same time. 
Depending on the construction of the stove and chimney system, you may not be able to simply rip the whole thing out and start over again. Your best option will be to insert a sleeve into the chimney so that it has a smaller internal diameter. Even though these sleeves are usually made of metal, the surrounding brick in the chimney should keep it warm enough to reduce the risk of creosote build up. If you still get too much creosote, focus on increasing the heat produced by the fire and the amount of air flow going up into the chimney. Remember, the more air flow you have going up the chimney, the harder it will be for particles to stay still long enough to attach to inner surfaces. You may also want to let the wood season longer than a few months, and choose some type of wood other than pine. Look for wood that has less resin or sap in it. It is also very important to stay away from pellets or other types of pre-manufactured wood because they may be designed to burn at lower temperatures than what you will need to heat up an over sized chimney. 
4. Make Sure the Wood is Fully Seasoned and Dry 
Have you ever tried to start a fire during or after it rains? If you are camping, chances are you use a number of methods to dry the wood out as much as possible so that it produces more heat than smoke. 
In a similar way, when wood is not fully seasoned and dried out, it will produce more creosote. Fires that produce a lot of smoke also have the following problems: there is less airflow, which reduces the amount of oxygen available to the fire the fire will burn cooler because water impedes combustion smoke is also a sign that more fuel is escaping into the air than you would get from a cleaner burning fire. 
There is no substitute for time when it comes to seasoning wood. You can try keeping logs closer to the fire place for a few days before you actually burn them. Just remember to rotate them often so that the log dries out more evenly. 
Chopping the log into smaller pieces might help too. This will increase surface area, which in turn will speed up water evaporation. You will still need to rotate the wood around to ensure the fastest possible drying. 
When it comes to seasoning wood , many people make the mistake of covering the wood with a waterproof, air tight tarp. The wood will release water vapor, however it will fall right back onto the wood and be absorbed all over again. 
You will be better served by keeping the wood loosely covered and in a warm, sunny spot while it is drying. As with drying the wood out indoors, do not forget to rotate the woodpile every few days so that the pieces dry out as much and as evenly as possible. 
If the weather is especially damp, humid, or rainy, it may be of some help to cut the wood into smaller pieces. No matter how you look at it, increasing surface area always speeds up evaporation. It may seem like a lot of extra work, however it will pay off when you have hotter fires   and fewer problems with creosote. 
5. Do Not Overload the Stove With Wood 
When you have had a long, hard day, it is tempting to load the stove with as much wood as possible so you won’t have to add more through the night. On the other side of the equation, when you put too much wood in the stove, it reduces air flow. 
Aside from this, when fires burn, they also release some water vapor. When there is too much wood in the stove, some of that vapor may just land on the wood and increase its moisture level. No matter how well seasoned the wood is, that increased moisture will cause the fire to burn poorly. 
Here are some ways to resolve this problem: start off by adding just one piece at a time to the fire. If the fire burns well, try adding a second piece. Keep adding more pieces as long as the fire burns cleanly. Do not forget that you may not be able to add as many pieces at one time on rainy days or ones where it is impossible to prevent a downdraft from the chimney. install an automatic wood feeder. Even thought a wood feeder can take up a good bit of space, it may be a better solution than trying to manually feed the stove. Use coal and other materials that might burn longer during times when you won’t be available to feed the stove more wood. 
Wherever you live in (an apartment or a house), chances are the building will have a chimney, and there will also be a stove available for burning wood . Getting started with wood burning is not especially difficult, but avoiding creosote buildup in the chimney can be challenge. 
Be careful about the condition of the fire, the wood, and ventilation issues that may lead to creosote buildup. Once you find a way to reduce the speed of creosote buildup, do not forget to inspect the chimney on a regular basis. 
A clean chimney is not just a safe one, it is a valuable asset that will help you burn wood efficiently and get the most from it. 
  Carmela Tyrell for Survivopedia. 464 total views, 463 views today",0
10926,"EXPOSED: Billionaire Globalist Soros Behind Trump Protests, Provoking US 'Color Revolution'","Share on Facebook Washington, D.C. – Billionaire globalist financier George Soros' MoveOn.org has been revealed to be a driving force behind the organizing of nationwide protests against the election of Donald Trump — exposing the protests to largely be an organized, top-down operation — and not an organic movement of concerned Americans taking to the streets as reported by the mainstream media. Wednesday saw protests in the streets of at least 10 major U.S. cities. Chicago, New York, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Boston, Washington, D.C., Portland, Ore., St. Paul, Minn., Seattle, and several other cities saw protests, according to USA Today. In light of the protests and rioting that have transpired since the election of Trump, a closer analysis of the dynamic at play is warranted to gauge whether it's an organic grassroots movement, or something much more organized, sophisticated and potentially dangerous. Soros' affiliated organization MoveOn.org released the following press release yesterday afternoon: Americans to Come Together in Hundreds Peaceful Gatherings of Solidarity, Resistance, and Resolve Following Election Results. Hundreds of Americans, dozens of organizations to gather peacefully outside the White House and in cities and towns nationwide to take a continued stand against misogyny, racism, Islamophobia, and xenophobia. Tonight, thousands of Americans will come together at hundreds of peaceful gatherings in cities and towns across the nation, including outside the White House, following the results of Tuesday's presidential election. The gatherings – organized by MoveOn.org and allies – will affirm a continued rejection of Donald Trump's bigotry, xenophobia, Islamophobia, and misogyny and demonstrate our resolve to fight together for the America we still believe is possible. Within two hours of the call-to-action, MoveOn members had created more than 200 gatherings nationwide, with the number continuing to grow on Wednesday afternoon. Now come reports from various protest locations that reveal a substantially coordinated effort, and not the organic grassroots showing by concerned Americans, as the mainstream media is reporting. Photos from Austin, Texas reveal a line of busses the “protestors” arrived in, making their appearance seem substantially less than organic – with a direct implication of being strategically orchestrated. Anti-Trump protestors in Austin today are not as organic as they seem. Here are the busses they came in. #fakeprotests #trump2016 #austin pic.twitter.com/VxhP7t6OUI — erictucker (@erictucker) November 10, 2016 With evidence mounting, the question must be asked; is George Soros working through his front organizations to foment an American revolution? @BeshoyBadie @desjax @erictucker Pretty evident that the signs were printed by Soros and Creamer groups. IIRC Soros linked w/ MB & Huma pic.twitter.com/KgXvIQr2b8 — MEGATRON (@MEGATRONs_SMIRK) November 10, 2016 Note that the group is actively organizing protests to a democratic election that no one is contesting the legitimacy of in terms of whether the vote was rigged, etc. Essentially, they are displeased with the results and are calling for people to rise up and not accept the results. For an organization that feigns to promote democracy, their actions speak otherwise. “This is a disaster. We fought our hearts out to avert this reality. But now it's here,” MoveOn.org staff wrote to members on Wednesday. “The new president-elect and many of his most prominent supporters have targeted, demeaned, and threatened millions of us—and millions of our friends, family, and loved ones. Both chambers of Congress remain in Republican hands. We are entering an era of profound and unprecedented challenge, a time of danger for our communities and our country. In this moment, we have to take care of ourselves, our families, and our friends—especially those of us who are on the front lines facing hate, including Latinos, women, immigrants, refugees, Black people, Muslims, LGBT Americans, and so many others. And we need to make it clear that we will continue to stand together.” Perhaps the most absurd part of the protests is that President-elect Trump hasn't made a single policy decision yet — and, in fact, the entire section of his website regarding banning Muslims was scrubbed shortly after his election. This denotes that anything said during the campaign was most likely simple election campaign rhetoric and subsequent framing of said rhetoric by the opposition. The left wing organization is one of a number of progressive organizations affiliated with Soros' Open Society Foundation. Soros-affiliated organizations across the world are deeply connected to various color revolutions, the Arab Spring, and a number of other political uprisings across the globe. According to a report in New Eastern Outlook: The totality of what is revealed in the three hacked documents show that Soros is effectively the puppet-master pulling most of the strings in Kiev. Soros Foundation's Ukraine branch, International Renaissance Foundation (IRF) has been involved in Ukraine since 1989. His IRF doled out more than $100 million to Ukrainian NGOs two years before the fall of the Soviet Union, creating the preconditions for Ukraine's independence from Russia in 1991. Soros also admitted to financing the 2013-2014 Maidan Square protests that brought the current government into power. Soros' foundations were also deeply involved in the 2004 Orange Revolution that brought the corrupt but pro-NATO Viktor Yushchenko into power with his American wife who had been in the US State Department. In 2004 just weeks after Soros' International Renaissance Foundation had succeeded in getting Viktor Yushchenko as President of Ukraine, Michael McFaul wrote an OpEd for the Washington Post. McFaul, a specialist in organizing color revolutions, who later became US Ambassador to Russia, revealed: Did Americans meddle in the internal affairs of Ukraine? Yes. The American agents of influence would prefer different language to describe their activities — democratic assistance, democracy promotion, civil society support, etc. — but their work, however labeled, seeks to influence political change in Ukraine. Anyone familiar with the history of the Soros Open Society Foundations in Eastern Europe and around the world since the late 1980's, will know that his supposedly philanthropic “democracy-building” projects in Poland, Russia, or Ukraine in the 1990's allowed Soros the businessman to literally plunder the former communist countries' wealth, according to the New Eastern Outlook . During the 2016 presidential cycle, Soros committed $25 million dollars to the 2016 campaign of Hillary Clinton. Per the standard Clinton operating procedure, this was indicative of the symbiotic relationship of favors between the billionaire and his array of political puppets across the globe. As a testament to the power wielded by Soros, contained within WikiLeaks' recent release of hacked DNC emails, is a message from billionaire globalist financier George Soros to Hillary Clinton while she was U.S. Secretary of State, that clearly reveals Clinton as a Soros puppet. Found within the WikiLeaks' Hillary Clinton email archive is an email with the subject ‘ Unrest in Albania ,’ in which Soros makes clear to Clinton that “two things need to be done urgently.” He then directs the Secretary of State to “bring the full weight of the international community to bear on Prime Minister Berisha” and “appoint a senior European official as mediator.” Revealing the influence he wields within the corridors of power, Soros then provides Secretary of State Clinton with three names from which to choose. Unsurprisingly, Clinton acquiesced and chose one of the officials recommended by Soros — Miroslav Lajcak. Make no mistake that the events you're seeing transpire nationwide are being orchestrated in part by a billionaire political elite class that is looking to subvert the will of the American people by attempting to foment a new American revolution. Soros' formula has been duplicated in numerous nations, and it looks as if he now has the U.S. in his sights as the next target. Please share this critically import story in hope of waking people up to the globalist agenda at work here in America! Related:",0
10927,"Russia Has Deployed Missile Barred by Treaty, U.S. General Tells Congress - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   A senior American general told Congress on Wednesday that Russia has deployed a prohibited cruise missile, the first public confirmation by the United States that the Kremlin had fielded the weapon in violation of a landmark arms control agreement. The missile is believed to have been moved in December from a test site in southern Russia to an undisclosed operational base. “We believe that the Russians have deployed a   cruise missile that violates the spirit and intent of the Intermediate Nuclear Forces Treaty,” Gen. Paul Selva, the vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told the House Armed Services Committee. “The system itself presents a risk to most of our facilities in Europe,” he added. “And we believe that the Russians have deliberately deployed it in order to pose a threat to NATO and to facilities within the NATO area of responsibility. ” The New York Times reported last month that Russia had deployed a battalion of the prohibited missiles. A typical battalion has four launchers, each of which is equipped with six missiles. While senior Trump administration officials have not said where the new unit is based, there has been speculation in media reports that a missile system with similar characteristics is deployed in central Russia. The Times also noted that a second battalion was staged at a missile test range at Kapustin Yar, in southern Russia near Volgograd. Russia’s foreign ministry criticized the article as an example of “fake news. ” The treaty Russia is accused of violating bans the testing, production and possession of American and Russian   missiles based on land. Commonly called the I. N. F. treaty, it was signed in 1987 by President Ronald Reagan and Mikhail S. Gorbachev, the Soviet leader, and is regarded as one of the cornerstones of arms control. General Selva appeared skeptical during his congressional testimony about the prospects of persuading the Russians to remedy the violation. “I don’t have enough information on their intent to conclude, other than that they do not intend to return to compliance,” he told the lawmakers. General Selva added that the Pentagon was considering steps the United States and its allies could take to pressure the Russians to comply, but had not yet determined what “leverage points” might be effective. “I don’t know what those points are at this point in time,” he said. The Obama administration, starting in 2013, sought to persuade the Russians to correct the violation while the missile was still in the test phase. But the Russians have denied they have violated the treaty and responded with their own allegations, which the Americans have dismissed as specious. American lawmakers say it is very unlikely that the Senate would ratify a new agreement requiring deeper cuts in   nuclear arms unless the dispute over Russian compliance with the I. N. F. treaty is resolved. In a February interview with Reuters, President Trump said he was concerned about the alleged violation and planned to take it up with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia. “To me it’s a big deal,” said Mr. Trump, who added that he would raise the matter with Mr. Putin “if and when we meet. ” If the Russians agreed to eliminate the new cruise missile, verifying that the missile was no longer deployed could require intrusive   inspections. The mobile launcher for the cruise missile is very similar to the mobile launcher used for the Iskander, a     system that is permitted under arms control treaties. Having failed to persuade the Russians to fix the alleged violation, some military experts say the United States could increase the pressure by announcing plans to expand missile defenses in Europe or deploying   or   nuclear missiles. But many say that the United States should seek to avoid a heated debate within the alliance by proposing the deployment of a new generation of     missiles in Europe. The Russian cruise missile is also a concern for the United States’ Asian allies. Since the system is mobile, it could easily be moved across Russia, depending on its potential target.",0
10928,Stocks Point Toward a Geert Wilders Win in Netherlands,"With a week to go before the general election in the Netherlands, the race appears to be a dead heat between the populist, nationalist Party for Freedom led by Geert Wilders and the centrist People’s Party for Freedom led by incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte. [The Netherlands AEX benchmark stock index has been rising sharply this year, outpacing impressive gains seen in broader European indexes. Conventional wisdom has it that these gains are a sign that asset managers assign a very low probability to a victory by Wilders and the Party for Freedom.  Here’s a representative sample from CNBC: “The blase market reaction is because it’s not a core economy like France or Germany, but it does set the table for the rest of the year,” said Jasper Lawler, senior market analyst at London Capital Group. “There’s also a consensus that they won’t be able to form a [coalition]. I think that’s why nobody’s too worried. ” “But even though I don’t see an upset here, I do think markets are underpricing risk here,” he said. This echoes a lot of the commentary about how the market would crash in reaction to a Donald Trump victory. We now know that commentary got it backwards: markets boomed after Trump won in November. Similarly, stocks in the U. K. rallied within days of the Brexit vote that many experts had predicted would bring doom to the British economy. In other words, markets appear to like   nationalism and populism. Instead of underpricing the “risk” of a Wilders victory, markets are more likely pricing in the odds of a Wilders victory as a positive factor. There’s another reason to think Dutch stocks would rise with a Wilders victory. That begins with the observation that Wilders is often described as “the Dutch Trump. ” With 21% of the revenue of the companies in the AEX index derived from the U. S. according to a recent Wall Street Journal report, joining America’s embrace of economic nationalism and populism is likely to lead to improved conditions for the businesses in the index. It’s always dangerous to project future events based on the movements of financial markets. But if there is a message in the Dutch stock market, it is likely that the chances of a Wilders win are stronger than polls and pundits suggest.",0
10929,Anchor Becomes the News as Megyn Kelly Leaves Fox News for NBC - The New York Times,"Megyn Kelly’s new office at NBC News sits a block north of Fox News headquarters in Midtown Manhattan. But it might as well be a world away. In switching networks at a pivotal point in her career, Ms. Kelly, the No.   personality in cable television news, is taking a calculated risk that she can swap her dedicated Fox audience for the broader, but more fickle, viewership of network television. There are challenges from the  . Her splashy arrival has the potential to fray nerves among the big personalities at the network  —   who already compete against one another for interviews and scoops. Ms. Kelly, 46, will also be taking on a daytime talk show format that has been a virtual graveyard for television news personalities in the last 10 years. And the new Sunday newsmagazine show that NBC plans to build around Ms. Kelly will go up against a giant that has not been meaningfully challenged for decades: “60 Minutes” on CBS. Still, Ms. Kelly is a bona fide star with a   book and a breakout role in this year’s presidential campaign, when she clashed with Donald J. Trump. NBC News comes out the winner in one of the most closely watched talent sweepstakes in years, acquiring one of television’s biggest names who could play a role in any number of major network events, like coverage of elections or the Olympics. Interviews on Tuesday with network executives and producers  —   from Fox, NBC and other rival channels  —   suggest that Ms. Kelly’s performance at NBC will be as closely watched in the industry as her past few months of contract negotiations. Ms. Kelly will have to design her daytime talk show from scratch. Even though she made her name as a news anchor, she has argued that she is not obsessed with politics. When she hosted a   special on Fox in May  —   her first major foray outside cable news  —   she expressed a desire to combine the qualities of Oprah Winfrey, Barbara Walters and Charlie Rose. That special  —   which featured interviews with Mr. Trump, the celebrity lawyer Robert Shapiro and the actress Laverne Cox  —   received middling reviews. It was far from a ratings hit: Among adults younger than 50, the demographic most important to broadcasters, Ms. Kelly’s special performed about as well as ABC’s “Beyond the Tank,” a   spinoff. A daily daytime talk show also poses risks.   talent like Jane Pauley, Meredith Vieira, Katie Couric and Anderson Cooper have taken a stab at the genre in the past, and each one failed. In Ms. Pauley’s case, NBC invested millions of dollars, but the show was yanked in 2005 after just one year. NBC said on Tuesday that Ms. Kelly’s show was expected to be closer to a news program than the typical daytime talk show, although it is unclear what exactly that will mean or how much appetite there is for news amid a landscape including shows like “Days of Our Lives,” “The Ellen DeGeneres Show” and “Steve Harvey. ” The audience for daytime television is also significantly more diverse than Fox’s   viewership. Starting a Sunday rival to “60 Minutes,” the   among newsmagazines, is likewise no easy task. “Rock Center,” which Brian Williams hosted, lasted two seasons. NBC’s most recent newsmagazine, “On Assignment,” ran    against “60 Minutes” over five weeks the show averaged about four million viewers, compared with more than nine million for “60 Minutes,” which broadcast two repeats during that time. (This season, “60 Minutes” is averaging more than 14 million viewers.) It is also unclear how NBC will accommodate Ms. Kelly’s show during the National Football League season, when NBC’s popular “Sunday Night Football” package includes a highly rated pregame show that begins at 7 p. m. Eastern. But Andrew Lack, NBC News’s chairman, has long had newsmagazines in his blood. In addition to overseeing a “60 Minutes” competitor on CBS in the 1980s, Mr. Lack presided over NBC in the 1990s when newsmagazines, including the network’s popular “Dateline,” dominated   lineups. Fox, meanwhile, must now set a course without one of its biggest names, as the network continues to recalibrate itself after the ouster of its chairman, Roger Ailes. Ms. Kelly’s exit from Fox News was so abrupt that it was announced on the day that the network had run a   ad in The Wall Street Journal trumpeting the ratings of its   lineup, with Ms. Kelly prominently pictured. Her departure stunned the Fox newsroom, where journalists and executives spent Tuesday afternoon speculating over which anchor might replace Ms. Kelly in the coveted 9 p. m. slot  —   and wondering if Ms. Kelly would even appear that night. When Greta Van Susteren, another veteran anchor, announced her departure in September, network representatives visited her home to tell her not to bother coming in. In the end, Ms. Kelly was granted a chance to bid farewell to Fox News viewers  —   her last show is Friday. It is not clear who will replace her. Fox News has never had an     lineup. Potential replacements being floated inside the network on Tuesday include four women who have regularly filled in for Ms. Kelly: Sandra Smith, a host of Fox’s noon show, “Outnumbered” Trish Regan, a rising star at Fox Business Network Shannon Bream, who covers the Supreme Court and Martha MacCallum, a morning anchor. Kimberly Guilfoyle, a host of “The Five” who is friendly with Mr. Trump’s circle, and Tucker Carlson, who has put up high ratings since taking over Fox News’s 7 p. m. slot, have also been suggested. Sean Hannity, whose viewership at 10 p. m. increased enormously in 2016 and has spiked since Election Day, could be moved up an hour, but his momentum in his time slot may make Fox executives reluctant to make a switch. One winner in the sweepstakes for Ms. Kelly could be CNN, even though it did not succeed in recruiting her. CNN, while still behind Fox News in total viewers by a wide margin, has occasionally beaten Fox among viewers 25 to 54, the demographic that determines advertising rates. In 2016, CNN finished within 58, 000 viewers of Fox in prime time in the demographic  —   cutting Fox’s lead in half. Since the election, Fox has regained a sizable lead, but now, without spending a penny, CNN will now have an opportunity to take another run at Fox’s   advantage.",0
10930,Longtime Clinton Aid: If America Read All of Hillary’s Emails She Could ‘Lose 49 States’,"Home / News / Longtime Clinton Aid: If America Read All of Hillary’s Emails She Could ‘Lose 49 States’ Longtime Clinton Aid: If America Read All of Hillary’s Emails She Could ‘Lose 49 States’ fisher 4 mins ago News Comments Off on Longtime Clinton Aid: If America Read All of Hillary’s Emails She Could ‘Lose 49 States’ Longtime Clinton Aid: If America Read All of Hillary ’s Emails She Could ‘Lose 49 States’ NEW YORK — If Americans were to read all of Hillary Clinton’s emails “she would either win 49 states, or lose 49 states,” wrote Philippe I. Reines, Clinton’s longtime aide who served as her senior advisor while she was Secretary of State. 
In the same email, Reines cryptically wrote about Clinton’s email scandal that “email retention = Benghazi.” 
The March 3, 2015 correspondence was posted by Wikileaks after the email was ostensibly captured in John Podesta’s hacked gmail account. 
The message was a response to a suggestion from Clinton’s communications director, Jennifer Palmieri, that Clinton make a joke about the email fiasco during a charity dinner later that day. This was two months before the State Department publicly released the first batch of Clinton’s emails, messages which had previously been provided to the House Select Committee on Benghazi . 
“Greetings. I wanted to float idea of HRC making a joke about the email situation at the Emily’s List dinner tonight. What do folks think about that?” Palmieri asked, in an email to numerous Clinton confidantes, including Podesta and Reines. 
“Margolis and I discussed,” replied Mandy Grunwald, a communications adviser to Clinton. “We don’t know what’s in the emails, so we are nervous about this. Might get a big laugh tonight and regret it when content of emails is disclosed.” 
That’s when Reines chimed in with his remarks: 
Trust me, most of the email themselves are funnier than any joke we can come up with. Read in total by America she would either win 49 states, or lose 49 states. I go back and forth. 
I’m not hard over either way, but I would not make a joke just for the sake of making a joke, because email retention = Benghazi. 
BUT, if we could get some business done in a light way it’s worth trying: signaling that she is more than fine with them making their way into the public domain. Because past the process stuff, next phase is content. And the assumption is that she did this secretly, hiding, etc. Simply not true. We can’t jam State to release them at this point, but if Dan can think of a light way to say “I am proud of the work we did at State and hopefully at some point everyone will be able to read what’s in them as a way to better understand that work, but until then, I want to talk about…” Doesn’t need to be at the top, could be at some natural point. 
That’s my strong vote since I think her expressing more than a willingness for them to be released into the wild is what’s most important. ",0
10931,Nonduality and the Consciousness of 'Things' - Thich Nhat Hanh,"Nonduality and the Consciousness of 'Things' - Thich Nhat Hanh Share on Facebook Tweet 
Do animals and plants have consciousness? Are electrons alive? Thich Nhat Hanh in dialogue with University of Virginia Astrophysicist Dr. Trinh Xuan Thuan. [watch video below] Caitlin Moran's Posthumous Advice for Her Daughter Caitlin Moran · 19,039 views today · My daughter is about to turn 13 and I’ve been smoking a lot recently, and so – in the wee small hours, when my lungs feel like there’s a small mouse inside them, scratching to...",0
10932,"Helpless to Prevent Cancer? Actually, Quite a Bit Is in Your Control - The New York Times","Americans seem very afraid of cancer, with good reason. Unlike other things that kill us, it often seems to come out of nowhere. But evidence has increasingly accumulated that cancer may be preventable, too. Unfortunately, this has inflamed as much as it has assuaged people’s fears. As a physician, I have encountered many people who believe that heart disease, which is the single biggest cause of death among Americans, is largely controllable. After all, if people ate better, were physically active and stopped smoking, then lots of them would get better. This ignores the fact that people can’t change many risk factors of heart disease like age, race and family genetics. People don’t often seem to feel the same way about cancer. They think it’s out of their control. A study published in Science in January 2015 seemed to support that view. It tried to explain why some tissues lead to cancer more often than others. It found a strong correlation between the number of times a cell divides in the course of a lifetime and the risk of developing cancer. In other words, this study argued that the more times DNA replicates, the more often something can go wrong. Some took this to mean that cancer is much more because of “bad luck” than because of other factors that people could control. Unfortunately, this simple explanation is not really what the study showed. Lung cells, for instance, divide quite rarely, and still account for a significant amount of cancer. Cells in the gastrointestinal tract divide all the time and account for many fewer cancers. Some cancers, like melanoma, were found to be in the group of cancers influenced more by intrinsic factors (or those we can’t control) when we clearly know that extrinsic factors, like sun exposure, are a major cause. Further, this study was focused more on the relative risks of cancer in one type of tissue versus another. What we really care about is how much we can reduce our own risk of cancer by changing our behavior. A more recent study published in Nature argues that there is a lot we can do. Many studies have shown that environmental risk factors and exposures contribute greatly to many cancers. Diet is related to colorectal cancer. Alcohol and tobacco are related to esophageal cancer. HPV is related to cervical cancer, and hepatitis C is related to liver cancer. And you’d have to be living under a rock not to know that smoking causes lung cancer and that too much sun can lead to skin cancer. Using sophisticated modeling techniques, the researchers argued that less than 30 percent of the lifetime risk of getting many common cancers was because of intrinsic risk factors, or the “bad luck. ” The rest were things you can change. Most recently, in JAMA Oncology, researchers sought to quantify how a healthful lifestyle might actually alter the risk of cancer. They identified four domains that are often noted to be related to disease prevention: smoking, drinking, obesity and exercise. They defined people who engaged in healthy levels of all of these activities as a “low risk” group. Then they compared their risk of getting cancer with people who weren’t in this group. They included two groups of people who have been followed and studied a long time, the Nurses’ Health Study and the Health Professionals   Study, as well as national cancer statistics. Of the nearly 90, 000 women and more than 46, 000 men, 16, 531 women and 11, 731 men fell into the   group. For each type of cancer, researchers calculated a   risk, which is the percentage of people who develop cancer who might have avoided it had they adopted   behaviors. About 82 percent of women and 78 percent of men who got lung cancer might have prevented it through healthy behaviors. About 29 percent of women and 20 percent of men might have prevented colon and rectal cancer. About 30 percent of both might have prevented pancreatic cancer. Breast cancer was much less preventable: 4 percent. Over all, though, about 25 percent of cancer in women and 33 percent in men was potentially preventable. Close to half of all cancer deaths might be prevented as well. No study is perfect, and this is no exception. These cohorts are overwhelmingly white and consist of health professionals, who are not necessarily like the population at large. But the checks against the national data showed that if anything, these results might be underestimating how much cancer is preventable by healthy behaviors. This also isn’t a randomized controlled trial, and we can certainly argue that it doesn’t prove causation. A bigger concern to me is that people might interpret these findings as assigning fault to people who get cancer. You don’t want to get into situations where you feel as if people don’t deserve help because they didn’t try hard enough to stay healthy. Much of cancer is still out of people’s control. I was especially worried because, in this study, “low risk” status required all four healthy lifestyles. Failing in any one domain put you in the   category, and that seemed like a lot to ask of people. On further reading, though, I discovered that the requirements weren’t overly burdensome. Not smoking was defined as never having smoked or having quit at least five years ago. That’s clearly good for health. Moderate alcohol consumption was defined as no more than one drink a day on average for women, and no more than two for men. That’s pretty much what I have argued for in writing about this issue in the past it in no way requires abstinence. Adequate weight was defined as a B. M. I. of at least 18. 5 and no more than 27. 5. The cutoff for “overweight” is 25, meaning that you don’t have to be thin you just have to be less than obese (B. M. I. 30). Finally, exercise was defined as 150 minutes a week of   activity or 75 minutes of   activity. That’s a reasonable and quite achievable goal. I was surprised to realize that I’m already “low risk. ” I bet many people reading this are “low risk,” too. As we talk about cancer “moonshots” that will most likely cost billions of dollars and might not achieve results, it’s worth considering that  —   as in many cases  —   prevention is not only the cheapest course, but also the most effective. Simple changes to people’s behaviors have the potential to make sure many cancers never occur. They have a side benefit of preventing health problems in many other areas, too. Investment in these efforts may not be as exciting, but it may yield greater results.",0
10933,"70,000 Evacuated in Greece as WWII Bomb Found","THESSALONIKI (GREECE) (AFP)  —   Greek authorities on Saturday began evacuating some 70, 000 people in the city of Thessaloniki ahead of an operation to defuse a bomb from World War II. [The bomb, containing nearly 250 kilograms (550 pounds) of explosives, was unearthed in the northern city during road works last week and is due to be defused on Sunday.  More than 300 disabled people and bedbound patients were set to be the first evacuated on Saturday using 20 ambulances, authorities from Greece’s second city said. The full evacuation of all residents within a 1.  (1. ) radius of the bomb site, affecting three   neighbourhoods around west of the   is due to be completed before 0800 GMT on Sunday. Evacuation is “obligatory” regional security chief Apostolos Tzitzikostas told reporters Friday. The operation is unprecedented in Greece, “where a bomb of this size has never been found in an area this densely populated,” Tzitzikostas added. Regional authorities said the entire operation would take up to eight hours, but local military spokesman Colonel Nikos Phanios was more cautious. “We don’t know what we’re going to find,” he told AFP. Defusing the bomb and then moving it to a military shooting range “could take us up to two days” he added. It is not yet known which side in the war dropped the bomb or when it fell, Phanios said. A thousand police officers have been mobilised for the operation, with residents given several days’ warning via the media, leaflets and posts on social networks. Thessaloniki residents were facing disruption on the bus and train networks, with facilities set up to host evacuees in need of shelter. People living in a nearby refugee camp will also have to be evacuated, the migration ministry said, without specifying the number affected. At their request, the refugees will use the evacuation as an opportunity to visit the local archaeology museum, the ministry added. Seven decades after the end of World War II, unexploded bombs from the conflict are still being found around the globe. On January 23 dozens of people were evacuated after a bomb was found near a Hong Kong university, while three days before that Britain’s navy disposed of a suspected World War II bomb found close to the parliament in London. In the German city of Augsburg, 54, 000 people had an unwelcome Christmas surprise on December 25 when they had to leave their homes while authorities dealt with a bomb dropped by Britain during the war.",0
10934,"US Officials, FBI See No Link Between Trump and Russia","US Officials, FBI See No Link Between Trump and Russia But The Clinton Campaign Demands FBI Affirm Trump's Russia Ties. Be Sociable, Share! Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks during a campaign rally in Sunrise, Fla. 
With the 2016 election campaign winding down, the Clinton campaign is ratcheting up demands for the FBI to publicly confirm the campaign’s allegations that Republican nominee Donald Trump is secretly in league with Russia. Sen. Harry Reid (D – NV) went so far as to claim the FBI has secret “explosive” evidence of coordination between the Trump campaign and the Russian government that it is withholding. FBI officials familiar with their investigations into the allegations, which the Clinton campaign started publicizing around the Democratic National Convention, say they’ve turned up nothing to connect Trump and Russia , leading FBI Director James Comey to decide against making any statements to that effect. 
The Clinton campaign has been making the allegations so long that they have taken to claiming “everyone knows” that they are true, and appears unsettled by the FBI’s refusal to sign off on the claims simply because they haven’t been able to find real evidence corroborating the story. 
The Trump campaign has repeatedly denied ties to Russia, but that didn’t stop Clinton from calling Trump a “puppet” of Russian President Vladimir Putin during the final presidential debate. The calls have grown since Friday’s FBI report to Congress about further Clinton emails being sought. 
With Clinton’s main campaign scandal growing in the waning weeks of the deal, some in her campaign have suggested that affirming Trump as secretly in league with the Russians would only be fair. Absent any evidence, however, it appears that won’t be happening. 
This article originally appeared on Antiwar.com. Be Sociable, Share!",0
10935,2017 Stock Market Crash? Eric Dubin on Markets and the Election Shocker,"Tweet Home » Headlines » Finance News » 2017 Stock Market Crash? Eric Dubin on Markets and the Election Shocker 
Phil Kennedy sat down with financial and geopolitical analyst Eric Dubin to discuss the Fed’s failure to raise interest rates…again. Eric explains that financial markets have levitated on artificial liquidity and 2017 will be the year market participants give up their blind faith that central bankers can support asset prices, indefinitely . 

TND Podcast Spotlight: Kennedy Financial Podcast #78 
Phil and Eric discuss how the FBI Clinton probe is impacting the US election and financial markets, and scenarios that can develop, following the election. 
Phil and John introduce the show on the eve of game 7 of the World Series and managed to poking fun at millennials, the cost of owning a sports franchise and more before the first pitch. 
# # # # 
Philip and John Kennedy produce the Kennedy Financial podcast. Kennedy Financial is a volunteer-based non-profit dedicated to teaching families personal finance through the principles of free market capitalism and sound money. All services are FREE and confidential. Visit the Kennedy Financial website: Click here . Visit their YouTube channel: Click here . 
Philip is an Accredited Financial Counselor (AFC®) and a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®) candidate. Philip also has over fourteen years of audit, forensic accounting and fraud investigation experience in the public and private sectors. He is a Certified Public Accountant in the state of Maryland and Virginia, and he is a member of the American Institute of CPAs. Philip holds a Masters in Business Administration degree from George Washington University and a certificate as a Certified Fraud Examiner from the ACFE. He is a student of Austrian Economics and a member of the Mises Institute. 
John is a graduate of William & Mary, and he has an extensive background in public, forensic and corporate accounting. As a student of the Austrian School of Economics, Mr. Kennedy possesses a strong desire to help clients manage their personal finances with sound money. John serves KF as Director of Communications and Marketing while the organization continues its steady growth. 
This work is presented on The News Doctors with permission.",0
10936,"CalPERS Reverses Itself on Its Plan to Violate California Constitution, Pave Way for Hiring Underqualified Candidate for Chief Actuary","Yesterday, we put out an alarm in a post titled, CalPERS Plans to Violate California Constitution, Pave Way for Hiring Under-Qualified Candidate, for Critically Important Job of Chief Actuary . 
At 12:20 PM, which is 9:20 AM Sacramento time, I received this e-mail from Brad Pacheco, CalPERS’ head of media relations. I didn’t see it until later in the day because I work nights and then go through my e-mail box in reverse chronological order: 
Yves, 
I saw your post about our Chief Actuary position. I wanted to let you know that we are no longer pursuing the change to the position and the item is being pulled from the Nov. 3 meeting. The intent of the change was to help us cast the net wide in our search. We feel good about the candidate pool that we have so we are forgoing the change. 
Please let me know if you have any questions, Brad 
This is certainly very good news, and thanks to you readers who contacted potentially journalists as we requested. 
For those of you wondering about the timing, meaning as to whether CalPERS had requested the removal of its proposed revisions to the Chief Actuary Specification Classification from the agenda of the November 3 meeting of the State Personnel Board before our post ran, that seems unlikely. 
First, under California law, notices for public meetings, including the agendas and any materials that are part of any deliberative process, are to be published ten days before the session. Admittedly, the State Personnel Board could have released its agenda earlier, but my observation of California agencies is that the usual practice is to stick with the minimum notice period (I’ve upon occasion seen CalPERS be a day late). The item had also been on the agenda of the October 6 State Personnel Board meeting and was pushed back to November. Inside sources tell me that the actuaries at CalPERS met before the original October meeting, upset at the fact that the new specifications might even allow a non-actuary to be appointed as Chief Actuary. So given the degree of upset in the department in question, it would have behooved CalPERS to withdraw the revisions sooner rather than later if that had been the intent before yesterday. 
Second, the interviews for Chief Actuary started in Sacramento at 9:30 AM Pacific time yesterday….a mere ten minutes after Pacheco e-mailed me. Given that CalPERS was using an outside search firm, Heidrick & Struggles, to find candidates, and the search process has a certain degree of formality about it, the idea that CalPERS suddenly found a raft of better candidates and changed its mind this late in the game for that reason seems unlikely. 
Fortunately, CalPERS corrected this mistake rather than expose itself to more media criticism. With the investing environment as difficult as it is, and with public pension funds under even fiercer attack than before, high profile players like CalPERS need to as pure as Caesar’s wife . Hopefully the organization will act accordingly. 0 0 0 0 0 0",0
10937,Chicago Alderman Calls Flyers Urging Blacks to Report Illegal Immigrants to ICE ’Race-Baiting’,"Flyers urging Blacks in Chicago to report Hispanic illegal immigrants to U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) is “” said a Chicago alderman. [The flyer that resembles a “Wanted Poster” says “CALL      TO REPORT ILLEGALS. ” The poster adds, “Help Atty. General Jeff Sessions Help US Black People. ” It says in large bold letters with ice caps on the tops of the letters  —   “ICE EM. ”  The public notice claims that a reward of “$$$$$$$$ 000 Per Illegal Reported $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$” is available. “The flyer offers the outrageous and baseless claims that Latino immigrants are taking jobs away from   Chicagoans,” Chicago Alderman Raymond Lopez told DNA Info. He urged, “Don’t fall for this phony argument. ” The placard states, “Sanctuary city Policies endanger the lively hood of every [A]merican, while violating federal law and destroying the black community. ” The flyer continues: Studies done by the Democratic Black Caucus have found that illegal immigrants create a burden on the black community and economy, majority are paid under the table. 72% of illegals have jobs biggest in construction and factory work, right here in Chicago. Alderman Lopez says he represents Blacks and Hispanics in the 15th Ward and called the flyer “a fraud” and “an effort by some nameless entity to divide us and get people to sell their own neighbors, like Judas Iscariot, for a few pieces of silver. We all know how history remembers Judas. ” The flyers have appeared in Englewood and Roseland and near a West Pullman construction site and on the West Side, DNA Info reported. Fox 32 reported that a spokesperson with ICE said the phone number is a correct tip line but called the flyer “fake. ” “These flyers, stickers, and posters are not issued by or sanctioned by ICE. These fake flyers are similar to the recent rash of false reports involving purported ICE checkpoints and random sweeps these reports are dangerous and irresponsible. ” Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
10938,Retired Bishop Explains Why The Catholic Church Invented Hell [Watch],"Without a doubt, religion is one of the more difficult topics to discuss. After all, the majority of wars that have taken place on this planet stem from religious differences. But when a retired... ",0
10939,Two Adults Killed in Alleged Murder-Suicide at CA Elementary School,"Two adults were killed in an alleged   at North Park Elementary School in San Bernardino Monday morning. [San Bernardino Police Chief Jarrod Burguan tweeted:  Two adults are deceased in a classroom, believed to be a murder suicide. We believe the suspect is down and there’s no further threat.  —   Chief Jarrod Burguan (@SBPDChief) April 10, 2017,  Two others, “possible students,” were injured in the incident and transported to the hospital in unknown condition. According to the USA Today, Burguan said, “We believe this to be a murder suicide. Happened in a class room [sic]. ” NBC News reports that the incident occurred around 10:30 a. m. Pacific Time. UPDATE (4 p. m. PT): The Associated Press is reporting that an    student wounded in the North Park Elementary School   has died. KTLA identifies the student as Jonathan Martinez. The alleged   occurred in a special needs classroom and Martinez was one of 15 students in the room at the time. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
10940,"President Trump Tells Nashville Rally Healthcare Bill Will Be Arbitrated, Negotiated - Breitbart","NASHVILLE, Tennessee —  “We’ve got to get the health care done,” President Donald Trump told  an enthusiastic crowd of 8, 000 Tennesseans at the beginning of his address to a rally in the Nashville Municipal Auditorium on Monday night. [He turned to the theme of health care toward the very end of his speech.  “The House has put forward a plan to repeal and replace Obamacare based on the principles I outlined in my joint address,” the president said. “Let me tell you, we’re going to arbitrate, we’re going to all get together, we’re going to get something done,” he added. The president also blasted the culture of Washington and Democratic recalcitrance. “Remember this —  if we didn’t do it the way we’re doing it   …     we need 60 votes. So we have to get the Democrats involved. They won’t vote, no matter what we do,” he said. “We’re doing it a different way, a complex way, it’s fine. The end result is  —   when you have Phase One, Phase Two, Phase Three, it’s going to be great,” the president added. “And then we get on to tax reduction,” he concluded. While he heaped praise on a number of Tennessee Republican politicians in his speech, another name was noticeable for its absence in his talk: Speaker Paul Ryan. Ryan’s healthcare reform bill, referred to as   by some, has been panned by Democrats and conservatives alike. The president’s remarks in Nashville on Monday did little to suggest he is committed to the specifics of the Ryan proposal. In addition to his use of the term “arbitrate” he used another term to describe how he would approach getting a health care bill through Congress: “negotiate. ” While he firmly stood behind his campaign promise to repeal and replace Obamacare, the president made it clear that the healthcare bill currently on the table may be substantially different from the bill he finally signs. “The bill I will ultimately sign will repeal and replace Obamacare,” the president told the cheering crowd. Trump focused more on the failures of Obamacare than the specifics of the current proposals under consideration. “Remember all of the broken promises? You can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan? Remember the wise guy that essentially said   …     the   architect   …     the American people are stupid?” he asked. “Those in Congress who made these promises have no credibility whatsoever,” he told the cheering crowd. Trump also criticized “the level of hatred and divisiveness with the politicians” in Washington. “If we submitted the Democrats’ plan   …     we wouldn’t get one vote from the Democrats. That’s how much divisiveness and other things there are,” he added. “But we’re going to get it by,” Trump said of a revised health care bill. “I’ve talked to so many victims of Obamacare. At the very core of Obamacare was a fatal flaw. The government forcing people to buy a   product,” he added. Trump said that when health care has been fixed, Americans “will be able to purchase the health insurance plans they want, not the plans forced on them by our government. ”",0
10941,Greens Question Trump’s Victory,"Greens Question Trump’s Victory November 24, 2016 
A sudden flood of cash has enabled the Green Party to demand recounts of votes in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan, three formerly Democratic states that largely decided the 2016 election for Donald Trump, reports Joe Lauria. 
By Joe Lauria 
The Green Party is demanding a recount of votes in three key states that could potentially affect the outcome of the election that saw Donald Trump chosen as president. The party was able to raise $2.5 million needed to at least pay for the recount in Wisconsin in less than 12 hours from the time the Greens’ intentions were reported by the media on Wednesday. 
Jill Stein, leader of the party that received less than 1 percent of the national vote, said in a press release that the Greens wanted the recount “because reported hacks into voter and party databases and individual email accounts are causing many Americans to wonder if our election results are reliable.” Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. (Photos by Gage Skidmore and derivative by Krassotkin, Wikipedia) 
The Green Party wants recounts in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan – the three states that effectively determined the result of the presidential race by slipping from the Democratic column in 2012. The deadline to file for a recount is Friday in Wisconsin, Monday in Pennsylvania and Wednesday in Michigan. 
The cost of the Wisconsin recount is $1.1 million, according to the Green Party press release . The release does not say what the cost for all three recounts is, but the party initially sought $2.5 million. That was widely reported as the total amount needed. But once that goal was reached, the target was jacked up to $4.5 million. 
The party’s home page appeal for money says the entire cost with legal fees could be $6 million to $7 million. This statement also includes a quote from Stein that blames “foreign agents” for hacking into “party databases, private email servers, and voter databases in certain states.” Her quote in the press release removed the words “foreign agents.” 
Slim Margins 
Trump narrowly beat Democratic contender Hillary Clinton in Wisconsin and Pennsylvania and is leading in Michigan, which more than two weeks later is still too close to call. Just a 55,000-vote swing is all that is needed in the three states to flip the election to Clinton. 
On Tuesday it was reported that a group of U.S. professors – computer scientists and elections lawyers – had held a conference call with the Clinton campaign to ask it to file for an audit in the three states. They said that actual results differed from exit polls and that Trump had done considerably better in areas where electronic voting machines were used. Clinton did better where paper ballots were used. Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein. 
Some experts explained that electronic machines were used in rural areas, which were stronger for Trump, while paper ballots were used in urban areas largely backing Clinton. 
The academics lobbying the Clinton campaign have suggested that a foreign government may be behind the hacks. The Obama administration had said before the election that Russia was trying to influence the election through hacking, though no evidence was made public. 
In his final testimony to Congress last week, outgoing Director of National Intelligence James Clapper admitted that there was no proof about who was behind the supposed hacks into email accounts of Democratic leaders which proved embarrassing to the Clinton campaign. 
The Clinton campaign has made no statement about the recount. But many Clinton supporters have backed the effort online. The Trump transition team has made no comment. 
Trump won the Electoral College vote 290 to 232, with Michigan’s 16 electoral votes still outstanding and with 270 votes needed to be elected President. Clinton won the national popular vote by about 2 million votes. 
The Green’s Motive 
Because of Clinton’s popular-vote plurality, there have been calls for electors from states that voted for Trump to change their vote to Clinton, but there is no indication that Trump’s electors are switching sides. Twenty-four states do not legally bind electors to vote with the popular will of their states. The electors will vote in their state capitals on Dec. 19. The Congress will certify the election on Jan. 6. 
The move by the Greens raises many questions. At face value, they say the integrity of the electoral system is the only thing at stake. But the Greens must know that the recount effort could only help Clinton and hurt Trump. 
Is there some collusion between the Democratic Party and the Greens? Are they a Trojan horse for Clinton who can stay above the fray while getting the recount that some of her supporters have called for? 
Have wealthy Clinton donors been behind the flood of cash into the effort in so short a time? Or are the Greens sincere in wanting voting irregularities exposed? One theory is that the recount will expose cheating by both the Republicans and Democrats – and thus reflect badly on the two-party system which has marginalized the Greens and other third parties. 
There’s also the mystery of why one Stein quote mentions “foreign agents” while another doesn’t. In the waning days of the campaign, Clinton and her surrogates attacked Trump by suggesting Russian agents were conspiring to install him in the White House. Why did Stein, at least briefly, pick up that Clinton theme even though DNI Clapper had distanced himself from the accusation? 
Though there’s widespread doubt among election experts that an audit of the results in the three states will swing the election to Clinton, there now is the possibility that the unpredictable 2016 election might still have a few last-minute twists. 
Joe Lauria is a veteran foreign-affairs journalist based at the U.N. since 1990. He has written for the Boston Globe, the London Daily Telegraph, the Johannesburg Star, the Montreal Gazette, the Wall Street Journal and other newspapers. He can be reached atjoelauria@gmail.com and followed on Twitter at @unjoe .",0
10942,"Kanye West: I Would Have Voted for Donald Trump, If I Had Voted ⋆ USA 24","
Rapper Kanye West has come out in support of Republican President-elect Donald Trump, drawing boos and whistles from fans. 
Kanye West has always been something of a provocateur and a nihilist, and is staunchly anti-political correctness. 
Last night he stirred a maybe unprecedented level of controversy, however, declaring at a Saint Pablo Tour show in San Jose: “I would have voted on Trump”. West told the audience at a concert in San Jose, California on Thursday night that he didn’t vote in the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential elections “but if I would have voted, I would have voted for Trump.” 
“This is my platform and I’m going to talk about the paradigm shift that’s happening right now,” he said at the top of a 40-minute political speech that came at the cost of several songs. 
It’s hard to ascertain exactly the point he was trying to make as we only have tweets and videos from attendees, not a transcript, to go off, but it sounds as though he was mostly praising the disruptive nature of Trump’s campaign, which ‘inspired racists to reveal themselves’. “I would’ve voted for Trump”– @kanyewest pic.twitter.com/XtyUteCgUZ 
— albertoreyes (@albertoreyes) November 18, 2016 

“Whether you voted for Hillary or Trump, this is a safe space for both of you,” he told the audience, asking any Trump voters to make themselves known. He also reiterated his desire to run for president in 2020, saying his focus would be on education and that his campaign would use a different political model. 
“Stop focusing on racism,” he added, declaring sombrely: “We are in a racist country – period.” His stance stands in stark contrast to 2005 Kanye, who famously declared that “George Bush doesn’t care about black people” in the wake of the devestating Hurricane Katrina. 
The concert received an understandably mixed response. 
Kanye was apparently happy when one woman screamed that she loved him in spite of his appreciation of Trump’s campaign, but there was also a lot of booing, stunned silence and even a few projectiles – one of which was a Yeezy shoe, which Kanye promptly signed and returned to the thrower. (h/t:independent) Search ",0
10943,Federal judge charges Sheriff Joe with contempt,"Federal judge charges Sheriff Joe with contempt Arpaio seeking 7th term, faces up to 6 months jail Published: 1 min ago 
(ABC15) — The longtime sheriff of metropolitan Phoenix was charged Tuesday with criminal contempt-of-court for ignoring a judge’s order in a racial-profiling case, leaving the 84-year-old lawman in a tough spot two weeks before Election Day as he seeks a seventh term. 
Prosecutors promised two weeks ago that they would charge Sheriff Joe Arpaio, but the misdemeanor count wasn’t officially filed against him until U.S. District Judge Susan Bolton signed it. 
A formal trial date is scheduled for Dec. 6 On Wednesday, a federal judge set a Nov. 3 status conference — five days before the election — in the sheriff’s racial profiling case.",0
10944,FOR SALE: Hillary's State Department,"Home / News / FOR SALE: Hillary’s State Department FOR SALE: Hillary’s State Department fisher 8 mins ago News Comments Off on FOR SALE: Hillary’s State Department FOR SALE: Hillary ‘s State Department 
As new revelations continue to unfold regarding Hillary ’s time as Secretary of State, it has become clear that her State Department was highly influenced by donors to the Clinton Foundation. Before Hillary became Secretary of State, she had to sign an agreement with the Obama administration restricting the ability of the Clinton Foundation to accept foreign donations. In February of this year the Clinton Foundation admitted that the agreement had in fact been broken. 
Now it has been discovered that over half of non-government officials who met with Hillary while she was Secretary of State gave money to the Clinton Foundation. What they received in return is just one of the questions Hillary has refused to answer byavoiding the press for the past eight months. In newly released emails there are details of donors being granted access to ambassadors due to their interest in the region, the Foundation putting pressure on Hillary ’s staff to hire a former employee, and the Clinton Global Initiative leader demanding a top Foundation donor be connected with the State Department. 
This is beyond the appearance of a conflict and Americans have seen through the facade. A majority of voters say they believe Clinton gave special treatment to Foundation donors while she was Secretary of State. As the president of Judicial Watch accurately pointed out, “There was no daylight between the two under Mrs. Clinton, and this was contrary to her promises.” 
After ignoring previous ethics guidelines, the Clintons are now trying to reassure Americans by saying the Foundation will change if Hillary is elected. The last ditch effort to gloss over ethics violations and possibly cover up corruption within Hillary ’s State Department is much too little and far too late. Americans are tired of being lied to by the Clintons. Since the American people have a right to a full view of Hillary ’s record before they head to the polls, the Clinton Foundation should immediately release all of Hillary ’s State Department emails. ",0
10945,Donald Trump Sets Conditions for Defending NATO Allies Against Attack - The New York Times,"CLEVELAND  —   Donald J. Trump, on the eve of accepting the Republican nomination for president, explicitly raised new questions on Wednesday about his commitment to automatically defending NATO allies if they are attacked, saying he would first look at their contributions to the alliance. Asked about Russia’s threatening activities, which have unnerved the small Baltic States that are among the more recent entrants into NATO, Mr. Trump said that if Russia attacked them, he would decide whether to come to their aid only after reviewing if those nations have “fulfilled their obligations to us. ” “If they fulfill their obligations to us,” he added, “the answer is yes. ” Mr. Trump’s statement appeared to be the first time that a major candidate for president had suggested conditioning the United States’ defense of its major allies. It was consistent, however, with his previous threat to withdraw American forces from Europe and Asia if those allies fail to pay more for American protection. Mr. Trump also said he would not pressure Turkey or other authoritarian allies about conducting purges of their political adversaries or cracking down on civil liberties. The United States, he said, has to “fix our own mess” before trying to alter the behavior of other nations. “I don’t think we have a right to lecture,” Mr. Trump said in a   interview in his suite in a downtown hotel here, while keeping an eye on television broadcasts from the Republican National Convention. “Look at what is happening in our country,” he said. “How are we going to lecture when people are shooting policemen in cold blood?” (Read the full transcript.) During a   conversation, Mr. Trump   the   nationalist approach that has marked his improbable candidacy, describing how he would force allies to shoulder defense costs that the United States has borne for decades, cancel longstanding treaties he views as unfavorable, and redefine what it means to be a partner of the United States. He said the rest of the world would learn to adjust to his approach. “I would prefer to be able to continue” existing agreements, he said, but only if allies stopped taking advantage of what he called an era of American largess that was no longer affordable. Giving a preview of his address to the convention on Thursday night, he said that he would press the theme of “America First,” his rallying cry for the past four months, and that he was prepared to scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement with Mexico and Canada if he could not negotiate radically better terms. Within hours of Mr. Trump’s remarks calling into question whether, as president, he would automatically defend NATO allies, European officials who were already nervous about American commitments appeared a little stunned by his comments. “Solidarity among allies is a key value for NATO,” Jens Stoltenberg, NATO’s secretary general and a former prime minister of Norway, said in a statement. He said he did not wish to “interfere” with the American election, but added: “Two world wars have shown that peace in Europe is also important for the security of the United States. ” The United States created the   alliance, and Article 5 of the NATO treaty, signed by President Truman, requires any member to come to the aid of another that NATO declares was attacked. It has been invoked only once: NATO pledged to defend the United States after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. That commitment has long been considered a central element of deterring attacks in Europe, especially against smaller and weaker nations like Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, which joined after the breakup of the Soviet Union. The president of Estonia, Toomas Hendrik Ilves, one of the most   allies in the region, quickly posted on Twitter evidence that his small country was meeting its defense commitments, and noted it had contributed to the mission in Afghanistan. Mr. Trump also said he was pleased that the controversy over similarities between passages in a speech by his wife, Melania, to the convention on Monday night and one that Michelle Obama gave eight years ago appeared to be subsiding. “In retrospect,” he said, it would have been better to explain what had happened  —   that an aide had incorporated the comments  —   a day earlier. When asked what he hoped people would take away from the convention, Mr. Trump said, “The fact that I’m very well liked. ” Mr. Trump conceded that his approach to dealing with the United States’ allies and adversaries was radically different from the traditions of the Republican Party  —   whose candidates, since the end of World War II, have almost all pressed for an internationalist approach in which the United States is the keeper of the peace, the “indispensable nation. ” “This is not 40 years ago,” Mr. Trump said, rejecting comparisons of his approaches to    issues and global affairs to Richard Nixon’s. Reiterating his threat to pull back United States troops deployed around the world, he said, “We are spending a fortune on military in order to lose $800 billion,” citing what he called America’s trade losses. “That doesn’t sound very smart to me. ” Mr. Trump repeatedly defined American global interests almost purely in economic terms. Its roles as a peacekeeper, as a provider of a nuclear deterrent against adversaries like North Korea, as an advocate of human rights and as a guarantor of allies’ borders were each quickly reduced to questions of economic benefit to the United States. No presidential candidate in modern times has ordered American priorities that way, and even here, several speakers have called for a far more interventionist policy, more reminiscent of George W. Bush’s party than of Mr. Trump’s. But Mr. Trump gave no ground, whether the subject was countering North Korea’s missile and nuclear threats or dealing with China in the South China Sea. The forward deployment of American troops abroad, he said, while preferable, was not necessary. “If we decide we have to defend the United States, we can always deploy” from American soil, Mr. Trump said, “and it will be a lot less expensive. ” Many military experts dispute that view, saying the best place to keep missile defenses against North Korea is in Japan and the Korean Peninsula. Maintaining such bases only in the United States can be more expensive because of the financial support provided by Asian nations. Mr. Trump’s discussion of the crisis in Turkey was telling, because it unfolded at a moment in which he could plainly imagine himself in the White House, handling an uprising that could threaten a crucial ally in the Middle East. The United States has a major air base at Incirlik in Turkey, where it carries out attacks on the Islamic State and keeps a force of drones and about 50 nuclear weapons. Mr. Trump had nothing but praise for President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, the country’s increasingly authoritarian but democratically elected leader. “I give great credit to him for being able to turn that around,” Mr. Trump said of the coup attempt on Friday night. “Some people say that it was staged, you know that,” he said. “I don’t think so. ” Asked if Mr. Erdogan was exploiting the coup attempt to purge his political enemies, Mr. Trump did not call for the Turkish leader to observe the rule of law, or Western standards of justice. “When the world sees how bad the United States is and we start talking about civil liberties, I don’t think we are a very good messenger,” he said. The Obama administration has refrained from any concrete measures to pressure Turkey, fearing for the stability of a crucial ally in a volatile region. But Secretary of State John F. Kerry has issued several statements urging Mr. Erdogan to follow the rule of law. Mr. Trump offered no such caution for restraint to Turkey and nations like it. However, his argument about America’s moral authority is not a new one: Russia, China, North Korea and other autocratic nations frequently cite violence and disorder on American streets to justify their own practices, and to make the case that the United States has no standing to criticize them. Mr. Trump said he was convinced that he could persuade Mr. Erdogan to put more effort into fighting the Islamic State. But the Obama administration has run up, daily, against the reality that the Kurds  —   among the most effective forces the United States is supporting against the Islamic State  —   are being attacked by Turkey, which fears they will create a breakaway nation. Asked how he would solve that problem, Mr. Trump paused, then said: “Meetings. ” Ousting President Bashar   of Syria, he said, was a far lower priority than fighting the Islamic State  —   a conclusion the White House has also reached, but has not voiced publicly. “Assad is a bad man,” Mr. Trump said. “He has done horrible things. ” But the Islamic State, he said, poses a far greater threat to the United States. He said he had consulted two former Republican secretaries of state, James A. Baker III and Henry Kissinger, saying he had gained “a lot of knowledge,” but did not describe any new ideas about national security that they had encouraged him to explore. Mr. Trump emphatically underscored his willingness to drop out of Nafta unless Mexico and Canada agreed to negotiate new terms that would discourage American companies from moving manufacturing out of the United States. “I would pull out of Nafta in a split second,” he said. He talked of funding a major military buildup, starting with a modernization of America’s nuclear arsenal. “We have a lot of obsolete weapons,” he said. “We have nuclear that we don’t even know if it works. ” The Obama administration has a major modernization program underway, focused on making the nuclear arsenal more reliable, though it has begun to confront the huge cost of upgrading bombers and submarines. That staggering bill, estimated at $500 billion or more, will land on the desk of the next president. Mr. Trump used the “America First” slogan in an earlier interview with The New York Times, but on Wednesday he insisted he did not mean it in the way that Charles A. Lindbergh and other isolationists used it before World War II. “To me, ‘America First’ is a   modern term,” he said. “I never related it to the past. ” He paused a moment when asked what it meant to him. “We are going to take care of this country first,” he said, “before we worry about everyone else in the world. ”",0
10946,Trump Diversifies Cabinet Picks Nikki Haley and Betsy DeVos - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —     Donald J. Trump moved swiftly on Wednesday to diversify his cabinet and try to heal lingering rifts in the Republican Party, reaching out to Gov. Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina and Betsy DeVos, a prominent Republican   both of whom opposed him during the campaign, as well as Ben Carson, who challenged Mr. Trump for the Republican nomination. Ms. Haley, who was named ambassador to the United Nations, and Ms. DeVos, who was named education secretary, would be the first women in Mr. Trump’s cabinet. Mr. Carson, whose selection as secretary of housing and urban development is expected to be announced on Friday, would be the first  . But none of these choices suggest a   who is reaching beyond reliably conservative precincts to fill his administration. Ms. Haley, 44, an   who is a rising star in Republican politics, pushed for the removal of the Confederate battle flag from the South Carolina State House after the deadly church shooting in Charleston in June 2015. During the Republican primary, she was a frequent and vocal critic of Mr. Trump and supported Senator Marco Rubio of Florida. Ms. DeVos, 58, is one of the nation’s most avid supporters of school choice, a subject she and Mr. Trump discussed last week at his country club in Bedminster, N. J. But Ms. DeVos also sharply criticized him during the campaign and spent much of the year raising money for other Republicans on the ballot. On Wednesday, Mr. Trump rolled out their appointments with unstinting praise. Ms. Haley, he said in a statement, was “a proven deal maker, and we look to be making plenty of deals. ” Ms. DeVos, he said, was a “brilliant and passionate education advocate. ” For Mr. Trump, who was spending a quiet day before Thanksgiving at    his estate in Palm Beach, Fla. the appointments ended a breathless   sprint since his stunning victory. In a videotaped holiday greeting to the American people on Wednesday, he acknowledged the wounds left by a “long and bruising political campaign. ” His aides said he would resume meeting with potential cabinet members on Friday, when they said he would announce Mr. Carson, the retired neurosurgeon with whom Mr. Trump bitterly clashed and lavishly praised during the campaign. Soon afterward, Mr. Trump is expected to name Gen. James N. Mattis as defense secretary. But the search for a secretary of state has become less clear, people involved in the transition said. Aides are divided between Rudolph W. Giuliani, who staunchly backed Mr. Trump’s candidacy but whose business dealings have drawn scrutiny, and Mitt Romney, viewed by many as a safe pick but who harshly criticized Mr. Trump during the campaign. Mr. Giuliani, who has lobbied publicly for the position, confided to associates that he believed the job was his and told Mr. Trump’s top advisers that it was the only post he was interested in, according to the people briefed on the discussions. But Mr. Trump grew concerned both with the attention Mr. Giuliani has been drawing to himself and the reports about potential business conflicts. Some in the  ’s circle voiced concerns about whether Mr. Giuliani would be the subject of a messy confirmation battle. Their attention turned to an unlikely alternative: Mr. Romney. Advisers who favored Mr. Giuliani believed Mr. Trump could send a unifying message by holding a perfunctory meeting with a vocal critic like Mr. Romney. But Mr. Trump liked him and was intrigued by the prospect of a   emissary of the United States around the world. Mr. Giuliani met with Mr. Trump a day later, urging him to make a decision. Mr. Romney has not signaled to Mr. Trump directly that he would accept the job if offered, a person close to the transition said. Mr. Trump has also been warned by several advisers against choosing Mr. Romney because he might pursue his own agenda. The tension has left some on the team looking for a third choice, like Gen. John F. Kelly of the Marines, the former head of the United States Southern Command, which oversees the military prison at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba David H. Petraeus, the retired Army general who was director of the C. I. A. or, a particular long shot, former Senator Jim Webb of Virginia, who could be the lone Democrat in the cabinet after having briefly run for the party’s presidential nomination last year. Choosing Mr. Petraeus, who resigned in 2012 in a scandal over his leaking of classified information, would be somewhat easier after Mr. Trump said he would not pursue a case against Hillary Clinton over her handling of classified emails on a private email server, one person close to the transition said. The debate over secretary of state is a microcosm of the balance Mr. Trump is trying to strike in all of his appointments  —   between loyalists who will appeal to his base and more mainstream Republicans, many of whom stridently opposed his candidacy. In Ms. DeVos, Ms. Haley and Mr. Carson, he is trying to appeal to several of these constituencies, from Midwestern ultraconservatives to the diverse society that Republicans have tried to reach, with mixed results. Mr. Trump’s selections could blunt criticism that his early picks came from a homogeneous bloc of older, white men. If confirmed, Ms. Haley would step down as governor and be replaced by the state’s lieutenant governor, Henry McMaster, who was an early supporter of Mr. Trump. Mr. Carson is a familiar face to Americans after a Republican primary campaign in which he briefly rose to the top of the polls. Neither he nor Ms. Haley is particularly experienced for the posts they have been offered. Mr. Carson had even seemed to take himself out of the running for a cabinet position last week, with his friends putting out word that he had concluded he was not qualified to run a vast federal bureaucracy. Some pointed to Ms. Haley’s experience as a legislator and trade ambassador for South Carolina as credentials for the United Nations post. John D. Negroponte, a former ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush who opposed Mr. Trump’s candidacy, said Ms. Haley was an “intriguing and very good choice. ” “She’s not an ideologue,” he said. “She’ll quickly grasp that there are aspects of the United Nations’ work that can benefit the United States. ” Ms. DeVos, a former finance chairwoman of the Republican National Committee, won the support of Senator Lamar Alexander, the Tennessee Republican who is chairman of the Senate Education Committee. He called her an “excellent choice. ” She favors charter schools, which are publicly funded but typically run independently of local school boards and teachers’ unions, and school vouchers, which give students tax dollars to apply toward   tuition. Lily Eskelsen Garcia, president of the National Education Association, the country’s largest teachers’ union, criticized the nomination, saying that Ms. DeVos’s efforts over the years had “done more to undermine public education than support students. ” “She has lobbied for failed schemes, like vouchers  —   which take away funding and local control from our public schools  —   to fund private schools at taxpayers’ expense,” she said. “These schemes do nothing to help our most vulnerable students while they ignore or exacerbate glaring opportunity gaps. ”",0
10947,Thanksgiving Secret Door II,"  Thanksgiving Secret Door II Thanksgiving Secret Door II Date Thursday - November 24,   
On this festive night, George Noory tried to guess the identity of four surprise guests who were behind the secret door. First through the door was someone speaking in an Irish brogue, whom George correctly guessed was Steve Quayle . Working on a new episode for his True Legends series, he interviewed Zuni elders in the American Southwest who spoke about opening up ""gates"" for giants to come through. He also talked about his contention that after WWII, the Nazis formed a new country/ underground base called Neu-Schwabenland in Antarctica, and operated advanced aerial technology akin to UFOs. 
The next person through the door performed a spot-on imitation of notorious caller J.C. Webster. George was stumped as to his real identity, which turned out to be the host of Cinema Insomnia , Mr. Lobo. He addressed the popularity of binge watching TV shows, and talked about how the movie business has become increasingly fragmented. Mirroring the country's widening divide between the poor and wealthy, films seem to be either low budget independents or bloated expensive epics, he commented. Comedies seem to be making a comeback of late, he added. 
Third through the door, was a strange male voice named ""Estelle"" who spoke with a New York accent and insistently claimed not to be a previous C2C guest, but a New Jersey housewife who paid for $65 for a church parish prize to appear on the show. Producer Tom popped on to share that the guest had actually been on the show before...many times, but George was baffled. Estelle was finally revealed be none-other-than Ian Punnett . Ian then talked about his new true-crime book, which covers the 1936 murder of his family member Verna Garr Taylor, and recently received coverage in People . 
Last through the door was stock market analyst Joe Meyer , whom George correctly identified. In the short term, he foresees the stock market going as high as 20,000 in the Dow. Eventually, there'll be a big correction possibly triggered by a rise in interest rates, or uncertainties with the EU and IMF, he cited. The Dow could drop back to 14,000 or even its year 2000 top-- 11,780, he continued. The American dream is not dead, but has been ""very badly wounded,"" Meyer remarked, but ""hopefully, we're now on a healing path to take care of that."" 
Couldn't catch this episode of the show? Sign up for Coast Insider to listen at your leisure and never miss another program again! Website(s):",0
10948,"U.S., in Reversal, Issues Permit for Keystone Oil Pipeline - The New York Times","HOUSTON  —   During his presidential campaign, Donald J. Trump repeatedly hailed the Keystone XL pipeline as a vital jobs program and one that sharply contrasted his vision for the economy with that of Hillary Clinton. “Today we begin to make things right,” President Trump said Friday morning shortly after the State Department granted the pipeline giant TransCanada a permit for Keystone construction, a reversal of Obama administration policy. The pipeline would link oil producers in Canada and North Dakota with refiners and export terminals on the Gulf Coast. It has long been an object of contention, with environmentalists saying it would contribute to climate change and the project’s proponents  —   Republicans, some labor unions and the oil industry  —   contending that it would help guarantee national energy security for decades to come. When President Barack Obama rejected the project in late 2015, he said it would undermine American leadership in curbing reliance on carbon fuels. The announcement on Friday said the State Department “considered a range of factors, including, but not limited to, foreign policy energy security environmental, cultural and economic impacts and compliance with applicable law and policy. ” The new secretary of state, Rex W. Tillerson, formerly the chief executive of Exxon Mobil, had recused himself from the decision. The announcement said the permit was signed by the under secretary of state for political affairs, Thomas A. Shannon Jr. The pipeline still faces hurdles before it can be built. It needs the approval of the Nebraska Public Service Commission and local landowners who are concerned about their water and land rights. Protests are likely since the project has become an important symbol for the environmental movement, with the Canadian oil sands among the most   oil supplies. Mining the oil sands requires vast amounts of energy for extraction and processing. In addition, interest among many oil companies in the oil sands is waning amid sluggish oil prices. Extraction from the oil sands, situated in the   boreal forest, is expensive. Statoil and Total, two European energy giants, have abandoned their production projects. In recent weeks, Royal Dutch Shell agreed to sell most of its oil sands assets for $8. 5 billion. And Exxon Mobil wrote down 3. 5 billion barrels of reserves, conceding the oil sands were not economically attractive enough to develop for the next few years at least. Nevertheless, Canadian production continues to grow as projects that were conceived when prices were higher begin to operate. And the Keystone effort is central to the future of TransCanada, a major force in the Canadian oil patch. The United States Chamber of Commerce and other business groups applauded the administration’s action. Jack Gerard, the president and chief executive of the American Petroleum Institute, the primary industry lobbying arm, said the decision was “welcome news” and was “critical to creating American jobs, growing the economy and making our nation more energy secure. ’’ Opponents say the pipeline is unnecessary at a time when American oil production is soaring and future demand has been put in question by increasingly efficient cars, electric cars and growing concerns over climate change. “The Keystone pipeline would be a straw running through the heart of America to transport the dirtiest oil in the world to the thirstiest foreign markets,” said Senator Edward J. Markey, a Massachusetts Democrat. Originally planned to open in 2012, the Keystone XL would transport up to 830, 000 barrels a day of Canadian and North Dakota crude to Steele City, Neb. where it would connect with existing pipelines to deliver the sludgy oil to refineries in Texas and Louisiana for processing. Most of the refined product would probably be exported, or it might enable domestic producers to export more oil produced in Texas, Louisiana and Oklahoma. When the project was in the planning stages, the United States was highly dependent on oil from the Middle East. The drilling boom in shale fields in Texas, North Dakota, Oklahoma and Colorado was still in its infancy. But in recent years, domestic production has nearly doubled, and the United States now exports increasing amounts of oil and natural gas. Oil prices have been slashed in half over the last three years, although many analysts predict that petroleum prices will rebound in the next decade, when the pipeline would begin to operate. For Canada, and especially Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, the pipeline represents a mixed blessing. The pipeline would most likely raise the price of Canadian oil, which is now even more depressed than other international grades. Mr. Trudeau publicly supports the pipeline as a tool to give Canada’s economy a lift, but an increase in oil sands production could undercut his commitment to reduce greenhouse gas emissions as promised in the 2015 Paris climate agreement. “We are pleased with the U. S. decision,” said the natural resources minister of Canada, Jim Carr. “Keystone XL will create thousands of good   jobs for Canadians during construction. ’’ Though Mr. Obama ultimately took a different stand, his State Department concluded in an   statement that the pipeline project would not add to carbon pollution because the oil would find its way to market one way or another. Proponents have argued that rail or truck transport is more polluting and dangerous than pipelines. That argument has been weakened somewhat with the fall in oil prices in recent years that has made oil sands production less attractive on oil markets. Protests helped sway the Obama administration to reject the project, and environmentalists have been further emboldened by demonstrations last year in North Dakota, mostly by Native American groups, that have delayed another project, the Dakota Access Pipeline. Environmental groups are already promising to aid local groups in blocking the Keystone pipeline’s construction. “We’ll use every tool in the kit to stop this dangerous tar sands oil pipeline project,” said Rhea Suh, president of the Natural Resources Defense Council. The project would provide for thousands of construction jobs, and it has attracted the support of several labor unions. Mr. Trump has made   a centerpiece of his efforts to spur economic growth. “The fact is that this $8 billion investment in American energy was delayed for so long demonstrates how the American government has failed the American people,” Mr. Trump said on Friday as he met with his National Economic Council at the White House. At the beginning of his term, he instructed the Commerce Department to establish a plan requiring that new pipelines be constructed with   materials like steel. But the White House has since suggested that the Keystone project would not be subjected to those rules because it is not a new project.",0
10949,"University of Chicago: Why Milo Scares Students, and Faculty Even More - Breitbart","An article published by the University of Chicago’s Divinity School, entitled “Why Milo Scares Students, and Faculty Even More,” explains exactly why Breitbart Senior Editor MILO causes panic on college campuses across the country. [Rachel Fulton Brown, an Associate Professor of Medieval History at the University of Chicago, writes about why MILO is feared on college campuses in the article published by the University of Chicago:  The issues that Milo talks about are usually considered political, but in fact have to do with people’s deepest convictions: the proper relations between women and men, the definition of community, the role of beauty, access to truth. Milo professes himself a Catholic and wears a pair of gold crosses around his neck. He speaks about the importance of Christianity for the values of Western civilization. As he put it in one interview: “[Western civilization] has created a religion in which love and   and giving are the highest possible virtues  …     That’s a good thing  …     But when you remove discipline and sacrifice from religion you get a cult. ” None of these issues, most especially the civilizational roots of culture and virtue in religious faith, are typically addressed in modern college education in America. Rather, they are, for the most part, purposefully avoided. Judging from my own experience of over 30 years in the academy, it is considered a terrible breach of etiquette, horribly rude even, to mention your religious faith if you are a Christian, never mind suggest that it in any way affects your work as a scholar. This relic of the   of the late 19th century is now so deeply embedded in American academic culture that most people are not even conscious of it. The real problem, however, is that while discussion of Christian theology may no longer be at the center of university education, religion still is —  we just don’t call it that anymore. Not to address these issues openly does not allow students to keep an open mind. Their minds are already open —  and being filled with what they are given in place of religion: multiculturalism race, class, gender the purportedly secular ideals of socialism and Marxism. Particularly for those students, and faculty, who have little to no religious education outside of school, these ideals have become their faith. This is why students and faculty find Milo so threatening. He not only challenges them to examine beliefs they have never been taught to question. Thanks to his near charismatic appeal as a speaker, at least for those who attend his talks rather than stand outside protesting, he holds out the possibility of conversion, of changing hearts and minds. You can read the piece in its entirety here. Professor Rachel Fulton Brown previously wrote “An Establishment Conservative’s Guide to MILO,” for Breitbart News.",0
10950,Migrants FLOOD Into U.S. From Mexico Right Before Election,"With 12 days to go until the election, all eyes are on who the next president will be. 
And there’s no “lamer” duck than a president whose just days away from being replaced. 
Perhaps that’s the perfect opportunity for what’s really happening while nobody’s looking: 
A massive spike illegal immigrants streaming through the southern border – mainly in the border town of McAllen, Texas. They’re coming on a daily basis and being trucked to a migrant center at a Catholic Church. 
They’re fitted with ankle monitors and told to sit. Sit and wait while they file for asylum. 
Apparently, the illegals are being told that Hillary Clinton will win the election and that when she does, she will grant amnesty to illegals who are already here by the time she’s elected. So they’re flooding in for that reason. 
On the other hand, some illegals are being told that Donald Trump will win, build a massive border wall and once it’s up, nobody will ever get in again. So they’re flooding in for that reason as well. 
Some days, CBS Local reports , the McAllen stretch of the border sees 1,000 illegal crossers per day. 
“We’re getting mass spikes of people crossing and turning themselves in,” he said. 
Experts told CBS News the number of immigrants crossing the border won’t drop after Election Day. 
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has repeatedly said as president the U.S. will build a wall along the Mexico border to keep out immigrants trying to enter the country illegally. 
Earlier this month, Trump claimed the U.S. government is speeding up the citizenship process for immigrants on the waiting list so they can vote. 
“They’re letting people pour into the country so they can go and vote,” Trump said during a meeting with the National Border Patrol Council. 
Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has promised to propose immigration legislation in her first 100 days as president that would include a route to citizenship. Her approach is largely in line with that approved by Democrats and Republicans in the Senate in 2013 but turned aside by the House. 
Trump has said that he opposes any pathway to legal status for immigrants in the U.S. illegally. They would have to return to their home countries and apply for legal entry should they wish to come back. 
He has not said what would happen to those who choose to stay, but said they are subject to deportation. Trump has also called for an end to “birthright citizenship,” currently granted to anyone born in the U.S. as per the 14 th Amendment.",0
10951,Twitter Temporarily Censored Drudge Report Tweets Behind ’Sensitive Content’ Filter - Breitbart,"Earlier today, users on Twitter reported that tweets from the official account of the Drudge Report were being hidden from users behind a “sensitive content” filter. [A screenshot published on the British news site Westmonster revealed the filtering of the Drudge Report, one of the largest and   conservative sites on the web.   The only way to unblock tweets marked as “sensitive” by Twitter is to   by checking a box in your account’s “safety” settings. By making the system   rather than   Twitter provides a censored, filtered service to its users by default.  Reports of the Drudge Report’s account being put behind the filter were confirmed by a Breitbart reporter and by ZeroHedge, which reported that “hardly any tweets were visible” from the Report’s account when they logged in to Twitter earlier today. The censorship was lifted later in the day, and tweets from the Drudge Report are now visible, even when users   to Twitter’s “sensitive content” filtering. However, Twitter has not explained why the Drudge Report was placed behind the filter in the first place, and has not responded to a request for comment from Breitbart News at this time. Twitter started experimenting with labelling entire user accounts as “sensitive” earlier this month. Recently, we reported that the social media company is using IBM’s “Watson” supercomputer to identify “abusive” accounts on Twitter. Twitter’s bias against conservatives is  . The company frequently bans or locks the accounts of conservative users who have not broken its terms of service, while allowing threats of violence against the President and First Lady to run rampant on the platform. You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter, add him on Facebook, and download Milo Alert! for Android to be kept up to date on his latest articles.",0
10952,"Trophy Hunting Fees Do Little to Help Threatened Species, Report Says - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Advocates of trophy hunting, and even the United States government, have long justified the killing of protected wildlife in Africa by saying that taxes and fees from the hunts help pay for larger conservation efforts. But a new report by the Democratic staff of the House Natural Resources Committee challenges those claims, finding little evidence that the money is being used to help threatened species, mostly because of rampant corruption in some countries and poorly managed wildlife programs. It concludes that trophy hunting may be contributing to the extinction of certain animals. It has been almost a year since an American hunter killed a beloved lion named Cecil in Zimbabwe, setting off an international debate over sport hunting and widespread anger on the internet. Since then, the Obama administration has placed lions in Africa under the protection of the Endangered Species Act, France has banned the import of lion trophies, and more than 40 airlines have said they will no longer transport hunting trophies. The   House report, called “Missing the Mark,” says that while poaching remains the gravest threat to animals like lions, rhinoceroses and leopards, “trophy hunting also removes a significant number of animals from these rapidly declining populations. ” “As the tragic death of Cecil the lion showed us,” the report says, “trophy hunters do not always play by the rules, and the trophy hunting industry needs to be regulated and held accountable for there to be any hope of a consistent conservation benefit. ” In theory, elaborate   hunts  —   which can cost tens of thousands of dollars, including trophy fees, professional guide payments, transportation and lodging  —   could help poor countries maintain robust conservation programs and give aid to residents. In the past, the money has been used to repair degraded environments, and the revenue from trophy hunting has been seen as deterring local residents from killing animals because they consider them a nuisance or a danger. However, the report says, “In assessing the flow of trophy hunting revenue to conservation efforts, we found many troubling examples of funds’ either being diverted from their purpose or not being dedicated to conservation in the first place. ” The Endangered Species Act says hunted trophies can be brought to the United States only if they do not contribute to the extinction of a species. That standard is not always met, the report says, and it recommends that the Fish and Wildlife Service improve its permitting process so that only trophies that actually enhance the survival of species are allowed into the country. The service has the authority to require an import permit for any species listed as threatened or endangered. In 2014, the agency suspended imports of elephant trophies from Tanzania and Zimbabwe because of “catastrophic population declines. ” But, according to the study, it has been reluctant to use its authority to restrict other trophy imports that do not meet the standards on protecting species. The agency has also used special rules to exempt from permitting requirements many imports of animals listed under the Endangered Species Act, the report says. For the species covered in the House report, the Fish and Wildlife Service required only one import permit from 2010 to 2014, though more than 2, 700 trophies eligible for permitting were imported during that time. For the 1, 469 leopard trophies that could have required an import permit, the agency required none. Because Americans bring home more trophies of protected species than hunters from any other country, some conservationists believe that the United States government has the responsibility and the leverage to force a change. The urgency for such change, however, can be largely credited to Cecil the lion. “Before Cecil, there was a certain complacency surrounding what to do about the lion, almost an indifference,” said Craig Packer, a lion expert who ran the Serengeti Lion Project in Tanzania for 35 years and has been critical of hunting practices in that country. “After Cecil, it became clear that the public was much more skeptical of sport hunting,” he said. “It shows the power of public opinion. ”",0
10953,Stabbing Injures Seven People in Newark Home · Guardian Liberty Voice,"According to ABC Eye Witness News, on Saturday, Nov. 5, 2016, in Newark, New Jersey, seven people were stabbed. The stabbing occurred shortly before 4:00 p.m. ET.
It has been reported some the victims have life-threatening injuries. So far the police have reported there is no clear motive for the stabbing, and there are no suspects in custody.
Updates on this story will be provided as they come available.
Another Stabbing Earlier This Year According to ABC Eye Witness News, on July 29, 2016, there was another stabbing. This victim was in critical condition was stabbed by her husband. Which lead to a standoff.
The 59-year-old victim was stabbed multiple times by the 64-year-old suspect. At the time of the stabbing, their nine-year-old grandson was in the home. He was not injured, and he was able to get help.
Neighbors came in and pulled the woman onto the grass until paramedics arrived. The suspect sat behind the front door of the home talking to police since about 11:20 a.m., and the standoff ended at about 3:40 p.m. with the man taken into custody.
During the standoff, the suspect threatened to commit suicide. Residents of the area were told to stay in their homes while officials negotiated with the suspect.
By Brady Combs
Edited by Cathy Milne
Sources:
ABC EyeWitness News: 7 People Stabbed inside Newark home; police searching for suspect
ABC EyeWitness News: Woman Stabbed by her husband in a Newark Home, police say
Image courtesy of ER24 EMS’s Flickr Page – Creative Commons License    stabbing",0
10954,Fukushima – The Untouchable Eco-Apocalypse No One is Talking About,"Waking Times – by Alex Pietrowski 
The most important ecological crisis of the world has ever seen has been underway since March 11th, 2011, yet there is nary a mention of it in the corporate media, and no political body in the world is championing its resolution. Widespread Denial and Willful Ignorance 
The effects on nature are already being seen, yet even among the environmentalist factions of media, there is strong denial of the damage already done and of what is to come as the crisis approaches its sixth year. Some 300 tons of radioactive water are dumped into the Pacific Ocean each day , and signs are showing that this catastrophe is gravely affecting sea-life and wildlife in and around the Pacific . 
The FDA maintains that there is no evidence of contamination by Fukushima borne radionuclides in the American food supply, yet this opinion is contested by some independent researchers. A report by the Fairewinds Energy Education says that cancer is on the rise in areas around the failed power plant, and that millions will die in coming years as a result. “[T]he second report received from Japan proves that the incidence of thyroid cancer is approximately 230 times higher than normal in Fukushima Prefecture… So what’s the bottom line? The cancers already occurring in Japan are just the tip of the iceberg. I’m sorry to say that the worst is yet to come.” [ Source ] 
As election year in the U.S. approaches its dramatic climax, it has been striking to observe that neither of the major two-party candidates, or third-party candidates for that matter, have mentioned this crisis at all during the entire election run up. It is a non-issue in American politics, and if you’re listening, the silence is deafening. The 40-Year-Plan 
Thus far, all plans to stop radioactive contamination of the Pacific Ocean and the Japanese Islands have failed, the most impressive of which is the construction of a $320 million underground wall of frozen dirt to block the seepage of groundwater into surrounding areas. 1oo feet deep and over a mile long, the ‘ land-side impermeable wall ‘ is already failing as rainfall from recent typhoons has caused partial melting of sections of the ‘ice wall.’ Workers examine pipes for the wall of frozen soil at the embattled Fukushima No. 1 nuclear power plant. Image Credit: http://www.asahi.com/ 
A previous and ongoing cleanup effort requires the on site storage of contaminated water near the Fukushima Daiichi is merely a band-aid as radioactive water continues to accumulate by the day , with no long term plan for proper disposal. 
“…the filtered water is still full of tritium , a radioactive version of hydrogen. (When two neutrons are added to the element, it becomes unstable, prone to emitting electrons.) Tritium bonds with oxygen just like normal hydrogen does, to produce radioactive “tritiated water.” It’s impractical—or at least extremely difficult and expensive—to separate tritiated water from normal water.” [ Source ] Storage tanks at the Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear plant. 
The reality here is that this crisis is untouchable in its scope and unparalleled in its lethality, and TEPCO’s 40-year-plan to decommission the plant will be a failure. Final Thoughts 
No one of significant import is talking about this crisis or working to elevate it as a national and international priority. The American political scene is focused instead on the selection of the next president being chosen between two candidates who clearly have zero interest in addressing this dire issue. 
Is this because nothing can be done about it? Is this because the energy industry is controlling the conversation and covering up the truth ? Or is this because the agenda for the U.S. at present is geared to destabilization and a push for expansion of the Orwellian Permanent War , and ecological disasters are supportive of the global depopulation scheme in play? 
In any case, the Fukushima meltdown is a slow-burning apocalyptic event that desperately needs our attention. 
For more background, please view the following video summary: 
Read more articles from Alex Pietrowski . About the Author 
Alex Pietrowski is an artist and writer concerned with preserving good health and the basic freedom to enjoy a healthy lifestyle. He is a staff writer for WakingTimes.com and Offgrid Outpost , a provider of storable food and emergency kits . Alex is an avid student of Yoga and life. 
This article ( Fukushima – The Untouchable Eco-Apocalypse No One is Talking About ) was originally created and published by Waking Times and is published here under a Creative Commons license with attribution to AlexPietrowski and WakingTimes.com . It may be re-posted freely with proper attribution, author bio, and this copyright statement.",0
10955,Philadelphia Orchestra Ends Its Brief Strike - The New York Times,"The Philadelphia sound will sound again. The Philadelphia Orchestra ended a brief strike on Sunday, two days after its musicians sent a shock wave through the classical music world by walking off the job just before a   gala. The players went on strike Friday to protest a contract offer that they said did not do enough to restore the pay and benefits lost amid the orchestra’s bankruptcy, which ended a little over four years ago. But after returning to the bargaining table with a mediator on Saturday, the musicians and management agreed early on Sunday to a   contract that included a 2 percent raise in the first year and raises of 2½ percent in the second and third years. The contract will bring the players’ base pay to $137, 800 by the final year, the orchestra said, though many players make more. As part of the contract deal, the orchestra said, the musicians agreed to play more Sunday concerts and to give management more flexibility to stage   concerts. The musicians, who had planned to picket on Sunday, instead met to ratify the deal. “There is some grave disappointment that the offer does not get us to where we need to be,” John Koen, a cellist who is chairman of the musicians’ negotiating committee, said. At the same time, he said, the final deal was an improvement over management’s original offer, and the players were eager to return to work. “We wanted to avoid harming the institution. ” Crucial committees of the orchestra’s board of directors voted unanimously to recommend the contract to the full board, which is expected to vote on it Tuesday. Allison Vulgamore, the orchestra’s chief executive, said in a statement, “We now have a tentative agreement that will immediately restore our music to our audiences and provide our outstanding musicians with a compensation plan that both increases their base salaries and provides additional financial reward as we continue to build resources for a vibrant and exciting future. ” The agreement would also increase the orchestra’s size. Though the Philadelphia Orchestra historically had 105 musicians, it imposed a hiring freeze during the bankruptcy that initially held that number at 95, and then 96. The new contract calls for hiring a 97th player in the third year. The orchestra’s season will resume on Thursday in Philadelphia, when Simon Rattle will conduct Mahler’s Symphony No. 6 in a program that the orchestra, known for its plush sound, will repeat on Oct. 10 at Carnegie Hall. The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra, which also walked out Friday, remained on strike Sunday.",0
10956,"Ted Cruz, Facing Hard G.O.P. Path, Seeks a Good Argument - The New York Times","Donald J. Trump says the abstruse Republican delegate system distorts the will of the people. Senator Ted Cruz says the party’s nominating rules have been in place from the beginning. Mr. Cruz is right, and he may be losing the public argument anyway. With polls showing a strong preference for nominating the candidate with the most popular votes  —   even if he fails to secure a majority of delegates before the convention in July  —   Mr. Cruz has brushed up this week against an uncomfortable reality: His only road to victory is a messy one. As he slogs through a merciless stretch of the primary calendar, straining to pick off delegates from Northeastern voters who seem disinclined to embrace his   conservatism, Mr. Cruz, of Texas, has appeared increasingly frustrated amid questions about his path. He has lashed out at Sean Hannity of Fox News, a onetime friend in conservative news media whom Cruz allies have accused of cozying up to Mr. Trump. “I cannot help that the Donald Trump campaign does not seem capable of running a lemonade stand,” Mr. Cruz said in a radio interview Tuesday, after telling an angered Mr. Hannity that his questions about the delegate system were a concern only to “  Donald Trump supporters. ” Mr. Cruz has struggled to formulate a concise argument rebutting Mr. Trump’s claim that the top   deserves the nomination, alternately citing the number of former Republican presidential hopefuls now supporting him, general election polls and Mr. Trump’s “hard ceiling” of support. On Wednesday, Mr. Cruz told reporters at the Republican National Committee’s spring meeting in Florida that only Mr. Trump’s loyalists believed that the candidate with the most votes should be awarded the nomination. When it was pointed out that a majority of Republican voters seemed to agree  —   62 percent, according to an NBC   Street Journal poll last week  —   Mr. Cruz largely ignored that fact. “We want to win, Republicans want to win,” he said, before turning to a new talking point: Even Abraham Lincoln, the greatest Republican of them all, lagged in delegates at the outset of the party’s 1860 convention. Mr. Cruz and his aides have also chafed recently at what they view as insufficient news media attention to his success in state delegate elections  —   feats of organizational strength that have heightened his chances of beating Mr. Trump at a contested convention. (If no candidate wins 1, 237 delegates on the first convention ballot, which largely reflects the primary and caucus votes, many delegates will be unbound and able to switch on subsequent ballots.) At a rally in Maryland on Thursday, Mr. Cruz knocked the “breathless coverage” of Mr. Trump’s blowout victory in New York. “Goodness gracious!” he said, impersonating television networks. “Donald Trump won his home state!” For the most part, the Cruz campaign has dismissed concerns about the public’s perception of the nominating process, with aides questioning whether the wording of the NBC   Street Journal survey truly captured voter sentiment. Bob Vander Plaats, an Iowa religious leader and a national chairman for Mr. Cruz, said Mr. Trump’s complaints had heightened doubts about his managerial acumen. “They’re just completely irrelevant. They’re a waste of time and money,” Mr. Vander Plaats said of the polls. “It is not being stolen. Every state has their own rules. If anything, I think it’s an admission on Trump’s part that he went into a presidential campaign without understanding the rules. ” Stuart Stevens, the chief strategist for Mitt Romney in 2012, said that many aspects of the primary process  —   holding the first contests in Iowa and New Hampshire, for instance  —   would appear widely unpopular if posed to voters in a poll. “None of this tests well,” he said. “It’s like a bowling league. Do the rules of bowling make sense?” But other Republicans, even those disinclined to support Mr. Trump initially, have worried about the appearance of denying Mr. Trump the nomination on technical grounds. Anthony Scaramucci, a member of Mr. Romney’s New York finance team in 2012, said his party remained in denial about its voters’ preferences. “There’s the spirit of something, and then there’s the letter of something,” he said. “I was a Scott Walker supporter. And then I was a Jeb Bush supporter. So I feel like I have some level of credibility. Donald Trump may not have been my first choice, but if he is in fact the people’s choice, I think my establishment friends are making a very big mistake by not acknowledging that. ” Mr. Cruz, who had argued for months that he could win a majority of delegates before the summer, has bowed to the math this week, acknowledging that a convention is his only option as he seeks to keep Mr. Trump from clinching the nomination. Mr. Cruz has targeted Maryland and Pennsylvania, two of the five states that vote on Tuesday, as potential sources of delegates, and is holding rallies in both states. But his campaign views two other contests as more critical: Indiana, which votes on May 3, and California  —   “the big enchilada,” Mr. Cruz said  —   which votes on June 7, the last day of primaries. In a sign of Indiana’s importance, Mr. Cruz campaigned there Thursday, ordering a pastrami sandwich at an Indianapolis deli and quoting the movie “Hoosiers” at a state party dinner. He also met with Gov. Mike Pence. The senator has warned reporters against underestimating him. “At every stage in this primary, folks in the press have reported that we couldn’t win,” he said in Florida, “and then we won over and over and over again. ”",0
10957,Public Faith in Elections Falls as the State Grows,"Ryan McMaken https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/public-faith-elections-falls-state-grows/ 
The more powerful the state becomes, the higher the stakes are in each election. Thus, people become more fearful and suspicious of election outcomes. 4:38 pm on October 31, 2016",0
10958,Harvard Research: Minimum Wage Hikes Put Non-Elite Restaurants Out of Business - Breitbart,"A recent study conducted by researchers at Harvard Business School concluded that minimum wage laws increase the likelihood that   restaurants will go out of business. [The study, which was conducted by the    team of Dara Lee Luca and Michael Luca, looked at data on “tens of thousands of restaurants in the San Francisco area. ” They concluded that   restaurants are disproportionately more likely than four or   restaurants to go out of business as a result of minimum wage laws.  The evidence suggests that higher minimum wages increase overall exit rates for restaurants. However, lower quality restaurants, which are already closer to the margin of exit, are disproportionately impacted by increases to the minimum wage. Their data on the San   restaurants studied concluded that a $1 increase in the minimum wage increased the likelihood of a restaurant going out of business by four to 10 percent. A 10 percent increase in the minimum wage led to a 24 percent increase in the likelihood that a restaurant would go out of business. This paper presents several new findings. First, we provide suggestive evidence that higher minimum wage increases overall exit rates among restaurants, where a $1 increase in the minimum wage leads to approximately a 4 to 10 percent increase in the likelihood of exit, although statistical significance falls with the inclusion of     characteristics and   time trends. The research revealed that   restaurants were more likely than   restaurants to go out of business in response to minimum wage laws. Economically, this is somewhat intuitive, because four and   restaurants aren’t constrained by minimum wage policy as they typically pay their wait staff well and diners often leave generous tips. Our point estimates suggest that a   increase in the minimum wage leads to a 14 percent increase in the likelihood of exit for a 3.  restaurant (which is the median rating) but has no discernible impact for a   restaurant (on a 1 to 5 star scale). This is an important conclusion because it reveals that minimum wage policies often hurt those that they are intended to help. Minimum wage hikes put employees of   restaurants at risk of losing their jobs. Owners of   restaurants are put at risk of having to shut down their businesses in response to the mandated increases in the cost of labor. And patrons of   eateries can lose dining choices. Those who eat out at the top of the food chain, the elite     restaurants might never even notice. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com,  ",0
10959,Exclusive-Rep. Kevin Brady: ’It Is Clear We Don’t Have the Votes’ to Pass Ryancare - Breitbart,"The chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee told Breitbart News Thursday evening he is looking for a compromise that will allow Speaker Paul Ryan (R. )’s American Health Care Act to move forward for a vote on the House floor. [“We are listening to our colleagues, from those who are the most conservative to those who are the most moderate, about what are the final solutions that we need to achieve, so we can reach consensus,” said Rep. Kevin Brady (R. ) whose committee approved the RyanCare bill March 9. Brady is one of the committee chairmen who approved the “manager’s amendments” Monday, which made modest changes to the bill.  Thursday’s vote on the bill was canceled by Ryan after a bloc of conservatives, led by the House Freedom Caucus, secured north of 25  “no” votes. With 237 GOP congressman, Ryan cannot lose more 22 votes to reach the 216 votes required for passage. The Ryancare bill is still a work in progress, Brady said. “While it’s clear we do not have the votes, no one is walking away from the table —  that means our members here in the House and certainly not in the White House as well, so let’s stay at the table,” he said. “There are a number of new solutions to try to reach that common ground let’s just keep working towards it,” he said. Breitbart News spoke to the chairman less than 100 feet from Ryan’s office, where the speaker was meeting with members of the House Freedom Caucus and senior aides to President Donald Trump.",0
10960,$6 Million Later: North Dakota Police Can’t Afford The Pipeline Protest,"Law enforcement in North Dakota is running out of money protecting the Dakota Access oil pipeline. 

A legislative committee will be reviewing an emergency request to borrow more money from the Bank of North Dakota to cover the cost of law enforcement’s involvement in the Dakota Access pipeline protests. 

The department has used an increasing amount of money since the Emergency Management Assistance Compact, which was supposed to be saved for natural disasters, but is now used to protect the pipeline that is planned to go through 1851 treaty land. 

To fight for companies behind the DAPL, officers from at least 6 states have been deployed. North Dakota is responsible for reimbursing out-of-state police agencies for costs that have to do with wages, overtime, officer benefits, meals while on duty, a per diem while off duty, lodging and mileage for the communities that sent vehicles. 

Governor Jack Dalrymple will vote on Tuesday, November 8th on whether to borrow $4 million from the state-owned bank. 

The panel has already borrowed and spent $6 million from the bank in September. 

North Dakota officials have also requested federal officials to reimburse the state for the additional law enforcement costs. 

All of this money going towards the police brings a lot into question. How much taxpayer money will be used to protect the investment of a company over investments on human health? How much money is given to law enforcement, military, and corporations in order to silence the people fighting for justice? 

 ",0
10961,Election 2016: Open Thread,"Orangutan. 
Rigged. Worth trying but its not a fair game. Smartmatic style Diebold type machines and software will count the votes and the corporate controlled media will announce the results. No mention of Election Fraud or the problems of the past. Long live Mike Connell, Clint Curtis, Bev Harris, Brad Friedman, RFK Jr. and other whistleblowers who have tried to fight for our democracy. Will only get worse from here it seems. Always hopeful though. David S 
Government will win as always. Freedom will lose as always. The ruling elite control most elected officials and hundreds of thousands of government bureaucrats legislate unconstitutionally from their offices. We sit upon $20 Trillion in real debt and another $250+Trillion in unfunded liabilities. Trump wishes to increase military spending and Hillary never met a war she didn’t support (on behalf of her puppetmasters of course). Our medical system is nearly completely destroyed by over a century of government micromanagement and collusion with the AMA. We have more people incarcerated than nearly every other country on earth – mostly for non-violent drug offenses – and neither candidate looks to have the courage or the desire to truly allow freedom in this area (though Trump shows the greatest hope). Our government/CIA/other black ops groups, etc. are working tirelessly to undermine governments around the world, incite violence, and provoke armed conflict – maybe even nuclear – all for the benefit of the arms cartel and banksters who profit from every war. The people of America clearly have NO interest in restoring freedom, liberty, private property rights, business rights, sound money, etc. anymore. This “rebellion” that has gotten behind Trump still needs to bear fruit with regards to demanding REAL change at the federal and state levels. What will come of the following months is to be seen, but I suspect, as with so many previous “rebellions,” these folks will go back to their televisions, iPads, and Playstations and will forget about the fundamental corruption and crony capitalism that is destroying this country so long as they get a few bones thrown their way to pacify them. Let us hope something far more profound comes of it all. Time for a drink. kimyo 
fwiw: a screencap of ‘final’ results displayed on 11/2 (apparently by accident) by nbc station wrcb-tv shows: popular vote: clinton 41,765,317 / trump 40,124,438, electoral college: clinton 343 / trump 195. 
although the early reporting showing trump with a commanding lead matches my take on american sentiment, my cynical side suspects that it is the msm’s way of getting out the later-voting clinton supporters 
if anonymous were a real thing, today’s show would be have been completely different. real hackers don’t waste their precious time defacing websites. 
ps: if trump does win, i picture zuesse as the dog, who, after years of chasing, has finally caught that darn UPS truck. growling, jowls full of brown bumper, but with a dawning comprehension on his brow, realizing ‘well, exactly what do i do now?’ Orangutan. 
Continuity of Gov’t plans have been implemented and in place. Dept of Homeland Security is now running our elections. The results will not be publicly available for review anymore according to Bev Harris. Similar to the results in California where the primary was announced for Hillary but Bernie may have actually ended up winning there. Welcome to the 1984 style Continuity of Government plan and Department of Homeland Security run elections thanks to the public’s refusal to emotionally or intellectually acknowledge the truth about 9/11 or the false flag anthrax attacks that followed. TruthTime 
Especially agree with the comment about the Anthrax attack. The criminals are still at large for that blatantly, obvious state-sponsored crime. I laughed when Obama’s Administration decided to shut down any investigation into it. 
America is a Nation of subjects who are continually subjected to the lies and falsehoods of their elected leaders. We have state crimes going far back to the era of JFK. People that still think Corruption isn’t really that bad in Washington, that it’s all a “conspiracy theory.” Carl_Herman 
Thank you for asking, GW. It’s not an “election” when it fails to meet that definition due to multiple methods for election fraud. It’s not for a “US president” therefore, but an appointed “leader.” And, it’s not reported by media, but the appointers’ propaganda minions. 
Of course, if we continue this argument with ~100 other points centered in lie-started Wars of Aggression, bankster-looting, and lying about near everything important, we can’t even call it the US as defined by our Constitution. 
So, where do we go from here? 
Start with truth. Then see what develops. Charlie Primero 
Carl, this vote shows that all the people you have been trying to “wake up” to the corruption and graft are waking up. 
This is just the beginning. Be happy. MyWikiDisQus 
It does not matter what we think or do or say anymore. The republic has been overthrown by the plutocrats who remain in power as long as the citizenry believe in the concocted and fraudulent electoral system they fabricated that selects the candidate who serves them, not the people. Participation of the masses is necessary to grant them the mandate to ensure the continuity of their reign that has continually impoverished the majority of the nation. 
In the beginning representative government in America was a wonderful experiment that has since devolved, brick by brick, decade by decade into a shell of its former creation to become a bastion of despotism. The poor are still slaves, indentured to the government by onerous debt as Negros were to their 19 century plantations masters; only the title of ownership has changed. The middle class, once a foundation of prosperity has now become an economic ghost, relegated to the status of freemen of the peasant class. 
The wealthy are richer in material possession, millionaires become billionaires and the government siphons off from the upper class to enrich itself by political favor, by statute and regulation, by ignoring the rule of equal justice under the law. 
How long will the people tolerate this abomination of corrupt authority? What will be the future event that triggers the entire country to say, “Enough!”? Will it be a complete economic breakdown of society or the devastation of nuclear war on our soil? 
“We the People” have the power, we have always possessed it. The time of reconciliation is upon us, we must balance the ledger of liberty back in our favor. The only way to peacefully do it is reject the system that oppresses us. Do not engage with them, do not obey them, tell them their lies carry no truth, we see through the veil of falsity and reject it and demand a new path to opportunity and happiness for all who are willing to work towards it. TruthTime 
The U.S. is fucked. 
But it needs to collapse now or within 100 years for people to totally realize they were duped. It is the only way to start anew. kimyo 
according to zh, trump has ohio, florida and north carolina. 
my top 3 questions: 1) will there be a thorough investigation of the clinton foundation? 2) what will he do if the next 9/11 happens on his watch? 3) will he kill cop21 and defund global warming research? diogenes 
One thing is utterly clear: if Trump wins, the wholly Wall Street owned Democratic Party gave it to him by rigging primaries to put the Clinton criminal gang on the ballot. 
Because Bernie would have won — won with the votes not only of millions of nominally “Democratic” voters who rightly can’t stomach Clinton and didn’t vote for her (whether we voted Green, or Libertarian or Trump or stayed home) — but also with the votes of millions who are voting Trump because he appears to at least not be part of the Wall Street criminal gang of hereditary oligarchs. Tim Chambers 
Looks like Trump will be President and free to do as he pleases. The Repug’s bet on Scalia’s seat has been made good. The Democrats will now have to rethink identity politics and third way neoliberalism. I wonder if Obama will try to ram through the trade agreements and a few other monstrosities now during the lame duck session. 
Bye, Bye, Hillary, bye bye. It’s the one silver lining to the overhanging clouds. What a disaster of a candidate! Such arrogant over-confidence. And what a comeuppance for the party and its big money backers! It is going to cost them a lot of money to into Trumps good graces. 
All we need now is for Trump to sell out his working class supporters for the Democrats to return to a sincere class-based politics that brings back the independent voters. They should have given Bernie his rightful chance. 
Unfortunately, what we are likely to see is another attempt by the Clintons 4 years from now against Warren. Two losses isn’t likely to dissuade that bitch in the least. 
I told you back in April and again 2 weeks ago that Trump would win!! http://www.washingtonsblog.com/2016/10/donald-j-trump-will-win.html Tim Chambers 
fuggetaboutit Evil Genius 
Who knows the Clintons and Waltons better than Arkansas? My favorite part was Arkansas voted 2-1 against Clinton. Ha ha ha! 
(BTW GW: There’s an error in Robert Parry’s bio…the word “broke” is missing (i.e., “broke stories”).) kimyo 
imagine if tomorrow trump says ‘yes, absolutely, we’re going to build that wall, but while we’re waiting for the check from mexico why don’t we find 500 out-of-work engineers and architects and 5,000 out-of-work construction folk and send them to flint to fix the water system. (costs him nothing, delivers grand justice) 
cnn had a bad day today, but they’d be totally f’d tomorrow. 
trump should hire some guy (me!) whose only job is to make cnn miserable, each day worse than the last. 
ps: arpaio gone is nice. cali cannabis is nice. why is this thread so inactive? Jack 
It’s time to collapse this mess and start new. Charlie Primero",0
10962,"Massachusetts is the Next Laboratory for School Privatization, and Why it Must Be Stopped","9 Shares
5 3 0 1
An important question is on the 2016 election state-wide ballot in Massachusetts. Question 2 deals with the state’s charter school cap. Without the cap, upwards of 12 charter schools could be approved by the state district in the next fiscal year. The charter school scam has spread its tentacles into the state ofMassachusetts in large part due to the Obama Administration. A vote ""no"" is thus critical toward halting the march of privatization in the education system occurring nation-wide. As Massachusetts residents gear up to vote for the next President of the United States, it is important to remember that the transformation of public education into a private good will not cease as long as popular opposition fails to confront its roots in Washington.
The Obama Administration immediately created the Race to the Top program after the 2008 election. This program paved a direct path toward the elimination of public education as we know it. The Department of Education funneled billions of US dollars into incentive schemes to privatize public schools district by district. Federal funds were dangled in front of mostly poor, mostly Black cities as long as these districts met the ""mandates"" of the program. These mandates included the closure of ""failing schools,"" mergers with for-profit charter schools, and the complete transformation of public schools into charter laboratories. Race to the Top created favorable conditions for private capitalists to engulf the entire US public education system.
The results have been disastrous. Hundreds of public schools have closed around the country. Tens of thousands of public school teachers have been fired. In New Orleans, nearly every school operating in the district is a privately owned by "" publicly funded"" charter schools .The Chicago teachers union recently averted a strike but has been dealing with the consequences of the closure of fifty schools in the city in 2013 .
The impact of charter schools has extended beyond teacher layoffs and school closures. Charter schools have also promoted segregation based on race and class. The Civil Rights Project of UCLA has found that seventy percent of black charter school students attend intensely segregated charter schools . Furthermore, charter schools also demand an even more intense policy of standardized testing withcurriculums that are often guided by the test corporations themselves. All the while, these institutions have found ample time to discriminate against ELS and disabled students.
In addition, charter schools have been found to cheat students from a quality education. Charter schools are even more militarized than traditional public schools and sport higher rates of suspension and expulsion rates. Corporate charter operators also ""cream"" students from the top and toss the rest. Even so, charters have not proven to do any better than public schools in terms of test scores . What the charter school movement does possess is the backing of the elite, which has masterfully used media and non-profit manipulation to demonize public education.
The usual capitalist players have been the primary leaders in the drive to rid of the charter school cap in Massachusetts. The New York Lobbying group ""Families for Excellent Schools"" is controlled by Hedge Fund managers whose funds stem from donations from the Walton Family (i.e. Wal-Mart). Another organization, ""Education Reform Now Advocacy,"" has received upwards of 11 million dollars from the same source . Charter schools are often labeled ""public"" because they receive tax payer dollars. However, the schools are accountable to no one except the corporate interests that back them.
A ""Yes"" vote on Question two would place the education of students in Massachusetts firmly in the hands of the kingpins of privatization. Not only would twelve charter schools per year be subject to approval, but forty-five public schools would be in danger of closure. Over 100 million more dollars per year would be siphoned from public schools across the state. At the moment, the charter school cap allows the state to operate no more than 72 charter schools. If the cap islifted, however, this restriction would no longer apply and leave the students, families, and educatorsvictimto the ""shock and awe"" privatization which has characterized national policy for over two decades.
Opposition to privatization is being led by the organization Save Our Schools. Save Our Schools consists of families, teachers, students, and unions that are looking to prevent an era of unbridled privatization in the Massachusetts public education system. Charter schools already drain 450 million from public education in the stateeach year as it currently stands. A vote ""no"" would protect public schools and thus the unions that representtheir educators.
A ""no"" vote would build upon numerous labor victories in the Massachusetts area over the last few years. The Boston School Bus Drivers union Local 8751 won a historic victory against the Veolia Corporation in 2015. The Harvard Dining Workers of Local 26 UNITE HERE followed by defeating Harvard's bid to raise healthcare costs in October of 2016. Now it is time to stand with teachers across the state in their effort to prevent full-scale privatization.
Doing so will not be easy. The model of union-management cooperationwith theDemocratic Party continues to prevent workers in Massachusetts and across the country from taking offensive action against the privatization assault. A vote ""no"" on question 2 in Massachusetts would show that community and union members can organize a successful push-back against the forces behind privatization. However, a vision of transformation and radical change must be articulated if defense of public education is to materialize into a people's movement. The fight against privatization must be placed in the contextof the larger struggle to build a world that working and oppressed people would vote ""yes"" to.",0
10963,Feds Warn Against Spring Break Travel to Mexico,"As many high school and college students around the country plan their annual spring break vacations, the U. S. State Department warns against travel to Mexico. [Popular resort destinations like Acapulco, Cabo San Lucas, Guadalajara, La Paz, Mazatlan, Puerto Vallarta, and even Tijuana are among the locations the feds caution travel to because of violence attributed to the “activities of criminal organizations. ”  As Breitbart Texas reported, the tourist hotspot of Acapulco, Guerrero, has become the scene of of a fierce turf war as rival drug cartels continue to fight for control of the region. In December, the State Department named Guerrero “the most violent state in Mexico in 2015 for a third year in a row, and   groups operate independently of the government in many areas,” noting that armed members of these groups in Guerrero maintain roadblocks which “although not considered hostile to foreigners or tourists, are suspicious of outsiders and should be considered volatile and unpredictable. ” Officials also urge spring break travelers to exercise caution in Baja California Sur getaways like Cabo San Lucas and La Paz because of homicides, many of which happened in La Paz “where there have been ongoing public acts of violence between rival criminal organizations. ” Guadalajara and Puerto Vallarta in Jalisco are subject to travel restrictions related to “continued instability” in the bordering states of Michoacán and Zacatecas. Baja California, home to Tijuana, Rosarito, Ensenada, Tecate, and Mexicali, experienced increased homicide rates last year because of “targeted criminal organization assassinations” and “turf battles between criminal groups. ” This “spring break” alert stems from the State Department’s December 2016 Mexico Travel Warning. It classified Mexico as a country with a high potential for kidnapping, carjacking, homicide, robbery, and other crimes because of a lack of security measures in place for travelers. Fourteen of Mexico’s 31 states were flagged as dangerous after Americans became victims of these and other violent crimes. The State Department says there is “no evidence that criminal organizations have targeted U. S. citizens based on their nationality” and the Mexican government devotes “substantial resources” to keep tourists safe. Still, the department underscores “gun battles between rival criminal organizations or with Mexican authorities have taken place on streets and in public places during broad daylight” in areas where visiting Americans traverse. Mexican resorts and tourist attractions “do not see the level of   violence and crime that are reported in the border region or in areas along major trafficking routes,” according to the advisory. Still, the State Department issued   spring break safety tips online for students to traveling to Mexico and the Caribbean. They suggest remaining aware of one’s surroundings, leaving valuables at home, and not participating in political protests. They also advise students to hail licensed and regulated taxis only, warning “some illegitimate taxi drivers are, in fact, criminals in search of victims. ” The pamphlet points out some travelers who rode in unlicensed taxis were robbed, kidnapped,   raped. Tamaulipas, which sits just across from the U. S.  Border, and the nearby Coahuila are areas where “violence and criminal activity, including homicide, armed robbery, carjacking, kidnapping, extortion, and sexual assault, pose significant and continuing security concerns,” Breitbart Texas reported. Even though the State Department singled out this region among those with the highest kidnapping rate, Nuevo Progreso in Tamaulipas attracts another spring break demographic  —   retirees, according to KENS. They spoke to a group of Canadians who said they have been coming to the border town for 20 years. One of them said: “All of the negative reporting and fear reporting, and I guess these is something to some of it, but maybe too much. ” Breitbart Texas reported Playa Del Carmen and Cancun have largely avoided most of the violence that has taken hold in other Mexican tourist areas. Cozumel, Riviera Maya, and Tulum are other popular spots not under a travel warning. Follow Merrill Hope, a member of the original Breitbart Texas team, on Twitter.",0
10964,Bullion Banks Pass the Parcel On El Salvador’s Gold Reserves,"Bullion Banks Pass the Parcel On El Salvador’s Gold Reserves Posted on Tweet Home » Gold » Gold News » Bullion Banks Pass the Parcel On El Salvador’s Gold Reserves 
All central banks still report gold as one line item of “ gold and gold receivables”, which allow bullion banks to increase their unallocated balances which can then be used in myriad leveraged and hypothecated ‘gold’ trading transactions. If you think 4 LBMA bullion banks passing a parcel of central bank gold claims around between them is excessive, wait until you see 28 bullion banks doing the same thing… 


Submitted by Ronan Manly: 
Eighteen months ago I wrote a short synopsis of a gold sales transaction by the central bank of El Salvador wherein it had sold 80% (about 5.5 tonnes) of its official gold reserves. The title of the post was “El Salvador’s gold reserves, the BIS, and the bullion banks“. If you thought, why the focus on the Banco Central de Reserva de El Salvador ( BCR ), it’s not a major player on the world gold market, you’d be correct, it’s not in its own right that important. 
However, the point of the article was not to profile the gold transactions of a relatively obscure central bank in Central America, but to introduce the topic of central bank gold lending to LBMA bullion banks, and the use of short-term ‘ gold deposits ‘ offered by these bullion banks. 
The reason being is this is a very under-analysed topic and one which I will be devoting more time to in the future. Gold loans by central banks to bullion banks are one of the most opaque areas of the global gold market. The fact that I’m using the central bank of El Salvador as the example is immaterial, it’s just convenient since the BCR happens to report the details of its gold lending operations, unlike most central banks. A Quick Recap 
At the end of September 2014, the BCR claimed to hold 223,113 ozs of gold (6.94 tonnes), of which 189,646 ozs (5.9 tonnes) was held in the form of “ deposits of physical gold ” with the Bank for International Settlements (BIS), and 33,467 ozs (1.04 tonnes) which was held as “ time deposits ” of gold (up to 31 days) with 2 commercial bullion banks, namely Barclays Bank and the Bank of Nova Scotia . 
The following table and all similar tables below are taken from the BCR’s ‘Statement of Assets backing the Liquidity Reserve’, or ‘Estado de Los Activos Que Respaldan la Reserva de Liquidez ’, which it publishes every 3 months. BCR gold position as of 30 September 2014 
In November 2014, the BCR executed a small sale of 5007 ozs of its gold from its quantity held with the BIS, leaving a holding of 218,106 ozs (6.784 tonnes) as of 31 December 2014, comprising 184,639 ozs held in “ deposits of physical gold ” with the BIS, and 33,467 ozs of “ time deposits ” (of between 2 and 14 days duration) with 2 bullion banks, namely BNP Paribas and the Bank of Nova Scotia. Notice that as of the end of 2014, BNP Paribas was now holding one of the time deposits of gold, and that Barclays was not listed. BCR gold position as of 31 December 2014 
Notice also in the above table the tiny residual time deposit gold holding attributed to Standard Chartered Bank Plc. Rewind for a moment to 30 June 2014. At the end of June 2014, the BCR’s gold deposits were placed with 3 LBMA bullion banks, namely, Barclays, Bank of Nova Scotia, and Standard Chartered. 
This is the way short-term gold deposit transactions work. A central bank places the short-term gold deposit with one of a small number of bullion banks, most likely at the Bank of England, and when the deposit expires after e.g. 1 month, the central bank places the deposit again, but not necessarily with the same bullion bank. The deposit rates on offer (by the bullion banks) and the placements by the central banks are communicated over a combination of Bloomberg terminals, or by phone and then the transactions are settled by Swift messages. More about the actual mechanics of this process in a future article. BCR gold position as of 30 June 2014 BCR sold its gold at the BIS, put the rest on deposit 
In March 2015, the BCR sold 174,000 ozs (5.412 tonnes ) of gold, which left El Salvador with 44,000 ozs. When I wrote about this transaction 18 months ago I had speculated that: 
“Since the Salvadoreans had 189,646 ozs on deposit with the BIS and needed to sell 179,000 ozs, the gold sold was most definitely sold to the BIS or to another party with the BIS acting as agent. 
It would not make sense to sell some or all of the time deposits that are out with the bullion banks such as Barclays and Scotia , since a large chunk of the BCR gold at the BIS would have to be sold also. It would be far easier to just deal with one set of transactions at the BIS. 
The above would leave the time deposits of 33,467 ozs (and accrued interest) out with the bullion banks, rolling over each month as usual. The other roughly 11,000 ozs that the BCR held with the BIS could be left with the BIS,or else this too could be put out on deposit with the bullion banks.” 
This speculation turns out to have been correct. By 31 March 2015, the BCR held 10,639 ozs of gold “ deposits of physical gold ” with the BIS, and the same 33,467 ozs of “ time deposits “, but this time split evenly between BNP Paribas and Barclays. The entire 174,000 ozs of gold sold came from the “ deposits of physical gold ” that El Salvador held with the BIS. BCR gold position as of 30 March 2015 
By 30 June 2015, the central bank of El Salvador had moved its remaining 10,639 ozs of “ deposits of physical gold ” from the BIS, and placed it into “ time deposits ” with bullion banks, with the entire 44,106 ozs being evenly split across Bank of Nova Scotia, BNP Parias and Standard Chartered, each holding 14,702 ozs. BCR gold position as of 30 June 2015 
Over the 12 months from end of June 2014 to 30 June 2015, a combination of at least 4 LBMA bullion banks, namely, Barclays, Bank of Nova Scotia, Standard Chartered and BNP Paribas were holding short-term gold deposits on behalf of the central bank of El Salvador. I say at least 4 banks, because there could have been more. The snapshots every 3 months only reveal which banks held gold deposits on those dates, not the full list of deposits that could have been placed and matured over each 3 month period. 
These time deposits are essentially obligations by the bullion bank in question to repay the central bank that amount of gold. The original gold which was first deposited into the LBMA system could have been sold, lent or otherwise encumbered. It has become a credit in the LBMA unallocated gold system. Ultimately it needs to be paid back to the central bank by whichever bullion bank holds the deposit when the central bank decides that it no longer wants to roll its short-term deposits. This is why the anology of pass the parcel is a suitable one. 
Looking at the more recent 3 monthly snapshots from September 2015 to June 2016, the same 4 LBMA bullion bank names were still holding the BCR’s gold deposits, namely Bank of Nova Scotia, Barclays, Standard Chartered and BNP Paribas. 
As of 30 September 2015 – Bank of Nova Scotia, Barclays and BNP Paribas, evenly split between the 3 of them. BCR gold position as of 30 September 2015 
On 31 December 2015 – Bank of Nova Scotia, BNP Paribas, and Standard Chartered, evenly split between the 3 of them. BCR gold position as of 30 December 2015 
On 30 March 2016 – Bank of Nova Scotia and BNP Paribas, evenly split between the 2 of them. BCR gold position as of 30 March 2016 
On 30 June 2016, the BCR gold deposits were held by Bank of Nova Scotia and BNP Paribas, evenly spilt between the 2. The 30 June 2016 file on the BCR website doesn’t open correctly so this data was taken from the Google cache of the file. IMF Reporting standards 
Finally, let’s take a quick look at what monetary gold and gold deposits actually are, as defined by the International Monetary Fund (IMF). 
“Monetary gold is gold owned by the authorities and held as a reserve asset. Monetary Gold is a reserve asset for which there is no outstanding financial liability”, IMF Balance of Payments Manual (BPM) 
In April 2006, Hidetoshi Takeda, of the IMF Statistics Department published a short opinion paper on the ‘Treatment of Gold Swaps and Gold Deposits (loans)‘ on behalf of the Reserve Assets Technical Expert Group (RESTEG) of the IMF Committee on Balance of Payments (BoP) Statistics. The paper was called “ Issues Paper (RESTEG) #11 “. In the Issues paper, Takeda states: 
“monetary authority make g old deposits ‘to have their bullion physically deposited with a bullion bank , which may use the gold for trading purpose in world gold markets ‘” 
“‘The ownership of the gold effectively remains with the monetary authorities, which earn interest on the deposits, and the gold is returned to the monetary authorities on maturity of the deposits’” 
” Balance of Payments Manual, fifth Edition (BPM5) is silent on the treatment of gold deposits/loans. However, the Guidelines states that, “To qualify as reserve assets, gold deposits must be available upon demand to the monetary authorities ” 
You can see from the above that once the gold balance that is represented by the gold deposit is under the control of a bullion bank as a unallocated balance, then it becomes an asset of the bullion bank and can be used in subsequent bullion bank transactions, such as being lent again, or used to support its trading book, etc. 
The big question is whether the gold as represented by the gold deposit is available on demand by the central bank which lent it. For ‘available on demand’ think using an ATM or walking into your local bank and withdrawing some cash from your account. It’s as simple as that. 
Takeda said: 
“Regarding the statistical treatment of gold deposits/loans, keeping the status quo is suggested. That is, if the deposited/loaned gold is available upon demand to the monetary authorities, it can be included in reserve assets as monetary gold. However, if the gold is not available upon demand, it should be removed from reserve assets “ 
Takeda’s paper also covers the topic of “ Double counting of gold from outright sales of gold acquired through gold swaps or gold deposits/loans” where he says logically: 
“double counting of gold can occur when a bullion bank sells outright gold acquired through gold deposits/loans from… monetary authorities” 
If the gold sold is not removed from the central bank’s balance sheet, it could: 
“pose a problem when international statistical standards allow swapped/deposited gold to remain in the reserve assets of the gold provider.” 
Given that nothing has changed in the IMF’s reporting standards since 2006, i.e. the IMF did not take on board Takeda’s recommendations on gold loan accounting treatment, and given that all central banks still report gold as one line item of “ gold and gold receivables” , then you can see how these gold deposits that are being continually rolled over by central banks using a small number of LBMA bullion banks based in London a) are being double counted if the gold involved has been sold, b) only represent claims by a central bank on a bullion bank, and c) allow bullion banks to increase their unallocated balances which can then be used in myriad leveraged and hypothecated ‘gold’ trading transactions 
If you think 4 LBMA bullion banks passing a parcel of central bank gold claims around between them is excessive, wait until you see 28 bullion banks doing the same thing! Coming soon in a future article. 
Ronan Manly",0
10965,"Ted Cruz Names Carly Fiorina as His Running Mate, Seeking a Jolt - The New York Times","INDIANAPOLIS  —   Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, desperate to alter the course of a presidential primary fight in which Donald J. Trump is closing in on victory, announced Wednesday that Carly Fiorina would be his running mate if he won the Republican nomination. The move, a day after Mr. Trump scored unexpectedly wide victory margins in sweeping five East Coast states, amounted to the grandest diversionary tactic a presidential candidate can stage  —   or at least the grandest one available to a candidate trailing by about  400 delegates who failed to win more than 25 percent of the vote in any state on Tuesday. Taking the stage after 4 p. m. before a modest but spirited crowd in a cavernous pavilion here, Mr. Cruz described Mrs. Fiorina, the former presidential candidate and   chief executive, as “brilliant and capable” and deeply principled, and praised her for having “shattered glass ceilings. ” Mr. Cruz’s criteria for a pick, in his telling, seemed to be aimed squarely at Mr. Trump. “Do they think through decisions in a rash and impulsive way?” he asked. “Do they pop off the handle at whatever strikes them at any given moment?” He held up Mrs. Fiorina as someone who knows “where jobs come from. ” “Born in Texas,” he added, grinning, “the very first thing I liked about her. ” Mr. Cruz’s decision to rush out a   pick before next week’s primary in Indiana, which is becoming    for his candidacy, was the political equivalent of a student pulling a fire alarm to avoid an exam: It was certain to draw attention and carried the possibility of meeting its immediate goal, but seemed unlikely to forestall the eventual reckoning. Still, for Mr. Cruz, it could serve to shift the focus away from Mr. Trump’s success and from his own wheezing alliance with Gov. John Kasich of Ohio, who agreed to clear out of Indiana if Mr. Cruz withdrew from competition in Oregon and New Mexico. And since endorsing Mr. Cruz last month, Mrs. Fiorina has proved to be an eager surrogate, attacking both Mr. Trump and Hillary Clinton with zeal. On Wednesday, Mrs. Fiorina quickly seized on the role of faithful sidekick, singing a song to Mr. Cruz’s daughters from the stage, appraising the senator as “a lot of fun” and repeatedly hammering home the Cruz campaign argument that Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton are essentially indistinguishable on policy. “They’re not going to challenge the system,” she said. “They are the system. ” Mr. Cruz’s announcement was prompted by the same countervailing forces that pushed him to strike the nonaggression pact with Mr. Kasich on Sunday: Mr. Cruz’s polling in Indiana showed him down   in Indiana last week, according to two Republicans familiar with the findings. He has edged closer to Mr. Trump in nightly surveys this week, but remains behind. “If the election were held today, we’d lose but not get crushed,” said a Republican familiar with Mr. Cruz’s polling. What is striking, though, is that Mr. Cruz decided to tap Mrs. Fiorina even after his own surveys indicated she would offer only a modest boost. In Indiana and subsequent states, Mr. Cruz’s campaign tested the impact if Mr. Cruz named Mrs. Fiorina as his running mate and found it was only worth “a couple of points,” said a Republican briefed on the polling results. “Voters like her. They don’t love her,” said this Republican, who insisted on anonymity to discuss the  . Yet Mr. Cruz’s gambit may present a perilous challenge for Mr. Trump, who faces mounting criticism for his derisive remarks about women, including his repeated claims that Mrs. Clinton’s sole political asset is “the woman’s card. ” Already viewed unfavorably by a majority of women in general election polls, Mr. Trump has clashed savagely with Mrs. Fiorina in the past. He has mocked her business record, her voice and even her looks. “Look at that face,” Mr. Trump said in an interview with Rolling Stone magazine last summer. “Would anyone vote for that?” Another slashing comment directed at Mrs. Fiorina’s appearance or gender could have grave consequences for Mr. Trump, especially with female voters he would need to win over to compete in the fall. Current and former advisers to Mr. Trump said he has long found Mrs. Fiorina an agitating presence and described her in public and private as an unworthy opponent with dubious business credentials. And Mr. Trump has repeatedly disregarded advisers who urged him steer clear of conflict with a comparatively obscure rival, no matter how fervent his distaste for her. Sam Nunberg, a former Trump aide who was dismissed from the campaign last summer, said Mr. Trump’s advisers warned him that his treatment of Mrs. Fiorina would be perceived as a test of his discipline for the general election. “We had already anticipated that there would be attacks of sexism, that there would be attacks that you don’t respect women,” said Mr. Nunberg, who now opposes Mr. Trump, paraphrasing the Trump campaign’s counsel to the candidate. “This was a major test to show you can compete as a presidential candidate. ” Mr. Nunberg added, “Unfortunately, Donald failed that test miserably. ” For Mr. Cruz, the drawbacks to naming Mrs. Fiorina are many: A pick designed to change momentum in a primary could prove less than optimal for a general election. Voters might find it presumptuous for a candidate to name his prospective running mate while trailing by several hundred delegates. Then there are the taunts from Mr. Trump. “He’s wasting his time,” the   told reporters Tuesday night, when asked about Mr. Cruz’s preparations for a possible selection. On Wednesday, Mr. Trump responded dismissively to reports of a   ticket: On Twitter he posted a clip of Mrs. Fiorina on television, earlier in the campaign, calling Mr. Cruz a politician who “says whatever he needs to say to get elected. ” (A “super PAC” supporting Mr. Kasich circulated a memo listing Mrs. Fiorina’s past criticisms of Mr. Cruz in greater detail.) For those inclined to cast Mr. Cruz’s   Senate tenure as a triumph of principle, the selection and its unusual timing could register as the kind of unconventional move of a Republican who has made a career of bucking the party’s establishment. But among Republicans in Washington, where skirmishes with Mr. Cruz have focused more often on tactics than policy substance, the maneuver appeared likely to reinforce the perception among his detractors that he is cynical and calculating. Either way, in Mrs. Fiorina, Mr. Cruz has turned to a credible outsider and an expert attack dog who has sparred often with the senator’s rivals in both parties. She will surely be deployed in California, where the June 7 primary could determine whether Mr. Trump captures the delegates needed to clinch the nomination before the convention. Mrs. Fiorina has statewide political experience there, having been the Republican nominee against Senator Barbara Boxer in 2010. Her connections with the sort of party activists likely to vote in the primary there could give Mr. Cruz a valuable surrogate in the weeks leading up to it. She did, however, lose her one California campaign by 10 points and has since left the state to live in the Virginia suburbs of Washington. Mindful of the gender gap often evident in Mr. Trump’s polling, Cruz allies hope that Mrs. Fiorina will prove a capable foil to him, as she did while besting him in a series of debate exchanges during her own candidacy. In recent weeks, she has again relished the role, disparaging Mr. Trump in interviews and urging him to “man up” and debate Mr. Cruz   . She has also shown a habit of answering questions addressed to Mr. Cruz at news conferences, interjecting to sing his praises or defend his actions. In the past, though, Mrs. Fiorina has chafed at being described as   material. Last year, she called it “sexist” that she was often asked whether she was running for president in the hopes of being chosen as someone’s running mate. More recently, she had hedged when asked about her interest. As Mrs. Fiorina sat beside Mr. Cruz for a Fox News interview last month, the Texas senator was asked whether he would consider Mrs. Fiorina for the role. A live audience cheered, and Mrs. Fiorina answered before Mr. Cruz could. “Let’s win the nomination first,” she said. Mr. Cruz’s selection of Mrs. Fiorina was also reminiscent of a candidate whom he revered. In his 1976 primary against President Gerald R. Ford, Ronald Reagan  —   lagging and needing to change the subject  —   announced his choice of a running mate before the Republican convention. The gamble paid off in the short term. His selection of Senator Richard S. Schweiker of Pennsylvania led the evening news, slowed the news media’s rush to declare Ford the presumptive nominee and allowed Reagan to continue wooing delegates. But Reagan’s announcement came after the primaries had ended, not with 10 states remaining, and he was closer behind Ford in the delegate count than Mr. Cruz is today to Mr. Trump. Mr. Schweiker carried the promise of winning over a clear constituency, the Pennsylvania delegation, while it is unclear which voters Mrs. Fiorina could deliver. And Reagan still lost to Ford.",0
10966,Michael Moore calls anyone voting for Donald Trump a ‘legal terrorist’,"Michael Moore calls anyone voting for Donald Trump a ‘legal terrorist’ Oct 28, 2016 Previous post 
While doing press for his surprise Donald Trump movie that he released on Tuesday after making it in secret, “Michael Moore in TrumpLand,” Michael Moore made it very clear what he thinks about those voting for Donald Trump. 
While talking to Rolling Stone , the Oscar-winning director said that he made his movie in an attempt to convince undecideds that voting for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton isn’t a bad idea. And that Trump supporters will be hurting the country. 
“I want them to think about the damage they could do by being a legal terrorist on November 8,” Moore said. 
When Rolling Stone asked him to explain what a “legal terrorist” means and if it’s a catch-all for Trump voters, Moore responded: 
“Any. Legally, you have a right to vote on November 8. You can go in there and even though you’re not necessarily in favor of Trump and you don’t like him that much and you know he’s a little crazy, you also know he’s going to blow up the system. The system that took your job and house away from you. You get to get back at the system now and blow it up and this is the only day you can do it legally. He’s told everybody that’s what he’s going to do. He’s the outsider who is going to ride into town and blow up the old way. So you, as a voter, get to participate in the detonation. He’s going to get a lot of votes from people who actually just want to sit back and watch the 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK",0
10967,NAACP: Sessions’ Voter Fraud Prosecutions Were ‘Intimidating’ to Voters,"The organized left’s kitchen sink tactic seen throughout the week against Senator Jeff Sessions’ ( ) nomination for the next U. S. Attorney General included a bold effort tell the Senate Judiciary Committee directly that the nominee’s record of prosecuting federal voter fraud defendants served as an example of voter intimidation. [The NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund’s opposition campaign formally expanded this week to include the promotion of a letter from former Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick (D) who previously served as a staff lawyer for the organization before advancing to be Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights in the Clinton Administration.  The document, directed to Senate Judiciary Committee leadership, charged that Sessions’ judgment should be questioned after bringing a case against three black, Alabama voters for what Patrick describes was an effort to “help someone else to vote or advise them how to vote —  even if and when they ask for such help. ” The defendants named in the case (the Perry County Three) were Albert Turner, Spencer Hogue, Jr. and Evelyn Turner. Patrick reports that he served as counsel to Mr. Hogue. The former governor further charged that the case was an example of Sessions’ “extraordinary   activism” and noted that Sessions targeted his efforts on “black voters and only where white incumbents were losing political ground. ” Finally, the letter argued that the former U. S. Attorney’s decision to give 20 local government witnesses armed protection when traveling to testify led some to believe there was a “campaign to intimidate” the group into “believing that voter assistance was illegal. ” The submission to the committee triggered a response from another former DOJ civil rights attorney on Thursday. J. Christian Adams, Public Interest Legal Foundation President, alerted senators to a number of “legal and factual inaccuracies” Patrick had offered that should not be relied on. The nonprofit called foul on Patrick’s attempt to reframe the case as a crackdown on lawful voter assistance and reminded committee members what the actual, alleged statutory violations were —  mail fraud and voting more than once in a federal election. Adams argued that perhaps Patrick’s decision to redefine the case could be attributed to his potential view “that since the voters and the [ballot] harvesters were merely of the same race, no crime occurred because the harvesters knew who the voters should (or would) support. ” The defendants initially requested the judge acquit them and then later offered to plead guilty to the election crimes —  facts Adams notes were omitted in Patrick’s written statement and severely undercut the claim that Sessions should not be trusted, given his record of bringing the unnecessary case. The NAACP narrative of the week was further challenged when a son of the Perry County Three, Albert Turner, Jr. endorsed Sessions for the post of attorney general, as reported by Breitbart News. Turner admitted there will be some policy differences between himself and an AG Sessions, but he and others in the “civil rights community can work” him if given the chance. He added that there is no longstanding ill will between them, stating that  . S. Attorney Sessions had “a job to do” when prosecuting his parents. “He is not a racist,” Turner added. The defendants were acquitted by the jury at the time. The NAACP letter writing campaign did not end with Governor Patrick. Breitbart News previously reported on an open letter effort circulated and signed by more than 1, 200 law professors to oppose the nomination. “Nothing in Senator Sessions’ public life since 1986 has convinced us that he is a different man than the    attorney who was deemed too racially insensitive to be a federal district court judge,” the letter charged. Outside of the war of written words, NAACP President Cornell William Brooks was notoriously arrested during a   at Senator Sessions’ Mobile, Alabama office on Wednesday, according to a recent Breitbart News report. The message was clear: “We are asking the senator to withdraw his name for consideration as attorney general or for the   Donald Trump, to withdraw the nomination,” Brooks said, according to CNN. After posting bail, Brooks joined a Friday morning conference call with top leadership from the   The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, the National Council of Asian Pacific Americans, La Raza, Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund, and Al Sharpton from the National Action Network to retell his experience. Recent IRS Form 990s revealed that the combined salaries for the speakers on the call exceed $1. 5 million dollars. Sharpton promised that like the NAACP   the National Action Network intends to scatter occupiers in each of the offices of senators voting for Sessions’ confirmation and “may stay awhile”. The conference call   a number of key talking points against the senator, with   President Sherrilyn Ifill charging, “the question is not ‘is Jeff Sessions a racist?’ The question is whether we can trust him to enforce civil rights laws. ” MALDEF President Thomas Saenz added that “it takes more than a law degree to be attorney general,” questioning Sessions’ competence to fairly enforce civil rights laws. When asked by National Public Radio if any on the call had direct talks with Sessions for the purpose of smoothing out differences, Wade Henderson of the Leadership Conference explained that the senator had not yet reached out. Assuming a successful confirmation, Christian Adams predicted to Breitbart News’ Lee Stranahan that   agitation will only increase from within the Justice Department. Due to the limited number of appointees Sessions would be able to place, he will be entering a “nest of vipers” as it regards to career bureaucrats acting upon their personal legal and political views. Sessions Nomination Letter From J Christian Adams to Senate Judiciary Committee by electionlawcentercom on Scribd,  Logan Churchwell is a founding editor of the Breitbart Texas team. You can follow him on Twitter @LCChurchwell. He also serves as the communications director for the Public Interest Legal Foundation.",0
10968,Michelle Obama - next president after Donald Trump,"AP photo Many social networkers urge Michelle Obama to run for president in 2020.""They want the Obamas back. After Donald Trump's shock win over Hillary Clinton in the 2016   on Tuesday, November 8, some people are already urging Michelle Obama to run for president in 2020,"" US Magazine wrote. A new hashtag has emerged in social media #Michelle2020. Some believe that it is already time to start a campaign for Michelle Obama. Some others say that in case of victory, Michelle Obama will be able to shatter two glass ceilings, as she would be able to become the first-ever black woman president. At the same time, Michelle Obama has repeatedly stated before that she would never run for president. Pravda.Ru Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru Which business Putin and Trump contrive",0
10969,How Trump Might Become a Workplace Disrupter - The New York Times,"Let’s say Donald J. Trump wants to make good on his promise to improve the lives of American workers. Let’s imagine this White House, which came to power free from the political debts typically owed to unions or Wall Street, is genuinely focused on helping the nation’s miners, waitresses and Uber drivers. What, then, should President Trump do? The question might seem fanciful given the continuing chaos in Washington. But with Mr. Trump’s new choice for labor secretary, R. Alexander Acosta, heading toward a likely confirmation, at some point the president’s cabinet will actually start governing. And then, it will face an unusual opportunity: the freedom to create policies potentially beholden only to the American workers who put Mr. Trump into office. This is a potentially transformative moment, not just within politics, but also inside millions of companies grappling with a changing economy and expanding worker demands. So over the past few weeks, I asked more than two dozen labor thinkers  —   from both the right and left former officials and government skeptics union leaders and strident capitalists  —   what kinds of federal innovations could remake American working life. I particularly asked for bipartisan ideas. In general, and surprisingly, there is broad enthusiasm about the future of American work (even as there are sharp disagreements about whether this president’s policies will help or hurt workers). “There are lots of new opportunities we wouldn’t have even dreamed about a few decades ago,” said Andy Stern, former president of the S. E. I. U. one of the largest labor unions. “There are great ideas out there, and people who want to experiment. But so much depends on what the government is willing to encourage. ” In particular, say both corporate chieftains and organized labor advocates, there is an opportunity for agencies like the Labor Department to become innovation catalysts, using technology to rethink how workers are trained and find jobs. The government could revolutionize employee benefits by making them more portable. And federal departments could become knowledge centers, spreading good ideas from state to state. Many of these ideas draw on the creativity that has remade places like Silicon Valley. Take, for instance, how the internet has changed the way   workers find jobs. “You don’t find a lot of   workers on LinkedIn,” said Seth Harris, deputy labor secretary under President Barack Obama. “But the unemployment system reaches tens of millions of   workers each year. If government got more sophisticated about using technology to train workers with the skills companies need, and to encourage online job matching, that could transform things. ” Improving job training isn’t a   concept. Nearly every major university and college now offers online curriculums that evolve, semester to semester, in response to new technologies or what employers say they are looking for. But those innovations have not much influenced how the Labor Department spends billions each year on training for unemployed workers. “There’s strong bipartisan support for work force development,” Mr. Harris said. “But right now, the private sector changes so quickly that by the time we get a training program in place to help    truck drivers learn computer programming, what we’re teaching is out of date. We can change that. ” What’s more, the Labor Department is perfectly poised to use technology to reduce what is known as “frictional unemployment”  —   in which jobs go unfilled because workers and companies have trouble finding each other. Most online career marketplaces, like LinkedIn, cater to   professionals. But, as Mr. Harris pointed out, LinkedIn is not primarily designed to help waiters or home health aides find work. And because such workers often have less money to pay for online memberships, those kinds of networks are less likely to emerge on their own. However, Mr. Trump’s new labor secretary could create those marketplaces, as well as encourage companies to train people on the job. “We need more apprenticeship programs,” said Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine. Right now, such programs are hobbled by regulations that make it hard for companies to take on midcareer interns. But “there’s support from both parties for helping workers learn,” Ms. Collins said. “That’s not a partisan issue. ” This White House could also expand the concept of employment to benefit the millions of Americans who are freelancers, independent contractors or otherwise part of the “gig economy. ” “If you make it easier to hire more people, that’s both   and ” said Oren Cass, the domestic policy director of Mitt Romney’s presidential campaign. But in recent decades, as courts and regulators tussled over what, exactly, constitutes an employee, “we’ve made it harder to hire, even as it’s gotten easier to become Uber, a company that succeeds with hardly any formal employees,” Mr. Cass said. Companies like Uber are terrified to offer benefits like health care. At Uber, for example, that increases the chances that a court will declare a driver an employee, which requires Uber to pay insurance and taxes, and makes the company liable if a driver harasses a passenger or causes an accident. “But what if there was a category of employment that was somewhere between a   employee and an independent contractor?” Mr. Cass asked. “What if Uber could say to a driver, ‘We’re willing to contribute to your health care costs, but we don’t want to be on the hook for everything. ’” Creating a new category of employment could be risky for workers. Companies could opt to do away with formal employees altogether, and make it harder for workers to organize to fight for their rights. But such innovations could also be paired with flexible protections for workers, like “portable benefits. ” Government policies could let employees transfer their health care plans or 401( k) accounts as easily as they switch cellphone carriers. That might push companies to compete for workers with the same ferocity that Verizon battles ATT. Ideas like these have been around for a while, but have been stymied by old political divisions. Mr. Trump, however, is a disruptive force. “There’s an opportunity right now for the Labor Department to redefine its role, to help people stop thinking about the relationship between companies and workers as always ” said Eric Liu, a former policy adviser to President Bill Clinton and author of the forthcoming “You’re More Powerful Than You Think: A Citizen’s Guide to Making Change Happen. ” “If Trump is smart, he’ll start stealing ideas from the right and left,” Mr. Liu added. He could also steal from successful companies by publicizing good ideas. Companies like Costco and Allstate, which have prospered by giving employees higher wages and better benefits, deserve more attention. They haven’t been feted by this administration yet, but they should be. The White House should also propagandize the workplace nudges and experiments that help both workers and a company’s bottom line. It is, of course, unclear if these are the kinds of ideas Mr. Trump or his cabinet will embrace. But there are strong reasons to hope they might. Mr. Trump was elected largely by workers. He is, uniquely, a president not beholden to union orthodoxies or industrial dogmas. “I’ve always referred to the Department of Labor as the Department of Opportunity,” said Thomas E. Perez, who served as secretary of labor under Mr. Obama and is now running to head the Democratic National Committee. In the most recent election, workers showed how powerfully they can upend political prognostications when they want to  —   and how much they are willing to cross party lines to get what they want. “I’m not at all convinced Trump actually cares about workers,” Mr. Perez said. “But I’m willing to be surprised. ”",0
10970,Suspect in Dallas Attack Had Interest in Black Power Groups - The New York Times,"The man who the Dallas police say killed five officers in a barrage of bullets on Thursday was a troubled Army reservist who left Afghanistan under a cloud of sexual harassment charges made by a fellow soldier who sought an order of protection against him and said he needed mental health counseling. Micah Johnson, 25, left the service in 2015, moving back to the Dallas area, where he had grown up. There, he gravitated toward black power groups, displaying his affinity for them on Facebook. His profile page, which has since been taken down, paid homage to black pride, featuring images of a raised fist and pictures of the red, black and green   flag. Both have been symbols of nonviolent black empowerment for decades, but have also been   by extremist groups with racist views. And when the authorities searched Mr. Johnson’s home on Friday, after he had been killed by the police, they said they found “  materials, ballistic vests, rifles, ammunition and a personal journal of combat tactics. ” Mr. Johnson, who the police said acted alone, served in the Army Reserve from 2009 to 2015, leaving as a private first class, according to Army records. He was deployed to Afghanistan in November 2013 with the 420th Engineer Brigade, based in Seagoville, Tex. His job specialty was as a mason and carpenter. Nothing in his records suggests that he saw combat or was injured. While he was in Afghanistan, a female soldier in Mr. Johnson’s unit accused him of sexual harassment, according to Bradford Glendening, the military lawyer assigned to represent Mr. Johnson when he returned to Texas. Quoting from Mr. Johnson’s file, which was dated May 2014, Mr. Glendening said that Mr. Johnson’s accuser recommended that he receive “mental help. ” She also requested “a protective order against Pfc. Johnson pertaining to myself, my family, home, restaurant and any other place of residence I may reside at. ” According to Mr. Glendening, the Army initiated proceedings to kick Mr. Johnson out of the military for what is known as an other than honorable discharge. “They didn’t like him, that was very clear from talking to his commander,” Mr. Glendening said. On Mr. Glendening’s advice, Mr. Johnson waived his right to a hearing in exchange for a lesser charge. On his Facebook page, Mr. Johnson “liked” two groups that seem to shed light on his ideological views. One was the New Black Panther Party, which was founded in Dallas, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center. The   League calls it “the largest organized   and racist black militant group in the United States. ” The other group was the African American Defense League, which was formed in 2014 by a man named   Millere. “Millere is known for calling for violence against police specifically, on a regular basis,” said Oren Segal, the director of the   League’s Center on Extremism. “Usually after a high profile   shooting he takes to social media to encourage violence against police. ” After the killing of Laquan McDonald in Chicago, Mr. Millere called for “death to every blue, bastard, hypocrites, killer pig across the nation,” according to Mr. Segal. Mr. Johnson’s Facebook page also included a picture of himself with Richard Griffin of the rap group Public Enemy. Mr. Griffin, known as Professor Griff, made headlines in the 1980s for   comments and has been a longtime supporter of the New Black Panther Party. In a series of posts on Twitter, Mr. Griffin said that he did not know Mr. Johnson and that he did not “advocate killing cops. ” Only days before the shootings, after a police officer fatally shot a black man during a routine traffic stop in Minnesota, Mr. Johnson’s younger sister, Nicole, had taken to social media to express outrage. “White ppl have and will continue to kill us off,” she wrote on Facebook. “The only difference is they serve the system hiding behind that blue suit and get off easy murdering civilians. Everything coming into the light and i for one think these cops need to get a taste of the life we now fear. ” After Mr. Johnson was identified as the gunman in Dallas, she returned to her Facebook page to express anguish: “I keep saying its not true. ..my eyes hurt from crying. Y him? ??” Mr. Johnson graduated in 2009 from John Horn High School in Mesquite, Tex. where he was a part of the Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps, according to Allison Lewallyn, a spokeswoman for the Mesquite Independent School District. He joined the Army Reserve after graduation. A résumé that Mr. Johnson circulated among potential employers in January said he had worked since September 2014 for an organization called Touch of Kindness, transporting “mentally challenged” children and adults to appointments and helping teach them “basic living skills. ” He also listed himself as a former shift manager and driver at a Jimmy John’s sandwich shop and as a foreman at a company that distributed fliers. The community where Mr. Johnson lived with his mother is a quiet suburban subdivision with   brick    homes. The family’s house sits across from a large empty, grassy field. Hundreds of reporters swarmed the neighborhood. A police car parked in front of the home kept journalists away. During a lengthy standoff on Thursday, Mr. Johnson told police negotiators that he was “upset about Black Lives Matter,” as well as the recent police shootings of black men, according to David O. Brown, the Dallas police chief. “The suspect said he was upset at white people,” Chief Brown said. “The suspect stated he wanted to kill white people, especially white officers. ” A local activist, Yafeuh Balogun, said that he had spotted Mr. Johnson at demonstrations, but described him as more of a lone wolf. “He was part of a   group of citizens that feel there needs to be some change that needs to take place,” Mr. Balogun said. “The difference is Micah took an extreme position. ”",0
10971,Game changer? Trump supporter charged in voter fraud case,"Print 
According to CBS News , a Des Moines woman has been charged a woman with election misconduct, a Class D felony, after officials said she voted twice. 
Des Moines police Sgt. Paul Parizek says officers charged 55-year-old Terri Rote with first-degree election misconduct on Thursday after being notified by elections officials that she had submitted two absentee ballots. 
The real bombshell comes in paragraph 3: 
According to an Iowa Public Radio report, Rote voted two times for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. 
After quoting Trump’s “oft-repeated line on the … campaign trail: ‘The polls are rigged,'” the CBS reporters note that Thursday’s development is not a one-off deal. They quote Polk County Attorney John Sarcone as saying, “This [is] maybe the third [time] we’ve had some irregularity that’s resulted in a criminal charge.” 
From there, the writers go on to express their newfound support of voter ID laws, adding that Republicans have been right all along and some method for keeping elections honest is long overdue. 
Oh, wait a seond: No they don’t. That would be the logical conclusion, but since when are liberals capable of logical thought? 1 shares",0
10972,‘Brexit’ Opens Uncertain Chapter in Britain’s Storied History - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   Asked to vote in or out, Britain has chosen decisively to cast off its    membership in the European Union, leaving it to face a more complex question: What kind of nation will it be now? Will Britain be the   entrepreneurial, confident country that makes its independent way in the world, as the leaders of the “Leave” campaign insisted it could be? Or will it retreat to become a Little England, nationalist and a touch xenophobic, responding to the voters that drove it to quit the European Union? Even more important: Will it even hold together? With Scotland deeply   pressure will increase for another independence referendum that could bring an end to the United Kingdom. Britain, a nation whose storied history has encompassed the birth of constitutional government, global empire, royal pageantry and heroic defense against fascism, is entering unknown territory. The questions about its new path could remain unresolved for years. On Friday morning, at least, Britain remained a member of the European Union in full standing, just as it was 24 hours earlier. But the impact of this plebiscite is likely to be profound and   well beyond the immediate tumult in the financial markets, and the questions about Britain’s future will be answered against the backdrop of potential political, legal and economic upheaval. A Conservative government with its first majority since 1992 has ripped itself apart on a global stage and is badly damaged. Prime Minister David Cameron promptly announced that he would step aside once his party settled on a successor, setting up a potentially   leadership battle. An early general election is not out of the question. Once Britain begins the formal process of withdrawing from the European Union by exercising Article 50 of the treaty that governs membership in the bloc  —   a step Mr. Cameron said he would leave to the next prime minister  —   it will set off a   clock on negotiations, a period in which Britain (including millions of European citizens living in Britain and British citizens living in the European Union) will be in limbo. And if the British Treasury, the Bank of England, the International Monetary Fund and the Institute for Fiscal Studies are to be believed, the British economy is in for a severe shock. The Treasury estimates that the British gross domestic product, representing the size of the economy, will fall by 3. 5 percent, clobbering tax receipts that half a million people will lose their jobs and that housing prices (and thus personal wealth of homeowners) will fall by 10 percent. Those estimates were criticized by the Leave campaign, including senior members of government, as unfounded fear mongering. Now Britain will find out how accurate they are. This vote was a severe shock to Britain’s political class from voters who are angry, confused and deeply distrustful of elites. The Labour Party joined Mr. Cameron in campaigning to stay in Europe, as did nearly all the other parties represented in Parliament, with the exception of the Democratic Unionists and the U. K. Independence Party, which was founded on a platform of leaving the European Union. Yet despite that solid wall of establishment voices  —   or perhaps because of them  —   Britain voted for a fundamental change in direction. “The British political class should pay attention,” said Tony Travers, professor of government at the London School of Economics. “There is a lot of disaffection with both main parties,” he said. In 1955, the Conservatives and Labour won 97. 5 percent of the vote, but in last two elections, the two won only about 66 percent of the vote, he said. “Into that vacuum something else has to move, but what?” Mr. Travers asked. “The political class has to wonder how to appeal to those who increasingly feel left out of the system, how to stop large numbers of voters feeling cut out of economic change and success. ” The Conservative Party is already split between traditional establishment figures like Mr. Cameron and others who embraced the     posture of the Leave campaign, most prominently the former mayor of London, Boris Johnson, and one of Mr. Cameron’s senior cabinet members, Michael Gove. Mr. Cameron also had more centrist views than many in his party’s grass roots, having pushed the Conservatives to back social issues like   marriage and adopt unifying themes like “  Conservatism. ” He is likely to be replaced by someone more to the right and more   like Theresa May, the home secretary, or Mr. Johnson, who also thinks of himself as a “  Tory,” but in the Churchillian mode, and has made no secret of his ambition. And the Labour Party must find a way to embrace those   voters who are clearly unhappy about the effects of globalization and immigration on their lives and found themselves swayed by the Leave campaign. The Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn, was somewhat halfhearted in his support for the “Remain” camp, reflecting his ambivalence about whether staying in Europe would be the right focus when it comes to helping working people. This referendum has also displayed a major fissure between Britain’s metropolitan elite and the rest of the country, essentially pitting rich versus poor across the normal party divide. “Two nations, in short, are staring at each other across a political chasm,” wrote John Harris in the   Guardian, which supported Remain, but James Bartholomew made the same point in the Spectator magazine, which supported Leave. Those with a university degree supported Remain in large numbers, according to   polls those with little higher education supported Leave in equally large numbers. Major cities, multicultural and replete with immigrants, tended to support Remain, while the countryside and poorer areas along the eastern coast were strongly for Leave. People over 45, and especially retirees, strongly supported Leave, while younger Britons strongly supported Remain. Those with cosmopolitan lives and money were afraid to lose it those whose lives are bounded by England and are struggling with the pressures of globalization and immigration looked for a return to a calmer, more homogeneous past. So the divisions are just as much cultural as economic, and they raise serious questions about Britain’s political coherence and unity, and about how long it may take to heal the wounds made or reopened in this noisy, often vicious campaign. The referendum also sharply exacerbated tensions within the four countries of the United Kingdom and gave a jolt to English nationalism, already on the rise since the Scottish independence referendum failed in 2014. In addition to intensifying demands for another referendum on independence for Scotland, the outcome of the European Union vote may also increase demands in England, which makes up 85 percent of the British population, for its own devolved Parliament to vote on laws concerning only England, just as Parliaments in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland do now for their regions. Amid the overwhelming confusion about the next few years, it will take more than a few reassuring words about a festival of democracy to begin to bring Britain back together. As Mr. Harris warned, “We are in a terrible mess, and it is probably going to take decades to even begin to put things right. ”",0
10973,UConn Women Win Their 91st Straight and Rewrite History Again - The New York Times,"All that was missing from the Connecticut women’s basketball team’s shattering of its own N. C. A. A.  winning streak on Saturday was a sense of drama and amazement.   victories in a row with no end to the winning in sight? “Honestly, I don’t sit here and figure out how many games we’re going to win in a row,” Coach Geno Auriemma said before the Huskies broke out to a   lead and obliterated Southern Methodist in Dallas,   to write the latest chapter in the program’s illustrious history. “We’ve done it before. ” From 2008 to 2010, his team, powered by Maya Moore, chased and overtook the   streak set by the U. C. L. A. men’s team in 1974, peaking at 90 straight before losing to Stanford. Given Connecticut’s dominance of the college women’s game  —   the Huskies have won the last four national titles and a record 11 in all under Auriemma  —   the notion of another lengthy streak was never a question. But when Connecticut finished an unbeaten season last April by routing Syracuse in the national title game for its 75th straight victory, the widespread belief in women’s basketball circles was that the latest streak would quickly end, and that the next edition of the team could lose multiple games. In the 2016 W. N. B. A. draft, the graduating portion of the UConn roster provided the top three picks, including Breanna Stewart, who was named the most outstanding player all four years she played in the Final Four. Going into this season, the Huskies for once lacked a preseason   and they had an undersized front line, a shallow bench and uncertainty at the   point guard position. But they did begin with a belief in the system generated by so much success and by Auriemma, who seldom lacks in  . “Everybody in the whole country has talked about what we’ve lost,” said Kia Nurse, a junior and   national champion. “I personally like playing with a chip on our shoulder. ” That chip has turned into a steamrollering boulder. The streak nearly ended on opening night, at Florida State, when the Seminoles had a   shot in the air for the win. The shot fell short, and nobody has pushed the Huskies that hard since. It wasn’t as if they took the path of least resistance to victory No. 91. Auriemma had joked that everyone was eager to schedule Connecticut this season, when seven of its first 12 games were against Top 25 teams, including road games against No. 2 Notre Dame and No. 4 Maryland, and a home game against No. 3 Baylor. Only the Baylor game was close in the final minutes. Along the way, the Huskies have developed a new Big Three, in the sophomores Katie Lou Samuelson and Napheesa Collier and the junior Gabby Williams. They have never lost a game in the American Athletic Conference their next formidable challenge figures to be a nonconference game at home on Feb. 13 against South Carolina, which is ranked No. 5 in the Associated Press and USA Today Coaches polls. “Women’s basketball is always a little bit under the radar,” Auriemma said after the new record was secured. “But people that follow the game appreciate what this program has done. ” If the streak lasts until the South Carolina game, the Huskies will be shooting for a   No. 100. “Some things you just can’t really explain,” Auriemma said. “You just have to enjoy it. ”",0
10974,Ruined Serbian Orthodox Church Was a Landmark of Old New York - The New York Times,"Standing in ruin on Monday near Madison Square Park was not only a hub of Serbian life in New York City. Standing in ruin was a landmark of old New York. Standing in ruin, too, was a symbol of restless Manhattan a spiritual home for wealthy Episcopalians, the lost souls of the notorious Tenderloin and generations of Orthodox Christians, who knew it as the Cathedral of St. Sava. Peter II, the last king of Yugoslavia, attended services there. In this brownstone house of worship at 15 West 25th Street  —   now scorched and roofless after a fire on Sunday  —   Edith Newbold Jones was married in April 1885 to Edward Robbins Wharton. At the time, the building was a “chapel of ease,” built and run by the parish of Trinity Church on Wall Street to serve the gentry Mrs. Wharton would later write about:    society families who had deserted Lower Manhattan for the pleasant upper reaches of the city, in the East and West 20s. “To provide for the return of a portion at least of our faithful and   friends, it was thought expedient to build a new church at their very door,” the rector of Trinity Church, the Rev. William Berrian, said at the dedication of Trinity Chapel in April 1855. Richard Upjohn was the architect of both the Wall Street mother church and the 25th Street chapel, which the Landmarks Preservation Commission called a rugged version of English Gothic Revival, “reinforced with large buttresses which give it both durability and permanence. ” Prophetically, Trinity Chapel was the setting in 1865 for what The New York Times described as the “first public celebration of the Russian (or Greek) church, not only in this city, but on the American continent. ” The wedding in 1885 of Pussy Jones and Teddy Wharton, as they were called by family and friends, was a quiet affair. It may have been the happiest day of the troubled marriage, which ended in divorce in 1913. It was in 1914 that Trinity’s leaders decided to close the chapel, which was now surrounded by the bad elements of the Tenderloin, a shadowy realm of hotels, saloons, gambling dens and whorehouses. The Rev. Joseph Wilson Sutton was supposed to wind things down as the priest in charge. Instead, surprising everyone, he breathed new life into Trinity Chapel. Enrollment grew. A Sunday school was  . Spiritual healing services were introduced, as was a school for organists. By the start of World War II, however, Trinity parish could no longer afford to keep the chapel open. The property was sold in 1943 to the fledgling Serbian Eastern Orthodox Church of St. Sava, led by the Very Rev. Doushan J. Shoukletovich. A year later, it was elevated to become the first Serbian Orthodox cathedral in America. Lending instant luster to the new cathedral were King Peter II and Queen Alexandra, in exile from Yugoslavia, which abolished the monarchy in 1945. “The thousands of displaced Serbians who are starving and homeless in Europe look to this king as a symbol of unity,” Father Shoukletovich said at the Easter service of 1948. St. Sava suffered its first big structural trauma in 1966, when a bomb exploded at Communist Party headquarters, across West 26th Street from the north side of the cathedral. Whole sections of   were shattered by the blast. But they were later replaced with   windows. Resilience seems to play a large role in the history of St. Sava’s. Make of this what you will, but on Monday the great cross over the entrance was still standing against the sky.",0
10975,Hillary Clinton Is Now Radioactive (VIDEO),"in: Multimedia , Politics (image: Gage Skidmore) Pride goeth before destruction, and an haughty spirit before a fall (King James Bible). Throughout recorded history, hubris has been the Achilles’ Heel of political despots. Hillary Clinton and her political crime machine has been operating above the law for decades, stretching back at least to when Bill Clinton was Governor of Arkansas. “Hillary Clinton is a toilet scrubber for Goldman Sachs” – John Titus on the Shadow of Truth During her 2016 Presidential Campaign, it became routine for her get in front the public and lie with convincing ease. In Greek tragedy, “hubris” was an anti-hero’s excessive pride toward or defiance of the gods, leading to the character’s unforeseen demise. When Hillary was deposed by the FBI about the 33,000 emails on her private server that were wiped clean forever using BleachBit, she assumed her tracks were irrevocably covered up. But it wasn’t just 33,000 emails that were incinerated, reams of evidence including laptops, server back-ups and Blackberries either “disappeared” or were wiped clean. But out of the blue, as if sent to earth from a Higher Power, the FBI in its child pornography investigation of Anthony Weiner stumbled on to a laptop with 650,000 emails that appeared to have been downloaded from Hillary Clinton’s private server. It is highly probable that among this treasure trough of emails will be copies of the 33,000 emails that Hillary arrogantly assumed were wiped from the Universe. Hubris gets ’em every time. But it gets better than that. 650,000 is decade’s worth of emails. It’s also possible that Weiner’s laptop will finally shed the light of Truth on Benghazi. “Jim Comey did not re-open this investigation of to go over old ground. Worse infractions were discovered.” – John Titus In addition to exposing Hillary to all sorts of felonies, here statement to the FBI under oath could be undermined by this unforeseen “Black Swan” event that has engulfed her campaign. The Shadow of Truth is pleased to present John Titus of Best Evidence productions and his unique insight into this event. The two-part podcast covers analysis that has not been presented in either the mainstream or alternative media: Part 1",0
10976,Questions Re Kim DotCom and Wikileaks,Questions Re Kim DotCom and Wikileaks Still no sign of 33K emails. So what Scenario is it?Sceanrio 1: Wikileaks still under Assange Control and DotCom is telling the truth. Kim DotCom Sent Hillary's Emails to Wikileaks. Wikileaks will release the emails to public today.- So where are the emails? - Why didn't wikileaks say we received the emails?Scenario 2: Wikileaks still under Assange Control and DotCom is not telling the truth. Kim DotCom did not Send anything to Wikileaks. - Why didn't wikileaks say we didn't get anything?Sceanrio 3: Wikileaks under .GOV Control and DotCom is telling the truth. Kim DotCom Sent Hillary's Emails to Wikileaks. Wikileaks doesn't release the emails to public today.- If Wikileaks doesn't release mail we know Assange no longer in control- DotCom will have to release the emails to public today or he loses all credibility.Scenario 4: Wikileaks under .Gov control and DotCom is not telling the truth. Kim DotCom did not Send anything to Wikileaks. - We don't see any emails and we have been rick rolled Page 1,0
10977,Teachers’ Union: ’Promote’ LGBT Lifestyles to Two Year Olds to Stop Hate Crime - Breitbart,"Transgender lifestyles and   relationships should be ‘promoted’ to children as young as two to reduce hate crime, the National Union of Teachers (NUT) has said. [Delegates at the union’s national conference in Cardiff on Monday voted for its members to teach about ‘LGBT+’ issues and lifestyles to toddlers starting from nursery school.  Teachers bemoaned a “lack of policies which promote LGBT+ within schools” which they allege has a “significant negative impact” on the   of students and teachers who are homosexual or transgender. It was revealed last month that primary schools will likely be legally obliged to teach pupils about   couples as part of the mandatory relationships curriculum that is due to begin from 2019. But the NUT says the amendment to the Children and Social Work Bill doesn’t go far enough, calling for “  content” on the subject at an even younger age, and for secondary school pupils to be taught more about safe sex in gay relationships. NUT executive committee member Annette Pryce slammed a “right wing, religious lobby” which she blamed for having prevented ministers from proposing a more “inclusive” agenda for sex education. “Generations of young LGBT+ people who have been failed by the system are still not told explicitly in the law that their lives are important too,” Pryce said. They urged ministers to make proposed sex and relationship education (SRE) “inclusive” to so that lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender students “are told explicitly in the law that their lives are important too”. “It is high time that PSHE and SRE  —   including LGBT+ education  —   is recognised as an essential part of the school curriculum,” NUT general secretary Kevin Courtney told the conference. “It is important for a modern   society to understand and embrace differences within our communities. “The alternative is many pupils being isolated, bullied or misinformed and, for many, there is an impact on health and   that can last well beyond school years,” he warned. While teaching sex and relationships is not compulsory for nurseries, it is thought that NUT members working in daycare facilities for two to    could introduce it voluntarily. The Church of England announced that they support the introduction of statutory sex education in schools, and Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby has previously said that children should be taught to “revere” and “honour” LGBT people despite the Church’s   teaching that homosexual acts are a sin. Chief executive at Christian Concern Andrea Williams, however, argued that teaching sex and relationships education (SRE) to    would be “devastating” and risks “robbing them of their innocence”.",0
10978,Вот такая нынче благотворительность,"Происшествия 
Избрание Дональда Трампа президентом США достаточно сильно шокировало весь мир, в том числе, самих американцев. В последние дни сразу в нескольких городах Штатов начали проводиться шумные акции протеста против новоявленного главы государства. Как и всегда в подобных случаях, протесты должен кто-то координировать и финансировать, поскольку сами по себе люди в одно время и в одном месте не соберутся. Если, конечно, это не пункты продажи седьмых Айфонов. Как сообщил информационный портал «Daily Caller», решивший разобраться в ситуации, на этот раз в роли организатора акций выступает некая организация под названием «Progress Unity Found». 
Самое интересное то, что эта организация зарегистрирована как благотворительная, и поэтому даже не платит налоги. По сути своих учредительных документов, это такая же организация, как, к примеру, «Красный Крест». Однако цели перед собой «Progress Unity Found» ставит совсем другие: «обеспечить прогрессивную альтернативу мейнстримной благотворительности». Оказывается, даже в благотворительности есть мейнстрим, который теперь уже совсем не крут, и ему нужна альтернатива. Хорошо оплачиваемая, разумеется. 
Всё то же издание «Daily Caller» выяснило, что «Progress Unity Found» финансово поддерживает коалицию из нескольких правозащитных организаций «Act Now to Stop War and End Racism» («ANSWER»), которая непосредственно и занимается организацией и проведением акций протеста против избрания Трампа. Коалиция считает, что выполняет священную миссию, мобилизуя людей по всей стране и совершая экстренные протестные действия в связи с выбором американцами экстремальной, можно сказать, фанатичной программы развития государства, предложенной Дональдом Трампом. 
Сторонников этой противотрамповой позиции просят активнее раскрывать свои кошельки и оказывать ANSWER финансовую помощь, дабы она могла и далее протестовать по всей стране. В том числе, провести масштабные акции планируется 20-го января будущего года, когда состоится церемония инаугурации Трампа. 
Напомним, что подобные акции, нередко сопровождающиеся массовыми беспорядками и стычками с сотрудниками правоохранительных органов, начались сразу же после объявления результатов выборов. 8 лет назад, после избрания Барака Обамы, в США многие так же говорили о бесперспективности его политики. Правда, до таких масштабных мероприятий протеста под прикрытием благотворительности дело ещё не доходило. Не успели организоваться? Посмотрим, как будет развиваться ситуация, и как проявит себя миллиардер на посту президента. И ещё весьма любопытно, из каких фондов на самом деле финансируется «благотворительность» «Progress Unity Found»?",0
10979,The Impossible Is Happening: Cubs Win World Series and Yes… Hillary Clinton is Now Likely to be Indicted,"I’m running on about an hour and a half of sleep and my nails are damn near chewed to the bone. This because, as a diehard Cubs fan, I was up until nearly 1:00 AM working to come to grips with what I had just witnessed. Once I finally went to bed I found myself tossing and turning so at 3:30 I said screw it… I’m heading to the office.
My beloved Cubbies had just won the World Series, defeating the Cleveland Indians in what is likely to go down as one of the most EPIC game 7 battles in the history of professional baseball. The Cubs haven’t won a World Series since 1908, making this Championship something we Cubs fans could only dream about until it actually happened last night.
As prediction hub FiveThirtyEight put it just a few days ago… the chances were slim. How slim? Slimmer than the odds of Trump winning next Tuesday.

An impossible scenario just become very possible. And fortunately for America, another seemingly impossible scenario is now suddenly started to look very possible.
A Hillary Clinton indictment is now likely .
This coming via FBI sources telling Fox News host Bret Baier that the FBI is moving towards what is “likely an indictment.”
Baier’s report includes the following key points .
1. The Clinton Foundation investigation is far more expansive than anybody has reported so far and has been going on for more than a year.
2. The laptops of Clinton aides Cherryl Mills and Heather Samuelson have not been destroyed, and agents are currently combing through them. The investigation has interviewed several people twice, and plans to interview some for a third time.
3. Agents have found emails believed to have originated on Hillary Clinton’s secret server on Anthony Weiner’s laptop. They say the emails are not duplicates and could potentially be classified in nature.
4. Sources within the FBI have told him that an indictment is “likely” in the case of pay-for-play at the Clinton Foundation, “barring some obstruction in some way” from the Justice Department.
5. FBI sources say with 99% accuracy that Hillary Clinton’s server has been hacked by at least five foreign intelligence agencies, and that information had been taken from it.
That’s a pretty strong case for indictment. Of course, the corrupted DOJ can still do everything in its power to block justice, but it now appears the FBI is throwing DOJ demands out the window.
Gonna be an interesting few days ahead, folks. For those of us who are Cubs fans and news junkies sleep is not on the agenda.
",0
10980,"Rand Paul Mocks Trump Critics on Paris Accord Withdrawal - ’Mass Extinction, Really?’ - Breitbart","Thursday on CNN, Sen. Rand Paul ( ) said the reactions on the left to President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Paris agreement on climate change were “alarmist” and  “ridiculous. ”  Paul said, “We should try to constrain pollution. We should try to control pollution. I think we’ve been doing that for 50 or 60 years. And I think we should continue. But your previous guest sounded like, my goodness, the sky is falling, mass extinction. Really? I don’t think we should be alarmists about this. The planet is 4. 5 billion years old. We have gone through great extremes of climate change natural and now we may have   influence as well. ”  “But these people, the question I always ask the alarmists is how much is nature and how much is man?” he continued. “They act as if it’s a given that man is the only source of climate change. My goodness, the great climate changes in our history happened before the industrial revolution. So is there climate change could man have an impact? Yes, but let’s not be such alarmists that if we don’t sign the Paris accord that there’s going to be mass extinction? That’s a ridiculous statement. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
10981,‘Captain America’ Smites Rory McIlroy in Spirited Duel at Ryder Cup - The New York Times,"CHASKA, Minn.  —   The first Ryder Cup singles match on Sunday was not the best singles match on Sunday. That honor belonged to the duel between the old rivals Phil Mickelson and Sergio García, who generated 19 birdies between them without generating a winner. But the first singles match  —   between Patrick Reed and Rory McIlory  —   was no doubt the most important match played at Hazeltine National Golf Club. McIlroy, Europe’s main man, needed to win it in order to lay the brickwork for another improbable comeback on American soil. Reed, now the United States’ main man in the Ryder Cup, needed to win it in order to send a clear and unmistakable message that this time would be different for a team that has been a   punching bag for most of the last 20 years. “It was important to see some red on the board,” said Davis Love III, the American captain who saw far too much blue on a sunny Midwestern Sunday four years ago at Medinah Country Club, where the Europeans came from way behind to beat his team. Reed gave Love what he needed, beating McIlroy,   in a match that sometimes felt closer to M. M. A. than to PGA. But then Reed, a    from San Antonio, comes from a generation raised on demonstrative sports stars, and on wide receivers signaling first down after a catch. He also has none of the scar tissue from that meltdown at Medinah. He was not yet on the squad, and though he was part of the team that lost to McIlroy and the Euros in Gleneagles, Scotland, in his Ryder Cup debut in 2014, this was Reed’s first Ryder Cup at home. He was, to put it mildly, in his element. “Captain America,” said Jordan Spieth, Reed’s fellow millennial and cheerleader in chief at the tournament. Reed has yet to win a major, but there was no evidence of that at Hazeltine as he pumped fist after fist and sank putt after putt and even chipped in for an eagle on Saturday afternoon on No. 6. There was plenty more on Sunday, and the hole that had the most of everything was No. 8. First, McIlroy sank a   birdie putt, celebrated by shaking more than a leaf in a Nor’easter and then cupped a hand to his ear in defiance of the crowd and the pressure. Reed answered by making a   birdie putt of his own from the fringe and then wagged a finger in McIlroy’s direction. At that mutually antagonistic stage, it would have been no great shock to see Team Europe charge the mound. McIlroy instead cracked a smile, and he and Reed were soon exchanging fist bumps and slaps on the back. “It was all played in the right spirit,” McIlroy said later. “Yes, we mocked each other a little bit, but at the same time, it was all in great fun. ” Perhaps Reed should wear a Team U. S. A. golf shirt at the Masters and the United States Open, too. But then there is  —   for now  —   no replicating Ryder Cup atmosphere at any other golf tournament. “Any time I can wear red, white and blue, play for our country and it happens to be match play, it kind of all just fits in,” Reed explained. “Any time I feel like I can go one on one against somebody, it’s something I love to do. ” The Ryder Cup has no prize money no   points no talented Asians or Australians in the mix. But nothing can make grown golfers weep like this biennial exhibition, which was long a mismatch until the continental Europeans joined the British and the Irish in 1979. That expansion was fully supported by American stars like Jack Nicklaus, who was inside the ropes at the tournament. He marveled at what the Ryder Cup has become, with scores of corporate tents and close to 50, 000 fans lining the greens and fairways singing, chanting and cheering from dawn until late afternoon as if this were a different sport altogether. “Can you believe all the people?” Nicklaus said. The setting had a dark side: hecklers who kept interrupting European shot routines and, worse yet, made jokes that were not funny. But it is hard to think that such a grand scene could do anything but good for a sport often seen as too slow and sedate as it struggles to reach the masses, and above all, the younger masses. The Ryder Cup is not only one of the best events in golf. It’s one of the best events in sports, and Reed grabbed it with both hands this year and refused to let it go. This   victory was unquestionably a team effort. All 12 American players scored at least one point, but Reed was the trend setter and, just as important, the tone setter: clamoring for the toughest assignments and disarming the Europeans at their most dangerous. He did so first with Spieth in team play on Friday and Saturday against Europe’s   pairing of Justin Rose and Henrik Stenson, winning two of their three matches. He then did it again all by his lonesome on Sunday against McIlroy, who looked just as pumped up for the occasion as Reed. “All congratulations to Patrick,” McIlroy said. “He was immense this week. ” Reed and McIlroy were collectively immense over a   stretch on the front nine in which nothing but a birdie could keep them in the conversation and was not necessarily enough to win them a hole. McIlroy discovered that the hard way on the   No. 5 when Reed drove the green  —   usually McIlroy’s forte  —   and then made an eagle putt to erase McIlroy’s early   lead. They would then both birdie the next three holes to remain all square, but the transcendence was in the     details that were not to all the elders’ taste. “Come on, Patrick,” said the veteran coach Butch Harmon, working as an analyst for Sky Sports in Britain. “Show some class. ” It was certainly not the way Nicklaus or his old rival Tony Jacklin would have played it, and surely not entirely in the spirit of Arnold Palmer, whose shadow has been long at this tournament in the wake of his death last Sunday night. But all the loud body language on Sunday was, in truth, much more in tune with the modern Ryder Cup, one in which Europe’s emotional leader has been Ian Poulter. Reduced to a vice captain’s and Sunday spectator’s role this year, he was so often a      tormentor of Americans in recent years. Though McIlroy gave it his best shot, Europe ultimately had no one who could replace Poulter’s    intensity. The Americans sure did, though. And though Reed and McIlroy both looked just about punched out as they made their final climb of this Ryder Cup to the 18th green on Sunday, Reed still had enough left to deliver the knockout blow: one last   birdie putt followed by  —   what else?  —   one last double fist pump.",0
10982,NY Mayoral Candidate Bo Dietl: ’Send the MS-13 Gang Over to Gracie Mansion’ - Breitbart,"New York Mayor Bill de Blasio should be forced to share his mayoral home with   gang members instead of being allowed to impose a “sanctuary city” policy which releases gang members into New York neighborhoods, says independent mayoral candidate Bo Dietl. [“How dare this mayor says ‘We won’t allow ICE or the FBI to do their job,’” Dietl said, shortly after de Blasio upped his opposition to the enforcement of federal immigration laws. “If ‘Big Bird de Blasio’ wants them [ilegals]  in New York, I will tell you what I would do, send the   gang over to Gracie Mansion. ”   He continued: de Blasio has no idea what he is doing regarding this issue   …     We should not allow felons and criminal illegal gang members like   to be in this country. When they go to Rikers Island [jail] these criminals should be turned over to ICE. Public concern about   has risen amid a crime wave by illegal alien   members in New York’s Long Island. Dietl’s stinging criticism of de Blasio was accompanied by a promise to work with other politicians if he gets elected as mayor in November. “I really believe that I can work really well with the governor and stop the antagonistic attitude of this mayor to the governor and to the president,” Dietl said Thursday morning in a Press Conference outside Governor Cuomo’s New York office. “We got to realize one thing  —   whether you like Donald Trump or not, he’s our president for the next four years. There is a word called ‘compromise’ and [de Blasio] needs to compromise with the President and the governor of this great state. ”  Dietl stated as mayor, he would go to Washington to sit down with President Trump and work with the fellow New Yorker on issues such as immigration enforcement and obtaining federal funding for affordable housing and infrastructure.  “I’ll say to him, ‘Mr. President, you love this city. The Brooklyn Bridge is falling and what we need is federal funding from Washington. ’” Dietl said. “Wouldn’t it be good to get as much money as we can out of him instead of being antagonistic with him?” The press conference began with Dietl continuing his push to ask the Governor to open an independent investigation regarding the mayor’s campaign finance violations, despite de Blasio has been cleared by both New York’s federal U. S. Attorney and the Manhattan District Attorney’s office. “This is not over. Just because they didn’t have enough to indict him on criminal charges, there is enough evidence to take de Blasio down on civil charges and make him return that money he raised and fine him,” Dietl said, while reading a   letter he sent to the Governor.  “I want the Governor, who is against corruption to not let de Blasio get away with it. New York City is not a    city. Let keep it clean from corruption,” Dietl said. “New York City needs a mayor for all the people, not just people that will give him money like the big union backers,” Dietl said. “New York will not stand for a mayor as corrupt as him. He talks about the tale of two cities, well he is on the tale of the rich side. ” He added, “Why are we   him. Once he gets   de Blasio is going to become more lazy, he won’t even show up to work. What has this mayor done the past three and a half years to give him the credit to now be  . ” ",0
10983,Comment on Residents Fed Up With ‘Overbearing Presence’ of Police — Entire Department Evicted by FeshonALfliP,"Home / Be The Change / Flex Your rights / Residents Fed Up With ‘Overbearing Presence’ of Police — Entire Department Evicted Residents Fed Up With ‘Overbearing Presence’ of Police — Entire Department Evicted The Free Thought Project October 30, 2016 2 Comments 
An East Bay police department is now looking for a new office after being kicked out by their landlord. 
The Lafayette Police Department is being evicted from Desco Plaza because there are not enough parking spots for all of their police cruisers. According to city manager Steven Falk, the overbearing presence of cruisers is impacting tenants in the building, affecting their ability to park their own vehicles. 
In a council meeting earlier this week, Blomstrand referenced “a growing force and too many police cars crammed into his property” as reasons for evicting the department. 
Each tenant gets ten parking spaces, but the department is using forty. 
Desco Plaza owner Curt Blomstrand has told the department that it must leave as soon as its lease ends at the end of the year. Contributed by Ryan Banister of The Daily Sheeple . Share screminmimi 
When they call for help tell them you don’t want to jam up the parking spaces. FeshonALfliP 
Good. Go terrorize somebody else. Social",0
10984,WE NOW HAVE PROOF OBAMACARE WAS DESIGNED TO FAIL…AND HERE’S WHY,Home › VIDEO › WE NOW HAVE PROOF OBAMACARE WAS DESIGNED TO FAIL…AND HERE’S WHY WE NOW HAVE PROOF OBAMACARE WAS DESIGNED TO FAIL…AND HERE’S WHY 0,0
10985,"Terrorists' Strategic Bastion Facing Collapse in Southwestern of Syria's Aleppo, Civilians Attack Terrorists' Food Stuff Warehouses","The Syrian army and Hezbollah resistance forces continued their military operations in Aleppo province, and managed to push back a large number of terrorists from al-Rashedeen region which is the most important concentration point of the terrorists in Southwestern Aleppo. 5 Shares
4 0 0 1
The pro-government troops could bring the terrorists in al-Rashedeen region to verge of collapse after taking full control of Housing Project 1070 and al-Hikma school in the Southwestern part of Aleppo.
The Syrian government forces who have been trying to take back the towns of Rashedeen 4 and 5 started the new phase of their military operations on Thursday by hitting hard the terrorists' military positions in al-Rashedeen 4 and 5 towns with artillery shells.
The Syrian air force, for its part, pounded the terrorists' positions in al-Rashedeen 4 and 5 towns.
Some news media also reported the start of the Syrian army's new operations in Zahiya al-Assad and Jamiat al-Zahra to the West of Aleppo.
Also in Northwestern Aleppo, the missile and artillery units of the Syrian army hit the terrorists' positions in the towns of Andan, Kafr Hamra and Ma'aret al-Artiq as well as their surrounding areas.
MORE... Russian Navy Fleet Starts Strikes at Terrorists' Positions in Syria's Aleppo Jaish Al-Fatah Leader Admits Receiving Financial, Military Aid from Saudi Arabia Why do we only hear of the “humanitarian crisis in Aleppo” and not everywhere else in Syria? Is Maintaining Assad the Least Worst Option? Army sources disclosed on Wednesday that pro-government troops are making final coordination for a massive offensive on Jeish al-Fatah terrorists in the Eastern parts of Aleppo city.
""As the army's 24-hour ultimatum to the terrorists to leave the city came to an end and as relative calm has prevailed over the Western and Southwestern parts of Aleppo, the army, the Lebanese Hezbollah fighters and special forces are getting ready to start attacking militants' defense line from several Eastern and Southern flanks,"" an army officer said.
Meantime, he appreciated the Russian help, saying, ""The Russian air and naval back up will speed up the Syrian army's advances in the operation.""
""Government forces are about to start their operation against the terrorists in Aleppo any moment,"" he added.
Local sources disclosed earlier on Wednesday that civilians in the Eastern districts of Aleppo city took to the streets to oppose Jeish al-Fatah's rule in the city, calling on the militants to leave Aleppo immediately.
""Unprecedented clashes between people and terrorists have pushed the Eastern neighborhoods of Aleppo city into a new wave of tensions,"" sources said, adding, ""People have taken part in demonstrations across the districts of Bostan al-Qasr and al-Kelaseh, calling on the terrorists to leave the city now.""
""People have also attacked terrorists' food stuff warehouses, fighting with the militants for looting their food stuff from their neighborhoods,"" the sources added.
The sources went on to say that terrorists have arrested a number of demonstrators, hitting them badly.
Civilians in militant-held districts of Aleppo are tired of terrorist groups' measures, including suppression of people and banning food and medicine for the families who prevent their young sons from joining the terrorist groups.
Meantime, Tens of fighter jets launched airstrikes on terrorists' positions in Aleppo on Tuesday to herald the long-awaited ground operations to capture the Eastern parts of the city.
Tens of warplanes started massive air assaults on enemy targets in the Eastern parts of Aleppo on Tuesday after three weeks of lull and as Russia's Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft carrier launched combat operations in Syria, the Arabic-language al-Mayadeen news channel reported.
The airstrikes started after several humanitarian pauses declared by the Syrian army and Russia to give a chance to the civilian population as well as the militants to leave the Eastern parts of the city through 8 corridors. Thousands of civilians left the city in the first few days, but militants blocked their exist paths, threatening to kill anyone who dares to approach the passages opened by the army. The terrorists aim to use the civilian population as a human shield.
The last such pause was declared on Monday when the army gave a 24-hour lone ultimatum to the Jeish al-Fatah coalition of terrorist groups to leave the flash point city. The deadline was not met by the militants, though.
Defense experts believe that the blitzkrieg is the first part of the long-awaited army operations in Eastern Aleppo to take back the entire city. Aleppo is halved into the government-ruled West and militant-held East. The militants rejected a guaranteed exit to relocate to Idlib or other militant-ruled territories in the hope that over 30,000 fresh forces would penetrate the city through the Southwestern front to lift the army's several-month-long siege on Eastern Aleppo.
Jeish al-Fatah lost thousands of militants in over two weeks of bloody war in Southern and Southwestern Aleppo, but failed to open a corridor for entrapped friends in the East.
The massive airstrikes in Aleppo come as Russia's Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft-carrying cruiser began combat operations in Syria.
Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu announced earlier that Russian frigate Admiral Grigorovich launched missiles on terrorist targets in Syria.
""Today, we started a major operation to launch massive strikes on ISIL and al-Nusra Front (also known as Fatah al-Sham Front) targets in the Idlib and Homs provinces in Syria,"" Shoigu said at a meeting with the ministry’s leadership and defense enterprises.
""For the first time in history of Russian Navy, Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft-carrying cruiser has begun military operations,"" Shoigu said.
Russian naval task force in Syria is reliably protected by Bastion Coastal Defense Missile Systems and Pantsir systems, the minister said.
Also, General Command of the Syrian Army announced earlier that the country's soldiers and popular forced are about to hit Jeish al-Fatah's positions in the Eastern districts of Aleppo from nine different flanks.
""Our forces, including very well trained units, are deployed in nine different fronts and are waiting for the specified deadline,"" the command center said in a statement.
Other informed sources disclosed that the Syrian army has prepared a large number of forces, who are expert in street battle and are equipped with lethal weapons, ready to start final the battle with the terrorist groups.
The sources also added that these forces will be backed up by the missile and air support of the Syrian and Russian force",0
10986,Rep. Gowdy on the impact of the FBI’s new Clinton inquiry,"‹ › Debbie Menon is an independent writer based in Dubai. She is Editor-in-Chief of VeteransNewsNow.com Her main focus are the US-Mid-East Conflicts. Her writing has been featured in several print and online publications in the Middle East. She is committed to exposing (AIPAC) the Israel Lobby's control of American policy for the Middle East. Control which amounts to treason by the Zionist Lobbies in America and its stooges in Congress, and that guarantees there can never be a peaceful resolution of the Middle East conflicts, only catastrophe for all, in the region and the world. Her focus is Israel’s drift towards greater oppression of the Palestinian people; the political deceptions and crisis in Syria and Ukraine; the cold hard facts about America’s so-called ‘war on terror’ and grim future; countering the propaganda war towards Iran & Russia and calling attention to, the new, developing, promising, strategic alliances as a consequence. Her mission is to inform and educate the public on issues of the US/Middle East conflicts that are unreported, underreported, or distorted in the Zionist owned American Media. Her writing reflects the incredible resilience, almost superhuman steadfastness of the occupied and oppressed Palestinians, who are now facing the prospect of a final round of ethnic cleansing. Her mission is to inform and educate internet viewers seeking unfiltered information about real events on issues of the US/Middle East conflicts that are unreported, underreported, or distorted in the American media. Her purpose is to look at the current reality from a different and critical perspective, not to simply rehash the pro-US/Israel perspective, smoke and mirrors that has been allowed to utterly and completely dominate Mainstream discourse. PS: For those of her detractors that think she is being selective and even “one sided,” tough, that is the point of her work, to present an alternative view and interpretation of the US-Israel-Middle East conflict, that has been completely ignored in mainstream discourse and denied the US public. Oh, and she is not Muslim or Palestinian and not married to one either! She is practicing Roman catholic. Rep. Gowdy on the impact of the FBI’s new Clinton inquiry By Debbie Menon on October 31, 2016 BRAVO! Rep. Gowdy. Senator Trey Gowdy is an American attorney, politician and former prosecutor. He currently serves as the U.S. Representative for South Carolina’s 4th congressional district. 
Senator Trey Gowdy is right, timing is consequence of decisions Hillary made period. Jim Comey’s obligation is to the public. 
Senator (Harry) Reid is simply “just another” one of the political hacks who populate that massive brothel we call Capitol Hill. Senator Reid and others are aware of the treasonous and criminal nature of the Clintons. 
Hillary Clinton is probably guilty of many things which have not surfaced as openly or as clearly, so lets not scapegoat Huma Abedine and her husband. Hillary is obviously guilty as sin of malfeasance of office and negligence, for the very fact that she exposed her country’s secrets to hackers, knowingly using a private server to conduct State Department business with the outside world and should be called to account for it. Period. 
It is people like Bill & Hillary who have become to Big to Fall and the basic problems and causes of the fundamental failures in US Government. Two of the major rotten apples in the barrel, and these are probably two of the most obvious who should be prosecuted not only as examples to the others, but for delivery of the justice which they have earned… and which the citizens of America deserve! 
Instead of rewarding them by returning them to the Oval office, they should be investigated, and they should be held accountable. Americans can live in a State of Law and Justice, or a State of suppression, injustice, corruption and subjugation to powerful politicians. It is their choice! 
Published on Oct 30, 2016 Chairman of the House Select Committee on Benghazi, Rep. Gowdy, weighs in on ‘Special Report’",0
10987,This Sucker’s Rally Is Done—-Soon Comes The Carnage,"This Sucker's Rally Is Done----Soon Comes The Carnage By David Stockman.   This is about as irrational as it gets. Financial markets are heading straight into a perfect storm of central bank failure, bond market carnage, a worldwide recession and a spectacular fiscal bloodbath in Washington. Investors should be heading for the hills with all deliberate speed.  ",0
10988,WHO cancer agency under fire for withholding ‘carcinogenic glyphosate’ documents,"The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), facing criticism over its classification of carcinogens, has reportedly been advising its scientific experts not to publish internal research data on its 2015 report on “probably carcinogenic” glyphosate. The IARC urged its scientists not to publish research documents on its 2015 weedkiller glyphosate review, according to Reuters. The agency told Reuters on Tuesday that it tried to protect the study from “external interference,” as well as protect its intellectual rights, since it was “the sole owner of such materials.” 
The scientists had been asked earlier to release all the documentation on the 2015 report under US freedom of information laws.
The groundbreaking review, published in March 2015 by the IARC – a semi-autonomous agency of the World Health Organization (WHO) – labeled the glyphosate herbicide as “probably carcinogenic to humans.” Glyphosate is a key ingredient of Monsanto’s flagship weedkiller well-known under the trade name ‘Roundup.’ It is one of the most heavily used herbicides in the world and is designed to go along with genetically-modified “Roundup Ready” crops, also produced by Monsanto.
The IARC’s report caused problems for both the notorious agrochemical giant and the agency itself.
The report sparked a heated debate around the use of Roundup, and caused several EU countries – including France, Sweden, and the Netherlands – to object to the renewal of the glyphosate’s EU license. The vote on prolonging the glyphosate license for 15 years failed several times in June 2016, but the license was temporarily extended for 18 months during last hours before its expiration.
The controversial report has seemingly made the IARC a target for attacks from multiple directions, and raised scientific, legal, and financial questions.
Various critics, including those in the chemical industry, said the IARC’s evaluations are fuel for “unnecessary health scares,” since the IARC allegedly studies the potentially harmful substance itself, and not a “typical human” exposure to it. It remained unclear whether the critics urged a WHO body to test the potentially carcinogenic chemical on humans.
The critics also brought up other controversial statements from the IARC, over whether such things as mobile phones, coffee, red meat, and processed meat could cause cancer.
The agency defended its methods as scientifically sound and “widely respected for their scientific rigor, standardized and transparent process and…freedom from conflicts of interest.” Numerous freedom of information requests by the Energy & Environment Legal Institute (E&E Legal), a US conservative advocacy group, have since been turned down with this reasoning.
E&E Legal told Reuters that it is pushing a legal challenge over whether the documents in question belong to the IARC or to the US federal and state institutions where some of the experts work. Basically, it’s being decided whether the IARC, as part of the WHO, is truly independent and free from “conflicts of interest.” 
According to Reuters, officials from the US National Institutes of Health (NIH) will be questioned by a congressional committee about why American taxpayers fund the cancer agency, which faces much criticism over its allegedly faulty classification of carcinogens.
“IARC’s standards and determinations for classifying substances as carcinogenic, and therefore cancer-causing, appear inconsistent with other scientific research, and have generated much controversy and alarm,” a letter from US Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz to NIH director Francis Collins states, as quoted by Reuters.
The Oversight Committee demanded a full disclosure of NIH funding of the IARC, and even money spent in relation to the cancer agency’s activities.
IARC opponents from scientific circles vowed to provide their data on the matter. The European Food Safety Authority (EFSA), which believes glyphosate is “unlikely pose a carcinogenic hazard to humans,” promised to release its raw data on the subject as part of its “commitment to open risk assessment.” The food safety watchdog made this statement in late September, and still has to deliver the promised information.
Source: RT News 
",0
10989,“The Largest Unprosecuted Charity Fraud Ever Attempted”.,"“The Largest Unprosecuted Charity Fraud Ever Attempted”. November 07, 2016 ormer U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton speaks during a news conference at the United Nations in New York in this March 10, 2015 file photo. 
Before WikiLeaks Podesta emails were released, Wall street investment analyst Charles Ortel called the Clinton Foundation “the largest unprosecuted charity fraud ever attempted” 
The Wall Street investment analyst, has been looking into the Clinton Foundation since the spring of 2015. Ortel explains why he believes the Clinton Foundation is a “crooked charity cooking the books” with over $2 billion dollars in revenue, in an exclusive video interview for The Daily Caller News Foundation. 
The Clintons, according to Ortel, have figured out how to turn their public service into a business. This charity is “a perfect gathering place and a front” to act as if you are helping others, when in fact they bring powerful people together, concocting deals and making people rich, including the Clinton's, Ortel says. 
Ortel’s charges raise the specter that the IRS and other government agencies are picking winners and losers for charities now with two sets of rules. Tea party groups, as well as Democrat Congresswoman Corrine Brown, who is facing over 300 years in prison for her $800,000 slush fund, faced the wrath of government, while the $2 billion Clinton charity that bends rules, goes without scrutiny, he says. Ortel gave a candid evaluation of the Democratic candidate, he said the Clinton's are not “worthy to clean the brass on the White House doorknobs” let alone be the leader of the free world.  ",0
10990,Hillary Planning Violent Mob Attacks If Trump Wins,"Hillary Planning Violent Mob Attacks If Trump Wins Clinton campaign will continue to pay protesters to cause chaos if she loses Infowars.com - October 28, 2016 Comments 
Hillary Clinton said Trump’s words hurt people, but it was Hillary’s commands to DNC thugs on the ground that resulted in many injuries. 
She then blamed the Violence on Trump’s rhetoric. 
Thanks To James O’Keefe and Project Veritas we were able to show the planning that went in to inciting violence on the ground and the outcome once their plans came together. NEWSLETTER SIGN UP Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars Crew. Related Articles",0
10991,Former Black Panther: ’Illegitimate Congressman’ John Lewis ’Presided Over Destruction Of Black People’ - Breitbart,"Black   conservative author and activist Mason Weaver says after taking a beating for civil rights, Rep. John Lewis ( .) joined his “oppressors” in the Democratic Party and has since assisted in the “destruction of black America. ”[“He was fighting Democrats. And after they beat his behind on the [Edmund Pettus Bridge in 1965] and ran over him and stumped him in the ground, he got up and turned and joined,” Weaver said Monday on Tucker Carlson Tonight.   “He joined the oppressors and became a stooge for them,” Weaver said of Lewis, who is “now sitting and presiding over the destruction of the black community the destruction of black men the destruction of black women, with drugs and gangs. ” “He more concerned about Trump being the illegitimate President,” Weaver said, “but John Lewis is the illegitimate Congressman. ” Weaver was responding to the war of words between   Donald Trump and Rep. Lewis. On Friday, Lewis described Trump’s election as “illegitimate” because of a Russian “conspiracy. ” “I don’t see the   as a legitimate president. I think there was a conspiracy on the part of the Russians, and others, that helped him get elected,” Lewis told NBC’s Chuck Todd. Trump fired back, urging the Georgia Democrat to “spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. ” However, Weaver believes the spotlight should be turned on the longtime Democratic lawmaker and his record. “He has presided over the worst school system in the world, where black people are learning to only be gang prep,” Weaver said of Lewis. “I’m outraged that the demonstration that he had early in his life has turned into a subjugation of his right and authority as a black leader. ” Weaver says not only has Lewis failed his constituents  —   which consist of most of Atlanta, Georgia  —   but the “Congressional Communist Black Caucus that has every district they own and control is a ghetto hellhole. ” Weaver challenged Rep. Lewis to “apologize” to the American people for joining the Democratic “party of abuse,” which has “always been the party of the Klan the party that went to war to keep slaves the party that’s always been the destruction of black people. ” Rep. Lewis “has gotten rich and his people have gotten poorer,” Weaver said. “The black caucus has gotten more power and influence, and the black people they preside over have gotten poorer  —   more drugs, more gangs, less businesses, less home ownership, less education, more jails. ” Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @jeromeehudson",0
10992,Penguins and Baby Iguana ‘will not follow Planet Earth 2 to Channel Four’,"Monday 7 November 2016 by Alex Marsh Penguins and Baby Iguana ‘will not follow Planet Earth 2 to Channel Four’ 
Channel Four’s plans to build on the success of ‘Planet Earth 2’ have been dealt a blow with the announcement that penguins and baby iguanas will not be leaving the BBC for the commercial channel. 
“The BBC have been good to us over the years,” said an iguana. 
“We’ve built up good relationships, and are keen to explore other projects with them; perhaps a gardening show.” 
In a concise statement, the penguins simply announced that they had decided not to ‘follow the fish’. 
Scuttling land crabs to transfer 
The decision by the penguins and baby iguanas leaves weird scuttling land crabs as the only creature to have committed to Channel Four. 
Agents for creepy leaping snakes and icky acid-squirting ants said that their clients had been approached to fill the void, but had so far reached no agreement with the channel. 
A three-toed sloth declined to comment. Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently ",0
10993,"Saudis Bankroll Taliban, Even as King Officially Supports Afghan Government - The New York Times","KABUL, Afghanistan  —   Fifteen years, half a trillion dollars and 150, 000 lives since going to war, the United States is trying to extricate itself from Afghanistan. Afghans are being left to fight their own fight. A surging Taliban insurgency, meanwhile, is flush with a new inflow of money. With their nation’s future at stake, Afghan leaders have renewed a plea to one power that may hold the key to whether their country can cling to democracy or succumbs to the Taliban. But that power is not the United States. It is Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia is critical because of its unique position in the Afghan conflict: It is on both sides. A longtime ally of Pakistan, Saudi Arabia has backed Islamabad’s promotion of the Taliban. Over the years, wealthy Saudi sheikhs and rich philanthropists have also stoked the war by privately financing the insurgents. All the while, Saudi Arabia has officially, if coolly, supported the American mission and the Afghan government and even secretly sued for peace in clandestine negotiations on their behalf. The contradictions are hardly accidental. Rather, they balance  conflicting needs within the kingdom, pursued through both official policy and private initiative. The dual tracks allow Saudi officials plausibly to deny official support for the Taliban, even as they have turned a blind eye to private funding of the Taliban and other   Sunni groups. The result is that the Saudis  —   through private or covert channels  —   have tacitly supported the Taliban in ways that make the kingdom an indispensable power broker. In interviews with The New York Times, a former Taliban finance minister described how he traveled to Saudi Arabia for years raising cash while ostensibly on pilgrimage. The Taliban have also been allowed to raise millions more by extorting “taxes” by pressing hundreds of thousands of Pashtun guest workers in the kingdom and menacing their families back home, said Vali Nasr, a former State Department adviser. Yet even as private Saudi money backed the Taliban, Saudi intelligence once covertly mediated a peace effort that Taliban officials and others involved described in full to The Times for the first time. Playing multiple sides of the same geopolitical equation is one way the Saudis further their own strategic interests, analysts and officials say. But it also threatens to undermine the fragile democratic advances made by the United States in the past 15 years, and perhaps undo efforts to liberalize the country. The United States now finds itself trying to persuade its putative ally to play a constructive rather than destructive role. Meanwhile, the Afghans have come to view Saudi Arabia as both friend and foe. The question now, as Afghan officials look for help, is which Saudi Arabia will they get? Prince Turki   who led the Saudi intelligence agency for over 24 years and later served as ambassador to the United States until his retirement in 2007, rejected any suggestion that Saudi Arabia had ever supported the Taliban. “When I was in government, not a single penny went to the Taliban,” he wrote in emailed comments. He added that the “stringent measures taken by the kingdom to prevent any transfer of money to terrorist groups” had been recognized by Daniel L. Glaser, the United States assistant secretary for terrorist financing at the Treasury, in testimony to Congress in June. Others say the verdict is still out. “We know there has been this financing that has gone on for years,” Hanif Atmar, director of the Afghan National Security Council, said in an interview. “This sustains the terrorist war machine in Afghanistan and in the region, and it will have to be stopped. ” That may be easier said than done. Saudi Arabia remains one of the main sources of what Secretary of State John Kerry recently called “surrogate money” to support Islamist fighters and causes. Much of that largess is spread about in pursuit of what Mr. Nasr describes as a Saudi strategy of building a wall of Sunni radicalism across South and Central Asia to contain Iran, its Shia rival. That competition is being rekindled. With the Americans leaving, there is the sense that Afghanistan’s fate is up for grabs. In recent months, the Taliban has mounted a coordinated offensive with about 40, 000 fighters across eight provinces  —   a push financed by foreign sources at a cost of $1 billion, Afghan officials say. At the same time, Saudi Arabia is offering the Afghan government substantial defense and development agreements, while Afghans say sheikhs from Saudi Arabia and other Arab Persian Gulf states are quietly funneling billions in private money to Sunni organizations, madrasas and universities to shape the next generation of Afghans. “The Saudis are ” said Mr. Nasr, now dean of the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, in a telephone interview. “Afghanistan is important to them, which is why they invested so much in the 1980s, and they are looking to make themselves much more relevant. ” The   Taliban theocracy in Afghanistan was coming to a fiery end. It was 2001, and the Taliban government was collapsing under United States bombing unleashed in retaliation for the Sept. 11 attacks. Disguising himself as a doctor, Agha Jan Motasim, the Taliban finance minister, escaped over a remote border crossing into Pakistan aboard a Red Crescent ambulance, he said in a recent interview. In the Pakistani border town of Quetta, he and other Taliban leaders regrouped and began organizing the insurgency that continues today. Mr. Motasim was appointed head of the finance committee. One of his first stops was Saudi Arabia. As home to both enormous oil wealth and Islam’s holiest sites, it was the perfect place to make appeals not only to rich Saudi sheikhs and foundations but also to important donors who traveled to the kingdom on pilgrimage from all over the Muslim world. Between 2002 and 2007, Mr. Motasim traveled to Saudi Arabia two or three times a year. Ostensibly he went on pilgrimage, but his primary purpose was to raise cash for the Taliban. “There were people coming from other countries for umrah and hajj,” he said referring to the different Muslim pilgrimages. “Also the Saudi sheikhs would come as well. I would ask them for their help for the war. ” “It was not only the Saudis who would help us but people who would come from different countries,” he recalled. “Saudi Arabia was the only country where I could meet them. ” Once secured, the money could be moved in myriad ways to Taliban coffers, officials said, including through regional banks near Pakistan’s tribal areas and the hawala system of informal  . Last year, Afghan security forces even discovered families of Al Qaeda members entering eastern Afghanistan with a stash of gold bars, Rahmatullah Nabil, former head of Afghanistan’s intelligence agency, the National Directorate of Security, said. The Saudi authorities often say they cannot control or always identify the millions of Muslims who travel to the kingdom every year on the hajj, said Barnett Rubin, who worked as special adviser to the United States envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan. The Taliban always traveled on fake Pakistani passports under assumed names and were unknown to Saudi authorities, said a security official in the region, who spoke on condition of strict anonymity, citing the extreme sensitivity to upsetting Saudi Arabia. American requests to cut the funding yielded little result. In 2009, American officials complained that the Taliban and other extremist groups were raising millions of dollars during annual pilgrimages, according to American diplomatic cables released by WikiLeaks. A December 2009 cable from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton stated that donors in Saudi Arabia constituted the “most significant source of funding to Sunni terrorist groups worldwide. ” The cables date from a period when Richard C. Holbrooke, who died in 2010, acted as special envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan, and actively sought to curb funding to the Taliban and Al Qaeda. The funding from the gulf extended well beyond that period and to other groups besides the Taliban, including the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL. In a leaked email from 2014, Mrs. Clinton described the governments of Qatar and Saudi Arabia as “providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL and other radical Sunni groups in the region. ” Financing such groups, she wrote, was part of a contest between Qatar and Saudi Arabia, who were in “ongoing competition to dominate the Sunni world. ” It was September 2008, the holy month of Ramadan, and King Abdullah was hosting an iftar dinner in Mecca. But this was no routine breaking of the fast at sunset. The feast was an important signal of the king’s personal support for a covert yet still evolving peace effort. Among the dozens of guests were Afghan officials and elders, as well as former Taliban members. Within months, at a more discreet venue in the Red Sea port of Jidda, the Saudi intelligence agency convened Afghanistan’s chief adversaries to hash out a peace deal. Mr. Motasim, the same man who had been collecting money for the insurgency, was named by the Taliban as its representative. On the other side, the emissary for President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan was his brother, Qayum Karzai. During three days of intense discussions  —   breaking at intervals when the men locked horns  —   a Saudi intermediary nudged the two sides forward. The peace effort had begun in 2006. The initial broker was Abdullah Anas, an Algerian who had won credibility by fighting the Soviets for 10 years in Afghanistan. In an interview, Mr. Anas said his decision to seek out the Saudis as a   mediator was obvious, because of the kingdom’s special status as home to Islam’s two holiest sites and its support during the fight against the Soviet occupation. “Even in a very far village in Afghanistan, Saudi means something,” said Mr. Anas, who today runs Al Magharibia, a satellite television channel based in London. Still, getting the Saudis on board took some persuading. The events of   had deeply embarrassed them. Both the kingdom and the United States had nurtured the mujahedeen to push out a Soviet occupation in the 1980s, but the subsequent behavior of the Taliban infuriated the Americans. Harboring Osama bin Laden was the last straw. For the Saudis, it was more complicated. Even when the Taliban refused to hand over Bin Laden  —   Prince Turki, the Saudi intelligence chief, requested it in person in 1998  —   the kingdom still did not break with them. Saudi Arabia supported the Taliban government up to 2001 and beyond, in alignment with Pakistan, the kingdom’s main ally to check Iranian influence in the region. “The problem is Saudi Arabia sees Afghanistan through the lenses of Pakistan,” Mr. Anas said, describing a prime challenge of his peace initiative. To achieve peace, Mr. Anas said he wanted to encourage the Saudis to build a relationship with Afghanistan directly. People involved in the effort  —   who spoke on condition of anonymity because the process was conducted in confidentiality  —   say King Abdullah was moved to back the effort out of a sense of compassion. He did so, they said, even in the face of resistance from other Saudi royals who were unhappy with the American occupation. Yet others were wary of further involvement in Afghanistan. To overcome Saudi reluctance, Mr. Anas took the Saudi emissary to Afghanistan to show that it remained a freely practicing Muslim society, despite the presence of American troops. President Karzai wrote King Abdullah, who had ascended to the throne in August 2005, a deferential letter requesting his intercession. It worked. King Abdullah met the Afghan leader at the door of his plane on a pilgrimage visit. Mr. Karzai still speaks highly of his friendship with King Abdullah, who died in 2015. “He would never, never, never leave my call unanswered,” he recounted in an interview. “The same day he would get back to me, talk to me and do all that I asked. ” The Saudi intelligence chief, Prince Muqrin bin Abdul Aziz, personally oversaw the negotiations, sending his emissary between Mr. Motasim of the Taliban and the Afghan government for two years. But when talks neared a critical endpoint, the Taliban were gripped by a vicious power struggle. The Saudi demand that the Taliban renounce terrorism and its ties to Al Qaeda was never met. Mr. Motasim was accused of embezzlement and removed. The next year, 2010, his main protector, Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar, the Taliban’s chief operational commander, was arrested in Pakistan, while an assassin shot Mr. Motasim and left him for dead outside his home in Karachi, though he survived. Both events were interpreted as Pakistan’s opposition to any peace process being negotiated without its participation, several of those involved in the process say. “It was then that this process was sabotaged,” Mr. Motasim said. King Abdullah intimated to President Karzai in 2010 that there were obstructions beyond his control. “I wish to help Afghanistan,” Mr. Karzai recalled the king’s saying. “I want it to be peaceful, I want you to sit down and talk to the Taliban, but you must recognize that all I can do is what Saudi can do. “That was a very meaningful word,” Mr. Karzai concluded, “meaning that there were other forces who were probably not willing to allow this to happen. ” Despite those covert efforts, the Saudi kingdom, publicly and officially, has been largely absent in Afghanistan. While paying lip service to the American mission, Saudi Arabia has not built a significant project in its own name in Afghanistan in 15 years. Yet official Saudi neglect stands in stark contrast to the wealth of private Saudi funding that has done more than bolster the Taliban and allied militant groups in the region. It has also spawned hundreds of universities, madrasas and radical groups that have extended Sunni influence and that Afghans fear are sowing seeds of future turmoil. One of those Afghans is Nisar Karimzai, who runs a small research office, the Organization for Research of Peace and Stability. During the Soviet occupation, Mr. Karimzai went to school in Pakistan, where he fell in with a Sunni extremist crowd. “They teach that the Shia are not Muslim,” he recalled, referring to Shiites. He eventually discarded extremist thinking. But his own experience made him wary when he saw a cousin become involved with an Islamist group called Jamiat Eslah. “I recognize the way they are training them,” Mr. Karimzai said. “It was exactly the same way they taught me. “Personally I am scared,” Mr. Karimzai added. “In five years we will face a danger from them. One day they will fight and we will have a very big problem. ” Jamiat Eslah promotes a strict Islamist worldview and describes itself as a   nonpolitical organization focused on humanitarian and educational work. But the size of its operations, with 40 to 50 buildings including offices, a university and a hospital, indicates substantial outside funding, said Mr. Nabil, a former head of Afghan intelligence. The group’s bank accounts show no foreign bank transfers, according to an internal government report. Nevertheless, the report concluded that the group is financed by sources in Saudi Arabia, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates. The group is just one of a proliferating number that have sprouted in recent years as Sunni Arabs from the Persian Gulf compete with Shiite Iran for influence here. The Iranians, too, have been busy building madrasas, universities and cultural centers for the Shiite population, and even a road to the border with Iran. The rivalry underlying the scale of such competing funding, Afghan officials and others warn, spells trouble. In 2001, Afghanistan had just 1, 000 madrasas. Today, there are more than 4, 000, the majority of them built in the last few years. After a summer and fall of violent attacks, including at the American University of Afghanistan  and against Shiite gatherings, Afghans worry at the growing sectarian tilt of Sunni extremist groups. Hajji Abdul Qahar Abed, who serves as chief of staff to the chief executive of the government, Abdullah Abdullah, warns that after decades of war and dislocation, Afghans are particularly vulnerable. “My personal fear is that their associates will lead them somewhere that will hurt the people again,” he said of Jamiat Eslah. Another youth movement gaining traction is Hisb   a secretive,   group that has a wide underground following in Central Asia, according to several government officials. Officials and former insiders of the group said they believed it was funded by foreigners including Saudis and other gulf Arabs, as well as donors in Egypt and Europe. “They want to reach as many people as they can and bring them into the party and eventually strengthen their ranks and announce a caliphate,” said Massoud Rahimi, a student at Kabul University, who said he declined when a cousin tried to recruit him. “It is going to put Afghanistan on the road of conflict,” he said. Upon his election 2014, Afghanistan’s current president, Ashraf Ghani, chose Saudi Arabia for his first official trip. Then five months later, after a second trip to meet the new Saudi king, Salman bin   Al Saud, Mr. Ghani pledged Afghan support for the Saudi military coalition for Yemen. In return, Mr. Ghani wanted Saudi Arabia’s rulers to stop the flow of funds from rich Saudi sheikhs to the Taliban and encourage the Taliban back into negotiations. “The signs are positive,” said Mr. Atmar of the National Security Council. “We have not yet seen concrete movements against this, but we believe that we have a strong commitment. ” Yet other Afghan officials and local diplomats are deeply skeptical. One diplomat in Kabul said tracking the flow of illegal money was virtually impossible. Another, who had served in Saudi Arabia, doubted that Riyadh would change, adding that the vast royal family is split into fiefs often working at odds with each other. The scale of the Taliban’s recent offensive also has left many Afghans wary. “The level of finance, the level of logistical support in terms of weapons and other materials, and the level of organizational support in terms of leadership of the war they have received is unprecedented,” said Nader Nadery, chief adviser on strategic affairs to the president. “It clearly indicates a declared war against Afghanistan,” he added, accusing Pakistan, the stalwart Saudi ally. Mr. Abdullah, Afghanistan’s chief executive, recently led a delegation to Saudi Arabia. They went seeking investment, but also asked Saudi leaders to press Pakistan to end its safe haven for terrorists, a request President Karzai also made repeatedly. “They said they will do that, and they said they will try in the gulf region to use their influence to mobilize against terrorism,” said Nasrullah Arsalai, director general of the council of ministers secretariat in Afghanistan, who was part of the delegation.  “Saudi Arabia knows if we fight together, it means the Taliban will not be able to bring money from there,” he said. Yet Ruhullah Wakil, a tribal elder who is now a member of the Afghan peace council says he, too, recently beseeched Saudi officials to sponsor the work of the council, which is authorized to pursue negotiations. The Saudis were uninterested. “They are deaf,” he said. “We asked them to help. We asked them even just to give us some dates to serve to guests. “But they gave us nothing. ”",0
10994,Patients Lose Sight After Stem Cells Are Injected Into Their Eyes - The New York Times,"Three women suffered severe, permanent eye damage after stem cells were injected into their eyes, in an unproven treatment at a loosely regulated clinic in Florida, doctors reported in an article published Wednesday in The New England Journal of Medicine. One, 72, went completely blind from the injections, and the others, 78 and 88, lost much of their eyesight. Before the procedure, all had some visual impairment but could see well enough to drive. The cases expose gaps in the ability of government health agencies to protect consumers from unproven treatments offered by entrepreneurs who promote the supposed healing power of stem cells. The women had macular degeneration, an eye disease that causes vision loss, and they paid $5, 000 each to receive   injections in 2015 at a private clinic in Sunrise, Fla. The clinic was part of a company then called Bioheart, now called U. S. Stem Cell. Staff members there used liposuction to suck fat out of the women’s bellies, and then extracted stem cells from the fat to inject into the women’s eyes. The disastrous results were described in detail in the journal article, by doctors who were not connected to U. S. Stem Cell and treated the patients within days of the injections. An accompanying article by scientists from the Food and Drug Administration warned that stem cells from fat “are being used in practice on the basis of minimal clinical evidence of safety or efficacy, sometimes with the claims that they constitute revolutionary treatments for various conditions. ” Kristin C. Comella, the chief science officer of U. S. Stem Cell, said in an interview that the clinic did not need F. D. A. approval because it was treating patients with their own cells, which are not a drug. She said the   treatments were comparable to patients’ receiving grafts of their own skin  —   a procedure not a drug. Two of the eye patients sued the clinic and settled, but it has faced no other penalties. Ms. Comella said it no longer treats eyes, but continues to treat five to 20 patients a week for other problems like torn knee cartilage and degenerating spinal discs. All three women found U. S. Stem Cell because it had listed a study on a government website, clinicaltrials. gov  —   provided by the National Institutes of Health. Two later told doctors they thought they were participating in   research. But no study ever took place, and the proposed study on the site had no government endorsement. Clinical trials do not need government approval to be listed on the website. Legitimate research rarely, if ever, charges patients to participate, scientists say, so the fees should have been a red flag. But many people do not know that. Promising   research in eye disease and other conditions is taking place. But researchers and health officials have been warning for years that patients are at risk from hundreds of private clinics that have sprung up around the United States and overseas, offering   treatments for all manner of ailments, like injured knees, damaged spinal discs, neurological diseases and heart failure. Businesses promising “regenerative medicine” have multiplied, with little or no regulation. Stem cells, which can develop into many different types of cells, are thought to have tremendous potential to repair or replace tissue damaged by disease, injury or aging. But so far, the F. D. A. has approved only a few   products to treat certain blood disorders. The women in Florida suffered detached retinas, in which the thin layer of   cells that send signals to the optic nerve pulls away from the back of the eye  —   a condition that usually needs prompt surgery to prevent blindness. Doctors who examined the patients said they suspected that the stem cells had grown onto the retina and then contracted, pulling it off the eyeball. One woman had such high pressure inside her eyes  —   about three times the normal level  —   that it may have damaged her optic nerves. Doctors operated quickly to relieve the pressure, but she became blind. “The really horrible thing about this is that you would never, nobody practicing good medicine would ever do an experimental procedure on a patient on both eyes on the same day,” said Dr. Thomas A. Albini, an author of the article who saw two of the patients, at the Bascom Palmer Eye Institute at the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine. Standard practice, he said, is to treat one eye at a time, usually the worse eye first, so that if something goes wrong at least the patient still has one eye left with some vision. Dr. Albini said his team alerted the F. D. A. after the second patient showed up. “They did send an investigator who took statements from us,” he said. “They apparently wrote up a report, which as far as I know is still not finished or available for public consumption. ” Andrea Fischer, a spokeswoman for the F. D. A. said the agency could not comment on whether an investigation had been conducted. Two of the women were not available for interviews because their lawsuit settlements in 2016 included nondisclosure agreements, according to their lawyer, Andrew B. Yaffa, of Coral Gables, Fla. He also was barred from discussing the case, but a publicly available complaint he filed in July 2016 details one patient’s story, and states that the injections were performed by a nurse practitioner who was introduced as a physician. The third patient did not sue, but did not respond to a request for an interview made through her doctor. (The patients were not named in the journal article.) Ms. Comella, from U. S. Stem Cell, said that an independent review board had approved the proposed eye study, including the plan to treat both eyes at once. She said a total of three patients ever received eye injections at the clinic, and were not part of a trial. She declined to confirm that they were the same three patients described in the journal article, but the article links the women to the clinic. Ms. Comella said a trial never did begin, because the first three cases “ended the way they ended, so we decided not to go forward with any additional patients. ” She declined to discuss the cases further, citing the nondisclosure agreement. But she said that U. S. Stem Cell had successfully treated thousands of patients for other conditions, and that it was misleading to draw attention to “a handful of adverse events. ” U. S. Stem Cell also makes money by training doctors to extract stem cells from fat. And in a blog post on Tuesday its chief executive, Mike Tomás, said the company expected to open clinics throughout the Middle East, in Kuwait, Dubai and Qatar. But the company, which is a penny stock, is struggling financially, and as recently as last fall warned investors that its poor financial situation put it at risk of going out of business. Clinics like U. S. Stem Cell that extract stem cells from fat fall into a gray zone. Regulations say stem cells do not have to be F. D. A. approved if they are the patient’s own and are “minimally manipulated”  —   but some clinics may stretch that term to suit their own purposes. The F. D. A. website has a page that warns “the hope that patients have for cures not yet available may leave them vulnerable to unscrupulous providers of   treatments that are illegal and potentially harmful. ” The F. D. A. article in The New England Journal of Medicine suggested that adverse events from   treatments “are probably much more common than is appreciated, because there is no reporting requirement when these therapies are administered outside clinical investigations. ” Like the Florida patients, people who consult clinicaltrials. gov may assume that the studies listed there have been approved by the F. D. A. or the National Institutes of Health, but that is not necessarily the case, Renate Myles, an N. I. H. spokeswoman, said. In an email, Ms. Myles said, “The information on ClinicalTrials. gov is provided by the study sponsor or principal investigator and posting on ClinicalTrials. gov does not necessarily reflect endorsement by the N. I. H. ClinicalTrials. gov does not independently verify the scientific validity or relevance of the trial itself beyond a limited quality control review. ” Ms. Myles said that the site urges patients to consult their own doctors about joining studies and includes caveats in multiple places. “However, we agree that such caveats need to be clearer to all users and will be adding a more prominent disclaimer in the near future,” she added.",0
10995,Is Chewing Gum Good for Toddlers? Or Anyone? - The New York Times,"After Henry Trombley died in December, a few weeks shy of his 80th birthday, his daughter, Mary Trombley, found a surprising product pitch among the newspaper clippings and Valentine cards from his youth. “Dear Toddler:” the letter begins. “A little bird told me that you’d be two years old sometime this year. If this is so, soon you will have most of your teeth. And at two years, you are just about old enough to enjoy Wrigley’s gum. ” Ms. Trombley, of Berkley, Mich. dates the letter to 1938, based on her father’s age. She sent a picture of it to her siblings, speculating that “Wrigley was trying to track down lots of babies and get them hooked on gum. ” According to the Wrigley Company, that’s exactly what William Wrigley Jr. the founder of the business, was trying to do. “Wrigley has been credited with being the father of direct marketing,” said Michelle Green, the United States marketing communications manager for Wrigley. “In the early 1900s, he actually shipped free sticks of gum to every address in the U. S. phone book, and that is thought to be the first national direct marketing campaign. ” The letter Ms. Trombley found was part of a campaign to mail free gum to every American child turning 2. Mr. Wrigley also commissioned a Mother Goose booklet starring “Sprightly Spearman,” the mascot for Spearmint gum, and sent thousands of the booklets to schools in poor areas, according to the Wrigley website. On Mr. Trombley’s letter, “we can kind of see the little glue dots where the stick was,” his daughter said. The reference to the sweet, juicy flavor and the use of the Juicy Fruit brand in the illustration in the letterhead suggest that the gum sent with the letter was Juicy Fruit, Wrigley’s oldest product. It was introduced in 1893, a few months before Wrigley’s Spearmint gum, the company’s website says. The letter claims that chewing gum “is good for children’s teeth, which need more exercise than they get with modern soft food. ” But there is no evidence for this claim or for any other oral health benefits of chewing the gum that was sold in the 1930s, all of which contained sugar, said Dr. Jade Miller, president of the American Academy of Pediatric Dentistry. “Back in the ‘20s and ’30s, quite honestly, there was really not a whole lot of science about whether gum had any effect on bacteria,” Dr. Miller said. But he hypothesized that perhaps people knew that gum increased saliva flow and thought the extra saliva, combined with the mechanical effect of the gum rubbing across the teeth, might have helped clean the mouth and teeth. Research now shows, though, that chewing gum containing sugar actually increases the risk of cavities. What’s more, the American Academy of Pediatrics now considers gum a choking hazard for children younger than age 5. “We also know a whole lot about how toddlers’ brains work, and    simply have not yet developed the ability to think through their actions, consider consequences or consistently follow rules,” said Dr. Laura Jana, a pediatrician and author of “The Toddler Brain: Nurture the Skills Today that Will Shape Your Child’s Tomorrow. ” She added: “If you’re 2 and something tastes good, you swallow it, regardless of whether you’ve been cautioned not to. ” Dr. Miller agreed. “When a child understands they shouldn’t be swallowing  —   that’s the right time to allow chewing gum,” he said. The letter also suggests that chewing gum might offer relief from teething pain. “If you still have a few teeth to come through, chewing Wrigley’s gum will help you,” it says. But this advice no longer holds up. Though teething babies have been known to gnaw on anything they can get their gums on, these days the recommended remedies are usually sanctioned teething toys or timeless homemade options like a cool washcloth. (Note that experts say to avoid frozen teething items  —   even frozen washcloths  —   since they can hurt the gums and cause pain.) Dr. Jana suggests a   toothbrush, which your child can chew, suck or rub on his gums to lesson discomfort. Wrigley was far from unique in promoting child care protocols that have since fallen out of favor. “There are many examples of significant shifts in parenting norms: Toddlers used to sit on parents’ laps in the front seat of cars before car seats were invented children’s hands were strapped to the side of the crib to prevent thumb sucking babies slept on their bellies and a bit of brandy for teething was a thing,” Dr. Jana said. “In all instances, we now know much better. ” Wrigley has since updated the science behind its recommendations. In 2006, the Wrigley Science Institute was founded to support research evaluating the effects of   gum on health. Interestingly, Mr. Trombley grew up to be a dental technician, making crowns and bridges for people’s teeth. Ms. Trombley is not sure what her father might have thought of the Wrigley letter but she said he preferred candy to gum. As for whether or not Mr. Trombley’s mother let him chew that free stick of gum in 1938: “We don’t have any idea, but we like to think she kept it for herself,” Ms. Trombley said. Does swallowed gum really stay in your stomach for seven years?  No. It’s true that our digestive system is unable to break down the synthetic gum base, but it doesn’t stay in the stomach for long. The gum eventually moves through the small intestine into the colon and is passed in the stool. Dr. Jade Miller notes that there have been rare instances in which gum has caused intestinal blockages in young children. He said the current thinking on the matter is “not to give gum to a child when they’re too young to understand not to swallow it. ” Does chewing gum build up your jaw muscles?  It is conceivable that chewing gum could strengthen the muscles in and around the mouth but it’s not likely to have any effect on your jaw line. “Almost all of the muscles used for mastication are not externally visible, so it wouldn’t impact your facial contour at all,” said Dr. John Dahl, assistant professor of otolaryngology at Indiana University School of Medicine and a surgeon at Riley Hospital for Children at IU Health. The more likely outcome of chewing a lot of gum is that you would get a sore jaw and exacerbate pain in the temporomandibular joint, or TMJ, the hinge that connects your jaw to the bones of your skull. Are there any health benefits to chewing gum?  Over the years, dental experts have come to the conclusion that chewing   gum after meals increases the flow of saliva, which can help clear sugars and bacteria from the mouth, neutralize plaque acids and strengthen teeth, all of which can help to prevent cavities. Dr. Miller said that increased salivary flow may be particularly helpful for people who have trouble with mouth dryness. “That can be caused by a lot of medications or medical problems, and increased salivary flow can really be helpful for reducing the risk of cavities,” he said. Can gum help with speech therapy? Yes. Some speech pathologists use gum and other chewy treats to exercise the mouth and improve articulation. As long as children are old enough, chewing gum helps them practice using their jaw, cheek and tongue muscles in new ways while managing saliva flow and breathing  —   skills that are all necessary for speaking. Therapists may also incorporate gum into sessions with children with autism because chewing offers sensory stimulation, which can help the children regulate their nervous systems.",0
10996,Steak That Sizzles on the Stovetop - The New York Times,"Like many home cooks, I gave up on steak a while ago. First, meat started showing up on every list of foods to avoid, whether for reasons of health, ethics, economics or ecology. Then, the grill jockeys who blossom in American backyards in the springtime made steak seem impossible in an ordinary kitchen at a minimum, hot and   cooking areas, a dry rub and a spray bottle were required. So I never slowed to ogle the steak case until I started cooking for a   family. The meat aisle seemed to narrow daily. Chicken gets boring quickly pork is dry ground beef grows depressing veal is for the 1 percent. I started tinkering with steak on the stovetop. I had a   skillet and a memory of my mother sprinkling coarse salt into the pan, rather than on the meat. I’d heard rumors of a new method, a departure from the received wisdom that said to put the steak in the pan and leave it alone. After some grisly catastrophes, trying out different cuts, seasonings and heat levels, I had a   new system. It turns out that you truly don’t need a grill to cook a great steak: savory, salty, encased in a barklike crust. You don’t need to marinate or  . You don’t have to know your way around a   chart  —   with its bewildering eyes, rounds, chucks and clods  —   to buy a good one. And at dinner time, laying a few slices of steak next to the whole grains, the roasted vegetables and the leafy greens that (usually) fill most of our plates is an excellent strategy. The preparations are simple. Buy from a butcher, or directly from a producer, whose meat comes from cattle raised in a way that you feel comfortable with. Choose boneless cuts that are thinner (at one inch thick, they cook through evenly on top of the stove) dry them well (to maximize crust) then sear them in an insanely hot pan. Salt the pan instead of the meat, and turn over the steak every 30 seconds or so after the first minute of cooking. If you don’t have a   skillet, now is the time: nothing that gets as hot is also nonstick, and nothing else that is nonstick gets as hot. When and how to salt a steak has been endlessly debated. The salt in the pan clearly helped the crust develop. But when I also presalted the meat, whether for 2 days or 10 minutes, the finished steak was too salty beef has plenty of sodium on its own. I cheerfully abandoned the extra step of presalting. As long as the cooking surface is hot enough, all that turning will yield a magnificent crust and a   interior: juicy and pink throughout, without the usual gray ring under the crust. According to the food scientist Harold McGee, this is because the juices keep flowing instead of collecting in the middle, which makes the interior cook evenly. Keep in mind that this is stovetop steak, not steakhouse steak it will not have the visual punch of a    porterhouse. Grilling bloggers (and there are many) spend days attempting to replicate legendary cuts like the Playboy at Jess  Jim’s in Kansas City, Mo. or the Longbone Cowboy at Nick  Sam’s in Dallas. But steakhouses have   equipment and exhaust systems. The broilers at Peter Luger in Brooklyn heat up to a rumored 1, 800 degrees. Some steaks at Carnevino in Las Vegas are   for eight months. At the chef Michael Mina’s Bourbon Steak restaurants, the steaks lounge in a   bath of clarified butter before touching the grill. That sounds pleasant, but all you really need is a heavy skillet and the right cut of meat. The experts on   steak are not chefs but butchers  —   particularly butchers who were raised by butchers and grew up on a steady diet of meat. Pat LaFrieda, a   meat purveyor in Manhattan, would rather you didn’t buy his sirloin steak. “Sirloin is one of my   cuts,” he said it’s usually lean, making it difficult for home cooks to get just right. “It comes from the love handles of the animal on down,” one place where the fat collects under the skin, instead of working its way into the muscles. And intramuscular fat makes cooking steak at home far easier. “If it’s good quality steak, and you don’t cook it for more than five minutes per inch, you really can’t mess it up,” said Richard Schatz of Schatzie the Butcher on the Upper West Side (his bloody lineage goes back five generations). “Steak is nothing to be scared of. ” Buy steaks that are one inch thick for stovetop cooking they have just the right ratio of surface to interior. “Having the entire surface of the steak pressed against the entire surface of a   pan is pretty much ideal,” said Bruce Aidells, author of “The Great Meat Cookbook. ” That contact between the meat and the hot surface of the pan forms the crust you want much more effectively than if you cooked it in the broiler, where you can’t flip the steak or press down on it to sear it. Steak from   beef can be dry or gamy, but so can   beef. The thing to look for is marbling, the veins of creamy fat that make steak mouthfilling and juicy. Steaks that have the United States Department of Agriculture’s highest grade, Prime, have this marbling. Choice grade is hit or miss, but usually a hit: It can have excellent taste and texture. The next step down is Select and then Standard, an unappetizing category that is rarely labeled. There is a long list of cuts that do just fine on the stovetop. Boneless New York or Kansas City strip, flat iron,   and boneless   are   and tender. Outliers with long muscle fibers  —   cuts like skirt, flank and hanger  —   are less expensive and more flavorful. They are naturally chewy but can be tender when cooked rare and sliced across the grain. Mr. LaFrieda’s favorite cut for home cooking, and now mine, is the “outside” skirt, a cut that’s thicker than the flat “inside” skirt. “I wouldn’t want to call it ‘livery,’ ” he said. “From me that’s a compliment, but some people want their meat very mild. ” For   cuts, a wedge of lemon alongside the steak can do wonders. “It won’t do a lot for filet mignon,” the chef Michael Psilakis said. “But for anything well marbled, anything with some age on it, the acid in the lemon juice just brightens up the taste. ” Around the Mediterranean, meat is rarely served without lemon. After you have bought your steaks, keep them refrigerated until 30 minutes to an hour before cooking. (When they hit the pan, they should be cool, not cold.) Pat them dry with paper towels, then set aside on more paper towels, turning occasionally. Do not worry about “losing” the juices a dry surface helps build that strong crust. Fifteen minutes before dinner, turn the heat on high under your skillet and sprinkle its surface with salt. Do not oil the pan. When you think it’s hot, let it heat some more. If it’s not smoking, it’s not ready. When the heat and the suspense become unbearable, lay your steak in the pan and prepare to flip. As you flip, move it around in the pan so it absorbs the salt. If you like black pepper (I do) add it only when the steak is almost cooked. It burns easily. The total cooking time for a    steak is four to five minutes. The most accurate way to test it is with an   thermometer. Insert it into the side of the steak, not through the top. The temperature will rise significantly after cooking, so 120 to 125 degrees is the range for   meat. For those who don’t want to fiddle around with microtechnology when getting dinner on the table, fingers provide the best intel. The feel of a rare steak quickly becomes different from that of a   one. And if all else fails, remember this: “You’re not cooking in a restaurant,” Mr. Schatz said. “You can always just cut the thing in half and see what’s going on. ” Recipe:   Steak",0
10997,France Bans Free Soda Refills in Attack on Obesity - The New York Times,"In 2004, France banned vending machines from schools. In 2011, it limited servings of french fries to once a week in school cafeterias. A year later, it imposed a “soda tax. ” On Friday, the government said no  restaurants can offer free refills of sodas and other sugary drinks.  The new regulation is the latest attempt to tackle what the government called a relentless rise in the national obesity rate.   restaurants, usually foreign chains, are expected to be targeted under the new law. The law, which takes effect immediately, said it aimed to “limit, especially among the young,” the risks of obesity and diabetes. The move by France is in line with recommendations by the World Health Organization, which has urged countries to impose a tax on sugary drinks to battle an increase in obesity, presenting data in 2016 on the beneficial health effects of such a tax. The French are, on average, less overweight than other Europeans and Americans. The share of obese adults (age 18 and older) in France was 15. 3 percent in 2014, just below the European Union average, 15. 9 percent, according to Eurostat, the statistical office of the European Union. Malta has the highest share of adult obesity of European nations, 26 percent. In the United States, it is 36. 5 percent, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. While the overall adult obesity rate in France appears to be relatively low, 57 percent of men and 41 percent of women 30 to 60 years old were overweight or obese, according to a report released in October by Bulletin Épidémiologique Hebdomadaire, the French medical journal. France has been at the forefront of tackling the issue, along with countries like Japan, where a national law requires companies and local governments to measure the waistlines of people between the ages of 40 and 74, and to encourage them to exercise. Mexico added a 10 percent surcharge on sugary drinks in 2014 to reduce alarming levels of diabetes there. After one year, sales of such beverages fell as much as 12 percent, while bottled water purchases rose 4 percent, a study found. Similar efforts are underway in the United States. Philadelphia became the first major city this year to introduce a tax on soda and other sugary drinks, provoking public outrage. In 2012, the New York City health board approved Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg’s plan to ban the sale of large sugary drinks in restaurants and other venues. But a court struck down the proposal in 2013. The Bloomberg administration appealed and lost. The new law has divided the French, who consume fewer soft drinks per capita than residents of most other countries. “Each person has to take responsibility,” a    man told the newspaper Le Parisien. Restaurants “might as well put scales in front of each   joint. ”",0
10998,Fewer than One in Five Foreign Rapists Deported from Sweden,"Only 19 per cent of foreign rapists registered as Swedish residents were deported from the troubled Scandinavian country between 2010 and 2014, according to government figures. [The Dail Mail reports that deportations of those convicted of child rape were even lower, at 13 per cent.  The figure for migrants convicted of aggravated child rape was not significantly higher, at just 17 per cent.  Leniency towards foreign nationals convicted of rape and aggravated rape of adults was somewhat less common, although 37 per cent and 28 per cent of migrants convicted of those crimes respectively avoided expulsion. Deportation rates for foreign nationals who had not been registered as Swedish residents were higher. Nonetheless, some 48 per cent of illegal migrants convicted of child rape were allowed to remain in the country. In cases of aggravated child rape committed by   persons, deportations were more likely, but 33 per cent of convicts were still able to stay. According to the report, the “  statistics” break down as follows: The figures emerge shortly after five “child migrants” from Afghanistan were convicted of beating and raping a boy at knifepoint after dragging him into the woods in Gottsunda, Uppsala, posting a recording of the attack on social media. The court denied the prosecution’s request to deport, deciding the rapists “would be hit very hard by the expulsion”. They were handed custodial terms of between 12 and 15 months. Rapes and gang rapes of young boys and teenagers in Sweden, often by men with Afghan roots, is a topic the mainstream media in Sweden has recently become willing to discuss. ”New phenomena” in Sweden. Gang rapes commited by Afghani men towards minor boys. Swedish MSM discusses the issue. https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   PeterSweden (@PeterSweden7) March 11, 2017,  Institutional abuse of young boys in Afghanistan  —   by members of the Afghan National Police in particular  —   was exposed as an intractable cultural problem for Western forces tasked with   in This Is What Winning Looks Like, a 2013 documentary by British journalist Ben Anderson.",0
10999,It’s A Setup: Dems Claim Russians Will Undermine Elections With Fake Documents Showing Voter Fraud,"Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » It’s A Setup: Dems Claim Russians Will Undermine Elections With Fake Documents Showing Voter Fraud 
The narrative now is that the Russians are either going to compromise the Presidential election by outright hacking it, or, they will simply pretend that they compromised the elections by posting fake documents proving voter fraud. 

From Mac Slavo, SHTFPlan : 
If the election fraud narrative, cyberattack and rigged voting machines haven’t yet thoroughly confused the American voting public, maybe the latest report from Reuters will do the job. 
According to Reuters, U.S. voting authorities are now warning that while the Russians may not actually hack the Presidential election, they may fake hacking the Presidential election. 
What they’re saying without actually saying it is that if Hillary Clinton wins the election and Trump supporters show proof of any fraudulent activity, the “proof” will have been fabricated by… The Russians. 
Joe Joseph Explains: 
This is the height of desperation for the mainstream media and The-Powers-That-Shouldn’t-Be because they know that they’ve been manipulating elections for a very long time now… 
Watch at Youtube 
It sounds almost too crazy to believe, but this is now being disseminated to the public via mainstream pipelines: 
U.S. intelligence and law enforcement officials are warning that hackers with ties to Russia’s intelligence services could try to undermine the credibility of the presidential election by posting documents online purporting to show evidence of voter fraud. 
The officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said however, that the U.S. election system is so large, diffuse and antiquated that hackers would not be able to change the outcome of the Nov. 8 election. 
But hackers could post documents, some of which might be falsified, that are designed to create public perceptions of widespread voter fraud, the officials said. 
They said that they did not have specific evidence of such a plan, but state and local election authorities had been warned to be vigilant for hacking attempts. 
Source: Reuters 
So, according to this latest report, the Russians are either going to compromise the Presidential election by outright hacking it, or, they will simply pretend that they compromised the elections by posting fake documents purporting to show voter fraud. 
Either way, it was the Russians. 
Trust us. On Sale At SD Bullion… This Week Only… This entry was posted in World News and tagged Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton , Hillary vote fraud , vote fraud . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation",0
11000,SEIU Union Tries to Block Trump’s Pick For the Labor Department - Breitbart,"The Service Employees International Union is launching a desperate campaign against Donald Trump’s nominee for labor secretary, Andrew Puzder, who is the chief executive of CKE Restaurants, the parent company of Hardee’s and Carl’s Jr. [The attacks come from the SEIU’s “Fight For 15” campaign, which has protested   companies while trying to unionize the industry’s   and unskilled workers.  In the addition to the protests, the union is filing 33 legal complaints against Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s franchisees. The Labor Department, as Breitbart News has written, writes the workplace rules and regulations for most Americans. Under President Barack Obama’s administration, the Department of Labor effectively became the Department of Organized Labor. The Obama labor department was openly hostile to advocates of small government. In 2011  U. S. Secretary of Labor Hilda Solis insulted members of the Tea Party, referring to the activists as “teabaggers,” as Breitbart News reported. The SIEU’s The Fight for 15 website has slammed Andy Puzder and President Trump by claiming: Trump wants to put Puzder in charge of enforcing these very laws that he broke as CEO. He opposes the minimum wage. He thinks workers are overprotected. He is against unions. He even said he wants to fire workers and replace them with machines that can’t take vacations or sue their employers when they break the law. In fact, as a   CEO, he regularly broke the laws he’d be responsible for enforcing if he gets the job. Puzder is the wrong choice for labor secretary. He is simply unfit to be put in charge protecting our nation’s workers and we’re calling on Members of the Senate to reject the nomination of Andy Puzder to lead the Department of Labor. Puzder’s spokespeople have hit back, reports  Nation’s Restaurant News: “This is more fake outrage from the unions and special interests which will stop at nothing in order to push their own   agenda,” a Puzder spokesman said in an email. “Fact is, Andy is a job creator and has provided opportunity for advancement for thousands of employees. His record of creating jobs is exactly what this country needs. ” A CKE spokesperson emailed a response Thursday on behalf of the company. “While we do not comment on pending litigation, we’d like to offer a reminder that CKE Restaurants is nearly 95 percent franchised,” the company said. “Each of these 2, 769 franchise stores are run independently and solely responsible for their employees, management and adherence to regulations and labor practices. ” Joe Kefauver, managing partner of the Align Public Strategies   firm, told Nation’s Restaurant News that the union’s actions would “likely make little difference in the outcome,” and added: “I doubt they expect to scuttle Puzder’s confirmation, they are simply using the process to continue driving their message,” Kefauver said in an email to Nation’s Restaurant News. “Republican leadership in the Senate is wholly committed to confirming the president’s nominees, and I think this nomination is no different. Barring something unforeseen, he will likely be confirmed. ” The SIEU will be slashing its budget by 30 percent this year as a result of having to “dramatically  ” its strategy in the wake of Donald Trump’s landslide victory.   news site Raw Story has reported that the workers who were working for the SEIU’s Fight for 15 campaign weren’t making $15 per hour and weren’t unionized. The hearing on Puzzler’s nomination is now scheduled for Tuesday, Feb. 7. Follow Breitbart News investigative reporter and Citizen Journalism School founder Lee Stranahan on Twitter at @Stranahan.",0
11001,Will the Real Democracy Lovers Please Stand Up? - The New York Times,"During another week of presidential declarations that some journalists were “enemies of the people” of new steps to restrict White House press access by way of a    list, and of reported moves to force national intelligence agencies to toe the administration line, a   pattern set in. Journalists, their subscriptions and ratings spiking, howled about another move to undercut the role the free press plays in a democracy (which “Dies in Darkness” as the new Washington Post slogan has it). The administration doubled down on its antipress aggression, this time declaring it was “going to get worse every day” for these “globalist” and “corporatist” journalists (and other such gobbledygook from the former Goldman Sachs executive Stephen K. Bannon). And all the while, so many of the most important and credible leaders in the president’s own party more or less kept their traps shut or looked the other way. If there were ever a moment for government leaders who believe that true information unearthed by independent news sources is vital to our nation to stand up and say so, this would be it. President Trump’s argument that the national press corps is illegitimate and dishonest has emerged as one of the most consistent themes of his presidency, alongside  —   and seemingly as important to him  —   his calls for a major tax code overhaul, an end to Obamacare, a border wall and “extreme vetting. ” Those other parts of his agenda appeal to large groups of Republicans on Capitol Hill, including the leaders of the House and the Senate. So you could see the appeal of staying out of the way to let Mr. Trump do his thing against the press  —   no great favorite on The Hill anyway  —   as their other big policy dishes marinate and cook. But they might be wise to rethink that strategy. The journalism that Mr. Trump and his aides seek to delegitimize today could be the legitimate research and bipartisan data points they try to use to make policy arguments with Mr. Trump tomorrow. There’s also that part of putting your money where your mouth is after spending long careers extolling the genius of the founders who created our system to ensure our president never became an infallible king, ever cognizant that, as James Madison put it, “popular government without popular information,” is “a prologue to a farce or tragedy. ” Asked on Thursday about Mr. Trump’s first declaration that the press was “the enemy,” Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, said, “I don’t view you guys as the enemy. ” It warms the heart. He went on to say: “I expect adversarial questions. And you rarely disappoint me. And I think it’s part of what make America function. ” It was a start, I guess. But it fell short of the   “knock it off” to Mr. Trump that these times demand, at least when it comes to calling true journalism false or calling journalists dishonest enemies. The office of Representative Paul D. Ryan, the House speaker, declined to engage with me on Saturday when I asked for a comment on whether Mr. Ryan was comfortable with what I called Mr. Trump’s attempt to delegitimize the fourth estate. His office said it disputed the premise of the question. As a couple of senior congressional Republican aides told me on Saturday  —   on condition of anonymity, to speak candidly about private discussions  —   there is a view on their side of the aisle that, while Mr. Trump’s bombast is notable, the press is being too quick to hyperventilate, and that, in the end, things will be just fine. And every week I wonder about it myself  —   how serious are all the threats and bluster against the news media by Mr. Trump and Mr. Bannon, given that news organizations continue to break big stories about the administration with help from leaks that have not abated despite the presidential pounding? None of it stopped The Washington Post from reporting on Friday that presidential aides, after failing to convince the F. B. I. to publicly dispute reports by The New York Times and CNN about contact between Trump campaign aides and Russian intelligence, went on to successfully pressure other intelligence officials and key congressmen to do the same. It didn’t keep The Associated Press and The Wall Street Journal from reporting on a Department of Homeland Security assessment disputing the basis for the administration’s attempt to block travel to the United States from seven predominantly Muslim countries. Nor did it stop the news team at KOKH, a Fox television station in Oklahoma City, from learning and reporting that Mr. Trump’s new leader of the Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt, conducted some state business by private email during his time as Oklahoma’s attorney general, despite denying that he did so in recent Senate testimony. On Saturday, I turned to a sage of the Washington press corps, Bob Schieffer of CBS, whose time in Washington dates to the Nixon administration, to see how seriously he took the recent threats against the press. It was his 80th birthday. “We need to be taking this very seriously  —   any time you undermine the press, I think that’s very dangerous for democracy,” Mr. Schieffer said. “Do we want a situation where the only source of information is the government? I mean, really? Somehow I don’t think that’s what the founders intended. ” Mr. Schieffer was struck by Mr. Trump’s declaration on Friday that the press should not rely on anonymous government sources when his administration had pushed officials to speak anonymously to reporters that very same day. Mr. Trump was quite fond of anonymous sources himself when, for instance, he promoted the lie that President Barack Obama wasn’t born in the United States by announcing “an extremely credible source” had told him Mr. Obama’s “birth certificate is a fraud. ” All of which leaves the question of what’s to be done about it. The most obvious answer came in the statement CNN made after the network  —   along with The New York Times, BuzzFeed, Politico and The Los Angeles Times  —   was cut out of an   press briefing with Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, on Friday: “We’ll keep reporting regardless,” the network declared. There should be, however, legitimate questions about whether that reporting should include blanket coverage of the next speech Mr. Trump gives in which he calls honest journalists dishonest or “the opposition. ” Those kinds of polemical statements are no longer “news” (defined as “new”) but rather part of a repetitive, antipress, negative branding campaign. Another lesson came on Friday after several news organizations went along with Mr. Spicer’s exclusive gaggle, including CBS News, ABC News, Bloomberg and The Wall Street Journal, even as Time and The Associated Press refused. After Twitter vented proper umbrage  —   I was in that chorus  —   The Journal and Bloomberg said they wouldn’t “participate in exclusionary briefings of the sort that happened today” in the future, as the Bloomberg editor in chief John Micklethwait said. It was the   thing to do. Your turn, responsible leaders of America.",0
11002,"More Evidence Emerges Proving What a Shameless, Crony Fraud Evan Bayh Is","at 4:39 pm Leave a comment 
The more you look into Evan Bayh’s post-Senate “career,” the dirtier it becomes (he’s running for Senate again this year). 
Earlier this week, I published a lengthy article examining Bayh’s shameless cash grab since he left Congress in the article, Democratic Senate Candidate Evan Bayh Represents Everything Broken, Corrupt and Wrong With America . I wrote: Many of you will know the name Evan Bayh. He’s the son of three-term Indiana Senator Birch Bayh, and went on to become Governor of Indiana from 1983-1997, and then Senator himself from 1999-2011. Upon leaving “public service,” he did what most of these government prostitutes do — made millions and millions of dollars doing pretty much nothing. As a recent article from Politico reveals, the Bayh family had assets worth $2.1-$7.7 million when he left the Senate in 2010, but it has since surged to a range of $13.8 million-$48 million. Making that kind of money isn’t easy for anyone, and it’s particularly suspicious in the hands of a man supposedly dedicated to public service. So how did the couple make all this money? Evan, for one, joined law and lobbying firm McGuireWoods and became an advisor to private equity giant Apollo Global as upon leaving the Senate. Meanwhile, I can’t figure out for the life of me what his wife Susan does. She seems to be a “professional board member” for a variety of large companies. Just one day after I published the above, The Huffington Post came out with a piece that adds additional pieces to the very slimy post-Senate history of Evan Bayh. Here’s some of what we learn: 
Evan Bayh, the former Democratic senator from Indiana and current Senate candidate, has at least $1 million in holdings with a Bermuda-based insurance company, Athene, that has a business model that a class action lawsuit is challenging as a bait-and-switch scam. 
Athene’s business plan, the suit claims, is to buy up the annuities of retirees that had previously been invested in bonds and blue chip stocks, and instead pump their money into the risky bets of a private equity firm. That firm turns out to be Apollo Global Management ― where Bayh is a highly paid senior adviser ― which actually owns Athene, so if the gamble pays off, Athene’s parent company gets rich. If it flops, the retirees take the hit. 
Private equity’s push into the once-boring annuity industry was the subject of a 2013 Bloomberg story, which found Apollo leading the way. “It’s a heads-I-win, tails-you-lose game,” said Lawrence Rybka, CEO of wealth-advisory firm ValMark Securities. 
Bayh has been working for Apollo as a senior adviser for public policy since early 2011, shortly after he retired from the Senate. On the personal financial disclosure he filed with the Federal Election Commission earlier this month in order to run for Senate in 2016, he states that he has received between $5.7 million and $20.9 million worth of assets in the firm. He lists his holdings in Athene as valued at between $1 million and $5 million. 
In 2010, when Bayh was still a senator, he went to battle on behalf of Apollo and other money managers who were working desperately to thwart attempts to close or narrow what’s known as the “carried interest loophole,” which allows private equity and hedge fund managers to pay bargain-basement tax rates. 
With Bayh’s help, the effort to close the loophole was derailed. An analysis of Apollo’s security filings suggests that the maintenance of the loophole has saved executives tens of millions of dollars on their tax bills since then. 
Bayh’s rapacious grab for cash since his retirement has been extraordinary even by Clintonian standards, but it is made all the more poignant by the poetic bromides he offered on his way out. 
“I want to be engaged in an honorable line of work,” Bayh told Ezra Klein in October 2010. He said he wanted to find work where he could come home and tell his wife, “Dear, do you know what we got done today? I’ve got this really bright kid in my class, and do you know what he asked me, and here’s what I told him, and I think I saw a little epiphany moment go off in his mind.” 
We have since learned ― thanks to the Associated Press, which obtained his Senate schedule ― that by the time he was having this heady conversation, he had already been meeting with executives at Apollo, as well as the brass at the oil company Marathon and the law firm and lobby shop McGuire Woods. He went on to take jobs with all three, joining Apollo, sitting on Marathon’s board of directors, and working as a strategic adviser at McGuire Woods. 
Earlier this month, Bayh warned his supporters in a fundraising appeal that the Koch brothers, Charles and David, were hell-bent on making sure Young won the Indiana race. 
While the claim is true, Bayh makes an awkward messenger: The Koch brothers are clients of McGuireWoods, where Bayh is still a partner. 
“Evan Bayh was paid by Koch Industries at his lobbying firm as recently as 2016 ― and he will work for them after Election Day whether he wins or loses,” said a source who lobbies for Koch Industries, asking for anonymity in order to speak openly about somebody else on their payroll. “He calls Koch names, but he’s grateful for the retainer they paid him, and Koch knows it.” 
Bayh, announcing his retirement, delivered a sermon in The New York Times that was filled with regret for the decay of the Senate, complete with hopeful recommendations for reform. But what Bayh actually did while in office has only further degraded the chamber. He used his final year to cast industry-friendly votes while interviewing for jobs with those same industries. Then he left office and became, in a very short amount of time, a wildly rich man worth somewhere between $13.9 million and $48 million. Citizens United has nothing to say about that. 
A few months after helping kill the bill, Bayh was literally sleeping at the Manhattan home of an Apollo executive, according to a Senate schedule the AP obtained. It was one of several meetings with the firm he’d joined shortly after leaving the Senate. (His spokesman told the AP he was staying with a friend.) 
If Bayh were truly looking for an “honorable line of work,” working for a company that bought up the retirement accounts of the elderly, shifted them to risky investments and hit them with big fees is a strange way to go about it. 
Here’s my related post from earlier this week in case you missed it: Democratic Senate Candidate Evan Bayh Represents Everything Broken, Corrupt and Wrong With America . 
In Liberty,",0
11003,Comment on 7 Harsh Realities That Come With Taking Full Responsibility For Your Life by 7 Harsh Realities That Come With Taking Full Responsibility For Your Life – Motivate3.com,"Share on Facebook Share on Twitter “Adulthood” comes to all of us at different times in our life. It has nothing to do with the legal age we can drink, or drive a car, or get married, and it’s not signified by the job we have or the car we drive. It’s a state of mind, a way of operating in the world.   Being a pretty well behaved teen, I often had people tell me from as young as 13 that I was incredibly mature for my age. In some respects, I could not argue with them. I would look at the behaviour of many of my friends and quite easily distinguish that I, for the most part, handled many things far more “responsibly” than they did. But even now, at the ripe old age of 28, I question when and if I ever truly matured. I may have always acted appropriately, taken school seriously, and respected those around me, but did that qualify me for full-blown adulthood? I certainly thought it did, until about a year ago, when I concluded that the true sign of maturity is when an individual takes full responsibility for their life. As part of identifying this conclusion (which I know is entirely subjective), I’ve reflected a lot on what comes with this fundamental step in life. Here is my list of 7 seemingly harsh realities that kick in when you decide to take full responsibility for your life : 1. The World Doesn’t Revolve Around You As much as we may like to think it does, the truth is, we are but a tiny fish in a massive soup of collective consciousness. Does this mean that we are ultimately powerless to create anything that will impact the masses? Absolutely not. But it does mean that we can no longer expect the world to cater to us. Keep Evolving Your Consciousness Inspiration and all our best content, straight to your inbox. Long gone are the days when parents, teachers, or any other caregiver is going to sit us down and remind us that everything is going to be okay. We need to find that strength within ourselves and go against the grain to create whatever it is that we are passionate about.   2. Your Reactions Are Everything In the moment, things may happen to us — some far more challenging, scary, or unwanted than others — but regardless of what that thing is, it’s our reaction to it that dictates how much it is going to impact our lives. For example, there is nothing intrinsically insulting about being called an asshole — we can choose to take it personally, or we can choose to let it roll off our backs. This is why some of us are able to let it go in one ear and out the other while carrying on with our day, while others take it as a punch to the gut and a reason to change their behaviour moving forward. 3. We Can’t All Be Famous We live in a time when instant fame has never seemed more attainable. The laughing mom in the chewbacca mask is all the evidence we need of this phenomenon. But fame still isn’t in the cards for all of us. While I’m not suggesting that we stop trying to achieve success, or even that kind of astonishing overnight success, it seems that with maturity we recognize it’s not only not worth pinning our hopes on, but also not really that desireable. 4. We’ve Been Distracting Ourselves a Lot We all have things to do — emails we avoid writing, conversations we avoid having, and issues we avoid addressing — yet we consistently choose to distract ourselves instead. Whether it be by glorifying how “busy” we are, or by choosing to turn to Netflix instead, part of taking responsiblity for our lives is acknowledging our tendency to distract ourselves. The more we acknowledge it, the more uncomfortable it becomes, and eventually, it will become so uncomfortable that we finally decide to just take action, and wonder why we didn’t do it before. 5. Haters Gonna Hate Even if you go out of your way to be a people pleaser (which I would never suggest), there will always be someone or many someones who do not support you. While this is certainly the case throughout all of our lives, it usually isn’t until we enter maturity that we acknowledge this as not only common but acceptable. In the end, it’s far better to be your true self and let some people hate that, than change who you are and have a bunch of different people hate you anyways. 6. Blaming Doesn’t Get You Anywhere “He/she did it!” It’s the infamous line we’ve heard so many children say while pointing their finger in the direction of the person they believe should take the fall for whatever happened. It may have worked, on occasion, throughout our childhood, but part of taking responsibility for your life is actually, you know, taking responsibility for your life . As much as we may feel like victims to certain things, playing the victim card rarely gets us anywhere and instead tends to prolong whatever situation or conflict we’re trying to escape. 7. You Are the Reason Why You Aren’t Where You Want to Be This one certainly goes hand in hand with the one before it, and is equally as true. If you want to own a multi-million dollar company that earns money for you even while you sleep, you have to start it and stick with it! Your life is what it is right now because of the collection of decisions you’ve made up to this point. So now is as good a time as any to start making ones that align with what you actually want. You just need to make sure you’re tough enough to handle the fears, challenges, and emotions that are bound to come along the way, and remember, no matter how hard things get, “this too shall pass.”",0
11004,Only 3 Countries Left Without a ROTHSCHILD Central Bank,"Only 3 Countries Left Without a ROTHSCHILD Central Bank The Rothschild family is slowly but surely having their Central banks established in every country ... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/only-3-countries-left-without.html The Rothschild family is slowly but surely having their Central banks established in every country of this world, giving them incredible amount of wealth and power. In the year of 2000 there were seven countries without a Rothschild owned Central Bank: Afghanistan North Korea Iran It is not a coincidence that these country, which are listed above were and are still being under attack by the western media, since one of the main reasons these countries have been under attack in the first place is because they do not have a Rothschild owned Central Bank yet.The first step in having a Central Bank establish in a country is to get them to accept an outrageous loans, which puts the country in debt of the Central Bank and under the control of the Rothschilds. If the country does not accept the loan, the leader of this particular country will be assassinated and a Rothschild aligned leader will be put into the position , and if the assassination does not work, the country will be invaded and have a Central Bank established with force all under the name of terrorism. Rothschild-owned Central Bank Central banks are illegally created private banks that are owned by the Rothschild banking family . The family has been around for more than 230 years and has slithered its way into each country on this planet, threatened every world leader and their governments and cabinets with physical and economic death and destruction, and then emplaced their own people in these central banks to control and manage each country’s pocketbook. Worse, the Rothschilds also control the machinations of each government at the macro level , not concerning themselves with the daily vicissitudes of our individual personal lives. Except when we get too far out of line. The only countries left in 2003 without a Central Bank owned by the Rothschild Family were: Sudan",0
11005,Gorka to CNN’s Chris Cuomo: You Have Spun ’Classic Fake News’ - Breitbart,"Monday on CNN’s “New Day,” White House aide Sebastian Gorka battled with host Chris Cuomo for over 15 minutes in a contentious exchange.  Cuomo opened the segment by saying, “Sean Spicer, everybody else around the president, scolded the media, ‘Stop calling it a travel ban —  this executive order. That’s not what it is, you fake news people.’  Then President Trump says what we’ve known all along, Sebastian, it is a ban. He likes that it’s a ban. He likes the original ban and that’s what he wants everybody to know. Why play the games?” Gorka responded, “There are no games. The president can call it whatever he likes because he has the constitutional authority to control whoever comes into this country, Chris. That’s his job. The constitutional precedence and administrative law give him that right. If he wants to call it a ban, he’s the president, he’s the chief officer of this administration and he has every right to do that. ” Watch (Part 2): It went downhill from there with Cuomo accusing Gorka of being “the purveyor of spin” and Gorka shouting back that CNN is “classic fake news. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
11006,Jack Heart: LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog,"LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog I By Jack Heart on October 28, 2016 By Jack Heart, Orage & Friends 
Every story has a beginning and an end, everything in between is just a story… 
The oldest stories known come from the Aborigine people of Australia. Their stories go back at least thirty thousand years. They are passed on orally by the tribe’s elders under a rigid tradition called “the law” which ensures the preservation of the Aborigines ancient tribal narratives. Linguistic scholars who have studied them have noted the Aborigines ability to sustain “the inter-generational scaffolding needed to transmit stories over vast periods.” 1 
Aborigine tribal lore has been academically documented to chronicle the thawing of the Ice Age and the flooding of the Australian coastline thirteen-thousand years ago.2 According The Wisdom Keepers an episode of Ancient Aliens, the television show purporting to document alien intervention in human history, Aborigine lore also recounts meteorite impacts, tsunamis, volcanic eruptions, earthquakes and solar eclipses…3 
What is certain is that aborigine culture ignores the brutal realities of its own existence and focuses on what is now called the dreamtime. The word dreamtime itself is a mistranslation of the Aborigine word alcheringa, which means the uncreated source; a source which was always there, which perpetually yields fresh materials from which everything that is perceived is derived. 
To the aborigine the dreamtime is an altered state of consciousness that lies across the uncharted chasms of the mind, a place where everything that ever was has been imprinted forever in the aether. Nothing that was, nothing that is, can be lost and it can always be accessed by going back to the beginning through ceremonies and dreams. 
According to Ancient Aliens; “in many ways the concept of dreamtime mirrors the ancient Hindu idea of the Akashic records.” 4 This may not be true… 
The idea of Akashic records go back no further than Madam Blavatsky and Theosophy, a system of mysticism which she founded. Akasha simply means aether in Sanskrit. 
The expansion of the microcosm into the macrocosm and contraction back of the macrocosm into the microcosm is a doctrine of just about every reputable school of mysticism. “As it is above is so it is below” to the Hermitic. “And the living creatures rush forth and return” as it is written in verse 537 of the Zohar: Concerning the Eyes of Microprosopus… 
If Blavatsky and her followers got the idea from anywhere other than a library that there was an astral hall of cosmic records it was from Tibetan lamas schooled in the all but forgotten ways of the ancient Bon religion. Bon was the mysterious religion of Tibet before Buddhism, a primal type of animism that believes all things animate and inanimate are sourced from an invisible world. 
Ancient Aliens is a show that is often painful to watch yet is a necessity for any serious student of human history. The show has by far its finest moment in its decade long existence when it proposes that the Aborigines concept of the dreamtime matches a leading edge property of String Theory called the “Holographic paradigm.”5 
There are tears in the fabric of Mans reality that upon scrutiny open to abysses of darkness. Quantum entanglement as been proven over and over again in laboratories whose annual budget would bankrupt a small country. Einstein was wrong and his precious “particles” do react with each other by some mechanism that travels faster than light. Anyone who’s ever had a premonition should have known that… 
In the Holographic universe, quantum entanglement the enigma of superluminal interaction between particles –what a baffled Einstein called “spooky action at a distance,” petulantly denying its existence in the face of all the evidence (even then) 6 – is easily explained. What are being observed in particle physics are not particles at all, but different aspects of interference patterns generated by the collision of spherical frequency waves emanating from an Event Horizon. 
The Holographic paradigm postulates, in fact takes it as a given, that at the threshold of the time-space continuum, what physicists call the cosmological horizon, lay the source of everything that is, ever was, or will be. The information that composes the universe is never lost or changed. It’s immutable and is broadcast in oscillating signals, generating a chaotic sea of fluctuating frequencies that are picked up by mans senses and translated by the mind into the three dimensional world in which he finds himself. 
In short; consciousness takes place inside a frequency receiver and “reality” is a television show… 
The empirical evidence is overwhelming that the human brain works in the exact same manner as a hologram. This is called the Holonomic brain theory by neuroscientists. Many just cannot accept its implications. But its founder Karl Pribram, who held professorships for ten years at Yale and thirty at Stanford, was the Albert Einstein of neuroscience… 
Pribram died in the beginning of 2015 at the age of ninety-five after a long and distinguished career working side by side with such giants in science as BF Skinner, Jon von Neumann and David Bohm; arguably the most brilliant physicist that the Anglo-American empire produced during the twentieth century. 
Bohm collaborated closely with Pribram in the formulation of the Holonomic brain theory, but his earlier radical communist political affiliations would have barred him from the inner sanctums of the Stanford Research Institute. 
There at Menlo Park, in the womb of madness, Pribram would have had access to at least some of the classified material of Harold Puthoff and Russell Targ. Throughout the seventies Puthoff and Targ were weaponizing the paranormal for Americas Department of Defense. They were working in the outer limits of quantum entanglement. In fact, Pribram admits to consulting with both Puthoff and Targ about it before beginning his collaboration with Bohm…7 
In the same interview, from years ago, Pribram explains that “when an input comes in through one of the senses to the brain, it has to then become encoded in some way so that there is a representation.”8 Pribram calls these representations memory traces and says they have no localized point of origin in the brain. 
“If you hack away at the brain” in surgery “you would expect that whatever representational process there is and –call it a memory trace if you will– that it would really be impaired tremendously, that you would remove a memory,” like cutting off a piece of a picture. “It doesn’t work that way.” 
Pribram –a highly skilled neurosurgeon– noted among other things for his experimental work at the Yerkes Primate Center, of which he became director, recounts that “when lesions occur in the brain there is never any particular memory trace that is removed.” Recalling from over a half century of experience he continues “you may remove something, like the way to retrieve, to get back out the memory. For instance; you might not be able to talk about it but you can still write a note and say what it is you mean.”9 
But the overall method by which these memories are spread throughout the brain, enabling them to avoid damage from injury, has always been a mystery. 
Pribram explains that it was discovered in the late fifties that the input from the retina is organized in spots, then focused into lines in the cerebral cortex suggesting that the cerebral cortex is filled with cells that act as line detectors. These cells are sensitive to lines at multiple orientations and once you have lines you can create “circles, faces, stick figures, whatever” to formulate images.10 
The idea that the cerebral cortex was interpreting interference patterns can be traced back to Germany in 1906.11 Decades later, John Lashley, Pribram’s mentor at the Yerkes Primate Center, reached the same conclusion. 
Interference patterns can be seen in the water if you cast two stones in a pool. When the series of concentric waves generated by each of the stones clash the resulting confused ripples or wavelets are interference patterns. 
In the interview Pribram asks “what might constitute those interference patterns in the brain” and “given interference patterns, how do you get an image out of that?”12 He then answers his own questions saying both problems were solved when people started building holograms at the University of Michigan and at Stanford (around 1962). He qualifies that by saying “because a hologram is a photographic store of ripples, of interference patterns. Instead of pebbles on a pond, what you have is light beams hitting the film.” 13The light then spreads in ripples over the surface of the film. 
Pribram continues “Every light beam that hits does that and the neighboring ones do it and the neighboring ones and so you got every light beam, every part of a beam essentially spread over the entire surface. That’s why mathematically it’s called a spread function.”14 
In a hologram that spread function is translated into images and with every passing year in neuroscience it becomes more and more apparent, Pribram uses the word “overwhelmingly,”15 that the brain functions in the same manner. 
Pribram goes on to say that “over the last thirty years or so more and more evidence has accumulated to suggest strongly that the cerebral cortex acts as a resonator. It resonates to the frequencies of energies that are being transduced by the receptors; it’s the frequencies of energies.” He emphasizes that this is not an epiphany. German scientists were talking about it in 1906…16 
Holography works by using interference patterns to encode information about a three dimensional object into what is, for all intents and purposes, a two dimensional light beam. The interference patterns can then be translated back into a three dimensional object. A tremendous amount of information can be stored and transferred this way. 
Another profoundly functional feature of the hologram and analogous to the non-locality of memory in the human brain, is that all information is stored throughout the entire hologram. As long as a part of the hologram is big enough to contain the interference pattern, it can recreate the entire image stored in the hologram. 
Holographic technology is based on the Fourier transform, a type of integral transfer sometimes called an improper Riemann integral. The Fourier transform itself is a mathematical function originally used in the nineteenth century to show the transfer of heat between two systems. Fourier transforms are the foundation of Spectral Analysis in the late twentieth and early twenty-first century. 
In a Fourier transform two graphs are created; one showing the frequency domain and the other the time domain. The differential is then mapped between the two domains and through various permutations of the equations a spread sheet is achieved of all the individual frequencies that constitute a function of time, what is defined as a signal… 
Often it is easier to solve a problem in the time domain by working on it in the frequency domain. Afterwards transformation of the result can be made back to the time domain by reversing the equation, what is called an inverse Fourier transform. The entire signal can be filtered simply by changing the frequencies in the frequency domain… 
A Fourier transform can, theoretically, be used to send a function of the three dimensional continuum into a moving four dimensional mass or vice a versa… 
The father of the Holograph is 1971 Nobel Prize recipient Dennis Gabor, who right after WW II produced the math –called windowed Fourier transforms– necessary to make one. Gabor served in a Hungarian artillery unit during WW I and in the twenties was instrumental in the development of the electron microscope in Berlin. When the National Socialists came to power in 1933 Gabor, a Hungarian Jew that had converted to Lutherism, fled Germany to England. 
By the time Gabor worked with them, Fourier transforms had been infused with the genius of Bernhard Riemann, the nineteenth century German mathematician who broke the back of Euclidian geometry for good, making quantum physics and relativity possible. Erwin Schrödinger, the twentieth century Austrian physicist whose wave equation would become one of the two pillars of quantum physics and the foundation of wave mechanics. 
David Hilbert, the German mathematician who taught most of the others and after whom Hilbert’s Space is named, and Werner Heisenberg the discoverer of Heisenberg’s Uncertainty Principle, the other pillar of quantum physics… 
Gabor would have at least had access if not worked directly with the legendary Jon von Neumann, Hilbert’s best pupil. Gabor and von Neumann were both Jews, native Hungarians and born to money, although von Neumann’s education under Hilbert had been paid for by the Rockefeller Foundation. Von Neumann was in fact titled nobility, besides being the man who named Hilbert’s Space in Hilbert’s honor. 
Von Neumann was perhaps the most brilliant mathematician who ever lived. He would leave Berlin upon concluding his tutelage under Hilbert and be in Princeton by the end of 1929… 
At Princeton, von Neumann delighted in playing Prussian marching music so loud on his gramophone that Einstein, who was in an adjoining office, would have to ask the authorities to intervene. In vain, there was nothing Einstein or anyone else could do about it. Von Neumann wrote the textbook for Quantum mechanics; Mathematische Grundlagen der Quantenmechanik, or in English Mathematical Foundations of Quantum Mechanics. 
His mathematical contributions to civilization could fill a library, but his real achievements remain classified till this day. It is said that when von Neumann was dying of cancer, while under sedation he was surrounded by a Special Forces guard to insure he didn’t blurt out any of the empires secrets. 
Von Neumann would tell anyone who would listen, delighted in it, that he had mathematically proven Einstein wrong. Most academics, although they could not understand his math, believed him and still do… Although they are now fonder of the experimental results of John Stewart Bell for their Einstein bashing…17 
Einstein had always insisted that there were hidden variables that when discovered would reconcile quantum physics, which is indeterminate, and relativity, which is determinate. In Einstein’s vision of the future there would be just one unified field of physical phenomena and that would be determinant. 
In physics, determinant means events transpire as a result of a mechanistic necessity and are therefore predictable. They follow laws. All physical phenomena should follow rules. 
But they don’t. In Quantum physics, quantum entanglement is not the only enigma. There is the double slit experiment where an individual particle is fired through a slit and another through a different slit at a screen. What shows up on the screen is a wave interference pattern which could have only been made by waves passing through the slit… 
There is the wave function collapse and quantum randomness in general. If the observer calculates the position of a “sub-atomic particle” in space they cannot calculate its momentum because the very act of locating it influences its trajectory. If they find its momentum, the act of their doing so prevents them from finding its position. That’s the short definition of Heisenberg’s Uncertainty Principle. 
It’s all about predicting probabilities in a matrix, nothing is certain and the observer is part of the equation, anathema to ‘good science…’ 
Erwin Schrödinger, who won the Nobel Prize in 1933 for providing the equation that makes it all work, was more than just a scientist. A philosopher and poet at heart, he was a lifelong student of the Vedas and believed individual consciousness was a manifestation of the universal whole. 
Back then, Schrödinger described the prevailing interpretation of quantum physics, now called the Copenhagen interpretation, as making no distinction “between the state of a natural object and what I know about it, or perhaps better, what I can know about it if I go to some trouble. Actually — so they say — there is intrinsically only awareness, observation, measurement.”18 
The Copenhagen interpretation is the prevailing school of thought in quantum physics to this very day. As George Berkeley, the father of Immaterialism and therefore the Copenhagen interpretation, said three hundred years ago; nothing can exist if there is nothing to see it, “esse est percipi,” to be is to be perceived. 
After serving as an apprentice to the mysterious German scientist; Max Wien, heir of Friedrich Paschen’s late nineteenth century experimental research on hydrogen spectral lines in the infrared region, Schrödinger would begin publishing papers about atomic theory and the theory of spectra in the early twenties… 
He would publish his famous equation in 1926. In the twenty-first century, it’s still the tool mathematicians use to describe a wave function. In the Copenhagen interpretation the wave function is the most complete description that can be given to a physical system. 
In Quantum mechanics the Schrödinger equation predicts probability distributions from which results are drawn. A probability distribution is a mathematical description of a random phenomenon. There are no exact results and at the time Schrödinger is quoted as saying “I don’t like it, and I’m sorry I ever had anything to do with it.”19 
Einstein was livid. Not only was special relativity no longer feasible but perhaps relativity itself. As every school child knows he said “God does not play dice with the universe!” 
Schrödinger worked closely with Einstein in the ensuing years, attempting to formulate a unified field theory and reconcile the whole mess into one determinant science, but by the end of the forties he had abandoned those efforts. In a 1952 lecture, he made the first documentable reference to what has become known as the multiverse, prefacing it by saying that what he was about to say might “seem lunatic.” 20 
Schrödinger went on to tell his perplexed audience that when his equations seem to be describing several different histories they are “not alternatives but all really happen simultaneously…”21 
Famously, in 1956 Schrödinger would refuse to speak about nuclear energy at an important lecture during the World Energy Conference, giving a philosophical lecture instead because he had become skeptical about the entire subject. He would cause a great deal of controversy in the physics community after that, abandoning the idea of particles altogether and adopting the wave-only theory also put forth by Hugh Everett III in his many-worlds interpretation of the multiverse. 
In the many-worlds interpretation, the wave in the quantum state is the only thing that is real and under the appropriate conditions it will exhibit particle-like behavior. In Everett’s multiverse, everything that ever could have happened in the past did and every possibility spawns its own universe where that possibility did and does occur. 
After Jon von Neumann died prematurely of cancer in 1957 Hugh Everett III would become the Anglo-American empires go-to guy on Quantum physics… 
Pilot Waves were first proposed by Einstein in an effort to explain the wave interference patterns produced by particles in cases like the double slit experiment. He had hoped that they could be explained deterministically if the particle were somehow guided by an electromagnetic field; “which would thus play the role of what he called a Führungsfeld or guiding field.”22 
The idea of a pilot wave was picked up and made mathematically feasible by Louis de Broglie in 1927, but with little support from a physics community now enamored by Heisenberg and the Copenhagen interpretation it died a slow death from neglect. 
De Broglie’s math was resurrected by David Bohm in 1952 and renamed Bohmian mechanics. Heisenberg, who had been “profoundly unsympathetic”23 to the idea from its inception in the twenties wrote in 1955 that it was nothing more than an “exact repetition” of the Copenhagen interpretation “in a different language…”24 
Regardless of the value of “Bohmian mechanics” the rest of what David Bohm had to say about the holographic universe may be a summation of everything that was really learned by man in the twentieth century (outside of course all those in this account who had an above top secret clearance…). 
Bohm said there were two worlds. The primary one he called the Implicate Order or the enfolded order. He said the enfolded order was “the ground out of which reality emerges.”25The other world, “reality,” the world of the human senses, the world where consciousness dwells, he called the Explicate Order or the unfolded order. 
“What we take for reality, Bohm argues, are surface phenomena, explicate forms that have temporarily unfolded out of an underlying implicate order. Within this deeper order forms are enfolded within each other so systems which may well be separated in the Explicate Order are contained within each other in the Implicate Order.”26 
Superficially it would appear the two worlds are “dual forms related by an integral transfer” but the reality is the unfolded order cannot exist independent of the enfolded order.27 
Bohm, always a pariah to the powers that be because of his politics sometimes had his work classified before he could even finish it. In the Manhattan project he was barred access to Los Alamos and was not allowed to write the thesis for his own scattering equations. 
Einstein had always been his mentor, shielding him and preventing his ostracism from academia and Bohm had always worked closely with him in Einstein’s quest to save physics as he knew it. But by the end of the war Bohm had come to the conclusion that quantum mechanics would never become a deterministic science. He stopped looking for deterministic mechanisms as the cause of quantum phenomena and set out to show that the events could be attributed to a far deeper underlying reality. 
Bohm’s idea of an Implicate and Explicate order mirror the conclusions reached by Mircea Eliade, the world’s foremost theological scholar of the WW II era… Eliade said there are only the Sacred and the Profane. The Sacred is the place of mythology, where the gods and archetypes dwell together with all the things that establish the very structure of this world. The Sacred is the First Cause of the Gnostics, the alcheringa of the Aborigine and the Implicate Order of Bohmian mechanics. 
The Profane is the material things of this world, the things that have nothing to do with the Sacred. They are basically just like the set in an old black and white movie story… Eliade said they “acquire their reality, their identity, only to the extent of their participation in a transcendent reality.”28 In other words, it is only through its participation in the Sacred that the Profane finds validation. 
Through his myths, his ceremonies and his rituals, even in his behavior and dreams, man manifests the Sacred into the Profane. It is Man himself that breaths reality into the fleeting and phantasmagorical world of the Profane… 
Eliade said that in order to uphold the world of the Profane, the Scared must be manifested into it, over and over again. He called these incarnations, these places where the Sacred intersects with the Profane, the Eternal Return (not to be confused with Nietzsche’s Eternal Return, just as important but more to do with the cycle of the Yuga’s and the Mandela). Eliade called these manifestations of the Sacred into the Profane hierophanies. 
Eliade maintained that all Shamanic practices in cultures uncluttered by the poisons of twentieth century rationalism, indeed the foundation of all Paleolithic spiritual practices, was an attempt to produce these hierophanies. 
No one was, nor ever will be, more influential than Mircea Eliade, not even the vaunted Joseph Campbell. But present day academia with its penchant for semantics and cutting the whole up into smaller and smaller pieces till there is nothing left to see at all (both Pribram29 and Bohm30 warned the world about this), still rails against him. They say Eliade painted all cultures with too broad a brush stroke and seem to feel that their exceptions are more important than his whole, the same mistake Einstein made… But even Eliade’s staunchest critic; Geoffrey Kirk, Regius Professor of Greek at the University of Cambridge from 1974 to 1984 and prolific author himself, concedes that what Eliade said about the Eternal Return fit the culture of Australia’s aborigines like Cinderella’s slipper… 
There has always been something dark and foreboding about Australia. Master of horror H P Lovecraft wrote about it in The Shadow out of Time. There is something menacing, something unspoken and threatening, a nameless fear of the stark and unforgiving land and an instinctual loathing of its native aborigine inhabitants that runs like an unseen current through the hard White men who dispossessed them. 
In 1770 a British exploratory expedition led by James Cook would land in Botany Bay where the great city of Sidney now stands. They began shooting the natives immediately and the fighting would continue for over a hundred and fifty years. It finally subsided after the Coniston massacre in 1928 in the Northern Territory, which left over a hundred Aborigine dead. 
Overall the fighting left thousands of Whites dead and hundreds of thousands of Aborigines. There were no pitched battles; the fighting was at close quarters, often hand to hand before repeating rifles were invented and savagely brutal, more like gang fights than military engagements. Atrocities were committed by both sides and in the interest of political correctness a well documented history of cannibalism among the Aborigine has been kept suppressed by the authorities.31 
The Aborigine bore no animosity towards Whites because of their skin color. Eating the dead was strictly business in a land where distances are endless and the sun relentless. As settlers claimed the rights to all Australia’s fertile land the Stone Age hunting and gathering lifestyle of the Aborigine provided less and less sustenance. Resentment, and hunger, became inevitable. 
But a journal from as late as 1849 explains how the Aborigine viewed Whites as their “ancestors who have returned to them again.”32 The archived diary describes how the Aborigine, before eating each other, would “scorch off the entire outer skin or epidermis which reveals the ‘true skin’ which in all branches of the human race is quite white.”33 
“Their impression being that when they die ‘The black fellow England walk and by and by jump up white fellow.’”34 Australia is rivaled for geological anomalies only by its nearest neighbor Papua New Guinea. Both have stood in isolation for what academia says is sixty thousand years. Only their indigenous tribes, more like ghosts than men, can testify as to what cataclysmic events they may have witnessed. 
In the Kimberley region of Western Australia four thousand year old cave paintings depict fantastic beings from the dreamtime called Wandgina. Local Aborigine believe the actions of the Wandgina in the dreamtime manifest themselves as features in the landscape of Australia’s Great Western Desert. They believe these beings control the wind, the rain and the lighting… The Wandgina 
Rising like a specter out of the center of the Australian continent and on an otherwise almost unbroken horizon is Uluru or Ayers Rock, an isolated hill that appears like a single great stone has been imbedded into the earth. Uluru, a Mecca for tourists, is famous for its glowing red appearance at dusk and dawn and is sacred to the Aborigine. 
At two miles long, over a mile wide and eleven hundred feet high Uluru is by far Australia’s best known geological anomaly. But just as striking is Kata Tjuta, fifteen and a half miles to the west and Mount Conner, slightly to the south and forty-five miles east of Uluru. 
Kata Tjuta or the Olga’s consists of thirty six domes covering a little less than eight and half square miles, the tallest being Mount Olga at over seventeen hundred feet high. Mount Conner covers eight and half square miles and rises nine hundred and eighty-four feet at its highest point. All of them are conglomerates of granite-like stone and gravel cemented by a matrix of sandstone, about 50% feldspar, 25–35% quartz and up to 25% rock fragments. 
Explanations abound for how the island mountains, called inselbergs by academics, got to be in the western desert. They range from the electric universe theory which postulates that they are the result of an immense electrical discharge, to creationism which of course believes they were scoured out by the deluge, all the way to academia’s old standby of a greased pig, erosion… 
Local Aborigines believe most of the south face of Uluru is the result of a war fought in the dreamtime between the carpet-snakes (Kunyia) and the venomous-snakes (Liru). The northwestern corner of Uluru and most of its north face were formed as a result of the activities of the hare-wallaby’s (Mala) and the comings and goings of other dreamtime entity’s fill in the rest of Uluru’s geological features. 
To the Aborigine it is the dreamtime that generates this world and with it the landscape… 
Black Mountain National Park is located at the northern end of Queensland, a little over five miles from the Coral Sea. “The park” is just a restricted three square mile area around a pile of dark colored granite boulders, some the size of houses. The pile reaches almost a thousand feet in height. Academics have explanations for this striking geological anomaly but to the untrained and perhaps the more objective eye the boulders appear to have been placed there by unknown methods for unknown reasons. 
Black Mountain has a sinister reputation among Whites as well as the Aborigine. The Aborigine call it Kalkajaka or place of the spear and avoid it. People disappear around Kalkajaka and the people who go looking for them disappear too. 
Some believe the missing have simply been lost forever in the labyrinthine passages between the boulders. Others claim the missing were eaten or enslaved by reptilian aliens that, among other things, have been sighted around the rocks. They believe reptilian aliens have a secret base under Black Mountain where UFO sightings are a regular occurrence. 
UFO’s have been receiving a lot of attention lately in Australia. An Australian himself, Duncan Roads –editor of Nexus Magazine for over a quarter century and the most respected name in the alternative media– recounts “Australia is certainly a hot spot of UFO sightings. We’ve had a phenomenal growth in the reporting of UFO sightings by the general public especially since the advent of the internet.”35 
Roads points to the area around the Blue Mountains in Australia’s New South Wales “as a hotspot of UFO sightings and other mysteries. There is certainly a lot of mystery in the Blue Mountains. Campers, bushwalkers, explorers all have got tails of mystery, disappearing people, strange tunnels, strange noises and strange creature sightings…”36 
According to Aboriginal tribal elder Kevin Gavi Duncan “the Blue Mountains is a very sacred area, sacred place, especially the highest places, because we would be closer to Baiame, closer to god.”37 
The human disappearances in the Blue Mountains seem to be focused around Mount Yengo. Called the Uluru of the east, the flat top of Mt. Yengo rises about a thousand feet above a plateau and is believed by academics to be all that remains of an ancient volcano. Perhaps because of its prominent flat top, Aborigine tribes believe that after he was done with the act of creating this world their creator god Baiame leapt back up into the spirit world from Mt. Yengo. 
Roads continues “UFO sightings of the Blue Mountains have triggered many magazine articles, radio shows and books. A lot of people have come forward over the last few decades to document and put onto the record their own experiences.”38 Rex Gilroy, author of Mysterious Australia, has unearthed accounts of UFO sightings in the Blue Mountains by nineteenth century pioneers…39 
Ancient Aliens straight man David Hatcher Childress theorizes that the Blue Mountains are a “stargate, some portal to another dimension and jumping to hyperspace perhaps…”40 Childress speculates “For some reason Australia was the place where they put this hyperspace portal used by extra terrestrials.”41 
Duncan continues “there are stories that elders would say, that some people have actually travelled back to the Morning Star and have come back again.”42 Earlier, standing in front of an ancient rock carving depicting Baiame about forty miles southeast of Mt. Yengo, Duncan explained “Baiame came from a place that we call the Morning Star within the Mirrabooka. Mira means stars and booka means river. That is the Milky Way that flows across the North Star. ”43 Baiame, Bulgandry Aboriginal Engraving site, Brisbane Water National Park, New South Wales, Australia 
Duncan then gives his interpretation of the petroglyph. Baiame “holds the Moon in one hand and the Morning Star in the other. Which is a bit like what we call planet earth and these are the two moons which exist around the Morning Star in the Mirrabooka.”44 
What the petroglyph shows is Baiame with his arms outstretched and a giant knife horizontal across his naval. The hilt is under his left arm. He is holding a circle in his right hand and a crescent in his left. Below the crescent is another circle suspended in mid air and slightly smaller than the one he holds in his right hand. To the right of the free floating circle, perfectly horizontal to it, is a much smaller almost tiny circle. Slightly to the right of the tiny circle and above it is another tiny circle.45 
If the two tiny circles are rotated about two hundred and eighty degrees clockwise or ninety degrees counter clockwise so that the tiny circle that was furthest from Baiame is now in the hilt of the knife you would have close to an image of what, left to right, is in the middle of Australia. Mount Conner would be the large circle, now furthest right. 
The Three Sisters rock formation is about fifty miles to the Southwest of Mt. Yengo. The three craggy pillars of sandstone tower above the lush Jamison Valley. No doubt conjuring memories in Australia’s early Anglo-Saxon settlers of the three Wyrd Sisters crouched at their cauldron casting spells on both gods and men in Shakespeare’s Macbeth. 
Wyrd is an old Anglo-Saxon word meaning destiny, to come to pass, to become. By the fifteenth century it had come to mean having the power to control fate. In sixteenth century Scotland and northern England wyrd implied that an event was miraculous. It wasn’t till the early nineteenth century that weird came to mean something was odd. The Proto-Indo-European root is wert meaning to turn or to rotate… 
In the 1965 epic science fiction novel Dune by Frank Herbert the Wyrding Way is an overwhelming close quarter fighting technique used by the story’s messianic hero and his rebel armies with devastating effectiveness. In hand to hand combat its adepts are able to maneuver around and strike their opponents at speeds that resemble teleportation to the observer and words and sounds can be amplified to become lethal weapons. 
Mastery of the Wyrding Way required the adoption of a completely different concept of what the space-time continuum is and what its cause and effect are. The essence of the Wyrding Way is summed up in both the motto and the mantra of its practitioners “my mind affects my reality.” 
Wyrd is a notion taken from the pre-Christian religion of the Norseman. In Old Norse the word is Urðr. It is also the name of the mother of the Norns, female beings who rule over the destiny of gods and men. There are many Norns, good and evil, who appear at a person’s side at their birth and decide upon their future. 
Urðr (fate), Verðandi (present) and Skuld (karmic debt) are the most powerful of the Norns and said to have come to intervene in a time long past when the gods ruled too haughtily over men. The three beautiful maidens pour the purifying waters of the Urðarbrunnr (Well of Urðr) over the Yggdrasil (Tree of Life) to keep it eternally rejuvenated. 
The Urðarbrunnr is said to be one of three wells, one under each of the three roots of the Yggdrasil. Each root reaches to a different far off land. The other two wells are Hvergelmir (bubbling boiling spring), located beneath a root in Niflheim (Abode of Mist), and Mímisbrunnr (Mímir’s well), located beneath a root near the home of the frost jötnar (Giant). It was said that Odin gave one of his eyes to drink from the Mímisbrunnr, the well of wisdom and understanding. 
Aside from Tasmania and parts of New Zealand Australia’s Blue Mountains is the last real stop in the Pacific Ocean before the Antarctic. The Blue Mts. are about as far away as you can get from the land of the Norsemen on the Baltic Sea. But as Caroline Cory author of The Visible and Invisible Worlds of God notes “there are several umbilical cords on the planet. This particular location is located exactly at negative thirty-three latitude.”46 
Cory then recites the standard alien enthusiast dogma about the thirty-three degree latitude of planet earth aligning with the center of the galaxy and how it is “continuously being visited from different parts of the planetary system from different parts of the galaxy and even from beyond this galaxy, from way out in the universe.”47 
Most amateur UFO enthusiasts have never heard of Bruce Cathie and his book; Harmonic 33, published way back in 1968. But most professional researchers are well acquainted with the book and many new age authors use Cathie’s math to validate their Tinkerbellian speculations. 
“Even while you read this interplanetary space ships are rebuilding a world grid system from which it appears they can draw motive power and they are possibly using the grid for navigational purposes.” 48 
This is the cover sentence in Harmonic 33. There are rumors that the original book was immediately pulled from bookstore shelves, edited, then rereleased with Cathie put under wraps and assigned a handler, never to produce anything again of any consequence for the general public, though he would write a few more books. 
Cathie, a New Zealand airline pilot, saw his first UFO in 1952. He would be fascinated till he died in 2013. He began collecting data and collating it with sightings by other pilots over New Zealand. Using techniques borrowed from French UFO researcher Aimé Michel he was able to establish two track lines where aerial anomalies were being regularly encountered. From there he “was able to form a complete grid network over the whole of the New Zealand…”49 
Cathie learned that the American survey ship Eltanin had taken some of the strangest photographs of the twentieth century off the west coast of South America. There, thirteen thousand feet beneath the waves mounted on the pacific sea bed was an “aerial-like object” that was “two-to-three-feet high and had six main crossbars spaced evenly up its stem with a smaller one at the top. Each set of crossbars had a small ball at the end of each arm.”50 
Later one of the scientists who had been on board the Eltanin told Cathie the object was thought to be metallic and an artifact of some kind. Cathie was able to align his New Zealand grid with the coordinates of the artifact fashioning what he reasoned was a world energy grid and perhaps used as a galactic navigational tool by extra-terrestrials. 
Interestingly enough, in light of Erwin Schrödinger’s actions at the World Energy Conference in 1956, Cathie did not believe nuclear weapons could be detonated randomly but would have to be at exactly the right coordinates at exactly the right time to work. Using his world energy grid he started publically predicting the exact times and places of test sites before they got him muzzled… 
In Cathie’s own words “It was only a matter of time before I realized that the energy network formed by the grid was already known to a powerful group of international interests and scientists. It became obvious that the system had many military applications, and that political advantage could be gained by those with secret knowledge of this nature. It would be possible for a comparatively small group, with this knowledge, to take over control of the world.” 51 
Cathie concluded that the “whole of physical reality was in fact manifested by a complex pattern of interlocking wave-forms.”52 
Aliens are a very grey area, as is reality itself. What the Explicate Order translates out of the Implicate Order, what the Sacred manifests in the Profane, they are like points in a wave that show up as a particle. Just as surely they are guided only by Heisenberg’s Uncertainty Principle… 
Something is going on in the Blue Mountains, always has been. It’s been categorized by twenty-first century academia as paranormal but it’s something Australia’s aboriginal people are well acquainted with. 
Duncan Roads is the man who introduced Bruce Cathie to the general public. He knows words like von Neumann knew numbers. He says “the Australian aborigines have a connection and a relationship with what we call extra terrestrials and UFO’s which goes back tens of thousands of years. Their rather nonplussed by their existence, they have developed an awareness of individual types of visitors from what we call outer space.”53 
The Three Sisters crouch at the south edge of the town of Katoomba, an Anglo-Saxon enclave of artists and artisans. They can be viewed from its golf course and are the most famous landmark in The City of Blue Mountains, a ribbon of contiguous towns, which lie on New South Wales Main Western railway line. The City of Blue Mountains has dubbed itself ‘The City within a World Heritage National Park.’ It has Sister City Relationships with Sanda City, Japan and Flagstaff, Arizona in the USA. 
Located in the southwest of the Four Corners, an area famed for its paranormal activities, Flagstaff is the unofficial capital of the Navaho (Diné) Nation and the Hopi, the priestly tribe who are the keepers of the Diné’s most profound secrets. 
Like a penitent kneeling at the foot of the alter Flagstaff prostrates itself at the south foot of Agassiz Peak, Freemont Peak and Doyle Peak in the Kachina Peaks Wilderness. 
To the Hopi this area, part of the San Francisco Peaks, the remains of an eroded composite volcano, is the most sacred place in the Four Corners. In fact it is the most sacred place in the world… 
The San Francisco Peaks are where the doorways open up for their gods, which they call Kachina, to come forth when they are called in the powerful ceremonies performed by the Hopi. 
The Kachina are supernatural beings said to control the wind, the rain and the lighting… 
At 11,464 feet Doyle Peak was the site of the world’s highest astronomical observation point from 1927-1932. Built by the Lowell Observatory, the stated purpose of the cabin on the south side of the summit was to scan the heavens and make spectroscopic observations, especially in ultraviolet and infrared wavelengths… 
In 2005 “a collaborative project team formed, the heart of which is still active today, including NASA scientists, Navajo Medicine Men, and both NASA and Navajo educators.”54 Flagstaff is the home of the Lowell Observatory, the U.S. Naval Observatory and the United States Geological Survey Flagstaff Station… Rock art from Sego Canyon at the northern frontier of the Four Corners. 
Citations 
1 – Reid, Nick, and Patrick D. Nunn. “Ancient Aboriginal Stories Preserve History of a Rise in Sea Level.” The Conversation. 13 Jan. 2015. Web. 25 July 2016. http://theconversation.com/ancient-aboriginal-stories-preserve-history-of-a-rise-in-sea-level-36010 
2 – Ibid. 
3 – “Ancient Aliens S11E07 – The Wisdom Keepers.” 11:00. YouTube, 7 July 2016. Web. 26 July 2016. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-mX1eWoj6I 
4 –Ibid. 29:33. 
5 –Ibid. 30:09. 
6– MARKOFF, JOHN. “Sorry, Einstein. Quantum Study Suggests ‘Spooky Action’ Is Real.” Science. New York Times, 21 Oct. 2015. Web. 3 Aug. 2016. http://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/22/science/quantum-theory-experiment-said-to-prove-spooky-interactions.html?_r=0 
7 – “Karl Pribram ‘Holographic Brain’ New Dimensions 1:12:52.” Youtube. Insightfreeman, 5 Dec. 2012. Web. 15 Aug. 2016. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awFleswtH2Y 
8 –Ibid. 23:34.",0
11007,Valentin Katasonov: America is in agony and Trump is the doctor,"

November 12, 2016 - Fort Russ 

Neyromir TV (Video)  - Valentin Katasonov - Translated from Russian by Kristina Kharlova 


The heated discussion in the media is a diversion - focused on marginal issues appealing to emotions, while much graver issues that are at stake are hidden behind the scenes, explains Valentin Katasonov, p rofessor, associate member of the Russian Academy of Economic Science and Business. 




Part 1 (00.00-14.00) 





V.K: Trump understands the situation. I didn't expect him to be so open about revealing all the ills. He is revealing many of the secrets. This is better for America - to face the diagnosis, than to conceal it from  the patient.  

As you know interest rates in the countries of the Golden billion are below the floor.  Last year when interest rates were slightly raised, this caused serious consequences . Christine Lagarde appealed to stop or the global economy will crash. They did not raise interest rates again as planned. Not in the first or the second quarter. They are in a very difficult situation. Trump said if interest rates are raised America will default, because most of the budget will go to pay for interest rates.  

Trump probably wants to save capitalism, but capitalism without interest rates is nonsense. Trump  is a defender of capitalism. 

Host: Who is Hillary Clinton? 

V.K.: She doesn't say who she is, she is focused on some marginal subjects, like rights of minorities or climate change. We understand that these are silly games. 

Host: But climate change is real? 

V.K.: You know I was involved in this as part of World Bank and I know their schemes. Although there might be something going on, I can assure that they don't really care about it.  

Host: What about the ruble? 

V.K. It depends when this apocalypse will take place. The dropping of the ruble is part of the plan of the occupation. 

Only God knows when this apocalypse will happen, may be not next week, could be few months of years for sure, because all the resources have been exhausted. Trump senses this very well, and he wants to save capitalism and America, and for this he wants to negotiate with the lenders and restructure American debt. In reality America is working on new technologies which don't require any negotiations, I am taking about Iran. As you know in the beginning of 2o16 Uncle Sam said we are finally cancelling sanctions and unfreeze Iran's foreign assets. 

There are many conditions, some things are written down. Iran is not happy that America is writing off $2 billion to cover losses from terrorist act in Lebanon in 1983. I looked at some documents, Iran had nothing to do with it, but Uncle Sam found them guilty, just like those in 9/11. It turns out the culprit was Saudi Arabia.  

Host: But Saudi Arabia threatened to sell treasuries and was taken off the list of culprits? 

V.K. Who will let them sell it? Treasuries are in the depositories, it's a double key system, Saudi Arabia has one key and Uncle Sam has another key 

Host: Why is Russia buying these treasuries while in a crisis? We did mention this is a levy, but if we don't develop our industry and science nothing will help us? 

V.K. You know some of our elites hope they have an second base in the USA, the 'unsinkable'. We know some people have already set up base there, like the first deputy minister of finance. Some are closer, like the former minister of agriculture is in France. It is easier to count those who did not leave. This shows we are dealing with colonial administration which receives basic guarantees for citizenship in the US, France, GB. 

Host: Their policies lead to total collapse, what if the owners are not happy? 

V.K.: You know, lets not overestimate the masters, they act as parasites. Parsites keep feeding not thinking that the food will run out and they may also perish. They don't see beyond their nose. 

Speaking of Iran, according to Iran, their foreign reserves comprise $130 billion, according to US - $100 billion, half of them are gold and currency reserves belonging to Iran's Central bank, or the Sovereign fund of Iran. I think they will eat up these 130 billion very fast, because after the $2 billion, US announced they will demand $11.5 billion for 9/11. The appetite comes during the meal. The Iranian parliament discussed a bill to allow the government to begin a case about damages to Iran by USA. A working group will inventory all the events and estimate them.  

Today the world is entering a repatriation game, this is a commercialization of international relations and monetizing of our history. This is very important to Russian Federation. Baltic countries continue to work on such demands, especially Latvia. Ukraine is a little different. While the Baltics refer to Soviet occupation, Ukraine is talking about Crimea. Monetizing losses from events in Donbass and so on. I am just saying we should be a step ahead, we must prepare the same contra-measures. 



Don't get caught up in the media's agenda, dig deeper and think with your own head! - KK 



Part 2 coming soon... 


     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
11008,#2816: Clinton Pride’s 8(a) Pig Farm Bridge – Serco Zulu Server Snuff –Soros's Patented Voter Key,"United States Marine Field McConnell  Plum City Online - ( AbelDanger.net )  October 26, 2016 
1. Abel Danger ( AD ) claims that Hillary Clinton used DOJ Pride 8(a) actors to blackmail mentors of the Federal Bridge Certification Authority – including erstwhile directors of Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Raytheon and Northrop Grumman – with child pornography originating from a B.C. pig farm. 

2. AD claims that in early 2001, Clinton's 8(a) companies used their pig-farm network (cf. Starnet) to set up a server to the federal bridge in the basement of her Chappaqua home where she allegedly used Serco Zulu timing signals to synchronize and watch 'the first live-broadcast mass snuff film in human history' on 9/11. 

3. AD claims that Serco 8(a) companies at the US Patent and Trademark Office have issued phony keys for an electronic voting pad input device (US 7537159 B2) so the George Soros-tied company Smartmatic can switch votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton – a former patent lawyer in Little Rock, Arkansas. 

4. United States Marine Field McConnell – Global Operations Director of Abel Danger – has offered to serve as a five-star general in a Trump administration and destroy Clinton's pig farm friends at DOJ Pride and the federal bridge with which they can activate weaponized devices through the Serco patent office. 


Soros Linked Voting Machines To Be Used In Key Battleground States   
Note the ransom equals the bonus paid by Lockheed Martin Sister Lynne Cheney to JonBenet's father 

Media Coverage of Starnet Raid - August 20, 1999   

Hillary Clinton vs. James Comey: Email Scandal Supercut  
Copy of SERCO GROUP PLC: List of Subsidiaries AND Shareholders! [Note British and Saudi Governments, AXA, HSBC , Teachers' and Gold man Sachs]    
Defense Ammunition Center [Outsourced to Serco ]   
Serco ... Would you like to know more?  

""Digital Fires Instructor Serco - Camp Pendleton, CA Uses information derived from all military disciplines (e.g., aviation, ground combat, command and control, combat service support, intelligence, and opposing forces) to determine changes in enemy capabilities, vulnerabilities, and probable courses of action."" 

"" Serco Processes 2 Millionth Patent Application for U.S. Patent and Trademark Office   
Date: 18 Mar 2013  
Serco Inc., a leading provider of professional, technology, and management services to the federal government, announced today that their Pre-Grant Publication (PGPubs) Classification Services team recently processed their 2 millionth patent application for the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office (USPTO). Each application was also processed within the contractually required 28-day window."" 

For sure, defence counsel have made much of Taylor's involvement with the missing and murdered women, all but pointing the finger at her as homicidal maniac, the real killer. What's not in dispute is that Taylor is one scary character ? street-hardened, menacing, a procurer of prostitutes lured to the Pickton farm, contemptuous of both sex-trade workers (especially street walkers) and drug addicts. 

""Concern Grows Over Soros-Linked Voting Machines   
Sixteen states may be using balloting equipment from a company tied to the leftist billionaire  
by Edmund Kozak | Updated 24 Oct 2016 at 5:21 PM  
Concern is growing over revelations that voting machines in a significant number of states could be linked to a company tied directly to billionaire leftist George Soros and his personal quest to create a nationless, borderless global state. 

The U.K.-based Smartmatic company posted a flow-chart on its website that it had provided voting machines for 16 states, including important battleground states like Florida and Arizona. Smartmatic Chairman Mark Malloch-Brown is a former U.N. official and sits on the board of Soros’ Open Society Foundations. Since the story first broke, the flow-chart has disappeared from Smartmatic’s website, raising further questions about the real status of the Soros-tied voting equipment and whether it is truly being deployed in U.S. elections. 

If Malloch-Brown's Soros ties weren't troubling enough, he also has ties to the Clintons through his work at two consulting firms. 

According to a spokesperson for the National Association of Secretaries of State, Smartmatic is not on a list of federally certified providers for election systems and officials in several states’ have contested that their equipment came from Smartmatic. Why, then, had Smartmatic bragged about providing over 50,000 voting machines for U.S. elections?"" 

""Check http://www.gmanetwork.com/news/story/309533/opinion/why-have-all-the-digital-signatures-from-the-election-returns-been-stripped "" 

""Electronic voting pad input device, system and method  
US 7537159  
B2 ABSTRACT  
In the preferred embodiment, the invention is a data entry device intended for use by voters during an election to enter selected choices. Its basic functions are to display available options and accept voter input. Its design achieves simplicity in its preparation, deployment, and operation at any given electoral event. It also furnishes accuracy, reliability, durability, and reusability. It connects in a standard protocol to a voting station's host processor. It accepts up to 300 key codes, each one potentially a unique selection. Names, symbols, or pictures identifying candidates are printed on a paper template compliant with the device's geometry, inserted prior to an election, and visible through the device's transparent cover. When the number of candidates or valid options in a contest exceeds its capacity, additional identical units can be chain-connected, until a sufficient number of voting options are available. 

Publication number: US7537159 B2  
Publication type: Grant  
Application number: US 11/160,782  
Publication date: May 26, 2009  
Filing date: Jul 8, 2005  
Priority date: Jul 8, 2005  
Fee status: Paid  
Also published as: US20070007340   
Inventors: Antonio Mugica , 4 More »  
Original Assignee: Smartmatic International Corporation   
Export Citation: BiBTeX, EndNote, Ref Man Patent Citations (12), Referenced by (4), Classifications (7), Legal Events (7)  
External Links: USPTO , USPTO Assignment , Espacenet "" 

""BREAKING: @HillaryClinton's E-Mail Server Company Got Almost $1 Million In Gov't Loans After Wiping E-Mails   
OCTOBER 26, 2016  
BY CHARLES C. JOHNSON 6 COMMENTS  
Give it up already. It's over. K. J. Gillenwater was the primary researcher behind this story. 

Hillary Clinton's e-mail server company got almost $1 million in government loans starting immediately after they were secretly asked to wipe Hillary Clinton's name from her e-mails. 

Platte River Networks (PRN) got a $493,000 loan from the Small Business Administration in August 2014 and another $350,000 loan in September 2015: 

Public government data available as USAspending.gov 

The first half-million dollar loan arrived not one month after PRN employee Paul Combetta was caught accidentally revealing his company was deleting evidence at Hillary's request in July 2014 . 

The second $350,000 loan came about one year later. 

You won't hear this stuff from the lying mainstream media. Keep the GotNews mission alive: donate at GotNews.com/donate or send tips to editor@gotnews.com. If you'd like to join our research team, contacteditor@gotnews.com. 

After getting the first loan, PRN moved to a large office space after previously working out of the owner’s condo. The head of the Small Business Administration is Maria Contreras-Sweet , a Mexican immigrant who was appointed to the office by Barack Obama two months before Hillary's PRN got the first loan. 

WikiLeaks leaks have proven Hillary's corrupt pay-to-play scheme. GotNews has shined a light on how Hillary gets favors from Hispanic and Democratic government bureaucrats before . 

Did Hillary Clinton pay her e-mail server company Platte River Networks (PRN) with almost $1 million in favorable government loans — given out by a political friendly — in order to alter her illegal e-mails and get her name off them? 

It sure looks like it. 

A Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request has been lodged for more information. 

Stay tuned for more. 

K. J. Gillenwater was the primary researcher behind this story."" 

""WHY BILL CLINTON'S 26 TRIPS ON THE LOLITA EXPRESS CHILD RAPE JET MATTER May 15, 2016  
Daniel Greenfield   
We don't know what Bill Clinton did or didn't do in company with Jeffrey Epstein. But we certainly know what Epstein did and, almost as outrageously, what he got away with doing . 

Some of the most shocking allegations against Epstein surfaced only after the conclusion of an FBI probe, in civil suits brought by his victims: for example, the claim that three 12-year-old French girls were delivered to him as a birthday present. But the feds did identify roughly 40 young women, most of them underage at the time, who described being lured to Epstein's Palm Beach home on the pretense of giving a ""massage"" for money, then pressured into various sex acts, as well as the ""Balkan sex slave"" Epstein allegedly boasted of purchasing from her family when she was just 14. More recently, a big cash payment from Mail on Sunday coaxed one of Epstein's main accusers out of anonymity to describe what she claims were her years as a teenage sex toy. This victim, Virginia Roberts, produced a photo of herself with Prince Andrew in 2001 and reported that Epstein paid her $15,000 to meet the prince. Then 17 years old, she claims that she was abused by Epstein and ""loaned"" to his friends from the age of 15. 

Sex crimes of the kind Roberts alleges took place typically carry a term of 10 to 20 years in federal prison. Yet when all was said and done, Epstein served his scant year-plus-one-month in a private wing of the Palm Beach jail and was granted a 16-hour-per-day free pass to leave the premises for work. 

In short, Epstein was never actually in jail. During his ""house arrest,"" he flew around the country on his jets from his New York City place to his private island. At least one of Epstein's victims claimed to have met Bill Clinton. And it turns out that Bill Clinton was a much more regular passenger on the Lolita Express. 

Former President Bill Clinton was a much more frequent flyer on a registered sex offender's infamous jet than previously reported, with flight logs showing the former president taking at least 26 trips aboard the ""Lolita Express"" -- even apparently ditching his Secret Service detail for at least five of the flights, according to records obtained by FoxNews.com. 

Clinton's presence aboard Jeffrey Epstein's Boeing 727 on 11 occasions has been reported, but flight logs show the number is more than double that, and trips between 2001 and 2003 included extended junkets around the world with Epstein and fellow passengers identified on manifests by their initials or first names, including ""Tatiana."" The tricked-out jet earned its Nabakov-inspired nickname because it was reportedly outfitted with a bed where passengers had group sex with young girls. 

It doesn't help that the Democratic establishment seems to have played a role in getting Epstein a pass on child rape, that Bill Clinton already had rape accusations in his past or that the Clintons had become notorious for their willingness to do favors for criminals in exchange for money. 

Either way we've come a long way from Gary Hart being bounced for ""Monkey Business"" to Bill Clinton flying around on a child rapist's plane without anyone in the media seeming to care much about it. 

Social conservatives often get a bad rap. But there really is no limit to how low standards can fall when any trace of a moral code vanishes out the window. What did Bill Clinton actually do? Who knows. More importantly these days, who cares 

ABOUT DANIEL GREENFIELD 

Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the Freedom Center, is a New York writer focusing on radical Islam."" 

""For sure, defence counsel have made much of Taylor's involvement with the missing and murdered women, all but pointing the finger at her as homicidal maniac, the real killer. What's not in dispute is that Taylor is one scary character ? street-hardened, menacing, a procurer of prostitutes lured to the Pickton farm, contemptuous of both sex-trade workers (especially street walkers) and drug addicts. 

""She's pure evil,'' says one outreach worker, who asked that her name not be used in any story about Taylor. 

... 

Court has heard that Taylor's DNA was found on 113 items retrieved from the Pickton property ? including handcuffs, condoms, clothing, syringes ? and also on items that belonged to some victims ? Brenda Wolfe's lipstick, Mona Wilson's rosary. 

One witness, Pickton pal Pat Casanova, told the court he once received fellatio from a woman he knew as ""Angel,"" who'd been brought to the farm by Taylor. He said he gave the money to Taylor, who shared some of it with ""Angel."" 

Another witness, Gina Houston, put Taylor on the same bed with victim Sereena Abotsway, in Pickton's trailer. 

In his lengthy police interview, Pickton repeatedly tells police he wants to speak with Taylor. 

On the stand, Houston recounted a conversation she'd had with Pickton about Taylor, shortly before his arrest. 

""Willie told me that he believed she (Taylor) would do the right thing when she came back. That she would take responsibility for what she said she would take responsibility for."" 

Source 

Jeff Wells points to other odd things. 

A week or so ago a man called Steve Remian committed suicide-by-cop but: The name ""Steve Remian"" surfaced at the Robert ""Willie"" Pickton murder trial in New Westminster, B.C., last March, when jurors were told that Remian's name ? with a Burnaby, B.C., address ? was on the label of a suitcase packed into a box found in Pickton's workshop. 

In April, jurors heard further evidence that DNA testing on two hairs found on a Hudson's Bay blanket removed from Pickton's motorhome linked one to Pickton, and the other to a ""Steve Remian."" 

A source involved in the Oakville shooting investigation told the Star that the man shot by police had been charged with sexual assault earlier in life while living in Oakville, but had been acquitted, although a co-accused was convicted. 

Source 

It does seem like a regular hive of activity: Robert Pickton's pig farm was a constant buzz of activity, with people and vehicles coming and going all the time, a woman who lived in Pickton's trailer for a time testified on Wednesday. 

Tanya Carr, 35, told the jury in Pickton's murder trial that people were coming and going all day long at the Port Coquitlam, B.C., farm and it wasn't unusual for people to show up late at night looking for Pickton or his brother Dave. 

Source 

Also there are those Hells Angels and the ""Piggy Palace"": 

""It was a rough crowd"" at Piggy's Palace, said Brian, a musician who played there a few years ago with the hard-rock band South City Slam. 

The nightclub, he said, was inside an old building on a property Dave Pickton and his brother Robert own at 2552 Burns Rd., near their pig farm on Dominion Road in Port Coquitlam.... 

""Even the women were tough- looking -- a lot of leather and denim. It wasn't a cocktail-gown kind of place ,"" he recalled. 

Brian, who didn't want his last name used, recalled that there was a coat-check girl and a sign saying, ""Check your knives and other weapons at the door."" ... 

The crowd at Piggy's Palace often included men wearing Hells Angels biker club colours. 

""They were there a lot,"" said Brian. ""The people who came all seemed to know one another.""  

""Super Serco bulldozes ahead  
By DAILY MAIL REPORTER UPDATED: 23:00 GMT, 1 September 2004 
SERCO has come a long way since the 1960s when it ran the 'four-minute warning' system to alert the nation to a ballistic missile attack. 

Today its £10.3bn order book is bigger than many countries' defence budgets. It is bidding for a further £8bn worth of contracts and sees £16bn of 'opportunities'. 

Profit growth is less ballistic. The first-half pre-tax surplus rose 4% to £28.1m, net profits just 1% to £18m. Stripping out goodwill, the rise was 17%, with dividends up 12.5% to 0.81p. 

Serco runs the Docklands Light Railway, five UK prisons, airport radar and forest bulldozers in Florida.""  

"" Serco farewell to NPL after 19 years of innovation 8 January 2015 Serco said goodbye to the National Physical Laboratory (NPL) at the end of December 2014 after 19 years of extraordinary innovation and science that has seen the establishment build a world-leading reputation and deliver billions of pounds of benefit for the UK economy. During that period under Serco 's management and leadership, NPL has delivered an extraordinary variety and breadth of accomplishments for the UK's economy and industry. Some of the key achievements during that time have been:… It has been estimated that work carried out by the Centre of Carbon Measurement at NPL will save eight million tonnes of carbon emissions reductions (2% of UK footprint) and over half a billion pounds in economic benefit over the next decade…. NPL's caesium fountain atomic clock is accurate to 1 second in 158 million years and NPL is playing a key role in introducing rigour to high frequency trading [for Serco 's front running banks] in the City through NPL [Zulu] Time."" 

""UK Cabinet Office – Emergency Planning College – Serco …..Types of Exercise Workshop Exercises These are structured discussion events where participants can explore issues in a less pressurised environment. They are an ideal way of developing solutions, procedures and plans rather than the focus being on decision making. Table Top Exercises These involve a realistic scenario and will follow a time line, either in real-time or with time jumps to concentrate on the more important areas. The participants would be expected to be familiar with the plans and procedures that are being used although the exercise tempo and complexity can be adjusted to suit the current state of training and readiness. Simulation and media play can be used to support the exercise. Table-top exercises help develop teamwork and allow participants to gain a better understanding of their roles and that of other agencies and organisations. Command/Control Post Exercises These are designed primarily to exercise the senior leadership and support staff in collective planning and decision making within a strategic grouping. Ideally such exercises would be run from the real command and control locations and using their communications and information systems [Feeling lucky, Punk?] . This could include a mix of locations and varying levels of technical simulation support. The Gold Standard system is flexible to allow the tempo and intensity to be adjusted to ensure maximum training benefit, or to fully test and evaluate the most important aspects of a plan. Such exercises also test information flow, communications, equipment, procedures, decision making and coordination. Live Exercises These can range from testing individual components of a system or organisation through to a full-scale rehearsal. They are particularly useful where there are regulatory requirements or with high-risk situations. They are more complex and costly to organise and deliver but can be integrated with Command Post Exercises as part of a wider exercising package.""  

""Christopher Rajendran Hyman CBE (born 5 July 1963 in Durban, South Africa)[1] was Chief Executive of Serco Group plc from 2002 to October 2013.[2] … On graduation, he worked for Arthur Andersen. In 1989, he won an 18-month exchange with Ernst & Young in London, who employed him after four months.[1] Head hunted in 1994 by Serco , Hyman became European finance director, and in 1999 was made group finance director. In 2002, Hyman became chief executive. .. Hyman resigned from his role of Chief Executive of Serco on 25 October 2013 following allegations that Serco had overcharged government customers. .. He was [making a presentation to Serco shareholder, including British and Saudi governments] on the 47th floor of the World Trade Center [North Tower] at the time of the September 11 attacks in 2001."" 

""July 7, 2016 Developments in PKI occurred in the early 1970s at the British intelligence agency GCHQ , where James Ellis , Clifford Cocks and others made important discoveries related to encryption algorithms and key distribution.[ 19 ] However, as developments at GCHQ are highly classified, the results of this work were kept secret and not publicly acknowledged until the mid-1990s. 

The public disclosure of both secure key exchange and asymmetric key algorithms in 1976 by Diffie, Hellman , Rivest, Shamir , and Adleman changed secure communications entirely. With the further development of high-speed digital electronic communications (the Internet and its predecessors), a need became evident for ways in which users could securely communicate with each other, and as a further consequence of that, for ways in which users could be sure with whom they were actually interacting. 

Assorted cryptographic protocols were invented and analyzed within which the new cryptographic primitives could be effectively used. With the invention of the World Wide Web and its rapid spread, the need for authentication and secure communication became still more acute. Commercial reasons alone (e.g., e-commerce, online access to proprietary databases from web browsers) were sufficient. Taher Elgamal and others at Netscape developed the SSL protocol ('https' in Web URLs); it included key establishment, server authentication (prior to v3, one-way only), and so on. A PKI structure was thus created for Web users/sites wishing secure communications. 

Vendors and entrepreneurs saw the possibility of a large market, started companies (or new projects at existing companies), and began to agitate for legal recognition and protection from liability. An American Bar Association technology project published an extensive analysis of some of the foreseeable legal aspects of PKI operations (see ABA digital signature guidelines), and shortly thereafter, several U.S. states (Utah being the first in 1995) and other jurisdictions throughout the world began to enact laws and adopt regulations. Consumer groups raised questions about privacy, access, and liability considerations, which were more taken into consideration in some jurisdictions than in others. 

The enacted laws and regulations differed, there were technical and operational problems in converting PKI schemes into successful commercial operation, and progress has been much slower than pioneers had imagined it would be. 

By the first few years of the 21st century, the underlying cryptographic engineering was clearly not easy to deploy correctly. Operating procedures (manual or automatic) were not easy to correctly design (nor even if so designed, to execute perfectly, which the engineering required). The standards that existed were insufficient. 

PKI vendors have found a market, but it is not quite the market envisioned in the mid-1990s, and it has grown both more slowly and in somewhat different ways than were anticipated.[20] PKIs have not solved some of the problems they were expected to, and several major vendors have gone out of business or been acquired by others. PKI has had the most success in government implementations; the largest PKI implementation to date is the Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA) PKI infrastructure for the Common Access Cards program.""  

Base One Technologies – Corporate Strategy – We are a Government Certified Women-Owned Business   
We practice Diversity Recruitment and Staffing for IT positions Base One was founded in 1994 by a women engineer who had made a career in technology research for many years. Base One has been very successful in focusing on diversity recruiting and staffing for IT projects. It has been our experience that the greater the diversity mix, the more creative the solution. As in any field the more diverse the viewpoint the more thorough your analysis. Our engineers can think out of the box. 

Because of our affiliations we have access to pools of resources among more diverse groups & individuals. We work with a large pool of minority professionals who specialize in IT skills. We are able to have access to these resources through our status as a D/MWBD firm and our affiliations. These affiliations assist us in working with resources among more diverse groups & individuals. We are also partnered with firms that are 8A certified as Minority firms, Disabled Veteran firms, Native American firms, Vietnam veteran firms, women owned firms. 

Our hub zone location keeps us close to the professional organizations of great diversity. We are active in recruiting from and networking with these community organizations of local IT professionals. This has given us access to a large pool of diversity talent. 

Base One's staff of engineers are a diverse group of professionals. This diverse network of engineers helps us to branch out to other engineers and creates an even larger network of resources for us to work with. 

The greater the diversity the more complete & thorough the analysis. The broader the spectrum of points of view the broader the scope of the analysis. We feel that a diverse team gives us a greater advantage in creating cutting edge solutions. To that end we will continue to nurture these relationships to further extend our talent pool. 

The greater the diversity mix, the more creative the solution. 

The more diverse the viewpoint, the more thorough the analysis. 

The more diverse our team, the more our engineers can think out of the box. 

This is why Base One Technologies concentrates on diversity recruitment in the belief that a diverse team gives us a greater advantage in creating cutting edge solutions."" 

Information Security Planning is the process whereby an organization seeks to protect its operations and assets from data theft or computer hackers that seek to obtain unauthorized information or sabotage business operations. 

Key Clients Benefiting From Our Information Security Expertise: Pentagon Renovation Program, FAA, Citigroup, MCI. 

Base One Technologies 

Expertly researches, designs, and develops information security policies that protect your data and manage your firm's information technology risk at levels acceptable to your business. 

Performs architectural assessments and conducts both internal and external penetration testing. The results of these efforts culminate in an extensive risk analysis and vulnerabilities report. 

Develops, implements and supports Information Security Counter measures such as honey-pots and evidence logging and incident documentation processes and solutions."" 

""Base One Technologies, Ltd. is a DOMESTIC BUSINESS CORPORATION, located in New York, NY and was formed on Feb 15, 1994. This file was obtained from the Secretary of State and has a file number of 1795583. "" 

""Serco's Office of Partner Relations (OPR) helps facilitate our aggressive small business utilization and growth strategies. Through the OPR, Serco mentors four local small businesses under formal Mentor Protégé Agreements: Three sponsored by DHS (Base One Technologies, TSymmetry, Inc., and HeiTech Services, Inc.,) and the fourth sponsored by GSA (DKW Communications, Inc.). Serco and HeiTech Services were awarded the 2007 DHS Mentor Protégé Team Award for exceeding our mentoring goals."" http://www.dtic.mil/whs/directives/corres/pdf/100515p.pdf 

""Opened in 1994 as the successor to the Transitional Immigrant Visa Processing Center in Rosslyn, Va., the NVC centralizes all immigrant visa pre-processing and appointment scheduling for overseas posts. The NVC collects paperwork and fees before forwarding a case, ready for adjudication, to the responsible post. 

The center also handles immigrant and fiancé visa petitions, and while it does not adjudicate visa applications, it provides technical assistance and support to visa-adjudicating consular officials overseas. 

Only two Foreign Service officers, the director and deputy director, work at the center, along with just five Civil Service employees. They work with almost 500 contract employees doing preprocessing of visas, making the center one of the largest employers in the Portsmouth area. 

The contractor, Serco , Inc., has worked with the NVC since its inception and with the Department for almost 18 years. 

The NVC houses more than 2.6 million immigrant visa files, receives almost two million pieces of mail per year and received more than half a million petitions from the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Service (USCIS) in 2011. Its file rooms' high-density shelves are stacked floor-to-ceiling with files, each a collection of someone’s hopes and dreams and each requiring proper handling. …. 

The NVC also preprocesses the chief of mission (COM) application required for the filing of a petition for a Special Immigrant Visa (SIV). Such visas, for foreign nationals who have performed services for the U.S. government in Iraq and Afghanistan, require COM concurrence before the applicant can file a petition with USCIS. The NVC collects the requisite documents from such applicants and, when complete, forwards the package to the U.S. embassies in Baghdad or Kabul for COM approval"" 

Yours sincerely, 

Field McConnell, United States Naval Academy, 1971; Forensic Economist; 30 year airline and 22 year military pilot; 23,000 hours of safety; Tel: 715 307 8222 

David Hawkins Tel: 604 542-0891 Forensic Economist; former leader of oil-well blow-out teams; now sponsors Grand Juries in CSI Crime and Safety Investigation 
",0
11009,Earthquake and Aftershock: The Elections of 2008 and 2016 - The New York Times,"It was nearly eight years ago, somehow. Those who gathered then  —   curious, hopeful, freezing  —   remember it all: the ocean of faces across the National Mall the crackling energy, building as they waited the catharsis of more than a million strangers finding occasion to shiver together, cheer together, cry together after a presidential campaign that had, to them, affirmed the best of America. “On this day, we come to proclaim an end to the petty grievances and false promises,” President Obama vowed, just after assuming the title, “the recriminations and   dogmas that for far too long have strangled our politics. ” They remember that pledge. They do not remember why it seemed possible. The elections of 2008 and 2016: twin political moments that cannot be disentangled  —   an earthquake and its aftershock, jolting the American psyche into an era of spectacular contradiction. An increasingly popular departing president is leading a country that most voters believe is on the wrong track.   economic unease festers at a time, the statistics show, of relative economic stability  —   eight years after even an escalating financial crisis seemed, to some, a mere blip on the path to “Yes, we can. ” And a campaign pocked with racism and sexism, rendered in open view, may well reach this conclusion: Americans replacing their first black chief executive with their first female one. If 2008 was an emblem of progress on at least one measure, 2016 has required the grim acceptance of the limits, the disappointments, the blind spots  —   a nation taking a long look inward, and shuddering. “I didn’t think about those other million people out there,” Edith S. Childs, the South Carolina councilwoman whose mantra “Fired up, ready to go!” was adopted by Mr. Obama as a campaign rallying cry. “They were still in the ’40s and ’50s in their minds and wishing it hadn’t happened. ” She sighed a bit. “Too late,” Ms. Childs said, days before an election for which she sounded decidedly less fired up. “It happened. ” It did happen. And then came this. A New York   News poll this month found that 82 percent of voters felt more disgusted than excited about American politics because of this campaign.   percent of Donald J. Trump supporters said a Hillary Clinton presidency would make them scared or concerned.   percent of Clinton supporters said the same of a Trump administration. There is a tendency to sanitize bygone political eras in the retelling, to draw straight lines where squiggles belong. Surely some signposts of unrest were discernible many exits ago  —   the rise in income inequality, scraping away at the middle class the preponderance of partisan news media congressional functionality morphing from labored to gridlocked to hopeless. Such bitter divisions had flared long before Mr. Trump seared his surname onto the democratic process. “Hamilton,” the acclaimed Broadway musical, after all, crests with a fatal gunfight between statesmen. And for all the   tributes to John McCain and Mitt Romney, who are now held up by Democrats as exemplars of erstwhile Republican honor and sanity, many Obama supporters once seethed at the sight of them  —   and, for at least a few months of 2008, of Mrs. Clinton, too. So much was bound to get worse before it got better. People lost jobs, savings, homes. Some looked at the president and saw distance, fecklessness, insufficiency. Most were not outright bigots. Still. Norms had been threatened before 2016, but never bulldozed with such ease. Truth has often felt contested, but never so thoroughly subjective. There have been crusades against political correctness, but never a national reckoning over the propriety of boasting about sexual assault. “It’s like with family or a friend or someone you’re dating. And you say, ‘Let’s just be honest! ’” said George Saunders, the author and essayist, who chronicled Trump supporters for The New Yorker in July. “Then they are, and it’s like, ‘Oh, God. ’” This unburdening has redrawn 2008 as something of a utopia in hindsight, taunting the present with its flights of inspiration, its relative   its basic civility most of the time. Though Mr. Obama commanded about 53 percent of the popular vote, 74 percent of Americans said they felt positively about his election, according to a Los Angeles   poll in December 2008. Any present traces of that race register now as dizzying distortions, shards culled from a   mirror. Mr. McCain’s captivity in combat was invoked by Mr. Trump as an argument against his heroism. Mr. McCain’s memorably pointed defense of Mr. Obama after a voter labeled him “an Arab” has given way to a Republican nominee advocating a ban on Muslims entering the United States. Mr. McCain, in conceding, hailed the historic moment: “Senator Obama has achieved a great thing for himself and for his country. ” Mr. Trump has not committed to accepting the results of the election. In fact, many Republicans insisted then that they hoped to see Mr. Obama succeed. But there were two sides in 2008, too, and many millions of voters dismayed at the outcome. Mr. McCain’s running mate, Sarah Palin, helped coax what became the Tea Party into full bloom  —   an insurgency that helped spawn Mr. Trump’s own  —   exporting the boiling anger from her campaign events to a mass audience, even as some McCain aides expressed horror at what they had wrought. Many conservatives see a through line from Ms. Palin’s treatment by the national news media, which they viewed as unfair and condescending, to the heightened distrust of traditional news sources. This context, they say, can account for the otherwise   Americans now prone to screaming obscenities at reporters during Trump rallies. But the fury rings familiar. Those early, menacing shouts from Palin crowds  —   “Kill him!” or “Terrorist!” at a mention of Mr. Obama  —   have wafted to the main stage, absorbed and repurposed by the speakers at the microphone. Amid signs and chants demanding Mrs. Clinton’s jailing, wishing her death and denouncing her with unprintable gendered slurs, Mr. Trump has himself wondered aloud about the “Second Amendment people” who might take matters into their own hands if she is elected. And after years of questioning Mr. Obama’s birthplace  —   then falsely accusing Mrs. Clinton’s 2008 campaign of having done so first  —   Mr. Trump has seen to it that his followers would never view a Clinton presidency as legitimate. Republicans are promising investigations. Voters are predicting impeachment, on vague grounds. Some conservative lawmakers are saying they can make peace with an   Supreme Court in perpetuity, rather than allowing any Democratic president to fill the tiebreaking vacancy. The result is a sort of   resignation, even among those who admire Mrs. Clinton most, about the scope of her triumph if she wins. Mr. Obama ascended with impossible expectations, largely of his own making. His preferred successor would take office on the assumption that precious little will be permitted to change. It is a sobering turn for those overjoyed at the prospect of a female president. It is also a grim confirmation of Mrs. Clinton’s argument against Mr. Obama in the first place. It was she who, in 2008, seemed to mock the   sunniness of his message in the Democratic primary campaign, the   that sheer force of personality would be enough. “The sky will open, the light will come down, celestial choirs will be singing,” Mrs. Clinton   at one campaign stop, forecasting an Obama presidency, “and everyone will know we should do the right thing and the world will be perfect. ” She shrugged. “Maybe I’ve just lived a little long,” Mrs. Clinton said then, “but I have no illusions about how hard this is going to be. ”",0
11010,Obama Administration Rushed to Preserve Intelligence of Russian Election Hacking - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   In the Obama administration’s last days, some White House officials scrambled to spread information about Russian efforts to undermine the presidential election  —   and about possible contacts between associates of   Donald J. Trump and Russians  —   across the government. Former American officials say they had two aims: to ensure that such meddling isn’t duplicated in future American or European elections, and to leave a clear trail of intelligence for government investigators. American allies, including the British and the Dutch, had provided information describing meetings in European cities between Russian officials  —   and others close to Russia’s president, Vladimir V. Putin  —   and associates of   Trump, according to three former American officials who requested anonymity in discussing classified intelligence. Separately, American intelligence agencies had intercepted communications of Russian officials, some of them within the Kremlin, discussing contacts with Trump associates. The disclosures about the contacts came as new questions were raised about Attorney General Jeff Sessions’s ties to the Russians. According to a former senior American official, he met with the Russian ambassador, Sergey I. Kislyak, twice in the past year. The details of the meetings were not clear, but the contact appeared to contradict testimony Mr. Sessions provided Congress during his confirmation hearing in January when he said he “did not have communications with the Russians. ” Mr. Sessions said in a statement late Wednesday that he “never met with any Russian officials to discuss issues of the campaign. ” “I have no idea what this allegation is about,” he said. “It is false. ” Mr. Trump has denied that his campaign had any contact with Russian officials, and at one point he openly suggested that American spy agencies had cooked up intelligence suggesting that the Russian government had tried to meddle in the presidential election. Mr. Trump has accused the Obama administration of hyping the Russia story line as a way to discredit his new administration. At the Obama White House, Mr. Trump’s statements stoked fears among some that intelligence could be covered up or destroyed  —   or its sources exposed  —   once power changed hands. What followed was a push to preserve the intelligence that underscored the deep anxiety with which the White House and American intelligence agencies had come to view the threat from Moscow. It also reflected the suspicion among many in the Obama White House that the Trump campaign might have colluded with Russia on election email hacks  —   a suspicion that American officials say has not been confirmed. Former senior Obama administration officials said that none of the efforts were directed by Mr. Obama. Sean Spicer, the Trump White House spokesman, said, “The only new piece of information that has come to light is that political appointees in the Obama administration have sought to create a false narrative to make an excuse for their own defeat in the election. ” He added, “There continues to be no there, there. ” As Inauguration Day approached, Obama White House officials grew convinced that the intelligence was damning and that they needed to ensure that as many people as possible inside government could see it, even if people without security clearances could not. Some officials began asking specific questions at intelligence briefings, knowing the answers would be archived and could be easily unearthed by investigators  —   including the Senate Intelligence Committee, which in early January announced an inquiry into Russian efforts to influence the election. At intelligence agencies, there was a push to process as much raw intelligence as possible into analyses, and to keep the reports at a relatively low classification level to ensure as wide a readership as possible across the government  —   and, in some cases, among European allies. This allowed the upload of as much intelligence as possible to Intellipedia, a secret wiki used by American analysts to share information. There was also an effort to pass reports and other sensitive materials to Congress. In one instance, the State Department sent a cache of documents marked “secret” to Senator Benjamin Cardin of Maryland days before the Jan. 20 inauguration. The documents, detailing Russian efforts to intervene in elections worldwide, were sent in response to a request from Mr. Cardin, the top Democrat on the Foreign Relations Committee, and were shared with Republicans on the panel. “This situation was serious, as is evident by President Obama’s call for a review  —   and as is evident by the United States response,” said Eric Schultz, a spokesman for Mr. Obama. “When the intelligence community does that type of comprehensive review, it is standard practice that a significant amount of information would be compiled and documented. ” The opposite happened with the most sensitive intelligence, including the names of sources and the identities of foreigners who were regularly monitored. Officials tightened the already small number of people who could access that information. They knew the information could not be kept from the new president or his top advisers, but wanted to narrow the number of people who might see the information, officials said. More than a   current and former officials described various aspects of the effort to preserve and distribute the intelligence, and some said they were speaking to draw attention to the material and ensure proper investigation by Congress. All spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were discussing classified information, nearly all of which remains secret, making an independent public assessment of the competing Obama and Trump administration claims impossible. The F. B. I. is conducting a   counterintelligence investigation into Russia’s meddling in the election, and is examining alleged links between Mr. Trump’s associates and the Russian government. Separately, the House and Senate intelligence committees are conducting their own investigations, though they must rely on information collected by the F. B. I. and intelligence agencies. On Wednesday, a Justice Department official confirmed that Mr. Sessions had two conversations with Ambassador Kislyak last year, when he was still a senator, despite testifying at his Jan. 10 confirmation hearing that he had no contact with the Russians. At that hearing, Mr. Sessions was asked what he would do if it turned out to be true that anyone affiliated with the Trump team had communicated with the Russian government in the course of the campaign. He said he was “not aware of any of those activities. ” “I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I didn’t have  —   did not have communications with the Russians, and I’m unable to comment on it,” Mr. Sessions said at the time. However, Justice officials acknowledged that Mr. Sessions had spoken with Mr. Kislyak twice: once, among a group of ambassadors who approached him at a Heritage Foundation event during the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in July and, separately, in an office meeting on Sept. 8. The contacts were first reported by The Washington Post. Sarah Isgur Flores, Mr. Sessions’s spokeswoman, said “there was absolutely nothing misleading about his answer” because he did not communicate with the ambassador in his capacity as a Trump campaign surrogate. She said Mr. Sessions had at least 25 conversations in 2016 with ambassadors from a range of nations  —   including Britain, Japan, China, Germany and Russia  —   while on the Senate Armed Services Committee. The revelation prompted congressional Democrats to issue a torrent of statements reiterating their demands that Mr. Sessions recuse himself from overseeing any investigation into Russia’s contacts with the Trump campaign. So far, Mr. Sessions has demurred. Representative Adam B. Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said in a statement on Wednesday that if the reports about Mr. Sessions were accurate, “it is essential that he recuse himself from any role in the investigation of Trump campaign ties to the Russians. ” Mr. Schiff added, “This is not even a close call it is a must. ” Representative Nancy Pelosi, the Democratic leader of the House, called on Mr. Sessions to resign, saying on Twitter that “he is not fit to serve as the top law enforcement officer of our country. ” A White House official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, backed up Mr. Sessions late Wednesday, calling the accusations “the latest attack against the Trump administration by partisan Democrats. ” At a CNN town hall on Wednesday, Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, said he did not know if there was anything between the Trump campaign and the Russians. But he added that if there was, “it is clear to me that Jeff Sessions, who is my dear friend, cannot make this decision about Trump. ” At his confirmation hearing on Wednesday, former Senator Dan Coats, Mr. Trump’s nominee for director of national intelligence, told the Senate Intelligence Committee that “I think it’s our responsibility to provide you access to all that you need. ” Some Obama White House officials had little faith that a Trump administration would make good on such pledges, and the efforts to preserve the intelligence continued until the administration’s final hours. This was partly because intelligence was still being collected and analyzed, but it also reflected the sentiment among many administration officials that they had not recognized the scale of the Russian campaign until it was too late. The warning signs had been building throughout the summer, but were far from clear. As WikiLeaks was pushing out emails stolen from the Democratic National Committee through online publication, American intelligence began picking up conversations in which Russian officials were discussing contacts with Trump associates, and European allies were starting to pass along information about people close to Mr. Trump meeting with Russians in the Netherlands, Britain and other countries. But what was going on in the meetings was unclear to the officials, and the intercepted communications did little to clarify matters  —   the Russians, it appeared, were arguing about how far to go in interfering in the presidential election. What intensified the alarm at the Obama White House was a campaign of cyberattacks on state electoral systems in September, which led the administration to deliver a public accusation against the Russians in October. But it wasn’t until after the election, and after more intelligence had come in, that the administration began to grasp the scope of the suspected tampering and concluded that one goal of the campaign was to help tip the election in Mr. Trump’s favor. In early December, Mr. Obama ordered the intelligence community to conduct a full assessment of the Russian campaign. In the weeks before the assessment was released in January, the intelligence community combed through databases for an array of communications and other information  —   some of which was months old by then  —   and began producing reports that showed there were contacts during the campaign between Trump associates and Russian officials. The nature of the contacts remains unknown. Several of Mr. Trump’s associates have done business in Russia, and it is unclear if any of the contacts were related to business dealings. The New York Times, citing four current and former officials, reported last month that the American authorities had obtained information of repeated contacts between Mr. Trump’s associates and senior Russian intelligence officials. The White House has dismissed the story as false. Since the Feb. 14 article  appeared, more than a   officials have confirmed contacts of various kinds between Russians and Trump associates. The label “intelligence official” is not always cleanly applied in Russia, where   oligarchs and government officials often report back to the intelligence services and elsewhere in the Kremlin. Steven L. Hall, the former head of Russia operations at the C. I. A. said that Mr. Putin was surrounded by a cast of characters, and that it was “fair to say that a good number of them come from an intelligence or security background. Once an intel guy, always an intel guy in Russia. ” The concerns about the contacts were cemented by a series of phone calls between Mr.  Kislyak and Michael T. Flynn, who had been poised to become Mr. Trump’s national security adviser. The calls began on Dec. 29, shortly after Mr. Kislyak was summoned to the State Department and informed that, in retaliation for Russian election meddling, the United States was expelling 35 suspected Russian intelligence operatives and imposing other sanctions. Mr. Kislyak was irate and threatened a forceful Russia response, according to people familiar with the exchange. But a day later, Mr. Putin said his government would not retaliate, prompting a Twitter post from Mr. Trump praising the Russian president  —   and puzzling Obama White House officials. On Jan. 2, administration officials learned that Mr. Kislyak  —   after leaving the State Department meeting  —   called Mr. Flynn, and that the two talked multiple times in the 36 hours that followed. American intelligence agencies routinely wiretap the phones of Russian diplomats, and transcripts of the calls showed that Mr. Flynn urged the Russians not to respond, saying relations would improve once Mr. Trump was in office, according to multiple current and former officials. Beyond leaving a trail for investigators, the Obama administration also wanted to help European allies combat a threat that had caught the United States off guard. American intelligence agencies made it clear in the declassified version of the intelligence assessment released in January that they believed Russia intended to use its attacks on the United States as a template for more meddling. “We assess Moscow will apply lessons learned,” the report said, “to future influence efforts worldwide, including against U. S. allies. ”",0
11011,Let Your Child Be Bored!,"It’s scary to think that the lifestyle I lived through my youth will simply not exist for future generations.
Gone are the days of walking to your friend’s house and inviting yourself over to play or suffering through a busy dial tone and accepting you may not hear from that person at all that day.
I remember when we first got internet and how remarkable I found it to be able to converse on my computer with my next door neighbour on ICQ . I truly did live through the internet boom and I’m thankful for that, but it does make me think, how has this shaped who I am today, and are future generations really doomed?
Before the internet there was television, and it too played a heavy role in my upbringing. In the 1990s Dr. Teresa Belton , a visiting fellow at the University of East Anglia, studied the effects that television has on the imagination of 10-12 year old children, ultimately concluding that television negatively impacts their development: “T he ubiquity and ease of access to television and videos perhaps robs today’s children of the need to pursue their own thoughts and devise their own occupations, distracting them from inner processes and constantly demanding responses to external agendas, and suggests that this may have implications for the development of imaginative capacity.”
Another study examined the effects that television has on a child’s ability to imagine. Researchers found that children in a community with no television scored significantly higher on divergent thinking skills, a measure of imaginativeness, compared to two other communities, one of which had one TV channel and the other, four.
The scary part? Once the community gained access to television, their skills dropped to the same level as the other participants.
The obvious and alarming next question is, if regular children’s programming hinders their ability to imagine, what then is the internet doing to their young minds? And what did children do before television and the internet?
They were bored.
But since when is being bored a bad thing?
Neuroscientists have discovered that “when the brain is supposedly resting it’s actually more active. This suggests that daydreaming, or mind wandering as psychologists call it, must have a purpose” (source) .
Belton interviewed certain creative professionals to gain more insight into their childhood and found that being ‘bored’ played a vital role in their creativity as a child, and even now. One professional was writer and actress Meera Syal .
She remembers the days of gazing out her window at the rural landscape, and how ‘doing nothing’ prompted her to try new things like learning to bake cakes with the elderly woman next door. One habit she thanks her younger self for is writing in her diary, which she believes boredom inspired her to do and has helped manifest her writing career. “It’s very freeing, being creative for no other reason than that you freewheel and fill time,” she said.
According to the Wikipedia definition, imagination is considered to be the faculty or action of forming new ideas, or images or concepts of external objects not present to the senses, such as seeing or hearing. 
Would it be safe to say that imagination can inspire the pursuit of knowledge?
While we learn best through experience, it’s still important to allow our minds to wander, to be bored. It’s from this place we can learn empathy.
Our world has become so fast-paced and our lives so busy, and we often feel we need to engage with it in order to feel useful, productive, even validated — the Glorification of Busy , if you will.
But allowing our brains time to process and imagine is still ‘doing something,’ even if it doesn’t feel that way. According to Belton, it is helping to shape a strong and resilient mind:
But to get the most benefit from times of potential boredom, indeed from life in general, children also need inner resources as well as material ones. Qualities such as curiosity, perseverance, playfulness, interest and confidence allow them to explore, create and develop powers of inventiveness, observation and concentration. These also help them to learn not to be deterred if something doesn’t work the first time, and try again. By encouraging the development of such capacities, parents offer children something of lifelong value.
So for parents, the next time your child needs something to do, allow them to create and play without the use of technology. I encourage you to remember the child you used to be, the one who found fun and joy out of things like playing with sticks in the field outside your home or imagining the ground was lava as you jumped from couch to couch.
This information is more than applicable to adults, too. Spend a day without your phone, computer, or TV and see where your mind takes you.
 
",0
11012,Interview 1229 – Nomi Prins Explains The Central Bankers’ Game of Thrones,"Podcast: Play in new window | Download | Embed 
Today James talks to Nomi Prins , author of books like All The Presidents Bankers , about her recent article “ The Central Bank Power Shift from West to East, Game of Thrones Style .” We talk about the changing economic and monetary landscape and how the locus of central bank power is shifting to the East, with players like the People’s Bank of China gaining in prominence and former US/EU lapdogs like the IMF becoming brokers for these new power players in the new world financial order. 
SHOW NOTES:",0
11013,"Warner Bros., Quietly Thriving, Recasts Its Own Story - The New York Times","BURBANK, Calif.  —   Behind the beige walls that enclose the Warner Bros. lot here, Kevin Tsujihara has been ruminating on perception versus reality  —   a classic Hollywood subject onscreen, but one that the studio is now experiencing in real life. Mr. Tsujihara, the Warner Bros. chief executive, is on track to deliver record operating profit this year, with film leading the way. Last week, Time Warner said his division  —   home to Batman, Clint Eastwood, Bugs Bunny, “The Middle” and TMZ. com  —   had income of $433 million, a 12 percent increase from a year earlier. Its corporate sibling HBO, by comparison, with $530 million in profit, grew 2 percent. Yet many people consider Warner Bros. a troubled operation, a notion that Mr. Tsujihara thinks is rooted in an underappreciation of the studio’s   businesses and the lingering effect of film pipeline problems that it has moved past. “Quietly, we’ve been having an amazing year,” he said. “The narrative, over all, has not reflected that. ” Warner Bros. sits in the long shadow of HBO, a darling of the news media and Wall Street. When ATT agreed to buy Time Warner for $85 billion last month, Warner Bros. was largely a footnote in the resulting analysis  —   even though the studio, among other things, has promising streaming services in the works involving Harry Potter and Batman that could be supercharged by the telecommunications company. So how does Mr. Tsujihara correct the narrative? The surest way is to deliver a smash hit, and Warner’s film division may be holding one in “Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. ” Arriving in theaters on Nov. 18, the $180 million movie (not including an estimated $150 million in global marketing costs) expands J. K. Rowling’s Harry Potter universe. Ms. Rowling, who wrote the “Fantastic Beasts” screenplay, last month announced four sequels, news that elated fans. Reviews for “Fantastic Beasts” have not yet been published, but people (including this reporter) have been wowed in advance screenings. Set in New York in the 1920s and focused on the eccentric “magizoologist” Newt Scamander, the film could sell $70 million or more in tickets in its first three days in domestic theaters alone, according to analysts. More hits could follow. Over the next year, Warner Bros. will release “Wonder Woman,” “Kong: Skull Island,” “Justice League,” Christopher Nolan’s war epic “Dunkirk” and two animated Lego movies. Salted among those behemoths are   entries from Warner’s New Line Cinema unit, like “Annabelle 2,” a horror movie. When it comes to recasting Warner as the   giant he believes it is, Mr. Tsujihara also knows that the studio needs to do a better job of telling its own story. Warner executives tend to hunker behind those beige walls, which allows others in Hollywood  —   especially those who have left the studio under unhappy circumstances  —   to do the talking for them, at times contributing to bracingly negative news media coverage. This year, for instance, some reporters and bloggers took gleeful delight in beating up Warner over the poor critical response to “Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice” and “Suicide Squad. ” Lost in the criticism, Mr. Tsujihara and other members of his executive team think, has been the films’ financial success: “Dawn of Justice” and “Suicide Squad” collected a combined $1. 6 billion worldwide. Add the box office success of “Sully” and several modestly budgeted, expertly marketed New Line films this year, including “Central Intelligence,” “Lights Out” and “The Conjuring 2,” and the studio is on pace to have one of its most profitable years ever. At a time when smaller rivals like Paramount Pictures and Sony Pictures Entertainment are struggling, Warner Bros. has been frustrated that its own financial success has not garnered more notice. “People overlook our consistency,” Mr. Tsujihara said. But what about those bad superhero reviews? Analysts worry that the impact of    movies like “Dawn of Justice” could be felt down the line, perhaps when consumers weigh whether “Justice League” is worth their money. Mr. Tsujihara said he was confident that management changes he has been making (putting a pair of executives, Geoff Johns and Jon Berg, in charge of superhero movies, for instance) will make for more satisfied fans. With any luck, even a critic or two could come around. “The thing that really makes me confident is that I’ve seen ‘Wonder Woman,’ and it’s great,” Mr. Tsujihara said. Anthony DiClemente, a media analyst with Nomura, recently raised his   financial estimates for Warner Bros. in anticipation of ticket sales for “Fantastic Beasts. ” But he noted that Time Warner “fielded exactly zero questions” from analysts on last week’s earnings call about its studio, with the attention going instead to the Turner cable networks and HBO. Warner Bros. would most likely contend that investors were not looking at its operation in full. While movies receive most of the attention, they actually make up a small part of Warner’s overall business. The studio produces nearly 80 television series, including “Westworld” for HBO and “The Big Bang Theory” for CBS. Warner has 10 shows airing this season that are based on DC Comics characters those shows alone generate more than $1 billion a year in revenue, according to Time Warner. Warner Bros. is also one of the world’s largest video game makers, cranking out titles that include Mortal Kombat and Lego Dimensions. While most of Warner’s rivals  —   Disney in particular  —   have struggled to develop a lasting gaming business, Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment is now big enough to pick up the slack when sibling divisions underperform, as happened last year when Warner movies like “Pan” and “Jupiter Ascending” flopped. The studio is a growing digital force, forming a new division in June dedicated to managing investments in online networks like Machinima (dedicated to games) and Uninterrupted (pro athletes) while accelerating the rollout of   services dedicated to superheroes and, perhaps, Harry Potter. “Combining with ATT will allow us to go    with brands like DC even faster,” Mr. Tsujihara said. Finally, Mr. Tsujihara has moved to strengthen the studio’s toys and apparel division, hiring a former Disney executive, Pam Lifford, to remake Warner Bros. Consumer Products. All those “Fantastic Beasts” movies play a big part in Ms. Lifford’s efforts  —   a consistent content pipeline is crucial to retail buyers  —   as do revitalization plans around other Warner brands, including the Looney Tunes cartoons. Mr. Tsujihara says he sees consumer products as “a real growth engine. ” Will such efforts help Warner persuade outsiders to view it more holistically? It’s unclear. But at least Mr. Tsujihara’s boss has noticed. “Kevin has a great understanding of how fast consumer behavior is changing and how the company is changing to meet their expectations,” Jeffrey L. Bewkes, Time Warner’s chief executive, said in an email. “What’s really impressed me is how he’s breaking down silos and driving greater collaboration among the businesses, which is helping the company produce the right kinds of content, for the right platforms, at the right time. ”",0
11014,Enda Kenny’s Top 5 Porn Searches,"0 Add Comment 
AN TAOISEACH Enda Kenny yesterday called for a national discussion on pornography, owing to its sometimes corrosive effects on people’s perception of and attitudes toward sex and sexual encounters. 
Thanks to a timely freedom of information request WWN submitted recently, we can reveal that the office of the Taoiseach has been very keen on discussing pornography, and WWN can for the first time publish An Taoiseach’s computer search history. 
5) “Dear Google, this is private don’t share with anyone. Sexy IRA balaclava ladies” 
The Taoiseach’s 5th most popular repeated search reveals a penchant for erotic roleplay. Which is not dissimilar to many young men, whose overexposure to and repeated watching of unrealistic sexual encounters and sexual performance can often lead to several sexual dysfunctions such as impotence. However, watching milfs with great big jugs every evening will probably do you no harm, expert opinion and research be damned. 
4) “Three-way coalition” 
Echoing the porn habits of several political science students, who despite having their own sexual experiences, can find consistent watching of over the top scenarios and performances warps their own perception of what sex actually consists of and leave them further isolated from real and intimate personal relationships. But, it doesn’t count when it comes to watching a 16-way orgy, they’re class. 
3) “Dáil bar after 2am” 
Presumably searching for a porn parody of that time a sitting TD clutched at a female colleague, forcing her to sit in his lap during a late night sitting of the Dáil. Certain genres of pornography can lead people to believe other people are merely sexual objects, available to provide sexual gratification at any time of their choosing. 
2) “Dear Google VERY PRIVATE. Female German dominatrix” 
Unlike Enda here, who has had years to cultivate his understanding of the various genres and the fact that they are rarely if ever representative of real sex, people are now beginning to watch graphic pornography from as young as 12, paving the way for a disorientating experience while having little ability or resources available to provide real and genuine sexual education and information. Unlike yourself, who can’t remember the last time you went on to Pornhub, Redtube, Xvideo or whatever you’re having yourself. 
1) “Deepthroat whistleblower” 
While we put this entry, searched for 7,000 times, down to the government’s desire to weed out Garda whistleblowers who are making life difficult for the cabinet, other people, chiefly men, regularly look for various scenarios and fantasies which, when not watched in moderation and with an understanding that it is not real life, can devastate their lives and relationships on a permanent basis. ‘Tis grand if you’re just watching the odd hour or two everyday though. 
For more information of what porn you should be looking up click HERE.",0
11015,Trump Revives Keystone Pipeline Rejected by Obama - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump sharply changed the federal government’s approach to the environment on Tuesday as he cleared the way for two major oil pipelines that had been blocked, and set in motion a plan to curb regulations that slow other building projects. In his latest moves to dismantle the legacy of his predecessor, Mr. Trump resurrected the Keystone XL pipeline that had stirred years of debate, and expedited another pipeline in the Dakotas that had become a major flash point for Native Americans. He also signed a directive ordering an end to protracted environmental reviews. “I am, to a large extent, an environmentalist, I believe in it,” Mr. Trump said during a meeting with auto industry executives. “But it’s out of control, and we’re going to make it a very short process. And we’re going to either give you your permits, or we’re not going to give you your permits. But you’re going to know very quickly. And generally speaking, we’re going to be giving you your permits. ” The decisions expanded an effort to unravel much of the policy structure left by former President Barack Obama, who made fighting climate change a central priority. Just a day earlier, Mr. Trump formally abandoned the   Partnership, an ambitious   trade pact negotiated by Mr. Obama. In his opening days in office, Mr. Trump has also modified or reversed Mr. Obama’s policies on health care, abortion and housing while ordering a freeze of any pending regulations left behind by the former administration. The pipelines were more about symbol than substance but generated enormous passion on both sides of the debate. Mr. Obama rejected the proposed Keystone pipeline in 2015, arguing that it would undercut American leadership in curbing the reliance on carbon energy. The Army sidetracked the Dakota Access pipeline in North Dakota last month in the waning days of the Obama administration. Environmental activists quickly denounced Mr. Trump’s decisions. “Donald Trump has been in office for four days, and he’s already proving to be the dangerous threat to our climate we feared he would be,” said Michael Brune, the executive director of the Sierra Club. Mr. Trump made clear on the campaign trail that he saw Mr. Obama’s environmental policies as a threat to the economy and dismissed climate change as a hoax perpetrated by China. Myron Ebell, a climate change denier who headed Mr. Trump’s Environmental Protection Agency transition team, has drafted a   blueprint for how he could eliminate Mr. Obama’s climate change policies. “It is designed to implement all of the president’s campaign trail promises  —   every single one,” Mr. Ebell said this week in an interview. Mr. Trump’s biggest target may be emission rules that would force the closing of hundreds of   power plants meant to be replaced by wind and solar power. But they are caught up in court battles that could run for months or years. By contrast, he could more quickly soften Mr. Obama’s rules requiring tougher vehicle emission standards. Mr. Trump met on Tuesday with executives of major American automakers, who complained that before leaving office, Mr. Obama finalized an ambitious E. P. A. rule requiring that vehicles average 54. 5 miles per gallon by 2026. Mr. Trump said he would help with burdensome regulations, but offered no specifics. Mr. Trump could lift a moratorium instituted last year by Mr. Obama on new coal mining leases on public lands. As soon as next month, the   Congress may pass legislation undoing Mr. Obama’s regulations on the practice of   coal mining and on leaks of   methane emissions from oil and gas drilling rigs. In the meantime, the Keystone and Dakota pipelines provided Mr. Trump with visible ways to demonstrate action. As proposed by TransCanada, an Alberta firm, Keystone would carry 800, 000 barrels a day from the Canadian oil sands to the Gulf Coast. Republicans and some Democrats said that it would create jobs and expand energy resources, while environmentalists said it would encourage a form of oil extraction that produces more gases that warm the planet than normal petroleum. Studies showed that the pipeline would not have a momentous effect on jobs or the environment, but both sides made it into a symbolic test case. The State Department estimated that Keystone would support 42, 000 temporary jobs for two years  —   about 3, 900 of them in construction and the rest through indirect support, like food service  —   but only 35 permanent jobs. Similarly, the government concluded that Keystone’s carbon emissions would equal less than 1 percent of the total greenhouse gas emissions in the United States. “Keystone has never been a significant issue from an environmental point of view in substance, only in symbol,” said David L. Goldwyn, an energy market analyst and a former head of the State Department’s energy bureau in the Obama administration. But it was a symbol Mr. Trump found important enough to seize on early in his presidency. He signed an executive memorandum inviting TransCanada “to promptly resubmit its application to the Department of State for a presidential permit” for the pipeline, although the document did not guarantee approval. The president told reporters he would “renegotiate some of the terms”  —   including possibly an insistence that the pipeline be built with American steel  —   but left little doubt that he wanted it approved. “We’ll see if we can get that pipeline built,” he said. “A lot of jobs. ” In a statement, TransCanada accepted his invitation to seek permission again. “We are currently preparing the application and intend to do so,” the company said, vowing that it would create jobs and still protect waterways and other sensitive resources. The Dakota Access pipeline in North Dakota became the focus of protests when the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe objected to its construction less than a mile from its reservation. The tribe and its allies won victory last month when the Army Corps of Engineers announced that it would look for alternative routes for the $3. 7 billion pipeline instead of allowing it to be drilled under a dammed section of the Missouri River. Mr. Trump signed an executive memorandum directing the Army “to review and approve in an expedited manner” the pipeline, “to the extent permitted by law and as warranted. ” In his session with reporters, he added, “Again, subject to terms and conditions to be negotiated by us. ” Mr. Trump owned stock in Energy Transfer Partners, the company that is building the Dakota Access pipeline, according to his most recent filing with the Federal Election Commission. Last month, a spokesman for Mr. Trump said he sold all of his stock in June, but there is no way of verifying that sale, and Mr. Trump has not provided documentation of it. Critics vowed to keep resisting the projects. Jan Hasselman, a lawyer for Earthjustice, an environmental law group representing the tribe, said Mr. Trump was discarding the findings of a review. “They’re just ignoring the problems that the government has already found,” he said, “and that is the kind of thing that courts need to review very closely. ” In Canada, the government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau welcomed Mr. Trump’s decision. “We have been supportive of this since the day we were sworn into government,” Jim Carr, the natural resources minister, told reporters. Mr. Carr said the American reversal will lead “to a deepening of the relationship across the border. ” In addition to the Keystone and Dakota directives, Mr. Trump signed three others intended to ease the way for businesses and to promote American manufacturing. One instructed the Commerce Department to develop a plan to ensure that future pipelines built in the United States be constructed of   materials. Another was aimed at streamlining what he called “the incredibly cumbersome, long, horrible permitting process and reducing regulatory burdens for domestic manufacturing. ” The last directive was intended to expedite environmental reviews for “  infrastructure projects” like highways and bridges. Some news reports on Tuesday said that the E. P. A. and other departments had issued orders forbidding employees from issuing news releases or posting on social media. But longtime officials in multiple agencies said the guidance was similar to that of when Mr. Obama took office eight years ago.",0
11016,"Clinton crime family must be taken down... ARREST THEM ALL: Clinton, Podesta, Abedin, Lynch, Mook, Stephanopoulos and all the co-conspirators","Clinton crime family must be taken down... ARREST THEM ALL: Clinton, Podesta, Abedin, Lynch, Mook, Stephanopoulos and all the co-conspirators 
  Clinton corruption , John Podesta , crime family (NaturalNews) It's not just that the corruption and criminality of the Clintons knows no bounds; it's also that the democrat political machine trying to thrust her into power also has total disregard for democracy, truth and ethics. Their mission? Put our nation's worst political criminal into the White House by any means necessary, including systematic lying, fraud, money laundering, intimidation of opponents and even murder of those who might testify against her. The Clinton machine is a mafia operation , and every person involved in it must go to jail.That includes not just the deep operatives like Podesta, Lynch and Abedin, but also all the deep cover Clinton operatives pretending to be journalists , including Stephanopoulos, Maddow, Hayes, Milbank and all the rest ( see the list here ). Every one of these people has committed crimes of sedition against the United States of America and is guilty of attempting to defraud democracy, steal the election, and place a mafia criminal into power at the highest level of government through the deliberate pursuit of journalistic malpractice . Seditious Clinton operatives must be arrested and put behind bars to protect America We the People are beyond the stage of merely wanting to vote you out of power and turn off your broadcast networks. It's now time to seek your indictment and imprisonment so that you cannot be allowed to harm this society ever again.Every operative, journalist and co-conspirator with the Clinton Foundation, the Clinton corruption and the Clinton murders must be arrested, indicted and, if found guilty by a fair trial, sent to prison. This nation needs to heal itself from the Clinton nightmare , and the only way that's going to happen is if the criminal traitors, sellouts and corrupt backstabbers are marched away in handcuffs and put behind bars.""A former FBI official said Sunday that Bill and Hillary Clinton are part of a crime family and argued top officials hindered the investigation into Hillary Clintons private email server while she was secretary of State,"" reports TheHill.com : Kallstrom, best known for leading the investigation into the explosion of TWA flight 800 in the late '90s, said that Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, was a pathological liar.He also blasted Attorney General Loretta Lynch, claiming that she impeded the investigation into Clintons private server.The problem here is this investigation was never a real investigation, he said. Thats the problem. They never had a grand jury empanelled, and the reason they never had a grand jury empanelled, Im sure, is Loretta Lynch would not go along with that. God forbid we put someone like that in the White House, he added of Clinton.Kallstrom also said that FBI Director James Comey and the rest of the FBIs leadership were responsible for holding back the investigation, not the rest of the bureau.The agents are furious with whats going on, I know that for a fact, he said. Corrupt, pro-Clinton ""journalists"" should not be given any quarter in all this. Much like the propagandists of the Third Reich, they abuse their positions of power to operate in conspiracy with an outright criminal who acts against the interests of the American people. Did you know that Hillary Clinton sold off uranium mining rights to the Russians because the oligarchs who made billions off the deal turned around and donated millions to her Clinton Foundation? If you aren't aware of this, you need to watch Clinton Cash immediately . The simple truth is that the entire democrat party is a massive criminal cartel What America has now come to realize via the Wikileaks email dumps , the Project Veritas undercover videos and even the revelations of former FBI agents who know what's really happening inside the agency is that the entire democrat party is a massive criminal cartel .From the DNC (which actively conspired to sideline Bernie Sanders during the nomination process) to the left-wing media (which coordinates false smear attacks against Donald Trump), every element of the democrat party is hopelessly corrupt. Democrat political operatives abide by no laws, no ethics and no boundaries. They lie, cheat and steal their way into power at every election... and they're desperately trying to steal this election, too.It's not just that the Clinton crime family must be taken down, you see: It's that the entire democrat establishment should be disbanded or imprisoned . There isn't a high-level operative inside the DNC who isn't committing election fraud on a daily basis. The coordination and collusion, money laundering and pay-to-play ""influence for sale"" schemes are all illegal, yet they are the very foundation of the democrat establishment as it exists today.Every one of these people needs to be arrested, indicted and imprisoned. This is the only way genuine democracy can be restored across America. Aside from their criminality, democrats' policy ideas just don't work Even on policy alone, democrats are total failures . None of their ideas or policies actually work. Look at Obamacare, with its insurance costs now doubling every 2-3 years , with coverage options crashing nationwide and the entire failed idea now on the verge of imploding. This was hailed as an historic solution by Obama and the rest of the dummocrats who forced it through Congress and the Supreme Court. In reality, Obamacare was the dumbest idea ever attempted to solve the health care crisis, and I called it that from its inception.Democrats are parasites on society who know nothing other than how to survive as government blood suckers by promising big ideas that routinely fail. They confiscate money from taxpayers, waste it on the most stupid policy ideas ever dreamed up, while siphoning off billions for their own salaries, bonuses and luxurious lifestyles. Then, if you oppose their complete idiocy, they invoke the IRS to have you audited or arrested. This is Amerika today under Obama and the Clintons.This racket must end. The Clintons and all their co-conspirators must be sent to prison. Donald Trump is right when he says this is ""Bigger than Watergate."" There's no comparison. The crimes of the Clintons are a thousand times larger and more damning to democracy than anything Richard Nixon ever attempted. Corrupt leftist media still lying every hour in a desperate attempt to defeat Trump While all this is happening, the corrupt leftist media -- Washington Post, New York Times, MSNBC, CNN, Google News, Yahoo News, etc. -- has long since abandoned any pretense of engaging in journalism and is now all-in for the Clinton criminal mafia.They have thrown their reputations to the wind, betting everything on the most corrupt criminal to ever seek the office of the presidency. They're bleeding readers and viewers by the millions as fed-up Americans change the channels or turn off their cable TV altogether (who needs politicized ESPN, anyway?) to seek out more accurate news online from sites like Natural News and Breitbart.com .Even the mass censorship of political trends by Facebook and Twitter can't stop the avalanche of awakening now sweeping across America. Across every sector of society, the American people are saying ENOUGH IS ENOUGH! We will not allow the criminal democrats to steal this election and install a totalitarian dictator into the White House.We will vote against the establishment in record numbers. We will overwhelm the fraud, out-vote the brain-dead leftists and achieve a landslide victory for Donald Trump.And if the corrupt, criminal democrats still fake the numbers, bribe the electoral voters or commit massive fraud to steal the election, We the People will take to the streets and take our democracy back . We the People will NOT accept a Clinton presidency under these conditions of massive fraud, collusion and extreme media bias Based on everything we are seeing right now, there is no scenario under which Hillary Clinton will be accepted as the legitimate victor of this election. In no way has this been an open, fair and free election. It has been a warped, one-sided exercise in media collusion that isn't fooling anyone.In the minds of the real American people, Hillary Clinton is done for . The People will not stand for more corruption, collusion and criminals running our system. The revolt has begun , and it will sweep through the voting booths, the electorate and if necessary, the very streets of America to demand an end to the failed, corrupt political establishment run by sinister criminals who belong behind bars.Get ready, my friends, to take this country back. First, vote for Donald Trump as a vote against corruption and collusion of the leftist establishment.Secondly, demand the arrest of all Clinton-linked operatives , including those in the leftist lying media.Thirdly, do not tolerate the theft of your democracy by corrupt Clinton operatives who are trying to steal this election. If they steal the votes or steal the Electoral College outcome, prepare to march in the streets to take your country back .Yes, I'm calling for peaceful mass protests, everywhere across America, if the criminal democrats and corrupt leftist media steal this election through fraud. Bring plenty of rope because you may have to swing across moats and scale the walls of the castle to finally reach the inner layers of corruption and criminality in Washington D.C. (That's a metaphor, for the dumb-as-dirt left-wing media journalists who are too stupid to parse a sentence.) DEFEAT Clinton now or lose America to a totalitarian regime that will never let go of absolute power This is your LAST CHANCE to take America back. If you allow the Clintons and the corrupt democrats to seize power through widespread fraud and theft, there will never be an open, fair and free election in America ever again . All opponents of Clinton will be imprisoned or executed. All conservative media outlets will be taken offline or silenced. The borders will be opened to a massive wave of illegal aliens from all across the world, and they will overrun and occupy America, destroying it from within while the bigoted, intolerant democrats turn the entire nation into a ""sanctuary nation"" where illegals have absolute immunity while patriots are executed or imprisoned by the millions.That's the ""American Holocaust"" you're going to be witnessing if you allow these criminals -- Clinton, Abedin, Podesta, Stephanopoulos and all the rest -- to remain in power. Throw them behind bars if you want to see your country survive the next four years .",0
11017,"Man-children, rejoice! The New Republic thinks you deserve a break","— Kevin D. Williamson (@KevinNR) October 27, 2016 
If there’s one thing the Left has proven over and over again, it’s that they’ve got science on their side: Science is proving that ""extended adolescence"" is real. So why is our justice system trying 25-year-olds as adults? https://t.co/8ya0TsFdSF pic.twitter.com/isRhp47J9z 
— New Republic (@NewRepublic) October 27, 2016 
Better question: How hot is the New Republic’s take? @NewRepublic I was 25 and providing for a wife and 2 kids on my own. These babies need to grow up",0
11018,Ron Head: Tipping Point,"The Council We know that most of you feel somewhat lost, at sea, and bewildered by what you see going on around you right now. The process of dismantling all that needs to be replaced has indeed begun. The thought that this is what is happening does cross your minds from time to time, but that does not make it much easier to deal with. And telling you that we forewarned you would not serve either.
Much that needed to be renewed has already been shown to you and new ways have begun to be tried. This has been very successful in places; but, as yet, this has not been given much attention. One of the things you may wish to do when success of this nature comes to your attention, is to help spread knowledge of it to the best of your ability. Your new world is being constructed by you even as the chaos appears to be on the rise.
We would love to say that the worst is over. The truth, however, is that it is not. The worst is still being hidden from you. And until one sees the truth, nothing will be done to change it. That is what is happening. You need to see what is coming to the surface to be seen. Many of you already understand, but again, the understanding does not bring much comfort.
Now, we have titled this message ‘Tipping Point’ for a reason. It is not because you are at the tipping point. The fact is that you passed that point some time ago. You are, in fact, now past the point of no return; and the old structures, and those who uphold them, are well aware that they are fighting for their very existence. If you look at what is around you in that light, you will see it is so. They see the outcome, and they do not like it. However, giving in to a possible better way of life does not look attractive from their viewpoint. They truly have nothing, but they imagine that they have everything to lose.
It is more than likely that if you are reading this, you are not under the bombs, not getting Mace in your face, and not standing in front of ‘civil’ police that look like shock troops. But all of those things exist in your world, and therefore in your field of being. You feel them. But what can you do? Is there anything you can do?
Well, many of you are offering support in many ways, not the least of which is your resolve, your prayer, and your intent. And that is exactly what we would advise. The problem is that you do not see the effect of that. We do. We see the changes in the energy of your world very clearly. And we are telling you now that this energy is rising. This is what you came for. This is what you are good at. And this is what you are doing. Those of you who do indeed feel the energy of Earth’s field know this. All of you could feel it if you trained yourselves to do so. But regardless of whether or not this appeals to you, we ask you to know that your efforts are working and to find every opportunity to raise the frequency that you can.
One thing we will remind you of once again. It is just as important for you to keep your own energies up as it is to pray or meditate for the troubled spots that you know about. If you are not in your highest frequency, you indeed cannot help much. If you are in your highest state of love and joy, and are doing all you can to reach higher, you are making major contributions to the final outcome. Fear and darkness cannot exist in an atmosphere of unconditional love. Darkness does not exist in the presence of bright light. As one of your greatest scientists once said, “This is not philosophy, it is physics.” Dearest family, it is also alchemy. It is what changes lead into gold. Buddhists call it ‘poison into medicine’.
This is what you do. It is what you do well. Pat yourselves on the back. Pat each other on the back. Take a deep breath. And do more of it.
There are two published books available on Amazon that contain the collected messages received by Ron Head (that’s me). The first is The Wisdom of Michael, available HERE , and the second is It Rings True, Available HERE . A third book is being compiled now. 
It Rings True: Guidance from The Council It Rings True: Guidance from The Council by Ron Head
By Ron Head
If you are dedicated to progressing on your journey through this lifetime, this is an uplifting selection you will want to have on your bookshelf. This is Ron Head’s second book of loving, channeled messages. Another internationally well-known channel has described this book as ‘filled with gentle and oftentimes humorous, reminders for those who have or are in the process now, of awakening to their own spiritual journey’. You will find numerous messages that approach age-old topics in fresh ways. Whether you read it through from cover to cover or refer to it daily, this is one you will be glad to have.
Available on Amazon → Copyright © Ronald Head. All Rights Reserved. You may copy and redistribute this material so long as you do not alter it in any way, the content remains complete, and you include this copyright notice link: http://ronahead.com/ 
Source: Ron Head — Oracles & Healers 
",0
11019,Feinstein on Trump: ’I Think He’s Going to Get Himself Out’ Of Office - Breitbart,"Part 4 of QA. A protester asked ”how do we get Trump out” @SenFeinstein responds: ”I think he is going to get himself out.” pic. twitter.  Friday, Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( ) answered questions from liberal protesters gathered at a fundraiser in Los Angeles.  One question she received dealt with President Donald Trump and how they were going to get him office, to which Feinstein said he was going to “get himself out” of office. “We have a lot of people looking at this,” Feinstein said. “I think he’s going to get himself out. I think that sending his sons to another country to make a financial deal for his company and then have that covered with government expenses  —   I believe government expenses should not be allowed. ” (  Fox News Insider) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
11020,Maryland Trump Supporter: They Switched My Vote to Hillary,"Maryland Trump Supporter: They Switched My Vote to Hillary Yet another report of vote flipping 
A woman in Hollywood, Maryland is the latest in a number of early voters to claim that her ballot was switched to Hillary Clinton after she had tried to vote for Donald Trump. Maryland Trump Supporter: They Switched My Vote to Hillary – https://t.co/FkNiEUOZHH pic.twitter.com/dalY9KBWtj 
— Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) October 28, 2016 Noting that she had seen reports on the news of votes being flipped, the woman said, “I went in and voted a straight Republican ticket and thank God I went back and checked and they had switched my vote from Trump to (Hillary).” She said that she had to get the vote changed back by alerting election officials, who simply told her to vote for a second time. “I went back the second time and made sure they didn’t change it,” she concluded. As we reported earlier this week, voters in numerous areas of Texas have made a series of complaints that votes are being switched from Trump to Clinton. One election official responded by claiming the problems were caused by voters not understanding how to use the machines properly. “Typically, we’ve found it’s voter error with the equipment,” Frank Phillips, Tarrant County’s election administrator, told WFAA . “Sometimes they vote straight party and then click on other candidates … or do something with the wheel….There is not an issue with the equipment.” However, Trump supporters continue to point to the reports as evidence that vote fraud may be taking place. 
SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:",0
11021,EXCLUSIVE: Trump Has ’Less Kinetic’ Option in Afghanistan,"President Donald Trump is deciding between two rival ideas  —   one more “kinetic” and the other “less kinetic”  —   for U. S. strategy in Afghanistan, according to a senior White House official. [On one side are the military strategists, who favor a robust U. S. military approach to resolving the    Afghanistan war  —   hitting the Taliban harder and pressuring them back to the negotiating table. It would also include more spending on building the Afghan government’s capacity, and entail more overall funding, troops, and resources.  On the other side are those who want to maintain the current level of troops but limit U. S. involvement in the war. That option would leave it up to the Afghan government and the Taliban to resolve the conflict, but assist the Afghan government with a minimal    mission, also known as “foreign internal defense,” and assist local partners in fighting extremist ideology. It would also include a counterterrorism presence to target   targets. It would take notably longer than the kinetic plan but would be significantly cheaper. “We don’t fight other people’s wars,” the official said. “We help our friends fight their own wars for themselves. ” Earlier this week, details of the more kinetic option leaked to the Washington Post. It would consist of an addition of at least 3, 000 more U. S. troops, and be matched by an increase in NATO forces. It would also loosen military restrictions in fighting the Taliban, and allow the Pentagon, instead of the White House, to determine how many troops are needed and where. It would bring the current number of U. S. troops in Afghanistan to at least 11, 400. That plan has drawn support from defense hawks on Capitol Hill and the Republican foreign policy establishment in Washington. “We need to break what has been described by our commander there as a ‘stalemate’ which is, after 15 years or so, an unacceptable situation that requires a new strategy, one for victory,” said Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain ( ). But the plan has drawn skepticism from those inside the White House who favor winding down the U. S. presence and argue that more troops won’t resolve the war. The Obama administration’s 2009 “surge” sent 30, 000 troops to Afghanistan in order to pressure the Taliban to come to the negotiating table, but once the administration began to draw down the U. S. presence, the gains reversed. The Taliban now control areas with almost a third of the population. A poll last year showed a growing number of Americans who believed Afghanistan was a vital interest, but less than half surveyed supported staying another year. Three U. S. special operators were killed earlier this year in Afghanistan  —   already a fourth of all forces killed last year. Reducing the U. S. presence in Afghanistan could jeopardize gains made in building the Afghan military and air force crucial to giving them an edge over Taliban forces, and could lead to an increase in Afghan troop casualties, which are already steep. But proponents of the less kinetic plan argue that it’s not up to the U. S. to decide what Afghanistan looks like, and that the U. S.’s interests are fighting terrorists and to prevent another   something that can be achieved with fewer forces. “What Afghanistan looks like is not up to America,” the official said. The U. S. has spent a total of $783 billion on the Afghanistan war between fiscal years 2001 to 2016, and the Obama administration had requested $43. 7 billion for fiscal year 2017, according to a Brown University study published in September. There are currently 8, 400 U. S. troops deployed on a   basis to Afghanistan and 4, 600 NATO forces. Trump now must decide what to do, caught between his competing instincts to spend less on overseas wars and empower his top military advisers. His previous public remarks do not provide much insight into how he will decide. At a campaign rally in Cleveland, Ohio, on September 8, he criticized the amount of spending on wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. “So we’re on track now to spend  —   listen to this  —   $6 trillion  —   $6 trillion. Could have rebuilt our country twice,” he said. “Meanwhile, massive portions of our country are in a state of total disrepair. It’s time to rebuild America. ” He also told the London Times in a January 16 interview: “I just looked at Afghanistan and you look at the Taliban  —   and you take a look at every, every year it’s more, more, more  …    and you say, you know  —   what’s going on? Afghanistan is, is not going well. ” However, he then said, “Now in all fairness, we haven’t let our people do what they’re supposed to do  …    we haven’t let our military win. ” The White House is not offering any clues into how Trump will decide, although Press Secretary Sean Spicer on Tuesday said the U. S.’s “main objective” in Afghanistan is to prevent it from being used as a safe haven for terrorists who attack the homeland, and called it the mission “going forward. ” “That is the main objective. We remain very focused on the defeat of al Qaeda, its associates, as well as the defeat of [Islamic State in Iraq and  ] which is the ISIS affiliate there in Afghanistan. But that is, simply put, what the mission is going forward. ” Trump is expected to make a decision before the next NATO summit in Brussels on May 25. In anticipation of a U. S. troop increase, NATO members have already been considering increasing their troop numbers also. McMaster, who was one of the architects of the Iraq war troop surge and headed an   task force in Afghanistan, is described as the “driving force behind” the more kinetic strategy, according to the Washington Post. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis also backs the plan, according to the Post. McMaster is also connected to masterminds of the surge, former CIA Director and retired Army Gen. David Petraeus, and retired Army Lt. Gen. Jack Keane. Keane praised McMaster at a dinner Tuesday evening hosted by the Washington Institute. U. S. officials told the Post that increases in troop levels and support to the Afghan government would be “heavily conditioned” on the ability of the Afghan President Ashraf Ghani to get rid of ineffective military commanders and reduce corruption. In an ominous sign, an Integrity Watch Afghanistan survey published in December said 71 percent of those surveyed felt corruption had worsened in the past two years. Proponents of the more kinetic plan have modest expectations for the enhanced military effort, according to the Post. The expectations are that Afghan forces would at best be able to “hold the line” this year and begin to recapture some key terrain from the Taliban next year. Their goal is to make “incremental progress” in coming years in order to persuade the Taliban to make concessions that will lead to peace, according to the Post. Not all retired military brass are convinced of the more kinetic option. Retired Army Lt. Gen. Jerry Boykin took to Twitter on Wednesday to express doubt over the plan. “We have been in #Afghanistan for 16yrs and have never had clear objectives  exit strategy.   these, this could cost the #president,” he tweeted. “I do not want #America to spend any more good #soldiers or resources to #Afghanistan pursuing a losing strategy,” he added. “If sent   defined objectives + appropriate ROE, I could be persuaded that this is a viable plan,” he tweeted, referring to rules of engagement. “Right now, I am not convinced. ”",0
11022,Most Hotly Contested Down-Ballot Measures Of 2016 - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Hostages Trapped Inside Walmart Insisting They Never Shop At Walmart A gunman at a Dearborn, MI Walmart is holding dozens of shoppers who say they only happened to be at the tacky megachain by coincidence. Nation Puts 2016 Election Into Perspective By Reminding Itself Some Species Of Sea Turtles Get Eaten By Birds Just Seconds After They Hatch WASHINGTON—Saying they felt anxious and overwhelmed just days before heading to the polls to decide a historically fraught presidential race, Americans throughout the country reportedly took a moment Thursday to put the 2016 election into perspective by reminding themselves that some species of sea turtles are eaten by birds just seconds after they hatch. Report: Election Day Most Americans’ Only Time In 2016 Being In Same Room With Person Supporting Other Candidate WASHINGTON—According to a report released Thursday by the Pew Research Center, Election Day 2016 will, for the majority of Americans, mark the only time this year they will occupy the same room as a person who supports a different presidential candidate. New Heavy-Duty Voting Machine Allows Americans To Take Out Frustration On It Before Casting Ballot WASHINGTON—Saying the circumstances of this year’s presidential race made the upgrade necessary, election commissions throughout the country were reportedly working to install new heavy-duty voting machines this week that will allow Americans to physically take out their frustrations on the devices before casting their votes. Clinton Staff Readies EMP Launch To Disable All Nation’s Electronic Devices NEW YORK—In an effort to prepare for any new revelations that might emerge about her emails during her tenure as secretary of state, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton reportedly told her staff Tuesday to ready the launch of several electromagnetic pulses to disable all of the nation’s electronic devices. New Report Finds Voters Have No Idea How Outraged They Supposed To Be About Anything Anymore WASHINGTON—Saying that at this point, they were just taking their best guesses at how they should react to each new scandal that emerged about the presidential nominees, voters across the country admitted Monday they had no clue how outraged they are supposed to be about anything anymore. Anthony Weiner Sends Apology Sext To Entire Clinton Campaign BROOKLYN, NY—In response to the FBI’s announcement that its investigation of him had produced new evidence that could pertain to its probe of the Democratic presidential nominee, Anthony Weiner reportedly sent an apology sext early Monday morning to the entire Hillary Clinton campaign. Nation Too Terrified To Look At What Trump’s Recent Rise In Polls Attributed To WASHINGTON—Claiming it felt queasy just thinking about what the cause could be, the nation’s populace said Monday it was too terrified to look at what Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s recent rise in the polls was attributed to. Anthropologists Discover Isolated Tribe Of Joyful Americans Living In Remote Village Untouched By 2016 Election WALDPORT, OR—A team of anthropologists announced Friday it had discovered an isolated tribe of blissful Americans who have never been exposed to the current presidential campaign or its candidates, noting that the newly identified population lives contentedly in a remote village completely untouched by the 2016 race. ",0
11023,A Rare Venture Capitalist — Female and Retail-Focused - The New York Times,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   Kirsten Green had only dabbled in investing in   before she began a venture capital fund in 2012. What she had instead was years of experience covering the retail business as an analyst on Wall Street. So Ms. Green, 45, parlayed that retail knowledge into her venture capital endeavors and used it to bring specialized advice to her companies. In one of her first moves as a venture capitalist, she was part of a $1 million investment into Dollar Shave Club, then a tiny company, which sells razors to consumers online. Later, she invested in Jet. com, an     that was vocal about wanting to take on Amazon. Last year, both those   hit the jackpot: Unilever bought Dollar Shave Club for $1 billion, while Walmart purchased Jet. com for $3. 3 billion. For Ms. Green, that translated into a bonanza of returns. Thinking about “the acquirers, the state of the public markets, how a business is being valued  —   that’s an essential way to understand the overall ecosystem” of   said Ms. Green, whose   venture firm, Forerunner Ventures, is based in San Francisco. The Dollar Shave Club and Jet. com deals have helped vault Ms. Green this year to No. 12 among the top 50 venture capitalists in the world, according to data compiled by CB Insights, a research firm that tracks venture capital. Other venture capitalists on the list also landed their spots partly because of big sales or initial public offerings of their   including the recent I. P. O. of Snap, the maker of the ephemeral messaging app Snapchat. The place of Ms. Green, who did not rank in the top 20 last year, on the list demonstrates that the real measure of success in venture capital is how much a   is worth when it sells or goes public. That is especially so now as the rate of   sales and I. P. O.s  —   known as investment exits  —   is expected to pick up in 2017 after a long lull, according to Renaissance Capital, which tracks public offerings. This year has already seen strong stock market debuts from Snap and corporate software maker Mulesoft. That means the venture capitalists who nurtured those businesses can finally reap some cash. “The fact that we’re seeing more exits, and a stronger opportunity for exits, is a good thing,” said Theresa S. Hajer, a managing director at Cambridge Associates, an investment advisory firm. Knowing when to sell a   or take it public remains as important as deciding to sell. Founders Fund, a venture firm started by the investor Peter Thiel, had put money into Stemcentrx, which makes a   drug. Last year, Stemcentrx agreed to sell itself to the drug maker AbbVie for $5. 8 billion, an amount that generated returns exceeding the $625 million fund that Founders Fund had used to invest in the company. “It’s clearly important to generate realized returns, but the question is still when,” said Brian Singerman, the Founders partner who oversaw the Stemcentrx investment and who is No. 5 on the list of top 20 venture capitalists. CB Insights put together the list using criteria such as the size of a return an investor was able to generate when his or her investments went public or were acquired. The firm focused on the performance of investors since 2009 for the list. Ms. Green is an unorthodox venture capitalist for several reasons. Apart from having never worked at a venture capital firm before starting her own in 2012, she is also a woman in a   field. (Of the top 20 venture investors this year, only two were women.) And unlike many generalist venture investors, who work in a range of areas, Ms. Green focuses specifically on commerce and other    . Investors have tried for years to find the next Amazon or eBay, often with little success. Recent     failures include Fab. com, One Kings Lane, Shoedazzle and Gilt, all of which were financed by   investment firms including Andreessen Horowitz, Greylock Partners and General Atlantic. Ms. Green’s roots in retail run deep. She began her career as an accountant auditing retailers. In the late 1990s, she covered those companies as a stock analyst for Montgomery Securities, studying wonky measurements like customer traffic in retail locations and a store’s profitability per square foot. She also observed the rise of brands like Abercrombie  Fitch, Coach and Ugg. She soon concluded that online commerce would underpin the next generation of important retail brands, but that consumers would not rely on just one way to shop. With the rise of Amazon and other online retailers, Ms. Green saw more bankruptcy filings from traditional retailers, as well as news of store closings and reports of market share shifts. But she also saw stores do well when companies could make an emotional connection with shoppers and better analyze their behavior. “Retail is now totally propelled by consumers and their needs,” she said. “People can buy what they want in any way that they want it. That trend started a long time ago, and it has really changed everything. ” In 2003, Ms. Green decided to jump from analyzing this shift to investing in it. For a time, she worked as a consultant to a private equity firm before turning to venture capital because of her interest in young companies. In 2010, she raised an angel investment fund to make   investments in companies like Birchbox, a cosmetics subscription service, and Warby Parker, an eyeglasses retailer, while she studied how to raise a venture fund. In 2012, Ms. Green raised a $40 million venture fund. The investment firm Cendana Capital contributed $10 million, despite the fact that she had never worked as a traditional investor or tech entrepreneur. “When we talked to founders she had worked with, they all said that she had the best expertise and gave the best advice,” Michael Kim, a managing partner at Cendana, said of Ms. Green. With that fund, Ms. Green helped lead a $1 million investment into Dollar Shave Club when the   was valued at just $5 million. She also joined the company’s board. After Ms. Green invested in Jet. com in 2014, she chatted with Jet’s executives almost weekly about matters including strategy and potential acquisitions, said Katie Finnegan, who was the online retailer’s head of corporate development. Ms. Finnegan said Jet still consults with Ms. Green even after the company’s sale to Walmart. Ms. Green has “a real instinct for brands,” said Rachel Blumenthal, the founder of the children’s apparel   Rockets of Awesome, which sends subscribers a customized box of clothing for every new season. Ms. Blumenthal got to know Ms. Green from Warby Parker, which was founded by Ms. Blumenthal’s husband, Neil. Ms. Green invested in Rockets of Awesome last year and has brought her opinions about consumer behavior to the  . At a recent company board meeting, Ms. Green argued that the online retailer’s subscription box needed to remain distinct from its other packaging. Ms. Blumenthal agreed, saying that making the box “the crown jewel of the customer experience” was the right decision because it was one of the most powerful ways to reach consumers and to learn about them. Ms. Green currently serves on more than 10 company boards, including for the men’s clothing company Bonobos, the makeup brand Glossier and the women’s vitamin company Ritual. She has also had her share of flops. Threadflip, an online consignment store in which she had invested, shut down last year and became part of Le Tote, a service that lets users rent clothing. As for exits, Ms. Green said she tells entrepreneurs that she expects them to take the companies public or sell to a buyer as soon as appropriate. Of the 30 companies in her first fund, eight have been acquired. In her second $75 million fund, which she raised in 2014, two companies have been acquired, including Jet. com. “Now that people are bombarded with information, we are in a golden age where brands matter,” Ms. Green said. “I want to be part of this new era. ”",0
11024,"Actually, ‘Nobody’ Won the 2016 Presidential Election — and It Was a Landslide",". Actually, ‘Nobody’ Won the 2016 Presidential Election — and It Was a Landslide “Nobody for President, that’s my campaign slogan,” Nick Cannon asserted in “ Too Broke to Vote ,” hi... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/actually-nobody-won-2016-presidential.html “Nobody for President, that’s my campaign slogan,” Nick Cannon asserted in “ Too Broke to Vote ,” his viral criticism of the American electoral process from March of this year. Now, it turns out nobody for president won the 2016 election in a landslide.According to new voter turnout statistics from the 2016 election, 47 percent of Americans voted for nobody, far outweighing the votes cast for Trump (25.5 percent) and Hillary (25.6 percent) by eligible voters.And the “I voted for nobody” group is actually much larger than the 47 percent reported because that number only includes eligible voters.How many millions of Americans under the legal voting age — not to mention the countless millions who have lost their voting rights — voted for nobody, as well? Factoring in those individuals, around 193 million people did not vote for Trump or Clinton. That’s nearly two-thirds of the population of the United States.Nobody also seemingly won the presidential primaries, with only 9 percent of Americans casting their votes for either Trump or Clinton. So when does nobody take office? Nobody won the majority of votes in the primaries or the general election, and the two main candidates who were running didn’t “win” the popular vote — they simply slightly outcompeted each other considering neither garnered over 50 percent of the eligible voters’ ballots.That’s where the real debate begins.As I wrote back in August when the primary voter turnout rates came in, one could argue that Trump (and Obama ) do not have a legitimate mandate to rule over the people of the United States. Trump did not win the majority of Americans’ votes — not even close. When all Americans are included, Trump only garnered the votes of about 19 percent of us. This means the United States will be ruled over by a small minority of voters who elected someone to continually impose their political positions on the other 81 percent of us. Ron Paul: ' US Elections Are Rigged & Voting is Used to Pacify the Public ' Of course, as is the case with Democrats looking to assign blame for Hillary’s loss, pundits and political pontificators argue the people who didn’t vote have no right to complain about the outcome. After all, a non-vote or a vote for a third-party candidate was, in actuality, a vote for Trump. But that logic is flawed. The majority of Americans don’t vote anymore because the political system no longer represents them . We’ve been disenfranchised by decades of corrupt, unrepresentative politicians.The United States, according to a highly-cited academic study, is effectively an oligarchy “elected” by a minority of voters ruled by a smaller minority of disliked politicians who represent an even smaller minority of billionaires and special interests. You know it, I know it, hell, even former U.S. President Jimmy Carter knows it . The majority of Americans voted for nobody not because they don’t care or because they are apathetic — they voted no confidence in a political system that forgot about them a long time ago. By Nick Bernabe Dear Friends, HumansAreFree is and will always be free to access and use. If you appreciate my work, please help me continue. 
Stay updated via Email Newsletter: Related",0
11025,Damascus Bombings Near Pilgrimage Sites Kill Dozens - The New York Times,"BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   A double bombing near Shiite shrines often visited by foreign pilgrims in Damascus, Syria, killed at least 40 people on Saturday, shattering the capital’s efforts to isolate itself from the war raging elsewhere in the country. Many of the dead were from neighboring Iraq. The Syrian state news service, SANA, said militants set off two explosive charges near the Bab   cemetery, just south of the Old City. Syria’s interior minister, Mohammed   who visited the site after the blasts, said they had killed 40 people and wounded 120. Other reports cited a higher death toll. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which opposes the Syrian government and monitors the conflict from Britain with the help of contacts in Syria, said that one of the blasts was from a suicide bomber and that the nature of the second was unclear. It put the death toll at 46. The spokesman for Iraq’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Ahmed Jamal, said the attacks killed more than 40 Iraqi pilgrims and wounded 120. The Iraqi government said it was sending medical teams to Damascus to help care for the wounded and airplanes to transport them home. Video from the blast sites showed large buses with their windows blown out and bodies peppered with shrapnel holes, as well as blood and scattered shoes in the street nearby. The attacks were a blow to the government of President Bashar   which has sought to ensure quiet in the capital. As Syria’s war enters its seventh year, Mr. Assad’s forces have rolled back rebel advances and consolidated their grip on Damascus. That has led to a rise in the number of Shiite pilgrims arriving from abroad to visit the city’s sacred shrines, from Iraq, Afghanistan and elsewhere. No group immediately claimed responsibility for the attacks, but there are many militants in Syria who aim both to kill Shiites and to undermine Mr. Assad’s grip on the capital. They include the Syrian affiliate of Al Qaeda and the jihadists of the Islamic State, both of which are Sunni and consider Shiites apostates. Since neither group holds significant territory near the site of the attacks, they point to a major security breach. Last year, the Islamic State group claimed responsibility for a suicide attack south of Damascus near the Sayeda Zeinab shrine, which is revered by Shiites. Also Saturday, Mr. Assad said in an interview with the Hong   Phoenix TV that his military planned to target the city of Raqqa, the capital of the Islamic State’s   caliphate, but that any foreign troops entering Syria without permission would be considered “invaders. ”   forces backed by the United States are also advancing on Raqqa. When asked how he felt about President Trump, Mr. Assad said he was optimistic because Mr. Trump had said that he intended to step up the fight against the Islamic State. “I said since the beginning that this is a promising approach to what’s happening in Syria and in Iraq, because we live in the same area and we face the same enemy,” Mr. Assad said. He added that as of yet he had no direct lines of communication with the American president.",0
11026,How the Grinch Ended Up in Court! - The New York Times,"The Broadway playwright Matthew Lombardo has sued the owner of copyrights for Dr. Seuss’s works, arguing that his new play does not infringe on the classic “How the Grinch Stole Christmas!” The lawsuit, filed Tuesday in United States District Court in Manhattan, said Mr. Lombardo’s     play, “Who’s Holiday! ,” is “highly transformative,” and therefore constitutes fair use. The play, Reuters reported, features a profane    woman who recently served time in prison for murdering her husband, the Grinch, with whom she has a daughter. Mr. Lombardo, whose play “High” ran on Broadway in 2010 starring Kathleen Turner, is seeking $130, 000 in damages, including costs for the cancellation of “Who’s Holiday!” It was to begin performances Off Broadway at New World Stages on Nov. 2. The production was canceled after Dr. Seuss Enterprises complained. Dr. Seuss Enterprises, which has brought other copyright suits in the past, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The upshot of Mr. Lombardo’s position could be described this way:",0
11027,"Donald Trump Whines Because ISIS Cuts off Heads, We Should be Able to Waterboard","By Hrafnkell Haraldsson   9:24 am ""We can’t do waterboarding, it’s far too tough! We’re fighting on a different level! we have to be tough...and in some cases pretty vicious""   
Donald Trump complains about spending a fortune on a war in the Middle East that he supported, a war brought to us by a Republican administration that knowingly lied about the facts. Trump is also lying about the facts, which at least brings our country’s Middle East ordeal full-circle. 
According to Trump, speaking at a rally in New Mexico – and you’ve no doubt seen the barrage of commercials repeating the same lie – “Hillary brought disaster to Iraq, Syria, Libya and every place that she touches. She empowered Iran and she unleashed ISIS by leaving that big vacuum.” 
Of course, it was Republican President George W. Bush who negotiated the balance of forces agreement with Iraq, stipulating that America draw down its combat strength. Reneging on that agreement would have meant not peace in Iraq, or a negation of ISIS, but a second U.S. invasion on top of the rise of ISIS. 
“We want peace through strength,” Trump told the crowd. “We don’t want to be in wars but these savages are chopping off heads.” 
Well, in fact we DID want to be in that war. We invaded Iraq, not vice versa. 
Trump went on to say, 
“Drowning people in steel cages, burying people in the sand. We haven’t had – this is medieval times. This is medieval times and then we can’t do waterboarding, it’s far too tough! You know, we’re fighting on a different level! See, we’re fighting on a different level folks and we have to be tough and we have to be smart and we have to be in some cases pretty vicious, to be honest with you. Pretty vicious, but we have to take them out and then we have to get back to building our country because our country – we’ve spent $6 trillion in the Middle East. $6 trillion. And we could’ve rebuilt our country twice.” 
Never mind for a moment that torture is illegal under international law; never mind that a 2014 Senate Intelligence Committee’s report said torture doesn’t work; Trump’s argument sounds once again like a child wanting to get back at another child who has aggrieved him. 
This is Trump wanting to spite his enemies on an international scale, and arguing to boot that the end justifies the means. 
He doesn’t, because he can’t, prove that acting like barbarians somehow doesn’t make us barbarians ourselves. He certainly can’t prove, because that Senate report says otherwise, that torturing people will win the war. 
The claim of $6 million, by the way, is one Trump made last week in Charlotte, NC as well, and PolitiFact ruled it “half true” at the time, saying, 
Trump is citing the high-end estimate of credible analyses of spending associated with the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Yet he is confusing money that’s been spent with money that researchers say will be spent. 
The point here is that this is a war begun not by Obama and certainly not by Hillary Clinton, who at least admits she supported it and has apologized for doing so, while Trump continued to deny he was ever for it, despite the facts to the contrary. 
When Trump says “we have to be pretty vicious” he is also saying “we have to be pretty dishonest,” and nobody lies with such success or at such a rate as Donald Trump. 
Trump has said he loves war. He has said he likes to be unpredictable. He has asked why we can’t use nuclear weapons since we have them. This is a man most national security experts say should not have the nuclear football in his hands. 
This is a man who, no matter how much he claims otherwise, does not understand how the world works. And he does not understand that by promoting torture, he is only fulfilling the wildest propaganda wishes of the Islamic State, by promising to do precisely what they want him to do.",0
11028,Bodies of 74 Migrants Wash Up on Libyan Coast - The New York Times,"CAIRO  —   The bodies of 74 migrants were recovered from a beach near the town of Zawiya in western Libya, rescuers said on Tuesday, an ominous sign before the high season for Mediterranean crossings. The bodies were believed to have come from a shipwrecked inflatable raft that was found on the same stretch of shore, said Mohammed Almosrti, a spokesman for the Libyan Red Crescent. Some of the bodies were found inside the stricken raft. The rubber boat left Libya for Italy on Saturday and appears to have been left drifting without an engine for several days, said Flavio Di Giacomo, a spokesman for the International Organization for Migration in Rome. “It’s really strange that smugglers would take off the engine,” he said. “They are becoming increasingly cruel. ” Red Crescent workers spent seven hours collecting the bodies on Monday afternoon, and the organization posted photographs of dozens of    body bags lined up on a beach. Three of the dead were said to be women. Given the capacity of the boat, which could hold up to 120 people, the death toll is expected to rise, Mr. Almosrti said. The tragedy was a stark reminder about what may lie ahead during the main migration season in Libya, the principal springboard for most African migrants seeking to get to Europe. Although the illegal trade usually slows for the winter, at least 228 people died in January while trying to reach Italy, mostly in smaller boats and inflatable vessels, according to the European Border and Coast Guard Agency. The bodies that washed up near Zawiya, a smuggling hub 30 miles west of Tripoli, the capital, appeared to be a further sign that greater numbers were starting to set off. “Usually they wait until April or May, and it continues until October,” Mr. Almosrti said. “If they are starting strong like this, it means we could see a lot of deaths this year. ” The route between Libya and Italy was the site of a record number of deaths last year, when at least 4, 579 people died, Fabrice Leggeri, head of the European Border and Coast Guard Agency, said last week. The toll for 2015 was about 3, 000. Libya was the departure point for many of the estimated 180, 000 migrants who reached Italy last year. The migrants, most of whom are fleeing war or poverty in Africa, often arrive in Libya after arduous journeys through the desert. They entrust their lives to smuggling gangs that have set up along a   stretch of coast in western Libya, which is largely controlled by an array of rival militant groups. Italy recently trained 89 members of the Libyan Coast Guard, hoping they will take distressed boats back to Libya instead of allowing them to continue to Italy. The Italian initiative is part of a broader European effort to stem the flow of migrants that includes financing for, and training to set up, holding centers for migrants in Libya. But the plan depends largely on assistance from the United   unity government, one of several rival governments in Libya. The unity government has limited control in Tripoli and in a few towns along the coast. News of the Italian training program, however, may be accelerating the migrant crossings. Mr. Di Giacomo, of the International Organization for Migration, said some smugglers were urging migrants to leave now before the Libyan Coast Guard could thwart their departure. “The smugglers are using this information to convince the migrants that this is the moment to go,” Mr. Di Giacomo said. “For them, it’s a way of doing more business. ”",0
11029,WikiLeaks Shocker: Clinton Camp Considering Paul Ryan Relative as Supreme Court Nominee,"Posted on October 28, 2016 by Paul Joseph Watson Another reason as to why Ryan tried to sabotage Trump’s campaign? Hillary Clinton’s campaign circulated the name of one of Paul Ryan’s relatives as a potential Supreme Court pick, suggesting a conflict of interest that could feed in to the Republican Speaker of the House’s dislike for Donald Trump. An email released in part 19 of the Wikileaks Podesta dump features an article sent by Hillary advisor Sara Solow to Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta and Hillary’s foreign policy advisor Jake Sullivan on February 29, 2016. The piece draws attention to Ketanji Brown Jackson, a judge on the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. “She was confirmed by without any Republican opposition in the Senate not once, but *twice*. She was confirmed to her current position in 2013 by unanimous consent – that is, without any stated opposition. She was also previously confirmed unanimously to a seat on the U.S. Sentencing Commission (where she became vice chair),” reads the email. “Her family is impressive. She is married to a surgeon and has two young daughters. Her father is a retired lawyer and her mother a retired school principal. Her brother was a police officer (in the unit that was the basis for the television show *The Wire*) and is now a law student, and she is related by marriage to Congressman (and Speaker of the House) Paul Ryan.” Earlier this month, Ryan said that he would no longer defend or campaign for Donald Trump. A poll released this week found that nearly two thirds of Republicans trust Donald Trump more than Ryan to lead the GOP. Many Trump supporters speculated that Ryan was involved in the leaking of the infamous Billy Bush tape, in which Trump made lewd comments about women, as part of a plot to sabotage the Republican nominee’s campaign. Could the fact that one of his relatives is being touted as a likely Clinton Supreme Court pick be another reason as to why Ryan – who has been accused by many of being in bed with the Washington establishment – has abandoned his support for Donald Trump?",0
11030,The Art of Jumping Timelines,"Leave a reply Tom Kenyon 
The Hathors – Although it may seem paradoxical to some, your timeline—your life—is only one of many simultaneous possibilities. And it is quite possible, indeed it is your birthright, to alter your timeline and the potentials of your life. 
Your culture, for various reasons, has hypnotized you into believing that you are limited to one timeline. In this message we shall endeavor to discuss our understanding of timelines and how you can change them. 
Whenever there is an increase of chaotic events, there is a convergence of multiple timelines. Due to the fact that your planet has entered a Chaotic Node and is experiencing ever-increasing levels of chaos, there is also an increase in what we call time nodes . 
Time nodes occur when two or more timelines converge. As a result of their close proximity oscillation effects sometimes occur when the realities of one timeline bleed through , or are psychically perceived by those on a neighboring timeline. Strong timelines can also literally affect the possibilities and/or probabilities of other timelines within a time node. In other words, creative and novel effects often occur within timelines when they enter a time node (proximity to other timelines). 
These are evolutionary jumpstarts that hold tremendous possibility for accelerated evolution if you understand how to utilize them. As a result of the volatile nature of events on your planet, there are multiple time nodes emerging. This is a very complicated and complex affair, and we shall endeavor to break it down into its smallest segments, for we believe that this information has vital significance for those of you engaged in the ascension process, and for its sheer survival value. Let us turn our attention to the larger picture first and then to the individual strategies we suggest. Background 
Your planet is poised on the brink of utter transformation. The form of this transformation has multiple expressions, and it is you—the collective—that will affect these outcomes to a greater or lesser degree. 
Some of these outcomes, these possibilities, fulfill the prophecies of planetary destruction and purification. Other timelines, other expressions, reveal a different outcome. A sudden unexpected shift in human consciousness could bring the Controllers , who have so negatively affected your destiny, to their knees. And there are hundreds of other possible timelines between these two polarities. There are vested interests in your society who wish you to remain hypnotized, which wish for you to continue in the delusion that you are limited to one timeline, one experience of life as they so deem it. 
But you have, within your nature, the ability to change timelines and probabilities at the last moment of any event—whether it be personal or collective. We do not say this to be “positive.” We say this as a matter of fact concerning your evolutionary potential. Whether you will collectively reach this potential or not remains to be seen, but the path of an Initiate is to reach upward for the highest potential, regardless of what may or may not be happening around him or her. Thus, in this message we shall discuss what you can do, and how you do it. 
From our perspective, your collective destiny is the summation of individual choices that you, as persons, make. This is combined with evolutionary and terrestrial forces that are far beyond your and your fellow humans’ abilities to control. This collection of forces also involves cosmic patterns of energy and intentionality from areas of the cosmos beyond your local solar system, for you are a part of a complex cosmic matrix that is your universe. 
If we were to use a metaphor, we would say that you, as humanity, are on a great ocean vessel. But many of you are asleep, and there is someone at the helm directing this vessel that should not be there. For many historical and trans-historical reasons, which we won’t go into here, various beings have commandeered your ship. 
But, ah, how the tides are turning. More and more of you are waking up, though some, still half-asleep, stagger across the deck as they watch the tempestuous storm of their world changing before them. The Controllers know that many of you are waking up—too many for their comfort. 
It is, indeed, an interesting time to be alive! 
The current ecological situation in the Gulf is one example of multiple timelines. In spite of your media’s grand attempt to dismiss the situation, many are sensing how dire the situation is, and indeed, there are complications in the Gulf region that are beneath the surface, both literally and figuratively. 
In our previous message we addressed several possible timelines for this event. Which of these possible timelines will unfold into your three-dimensional reality is not written in mud or concrete, but is a changeable event or outcome. In this message we wish to discuss how you, the individual, can jump a timeline into a different destiny at a moment’s notice. This can be extrapolated to your civilization also jumping timelines, but that is a topic for another time. 
For the moment we wish to turn our attention to you, the individual human and how you can jump from a disastrous timeline—from an outcome you do not wish—to something more benevolent, life-friendly, and full of evolutionary potential. 
For the record, there are technological means to jump timelines, but our information here deals with human consciousness, and how you, through the power of your own awareness and intention, can jump timelines. For this endeavor, you already possess two of the greatest treasures in your very own nature— your sovereign will (to make choices) and your capacity to feel . These two, when combined properly will allow you to jump timelines as you so desire, as co-creators of your reality rather than being mere pawns on a chessboard. The Fundamental Principle 
The fundamental principle, for jumping timelines, involves the coordination of a few significant fields of intentionality. 1) You identify the timeline you wish to move into. 2) You shift your vibrational state to match the timeline. 3) You lock in the vibrational state so it does not waver. 4) You take an action that is an expression of the new timeline. 5) Persevere. 
In this fifth stage, you must hold the vibrational state of the new timeline you have chosen, making choices coherent with the new timeline and persevering with this despite sensory information to the contrary. 
This last phase of perseverance is important, because your current timeline is an accumulation of your beliefs and intentions. Depending upon the strength of these beliefs and intentions, you may have to accumulate a vast amount of energy in order to overcome the set pattern of your life. 
The information we are sharing can be used to address any timeline or expression in your life, down to the most mundane situation. In this message however, we will be addressing this methodology for jumping timelines in regards to the ascension process and how you can move into timelines different than the timeline of the culture you are currently residing in. 
This is, for some, a revolutionary idea; but for us it is simply a truth about your nature. You are creator gods and goddesses, and this information we are sharing is simply your birthright. We offer it to you at this time with the anticipation and hope that many of you will jump timelines and tilt the keel of the ship you are upon and take the vessel into safe and prosperous waters. 
Enough of the metaphors now, let us get to the nuts and bolts of how you jump timelines. Ascension 
The ascension process, from our perspective, involves the energizing of your second body, your KA, and its elevation in vibration so that it emits more light, eventually becoming the SAHU, the Immortal Energy Body. There are many ways to raise the vibration of one’s KA. Most of your spiritual traditions have their own methods for raising your vibration, unfortunately, many of them are also riddled with dogma, taboos, and quite honestly, interference patterns from thought-forms placed by those who did not and do not desire your freedom, but who profit by your imprisonment. 
And, yes, it is sad to say that some of your spiritual traditions—and especially your religions—are insidious traps, and if you are to rise upward in the ascension of your own being, you must separate truth from falsehood. Only you can undertake this task, for it is one of the necessities of mastery. This is a line in the sand of consciousness itself for those who have chosen the ascension of their own being. They become masters of truth and do not step aside from ferreting out falsehood from reality. They are not slaves to dogma. They bow to no one but their own divinity. 
From an energetic standpoint, the ascension process begins when your life force, called Sekhem by the ancient Egyptians, begins its ascent up the Djed, or sacred pathway of the chakras. This is ascension in its simplest form. It is the expansion of consciousness and awareness. As your life force enters your higher brain centers and as your KA body becomes energized, you enter another phase of ascension. At this phase, you begin to metabolize light itself. By light we refer to spiritual light, a light that exists in the spiritual realms. This light feeds the KA body and increases its vibration. When the KA body reaches a certain amplitude, or strength of vibration, without wavering, it ignites with a type of etheric fire, turning it into the SAHU, or Immortal Energy Body. This could be viewed as one of the final stages of this particular form of ascension. But what we wish to make very clear is that any movement upward in consciousness and movement of life force up the djed, regardless of the method used, is part of the ascension process. 
We wish now to discuss some basic concepts and training strategies that will impart a basic method for jumping timelines. We will then turn our attention to how you can create a new probability for yourself, even in the midst of what appears to be great difficulty. And most importantly, we will explore a significant evolutionary opportunity that exists within your current time node. 
One of the first tasks facing you if you are to jump into a different timeline is the transcendence of fear. Most humans fear the unknown, but there is a much more insidious element involved here. The Controllers, those who wish to control your destiny and profit by it, are masters of the projection of fear and they are using vast resources of mind control and hypnosis through the media to convince the masses that there is much to fear. And while there is, quite frankly, some truth to there being reasons for fear, the higher truth is not being revealed. 
The higher truth, as we view it, is your capacity to change your reality, your innate ability to use the two treasures of your sovereign will and your capacity to feel as a means to navigate into new timelines. Let us be specific here. 
As we mentioned earlier, the type of ascension we are speaking about begins with the simple movement of your life force up the djed, or spine, into your higher brain centers. As this takes place, the energy wheels within your KA body, called chakras , become activated in new ways. This opens windows of new possibilities, and new insights, new forms of inspiration and creativity blossom. But if consciousness is locked into fear, it becomes imprisoned by the lower centers, the impulses for survival, sex, and power. 
For various historical and trans-historical reasons, as we alluded to earlier, there has been and continues to be, a collusion to keep humanity locked into the lower centers, to perpetuate fear as a means to control destiny. Thus for any master who chooses the upward path, one of the first hurdles to pass through is the Valley of Fear —the projected thought forms of one’s culture. You must then pass through the portals of limitation that would confine you, to recognize the lies that have been perpetuated, even by some of your most sacred religions. 
But let us say that you have the courage and fortitude to undertake such a passage, and let us say, for the sake of example, that the timeline you wish to live in is one of benevolence: loving kindness. Here is how you would do this, remembering that the same principal applies to any timeline you wish to create for yourself. Preparation and Training 
The first step is to identify the timeline you wish to create, that you wish to live in. In this case it is a timeline of loving kindness. The second step is to move into the vibrational state that matches the timeline. In this case, it is the feeling state of loving kindness , so you would, yourself, reside in this state as much as you are capable of. By this we mean you would exhibit loving kindness to others and to yourself. 
The third step is locking in the vibrational field, so it does not waver. This is an important aspect of jumping timelines because the old vibrational state has a life of its own. Just because you have chosen to create a new timeline and have stepped into a vibrational state that matches the timeline, is not a guarantee that the timeline will manifest or continue. You must lock the vibrational field in place, for this is what sustains your access to the new timeline. 
The first two steps involve your sovereign will. You choose a timeline you want to experience. You choose a vibrational state that matches the timeline. And in the third step—locking in the vibrational state—you use the second treasure of your nature: your capacity to feel. 
By feeling the vibrational state you wish to be in, you amplify it; you strengthen it. And if you also include a coherent emotional state such as appreciation or gratitude for the vibrational reality, you will hasten its birth. 
This simple act of appreciating, or feeling gratitude, for the new timeline catalyzes its reality in ways that boggle the mind. So it is that the two treasures of your nature are joined together in these three steps. The next step requires your sovereign will again. You must persevere, to hold the vision of the new timeline and the vibrational state, regardless of what your senses are telling you. This is the passage where many fail. 
The manifesting of a new timeline into your three-dimensional reality requires accumulated energy. If you persist in holding the vision of the new timeline, with the vibrational field (or feeling of it), along with gratitude for it already existing, you will accumulate energy. 
The task here is to be true to your vision while paying attention to what the current reality is showing you. It is not about pretending. It is about facing reality as it presents itself to you while simultaneously holding a higher vision . In other words, you deal with the reality of your life while simultaneously holding the vision of a different life. This is the art. 
Using our example, if you desire to create a life with more loving kindness, you would move into that vibrational state by exhibiting loving kindness to others. If you were able to also feel gratitude for this vibrational state, it would accelerate the creation of the new timeline. 
In reality, there will be a period when you will recognize that not everyone is capable of loving kindness, nor of receiving it for that matter. Your vision will then be refined by the realities of life, and this maturation of your consciousness will take place naturally, as you deal with the realities of your current timeline along with the emergence of your new timeline. 
One result from this way of proceeding is that you will become a master of loving kindness and a master in dealing with those who cannot express such vibrational states. Eventually you will experience a life of more loving kindness, where more people express that quality to you and you to them. And when you encounter someone unable to express this quality, you will be more able to deal with him or her without losing this quality in yourself. 
Thus would you seed the new timeline and new reality for yourself. 
Let us now return to the collective timeline. 
As we said earlier time nodes are juncture points where multiple timelines converge, and you can jump from one to the other if you understand how it is done. We just explained the basic principal as it applies to individual timelines. Now let’s discuss how you can jump to a different timeline than that of any given collective. 
As paradoxical as it may seem it is quite possible to live a separate timeline, having a different experience of life than those around you. 
Let us say that again another way. It is possible to live in heaven while others are living in torment. At the deepest levels of consciousness it is simply a matter of choice. 
We do recognize that you have been, and are continuing to be, manipulated by forces that desire to keep you imprisoned. But our choice in this communication is to give you keys to jump out of that imprisonment, not dwelling on the history of it, or the identities of those involved. For, in truth, the true Controllers are unseen by you. They are the Puppet Masters . 
As chaotic events escalate you will have many opportunities to jump timelines. Our suggestion is to remember the steps we discussed earlier. You might experiment with this method by choosing to conduct an experiment. Choose something that you would like to unfold as a reality in your life and using the steps we discussed, see what you can create. Physical and Spiritual Survival 
Our essential reason for imparting this message involves something of greater consequence than creating personal desires. This “something” literally has to do with your survival, both physically and spiritually. 
As chaotic events escalate, your powers of intuition will be more important to you than ever before. 
Some people call them “hunches.” Without knowing how you know, you suddenly know what to do in a situation. 
This is how intuition works. In these moments of intuition you are at a juncture point—a time node—where you can jump into a different timeline and a different outcome. 
This increase of intuitive receptivity is one of the hallmarks of personal ascension, or the movement upward in consciousness. A more developed intuition has obvious physical survival benefits. 
A moment ago we said something that may be paradoxical to some individuals. We said that the ability to jump timelines had both physical and spiritual survival benefits. 
What we meant here is that the ability to jump a timeline into a different outcome can result in physical survival in certain situations. By spiritual survival, we mean that there are threats to your spiritual awakening. If you lose track of your own truth, if you lose the two treasures that you possess in your nature—your sovereign will and your capacity to feel—then you are spiritually in danger. Do not lose sight of these treasures in yourself. As chaotic events increase, and they shall—for this is the birthing of a new world—the Controllers will increase their efforts. Be leery of mind-control and of any thought form that limits your sovereign will and your ability to feel, regardless of its origins—even if it comes from one of your “sacred” religions. 
Any thought form, no matter how dressed up in sacred garb or political correctness that would limit your sovereign will to choose or your capacity to feel should be avoided. This is a vital necessity for those of you who wish to survive this passage spiritually intact. The Convergence of Timelines and the Alteration of Probabilities 
Let us now turn our attention to the primary reason for this communication. Everything we have said up to this point is background and suggestions for the training of your own consciousness to jump timelines. 
But now we turn our attention to two highly significant timelines that exist independently of your creation. They are of a different order of existence. They are not created out of your personal choice. And they exist in diametric opposition to each other. 
You exist, as we have said on numerous occasions, in multiple timelines and probabilities simultaneously. One of the timelines you and humanity are living in at this moment is a fulfilling of the prophecies of doom and planetary destruction. This is a very real timeline. But, this is only one possible timeline. You are at a convergence point, a time node, where it is possible to jump from the doomsday probabilities into a new type of Earth and a new order of existence. 
This timeline, which we call the New Earth , is a very different dimension of experience than your current reality. In this timeline, Earth is deeply honored and held in gratitude by the bulk of humanity, which understands and appreciates the truth that all life is interconnected. 
Here, Earth is not ravaged and exploited for the sake of profit—at the detriment of her very ecosystem. Technologies have been transformed through the elevation of human consciousness. Gone are the life-threatening technologies and life damaging mindsets of your current era. Wars are a thing of the past. The Controllers who exerted negative forces upon your destiny through their manipulation of religion, economics and international affairs have relinquished their power. Life itself is held as sacred, and a new understanding of the sacredness of matter is embraced by humanity. There is no war between Heaven and Earth in this new world. 
There are more things that we could say about this timeline, but you have a sense, we hope, of the difference between this timeline and the other that ultimately leads to doom and destruction. 
There is one more thing we wish to say about this timeline of the New Earth. It is an attribute that we particularly appreciate. In this new timeline, the veils between the worlds are thin, and there is greater interaction between humans and intergalactic beings—such as ourselves—and with what you might call the devic and spirit worlds. 
It is here that we must say it is not our intention to sway you, for we believe in non-intervention. We will not interfere with your free will. However, we are free to point out to you what we see. 
In ancient Egypt there was a goddess called Maat, who held a set of scales, and upon death the heart of an Initiate would be placed upon the scales, and a feather would be placed on the other side. If the heart was as light as a feather the Initiate would be given entrance to the heavenly worlds—meaning higher states of consciousness. But if the heart was laden with negativity, regret, and sorrow, the Initiate would have to return to the lower worlds. 
In a very real way humanity is at its meeting point with Maat. Every person who believes in the timeline of doom, destruction and horror will add to its reality. Everyone who holds as real the timeline of the New Earth will add to its reality. 
You are not powerless in this situation. You hold in your very nature the power of radical change for yourself and the planet—especially for humanity. If you feel a resonance with this timeline of the New Earth, and if you choose to live in this new order of being, you will be adding your weight, so to speak, and helping to tip the scales. 
We wish to say something we said earlier, for it is of vital importance. It is possible to live in heaven while those around you live in torment. This has little to do with your location in time and space, but more to do with your vibrational state. 
If you feel the truth of what we are saying and choose to align with this New Earth, we welcome you to a new timeline and a new destiny. 
Our suggestion is to go over the steps of how to jump timelines we gave earlier, and to begin the grand experiment. Enter the timeline of the New Earth and prepare yourself for the miraculous. 
Finally—let the Earth speak to you. Let her caress you and transfer to you her deepest knowledge and wisdom. She shall be a great ally in the coming changes. 
We shall give further information about jumping timelines and the New Earth in future communications. But for now, we hope you have a basic understanding of how to proceed. 
As always, even in the midst of such great difficulties as you now face, we hold a higher vision for you, the human family. We see your hidden greatness, even though you may not see it yourself. We hold a light in this hour of darkness. It is just a reminder of the great light you hold within yourself. It is time to free this light within you. Future generations will be blessed by your ascent. May it be so. – Tom Kenyon",0
11031,Ohio State Campus Carry Proponent Shot and Killed Near Campus - Breitbart,"Tarak Underiner —  a    Ohio State University student and campus carry proponent —  was shot and killed near campus early Thursday morning. [A motive for the shooting is not known, but police believe the incident was not random.  According to WCPO, police responded to a 911 call which indicated someone had been shot. Upon reaching the scene they found Underiner, who had been “shot multiple times. ” He was pronounced dead at the scene. WSYX reports that police found no evidence of forced entry and that Underiner’s two roommates are not considered suspects. Ohio Students for Concealed Carry director Michael Newbern posted the following message to Facebook following news of Underiner’s death: I am deeply saddened by the tragedy that occurred last night near The Ohio State University. Tarak Underiner was both a personal friend of mine and a bright young man with a promising future ahead of him. His work as a member of Buckeyes for Concealed Carry on Campus to restore the right to   on Ohio’s college campuses put him in an elite class obtained by very few others in our movement. At this time, few facts are known and speculation on the circumstances surrounding his death is unwarranted. We are committed to working with law enforcement to the best of our ability in their efforts to solve this case. We also plead with anyone that may have any relevant information to reach out to OSUPD at (614)    CPD at (614) . On December 19, 2016, Ohio Governor John Kasich (R) signed legislation allowing college and university systems to allow campus carry by concealed carry permit holders if they so choose. OSU president Michael Drake has made it clear that he opposes allowing   students to be armed on campus for  . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.  ",0
11032,Anti-Trump Violence Sweeps the Nation,"Anti-Trump Violence Sweeps the Nation Matthew Vadum, LifeZette, October 26, 2016 
While the mainstream media has been working day and night promoting Hillary Clinton’s candidacy, it has largely ignored or downplayed violent attacks against supporters of Donald Trump. 
But assaults on Trump supporters appear to be growing increasingly common as Election Day approaches and tensions intensify. Reports of Trump lawn signs and banners being stolen and defaced are everywhere on social media. 
Making matters worse, undercover video evidence emerged showing senior Democrat operatives Robert Creamer and Scott Foval acknowledging using dirty, likely illegal tricks against the Trump campaign. Their goal was to generate negative media coverage of Trump rallies by fomenting violence at them. The media eagerly used the various fisticuffs and melees the Democrats created to attempt to discredit Trump by depicting his supporters as violent, knuckle-dragging crazies. 
{snip} 
Despite their aversion to covering stories that put Trump in a sympathetic light, members of the media had no choice but to cover the extremely newsworthy Oct. 15 weekend firebombing of Republican Party headquarters in Orange County, North Carolina. Gov. Pat McCrory called the arson “an attack on our democracy,” while one GOP official called it an act of “political terrorism.” Spray-painted on the building next door were a swastika and the sentence “Nazi Republicans get out of town or else.” 
Meanwhile, most physical attacks on Trump supporters make only local news outlet–if that. Rarely do such assaults get mentioned on the evening TV broadcast news or in The New York Times or The Washington Post. That’s because they don’t fit the leftist narrative that Republicans are violent, racist, Islamophobic homophobes. 
{snip} 
Here is a compilation of some of the attacks on Trump supporters: 
On Oct. 15 in Bangor, Maine, vandals spray-painted about 20 parked cars outside a Trump rally. Trump supporter Paul Foster, whose van was hit with white paint, told reporters, “Why can’t they do a peaceful protest instead of painting cars, all of this, to make their statement?” 
Around Oct. 3, a couple of Trump supporters were assaulted in Zeitgeist, a San Francisco bar, after they were allegedly refused service for expressing support for Trump, GotNews reports. “The two Trump supporters were attacked, punched, and chased into the street by ‘some thugs’ that a barmaid called out from the back.” Lilian Kim of ABC 7 Bay Area tweeted a photo of the men, in which one was wearing a Trump T-shirt and the other was wearing a “Blue Lives Matter” shirt. 
On Sept. 28 in El Cajon, California, an angry mob at a Black Lives Matter protest beat 21-year-old Trump supporter Feras Jabro for wearing a “Make America Great Again” baseball cap. The assault was broadcast live using the smartphone app Periscope. 
On Sept. 26 at Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, Minnesota, as the first presidential debate was about to get underway, a woman wearing Trump campaign apparel was assaulted while heading to a debate watch event. {snip} 
On Aug. 19 in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Trump supporters had to run a gauntlet of angry protesters to get into a Trump fundraiser at the Minneapolis Convention Center. When they left after the event they were hit, pushed, and spit on. 
{snip} 
On Aug. 3 in Bloomfield, New Jersey, an assailant attacked a 62-year-old man who was walking down the street wearing a pro-Trump T-shirt, local police said. “The motorist inquired why [the man] was wearing the shirt, directing profanities at him,” a police spokesman said. “The [victim] continued to walk away as [the] motorist followed him.” The motorist hit the man several times with a crowbar, causing injuries to his arms, hands, and thighs, 
{snip} 
This is not an exhaustive list of violent attacks on Trump supporters. 
No doubt there will be plenty more such assaults in the final two weeks, as Americans head to the polls. 
And Hillary Clinton’s campaign may be involved in those attacks.",0
11033,Train Derailment in India Kills More Than 100 - The New York Times,"NEW DELHI  —   Fourteen coaches of an Indian train derailed early Sunday, killing at least 108 people in one of the worst rail accidents here in recent years, the police said. At least 75 others were admitted to hospitals, many of them with head injuries and fractures, and the death toll was likely to rise, said Rahul Srivastav, a spokesman for the police in Uttar Pradesh State, where the derailment took place. The accident occurred at 3 a. m. about a mile from the Pukhrayan railway station, about 40 miles southwest of the northern city of Kanpur, on a train bound for Patna, the capital of Bihar State. Mr. Srivastav noted that passengers were sleeping at the time. The deaths and injuries occurred when people were “falling over each other and colliding against the compartment,” he said. Two coaches were crushed in the derailment, he said. The cause of the accident was unclear on Sunday. Ved Prakash, a spokesman for the railway, said he suspected that a “rail fracture,” or a crack in the train track, might have been the cause, though it was too early to be sure. Indian railways have had dozens of such cracks on various tracks, The Hindu newspaper reported. “The whole train was shaking,” a young passenger said in a televised interview with NDTV, a news channel. “My sister was there and my brothers were there. I found everyone except for my father. ” In another televised interview, a young woman said, “I became very numb and I thought, ‘What has happened here? ’” The Uttar Pradesh police, the railway police, the National Disaster Response Force and the state health department were dispatched to the scene. Rescue efforts continued on Sunday. “All kind of instruments are needed when coaches get mangled and topple over each other,” Mr. Srivastav said. India has long struggled to modernize its creaking railway system, which is one of the largest in the world but suffers from neglect and age. Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced that the government would provide 200, 000 rupees, or nearly $3, 000, to the families of those killed in the accident, above any amount offered by the Indian railways.",0
11034,"Review: In ‘Queen of Katwe,’ a Pawn Finds Her Crown Through Chess - The New York Times","“Irresistible” is one of those adjectives that critics should handle with utmost care. No matter how universally charming or winning a movie or a performance might seem to be, there is always a chance that somebody, somewhere, will be able to resist it. For all I know that may be the case with “Queen of Katwe,” but if there is anyone out there capable of remaining unmoved by this       sports story, I don’t think I want to meet that person. To be fair, the film, directed by Mira Nair, based on Tim Crothers’s book and enabled by the magical corporate synergy of Disney and ESPN, belongs to a genre that specializes in defeating skepticism and swelling the stoniest hearts. Just as surely as a creaky door or a clap of thunder will summon shivers of fright the thousandth time you hear it, so will the spectacle of a scrappy group of strivers following their unlikely coach to victory bring lumps to throats and tears to eyes. Did “Hoosiers” make you cry? “Queen of Katwe” will wreck you. Katwe is a poor township outside of Kampala, the Ugandan capital, and it is the hometown of Phiona Mutesi, a chess prodigy played by Madina Nalwanga in her film debut. Phiona lives with three siblings under the watchful, tired eye of their mother, Nakku Harriet (Lupita Nyong’o) who has lost her husband and another child and who scratches out a living selling food on the street. The family never has enough money, and Uganda is depicted as a country of stark inequalities ruled by an unforgiving cash economy. Shelter, schooling, medical treatment and transportation to the hospital after an accident must be paid for up front. Harriet, her mouth a permanent frown, is nearly consumed by worry and fatigue. Her eldest daughter, Night (Taryn Kyaze) has taken up with an unsavory guy on a motorbike. The middle children, Phiona and her younger brother, Brian (Martin Kabanza) scarcely have enough to eat. Chess enters their world thanks to Robert Katende (David Oyelowo) who teaches the game to Katwe’s children as part of a youth ministry. Robert, whose own youth was scarred by poverty and war, has an engineering degree but lacks the connections that would help land him a job working for the government or a private company. He is an inspiring coach  —   when Mr. Oyelowo wants to inspire you, you are darn well going to be inspired  —   and also a sly and cheerful class warrior. He   his way into a chess tournament held at a snooty private school, and proudly leads his charges into battle against opponents who are reluctant to shake their hands. The sight of     schoolboys beaten by a girl  —   a poor girl, at that  —   would be satisfying even if “Queen of Katwe” were a less vivid and engaging movie. In Ms. Nair’s hands, Phiona’s story has a richness and unpredictability that separates it from other, superficially similar movies. It also has the buoyant, cleareyed feel for the particulars of culture and place that is among this director’s great gifts, evident in films as different as “Mississippi Masala,” “Monsoon Wedding” and “Vanity Fair. ” Phiona’s circumstances are harsh, and the film hardly minimizes the brutal choices and painful limitations placed on women like Harriet and Night. Nor does it suggest that winning chess matches is a magical solution to the world’s injustice. “Hope is not a tactic,” Robert likes to say. But despair is not a strategy, and Ms. Nair and the screenwriter, William Wheeler, refuse to turn African life into a pageant of grimness and deprivation. “Queen of Katwe” is likely to be embraced by young viewers, and there is nothing here they won’t be able to handle. Adults, meanwhile, can surrender to some   melodramatic pleasures, as the busy plot takes in Harriet and Robert’s struggles as well as Phiona’s. But in the end it is Ms. Nalwanga who will rivet all eyes in the way that untrained, naturally charismatic screen performers sometimes can, especially when supported by actors with the technical expertise of Ms. Nyong’o and Mr. Oyelowo. Ms. Nalwanga’s watchful, quiet presence conveys both shyness and determination, a habit of humility in tension with an almost superhuman intelligence. Phiona’s awakening sense of her talent is the engine that drives the main plot of “Queen of Katwe” and also what makes it an affecting character study. When she starts to learn chess, she can barely read, and her growing awareness of the powers of her mind is thrilling to watch. Ms. Nair makes this process as visible, as palpable  —   as irresistible  —   as any boxing match or soccer game. “Queen of Katwe” is rated PG (Parental guidance suggested). A few scary moments and hints of sexuality. Running time: 2 hours 4 minutes.",0
11035,Gary Johnson Just SNAPPED On Reporter Who Called Him Out For Being Dumb,"  
Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson continues to shoot himself in the foot on a daily basis. Just a day after the media took his running mate’s statements to their logical conclusion – a tacit endorsement of Hillary Clinton – Johnson then lost his cool during an interview with the Guardian, in one of the most awkward interviews we’ve ever seen. 
“I could hear some loud voices just then. Is is the same questions? You get the same questions again and again and again?” asks Lewis. “I’m an idiot. Really. I’m the dumbest guy that you’ve ever met in your whole life” replies Johnson. An awkward silence follows while Lewis admits “I’m trying to work out if that’s sarcasm or not.” 
When Lews got to more substantial questions, like how Johnson felt about the fact that every major economist considers Johnson’s proposals to abolish all taxes and replace them with a flat sales tax to be crackpot lunacy, the candidate blew his top and went off on an angry but unrelated rant about how he was considered a fool for proposing marijuana legalization. 
The Libertarian Party never had much chance in the first place, and their poll numbers continue to plummet . Their platform of free-market anarchy and a juvenile obsession with “freedoms” is supported largely by stoned fringe wing-nuts who worship Alex Jones and despise the government in the same way a toddler is infuriated at a parent for not letting them jam a fork into an electric socket. 
The general displeasure with the mainstream candidates created some increased interest in the Libertarian Party, but Gary Johnson’s behavior can be seen as a representation for the party as a whole: unprepared and immature. 
Watch it here:",0
11036,Sanders: ’Trump Did Not Tell the Truth in His Campaign in Terms of What He Would Do as President’ - Breitbart,"Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” Sen. Bernie Sanders (I. ) said Trump “did not tell the truth” based on what he said during the campaign and what he has done so far as president of the United States.  “Let’s be clear. I mean, the point here is that, I think, all over grassroots America, whether they’re Democrats, independents or Republicans, people are perceiving that Trump did not tell the truth in his campaign in terms of what he would do as president of the United States,” Sanders said. “He was going to drain the swamp. Well, he’s, in fact, appointed more billionaires to his Cabinet than any president in history, etc. etc. So, what I think has happened now, in Kansas, it is true that the Democratic candidate lost. It is true that the Democratic Party should have put more resources into that election. But it is also true that he ran 20 points better than the  —   than the Democratic candidate for president did in Kansas. ” “So, what you’re seeing in Kansas, what you’re seeing in Georgia, I believe you’re going to see it in Montana, I believe you’re going to see it all over this country, is the many   red states, working people are going to wake up and say, wait a second,” he continued. “Republicans want to cut Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid and education, and they want to give hundreds of billions of dollars in tax breaks to the top 1 percent. No, that’s not what we elected Trump to do. Yes, climate change is real. It’s not a hoax. We got to move to sustainable energy. I think, all over this country, in red states and in blue states, people are beginning to stand up. They’re beginning to fight back. They’re demanding a government which does not just represent the billionaires, but represents the working class of this country. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
11037,"For a Mother With Big Dreams, Two Forbidden Words: ‘I Can’t’ - The New York Times","Alicia Rivera, a    single mother with four children and big dreams, must budget her money and her time wisely. “I got my kids,” Ms. Rivera said. “I don’t want to waste my time. ” Ms. Rivera and her children  —   Joaquin, 17 Nelson, 16 Alyssa, 11 and Rafael, 2  —   live in a   apartment in the Bronx, near the southern tip of the Bronx River Parkway. The past few years have sometimes been overwhelming for her as she tries to raise her children by herself, get an education and lay the foundation for a professional career. When she was seven months pregnant with Rafael, Ms. Rivera injured her back while working as a home health aide. Soon after he was born, she switched to another job, helping   people navigate complicated real estate and tax forms and other paperwork. Ms. Rivera makes about $100 every week. She also receives $216 a month in Supplemental Security Income and $506 a month in food stamps. With a monthly rent of $308, she needs to keep a frugal budget. But Ms. Rivera has a plan. She is on track to receive an associate degree from Plaza College in April. Her goal is to then earn a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree, both in business, from Metropolitan College of New York. She dreams of opening a dance studio in the Bronx. Ms. Rivera grew up in the Bronx with a mother who could not afford to send her to dance classes. But she loved dancing in front of the family’s television as they watched the   variety show “Sábado Gigante. ” “And you see these kids dancing, and you see me dancing in the living room, too,” Ms. Rivera said. “I used to wear my mom’s makeup, her heels. ” Ms. Rivera passed on her love of dancing to her children, especially Joaquin, who leads a dance team at his school, the Knowledge and Power Preparatory Academy, near Fordham University in the Bronx. She watched him at a dance rehearsal at the school, and she said the students’ moves reminded her of the “Step Up” movie series. “Made me laugh, made me have a good time,” she said. “I felt like joining them,” she said, beaming. At times, Ms. Rivera has struggled to balance her obligations at home, school and work. As she devoted more time to her studies, her son Nelson, who attends the same academy as Joaquin, started having trouble at school. A counselor there contacted her, saying that Nelson did not want to go to class. The counselor referred her to the Family Assistance Program, which soon referred them to the Children’s Aid Society, one of the eight organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund. At Children’s Aid, Ms. Rivera said, she learned how to improve her parenting. She said she used to get frustrated and yell at Nelson when he struggled to get up and get ready in the morning. A counselor told her that yelling at him was not going to solve the problem. Therapy sessions with the family also made it clear that her sons needed their own rooms. Ms. Rivera said she started to notice positive changes at home after several months of therapy. Her older sons now have their own rooms. Alyssa agreed to share a room with her mother and Rafael. Her elder sons are more focused now. Nelson comes to her with problems, not letting them linger, and they work them out together. Joaquin is starting to research colleges. The Children’s Aid Society also provided Ms. Rivera $413 in Neediest funds to replace her sons’ broken beds with new ones. Nelson and a friend put them together, she said. While still attending school, Nelson is taking some online courses, which cost $49 a month. Ms. Rivera wants to withdraw Nelson to take online classes full time so that she can monitor his schoolwork more carefully. In addition to opening a dance school, Ms. Rivera wants to start a business similar to her present workplace. While the family has learned to resolve problems, Ms. Rivera refuses to lower her expectations. She bristles when she hears her children or their friends say they cannot do something. “Don’t say, ‘I can’t,’” she said. “Joaquin never says, ‘I can’t,’ because he hears me. ” That is one way she lays the foundation for her children’s future. Ms. Rivera said Alyssa was struggling one day with homework. So she took time out of her own schoolwork, encouraged her daughter and patiently walked her through the steps of writing a   essay. “It took her three hours, and when she was done, I said, ‘You see? You could do it. ’”",0
11038,Police Turn In Badges Rather Than Incite Violence Against Standing Rock Protestors,It should be evident if you’re following news concerning the Standing Rock protests in North Dakota that tension continues to escalate between protestors supporting the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and... ,0
11039,U.S. Warns Honda and Acura Owners to Replace Airbags - The New York Times,"In an urgent plea to car owners, federal safety regulators on Thursday warned that airbags in more than 300, 000 older Honda and Acura vehicles were at an unacceptably high risk of exploding, and needed to be replaced immediately. Laboratory tests underway on airbags collected from recalled vehicles indicate that Takata airbags in certain   Honda and Acura vehicles had “as high as a 50 percent chance of a dangerous airbag inflater rupture in a crash,” the transportation secretary, Anthony Foxx, said in a bulletin. “These vehicles are unsafe and need to be repaired immediately,” Mr. Foxx said. “Folks should not drive these vehicles unless they are going straight to a dealer to have them repaired immediately, free of charge. ” The   vehicles are: ■   Honda Civic■   Honda Accord■   Acura TL■ 2002 Honda  ■ 2002 Honda Odyssey■ 2003 Acura CL■ 2003 Honda Pilot The bulletin adds new urgency to the effort to recall and replace defective Takata airbags, which have been linked to at least 14 deaths and more than 100 injuries. Problems with the propellant that inflates the airbag can cause a metal part to rupture when the bag is deployed in a crash, shooting metal fragments toward the car’s driver or passengers. In one recent accident, a Texas teenager was killed when a fragment shot out of her airbag in a crash and severed an artery in her neck. She was driving a 2002 Honda Civic. The defect has prompted 14 automakers to recall more than 60 million vehicles in the United States, and millions more overseas. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration on Thursday repeated previous warnings that drivers in humid regions  —   particularly Florida, Texas, other parts of the Gulf Coast and Southern California  —   were at particular risk. High humidity, as well as high temperatures, causes a compound Takata uses to inflate its airbags to break down over time, and become more explosive. That puts older models at risk. More than 70 percent of the   vehicles, which were recalled between 2008 and 2011, have already been repaired, according to the agency, which has been testing bags that have been replaced. But about 313, 000 of those vehicles remain unrepaired, the agency said. Car owners can check whether a car has been recalled at SaferCar. gov, and those affected should contact the nearest dealer to schedule a repair, the agency said. Replacement parts are available immediately for the   vehicles, it said. Honda said on Thursday that it would more than double the size of its customer service staff to handle calls from car owners. It was also planning a targeted social media campaign to identify, and communicate with, owners of the   cars. Over all, Honda has mailed almost 18 million recall notices and sent almost six million emails to urge car owners to have their vehicles repaired, the automaker said. Senator Bill Nelson, a Democrat from Florida, demanded a more proactive approach. “These vehicles are death traps, and Takata and Honda have understated the risks for far too long,” Mr. Nelson, ranking member of the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee, said in a statement on Thursday. “Merely telling people to come to dealers is not enough  —   they need to go out and find these vehicles and get them off the road,” Mr. Nelson said.",0
11040,"Arbeitsministerium führt ""Rente zwölf Jahre vor dem Tod"" ein","Sonntag, 6. November 2016 Arbeitsministerium führt ""Rente zwölf Jahre vor dem Tod"" ein Berlin (Archiv) - Rente mit 65, Rente mit 67, Rente mit 75... Um die ewigen Streitereien um den Ruhestand ein für allemal zu beenden, hat Andrea Nahles (SPD) heute einen neuen Vorstoß gewagt und die sogenannte ""Rente zwölf Jahre vor dem Tod"" vorgestellt. Der Ansatz sieht vor, dass Arbeitnehmer unabhängig vom eigenen Alter künftig genau zwölf Jahre vor ihrem Ableben Anspruch auf die volle Rente haben. Denn nur auf diesem Wege könnten die unterschiedlichen Biographien von Arbeitnehmern berücksichtigt werden. Hat die Rentenfrage endlich gelöst: Nahles Auf einer Pressekonferenz führte Nahles ihre Pläne genauer aus: ""Ein Sparkassenangestellter, der erst mit 97 stirbt, müsste künftig bis 85 arbeiten, während etwa ein Maurer, der mit 44 bei einem Motorradunfall ums Leben kommt, schon mit 32 in den Ruhestand gehen könnte – bei voller Leistung. Nur so kann volle Rentengerechtigkeit hergestellt werden."" Gewerkschaften und Arbeitgeberverbände reagierten enttäuscht auf den Entwurf aus dem Arbeitsministerium. Erstere fordern, dass die Rente bereits 14 Jahre vor dem Tod ausbezahlt werden sollte, während zweitere aufgrund des demographischen Wandels die Rente erst zehn Jahre vor dem Tod durchsetzen wollen. Nahles selbst trat nach der Pressekonferenz umgehend von ihrem Amt zurück. Aufgrund einer unheilbaren Krebserkrankung, an der sie in zwölf Jahren sterben werde, wolle sie jetzt erst einmal den wohlverdienten Ruhestand im Kreise ihrer Liebsten genießen. ssi; Foto oben: Fotolia.com, Foto rechts: Heinrich-Böll-Stiftung , CC BY-SA 2.0 ; Hinweis: Erstmals erschienen am 12.8.10 Artikel teilen:",0
11041,Russia and the U.S. Election: What We Know and Don’t Know - The New York Times,"The swirl of revelations and allegations about Russian involvement in the American presidential election, which has been building since the summer, can be difficult to keep straight. For example, though analysts often say that Russia “hacked the election,” this shorthand refers to something much subtler than altering the vote itself  —   just one of many points of growing confusion. What follows is a guide to what is known and is not, and to separating fact from misconception. • Russian security agencies infiltrated Democratic National Committee email servers last year and again this spring, according to American intelligence assessments and several independent security firms. The Russians also hacked a private email account belonging to John D. Podesta, the chairman of Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign. • This summer, intermediaries linked to the Russian government passed the emails to WikiLeaks and to an anonymous WordPress blog called Guccifer 2. 0. Those outlets released the emails publicly, generating weeks of unfavorable coverage of Mrs. Clinton’s campaign. • Initially, many analysts believed that Russia’s goal was to sow confusion and undermine Americans’ faith in their government  —   a common Russian tactic  —   rather than to steer the election’s outcome. • However, after the election, the Central Intelligence Agency concluded that Russia had released the emails with the primary goal of bolstering Donald J. Trump’s presidential campaign. • No information has emerged suggesting that the C. I. A. believes that Russia’s involvement decided the election’s outcome. • There is no evidence that hackers, from Russia or elsewhere, tampered with the vote tallies. • Mr. Trump has said there was widespread voter fraud that favored Mrs. Clinton, and some liberal commentators have suggested that the election was hacked. Independent analysts say there is overwhelming evidence against both claims. • A widely circulated New York magazine article reported that two voting experts had urged Democrats to push for a recount, on fears that hackers had manipulated the vote. But one of those experts disputed that article, writing in a post on Medium that he had urged a recount but had doubted hacking. • The White House and election officials have said the vote shows no sign of tampering and accurately reflects popular will. • A recount effort led by the Green Party candidate, Jill Stein, is unrelated to the revelations that Russia hacked the Democratic National Committee and Mr. Podesta’s emails. • It is impossible to say for sure. Because the email leaks unfolded over weeks, and concurrently with many other election dramas, polls cannot easily isolate the impact of the leaks. • Mr. Trump won three crucial Midwestern states by very small margins. So even if the leaks swung only a small percentage of votes, that could have been enough to change the election outcome. • But this same logic applies to dozens of factors, including the F. B. I. ’s   investigations related to Mrs. Clinton’s private email server. Political scientists have demonstrated that even changes in weather and the performance of sports teams can alter how people vote. • All available evidence suggests that voters freely selected Mr. Trump on Election Day in sufficient numbers for him to win the presidency under the Electoral College system. But that does not diminish the seriousness of Russia’s intervention in the election, which appears to be unprecedented. • The C. I. A. ’s assessment is not public, but is thought to turn on another alleged hack. Russia also hacked data from the Republican National Committee but declined to release whatever it found, intelligence agencies told Congress. That has given credence to theories that Moscow actively favored the party’s candidate. • Mr. Trump has repeatedly promised to realign the United States with Russia and has praised its president, Vladimir V. Putin. Many in Moscow view Mrs. Clinton as hostile to Russia. • The evidence in any assessment of Russian government motives is circumstantial, and not all American intelligence agencies share the C. I. A. ’s view. • The timing suggests that, if Moscow decided to help Mr. Trump, it did so only after hacking the servers of both parties’ national committees. Both were infiltrated well before Mr. Trump’s rise. • Mr. Trump, at a July news conference, publicly urged Russia to hack Mrs. Clinton’s emails. But this could not have precipitated or encouraged the Russian hacks  —   they had taken place months earlier. • Russian state media outlets have favored Mr. Trump and opposed Mrs. Clinton, but their reach in the United States is limited. (Their influence in Europe is much stronger.) • A firm called PropOrNot claimed that the Russian government had flooded American social media with fake election news. But several independent analysts challenged the report’s methodology, which classified mainstream sites as Russian propaganda and did not demonstrate a link to Moscow. • Fake news is a growing problem, at times driven by companies in Eastern Europe that write and spread the articles. But those companies appear to be motivated by   rather than any political agenda. • There are two schools of thought: first, that Russia sought to weaken the United States by stirring up uncertainty and miring Mrs. Clinton, who seemed all but certain to win, in scandal and second, that Russia sought specifically to elevate Mr. Trump to the presidency. • Those theories are not mutually exclusive. For instance, Moscow may have started with the first goal and then added the second as a   bonus. • Russia is waging similar campaigns across Europe, at times through cyberattacks and selective leaks, with the apparent goal of undermining Western unity. • The Kremlin sees itself as under siege by a hostile West that it perceives as bent on Russia’s destruction. Russian military leaders advocate shadowy “new generation warfare”  —   through propaganda and cyberattacks, for example  —   to destabilize adversaries from within. • Not all misconceptions are directed by Moscow, however. Social media rumors that overstate Russia’s involvement in the United States election risk playing into Moscow’s goal of undermining Americans’ faith in the legitimacy and integrity of their democracy.",0
11042,"W.H.O. Seeks to Classify ’Gaming Disorder’ as a Mental Illness, Claims ’Enormous’ Stakeholder Pressure - Breitbart","Multiple experts are calling into question the validity of the World Health Organization’s proposed revisions classifying gaming behaviors as a mental disorder. [The International Classification of Diseases, published by the World Health Organization, would define “Gaming Disorder” as a “persistent or recurrent gaming behaviour (i. e. ‘digital gaming’ or ‘ ’) characterised by an impaired control over gaming, increasing priority given to gaming over other activities to the extent that gaming takes precedence over other interests and daily activities and continuation of gaming despite the occurrence of negative consequences. ” In other words, a lack of   regarding video games is being legitimized as a specific mental illness.  This isn’t anything new. According to comment provided to Breitbart Tech by Dr. Christopher J. Ferguson of the Department of Psychology at Stetson University, “scholars have been investigating the concept of ‘video game addiction’ for probably over 2 decades now. ” Despite all efforts, Dr. Ferguson points out that we still lack “any real clarity” about “how to define the concept, assess it, or whether it even is a ‘real’ thing in the sense of it being unique to video games. ” But that hasn’t stopped anyone from trying. According to Dr. Ferguson: Despite [the lack of clarity] we’ve seen some pushes to institutionalize video game addiction as “internet gaming disorder” in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual (published by the American Psychiatric Association) and, now as “gaming disorder” in the International [Classification] of Diseases (published by the World Health Organization.) The concerns among some scholars are manifest.  It’s not clear why video games are being singled out as compared to many other behaviors that can become addictive (sex, food, work, exercise, etc.) That’s why Ferguson and a number of his colleagues have published an open letter to the WHO regarding this classification: Concerns about problematic gaming behaviors deserve our full attention. However, we claim that it is far from clear that these problems can or should be attributed to a new disorder. The empirical basis for a Gaming Disorder proposal, such as in the new   suffers from fundamental issues. Our main concerns are the low quality of the research base, the fact that the current operationalization leans too heavily on substance use and gambling criteria, and the lack of consensus on symptomatology and assessment of problematic gaming. And this isn’t a simple matter of semantics. The ramifications of haphazardly diagnosing people with a mental illness are enormous: The act of formalizing this disorder, even as a proposal, has negative medical, scientific,   societal, and human rights fallout that should be considered. Of particular concern are moral panics around the harm of video gaming. They might result in premature application of diagnosis in the medical community and the treatment of abundant   cases, especially for children and adolescents. Second, research will be locked into a confirmatory approach, rather than an exploration of the boundaries of normal versus pathological. Third, the healthy majority of gamers will be affected negatively. In addition to public panic, premature diagnoses, and the tendency to approach further study with the assumption that the disorder is real  —   the bias of the aforementioned “confirmatory approach”  —   there are even more serious issues at hand. First, that “the premature inclusion of Gaming Disorder as a diagnosis in   will cause significant stigma to the millions of children who play video games as a part of a normal, healthy life. ” The most serious implications of this study, Dr. Ferguson points out, are that the classification could very easily “end up as an excuse to put some kids in harsh ‘treatment’ camps or perhaps be used as an excuse for media ” especially in “  countries. ” That conclusion might be seen as mere conjecture if not for correspondence between Dr. Ferguson and Drs. Geoffrey Reed and Vladimir Poznyak, both involved in the drafting of   specifically noting “enormous pressure, especially from Asian countries” and “strong request from [WHO] stakeholders” to include this definition of Gaming Disorder.  Drs. Reed and Poznyak did not immediately respond to a request for comment from Breitbart Tech. The classification could have negative effects across the world, especially where labels of mental illness could rob someone of their rights. Imagine if having Angry Birds installed on your smartphone was enough of an excuse to mandate attendance at a “treatment camp,” and you’re starting to get an idea of how this could go very wrong, very quickly. But even aside from all of that, Dr. Ferguson argues the science just doesn’t back up the WHO’s conclusion: Many of the “symptoms” proposed (particularly for the DSM version) are kind of normal stuff that many studies suggest aren’t really good predictors of problems. There’s also data suggesting the whole concept of “video game addiction” isn’t really stable and tends to go away by itself over time without treatment. The concern lies in the history of using classifications of mental illness as a weapon against groups and individuals by countries’ governments. Over 6, 000 people in China  —   most of them teenagers  —   have been treated with actual electroshock therapy just because they were thought to have used the Internet too much. China also has a long history of committing whistleblowers and other dissidents to psychiatric “care” for the crime of disagreement. The subject is extensively covered in the 2002 book Dangerous Minds: Political Psychiatry in China Today and Its Origins in the Mao Era, published by Human Rights Watch. Richard J. Bonnie’s paper “Political Abuse of Psychiatry in the Soviet Union and in China: Complexities and Controversies,” published in The Journal of the American Academy of Psychiatry and the Law in 2002, also paints a picture of just how convenient it can be for the powerful to leverage psychological diagnoses in order to silence those who disagree. He explains that such practices are “uniformly understood to be a particularly pernicious form of repression,” citing examples in which “psychatric diagnosis was essentially an exercise of social power. ” By way of example, Bonnie explains: Under applicable laws of Russia and the other former Soviet Republics, a person charged with a crime could be subjected to “custodial measures of a medical nature” if the criminal act was proved and the person was found “nonimputable” due to mental illness. 7 Nonimputable offenders could be placed in maximum security hospitals (the notorious “special hospitals”) or in ordinary hospitals, depending on their social dangerousness. All the persons interviewed by the delegation had been found nonimputable and socially dangerous and confined in special hospitals after criminal proceedings that deviated substantially from the general requirements specified in Soviet law. Typically, the patients reported that they had been arrested, taken to jail, taken to a hospital for forensic examination, and then taken to another hospital under a compulsory treatment order, without ever seeing an attorney or appearing incourt. The delegation found that there was no clinical basis for the judicial finding of nonimputability in 17 of these cases. In fact, the delegation found no evidence of mental disorder of any kind in 14 cases. It is likely that these individuals are representative of many hundreds of others who were found nonimputable for crimes of political or religious dissent inthe Soviet Union, mainly between 1970 and 1990. And with regard to China: Munro’s research indicates, convincingly in my view, that the Soviet system of forensic psychiatry was transplanted to China during the 1950s and 1960s, thereby placing a small subset of psychiatrists at the intersection of criminal prosecution and psychiatric confinement, and importing a smoothly oiled process by which psychiatrists found that most offenders referred for assessment lacked criminal responsibility and committed them for treatment without any adjudication or judicial oversight. Eventually, in the 1980s, China also established a system of   forensic hospitals (Ankang) modeled after the Soviet “special hospitals,” for confining offenders who present a “social danger. ” But lest you think that more open societies are immune to this insidious form of manipulation, consider our own messy history of psychiatric abuse. In 2010, a police officer was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for attempting to reveal what he said was the truth about falsified crime rate statistics. He was eventually paid $600, 000 in a settlement by the City of New York after filing a $50 million human rights violation suit. Our foster care system stuffs victimized children full of psychotropic drugs in a thinly veiled attempted to make them easier to handle. Schizophrenia was allegedly used to deliberately hamper the rise of civil rights. Barry Goldwater was publicly crucified for his conservative views by a team of psychiatrists who disagreed with him politically the Goldwater Rule still exists because attacking someone’s mental fitness is such a potent weapon. In supporting diagnoses that are nebulous and unproven, the World Health Organization is giving its tacit approval of an arguably unscientific diagnosis with endless potential for abuse around the world. At best, it could be an easy platform upon which to medicate individuals instead of identifying actual behavioral issues. At worst, it could be one more tool  —   easily applied to just about any connected citizen  —   for silencing the inconvenient. Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter.",0
11043,Suspect Is Killed in Attack at Ohio State University That Injured 11 - The New York Times,"A student at Ohio State University intentionally rammed a car into pedestrians on a busy campus sidewalk on Monday morning and then began slashing   with a butcher knife, the authorities said, injuring 11 students and faculty and staff members, and setting off panic at one of the nation’s largest public universities. A university police officer fatally shot the suspect within about a minute of the attack, but the sprawling campus in Columbus, Ohio, remained on lockdown for about an hour and a half as people ran for cover and barricaded themselves in academic buildings and dorms. Investigators were looking into whether the attack was an act of terrorism and were seeking information on the student, Abdul Artan, a permanent United States resident from Somalia who was studying logistics management at Ohio State. The F. B. I. was investigating comments on Facebook indicating that he may have felt Muslims were being persecuted, an investigator said. Last summer the student newspaper, The Lantern, published an interview with Mr. Artan in which he complained about being afraid to pray in public as a Muslim, because of people’s negative perceptions of the religion. “I was kind of scared with everything going on in the media. I’m a Muslim, it’s not what media portrays me to be,” he told the newspaper. “If people look at me, a Muslim praying, I don’t know what they’re going to think, what’s going to happen. But I don’t blame them. It’s the media that put that picture in their heads. ” The attack began at 9:50 a. m. Monday, when “this car suddenly appeared on the sidewalk,” said Angshuman Kapil, a graduate student. “It was in high speed, and it just hit whoever came in front of him. ” The car stopped only when it rammed a concrete block, he said. The driver leapt out, the authorities said, and began attacking people with a knife. A campus police officer, Alan Horujko, 28, shot Mr. Artan after he failed to follow orders to drop his weapon, and officials credited the officer with helping to save lives. All of the wounded were expected to survive, university officials said. Six people were hit by the car, and five had stab wounds or lacerations, doctors said. They were being treated at three hospitals. No evidence has emerged that Mr. Artan had any connection or allegiance to radical ideology. Though no terrorist group had claimed responsibility for the attack, the Islamic State was updating its online audiences on the rampage on Monday. Both the   and the knife attacks are now established forms of aggression inspired by the Islamic State. An attacker in Nice, France, used a delivery truck to kill dozens of pedestrians in July, and chats between an attacker in Würzburg, Germany, and his Islamic State handler indicate he was initially told to use a car to carry out his assault that same month, before he settled on using an ax because he did not have a driving permit. The authorities in Ohio said that it was too soon to know what had motivated Mr. Artan, but that it was clear the attack had been deliberate. Mr. Artan’s Columbus home was surrounded by squad cars, crime scene tape and a bomb squad truck on Monday afternoon, and police officials said they were waiting for a search warrant. “This was done on purpose,” said Chief Craig Stone of the Ohio State University police. “To go over the curb and strike pedestrians and then get out and start striking with the knife  —   that was on purpose. ” The attack, initially reported as an “active shooter” by the university, stunned students who were returning to class after Thanksgiving break, leading to a      warning and an admonition from campus officials to “Run Hide Fight. ” Haylee Gardiner, a sophomore, said she was on her way to a chemistry lab when the attack occurred. “I saw a bunch of people running, and when they were running, they were screaming and yelling,” said Ms. Gardiner, who scrambled to a residence hall for shelter. “And then all of a sudden, I heard four or five gunshots. ” Sean Cody, 23, from Akron, Ohio, was running late for his philosophy class, and after hearing a loud boom, he sprinted into a building to alert fellow students. “Then there was a bang, a dust cloud, then shouting and screaming, and people just booking it in every direction,” Mr. Cody said. “Then, 30 seconds, a minute later, there were gunshots. ” During the chaos, students huddled in locked rooms, and some took to Twitter, posting photos from inside barricaded classrooms. Ohio State administrators released little information about Mr. Artan, and parts of his background remained unclear. He was admitted to the United States in June 2014 as the child of a refugee, federal officials said, and was believed to be in his late teens or early 20s. He graduated cum laude from Columbus State Community College with an associate of arts degree, officials there said. He was on the Columbus State dean’s list in 2015. Officer Horujko, who joined the university police last year, had also been profiled in The Lantern. An Ohio native and a graduate of the university, he said he had decided to be an officer after working in campus safety as a student. As Ohio State officials took stock of the attack and made plans for classes to resume on Tuesday, they said they were thankful the injuries were not more severe and were optimistic that students would come together even if investigators discovered a link to terrorism. “Our campus community is extremely tolerant,” Michael V. Drake, the university president, said in an interview. “The concept of branding a whole community for the act of a few leads to an intolerance that can make the world a more difficult place for all of us. ” The episode was reported near Watts Hall, a building at the heart of the campus that houses materials science and engineering programs. Heavily armed SWAT teams swarmed the campus, and at one point could be seen making their way up a stairwell of a nearby parking garage. Monday’s violence followed a machete attack in February at a Mediterranean restaurant in Columbus, which also ended with the police killing the suspect. The restaurant’s owner told reporters that he believed he had been targeted because of his Israeli heritage. The attack on Monday was the latest   episode over the last decade on an American college campus. Shootings at Virginia Tech, Northern Illinois University and Oikos University in California, among others, have led colleges nationwide to plan how to respond to an attack. Monday’s instruction to “Run Hide Fight” came from a training program used by Ohio State and other groups for reacting to active shootings. “We prepare for situations like this,” Dr. Drake said, “but always hope never to have one. ” Muslim leaders in Ohio praised the police for their response and urged the public not to make assumptions about the attacker’s motives. “We as yet know nothing about the motivation of the attacker, but we do know of his Somali heritage, and that will be enough for some people to falsely link this tragic incident to the faith of Islam and to the Somali and Muslim communities,” said Roula Allouch, national board chairwoman of the Council on   Relations. “We must not jump to conclusions. It is important to let the investigators do their jobs. ” Gov. John Kasich also praised the police response, saying it showed “how much practice, how much training, how much expertise, how much coordination” existed among local law enforcement agencies. “We are a strong, tough, resilient community,” he said. Mayor Andrew Ginther of Columbus said that Monday was “one of those days you’re grateful for good training and great people across the board,” and urged unity in the days ahead.",0
11044,FLASHBACK: Pelosi Once Called Town Hall Disruptions ‘Un-American’ — Now They Honor ‘Vision of Our Founders’ - Breitbart,"The GOP website is contrasting House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi’s ( .) flip flop on what she thinks of Americans disrupting town hall events hosted by members of Congress  —   from “ ” to honoring “our founders. ”[At a press conference on Feb. 27 with Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( . Y.) Pelosi said that those disrupting town halls to protest President Donald Trump and Trump’s original immigration order putting a temporary halt to immigrants coming to the U. S. from seven   countries were praiseworthy.  “The women, men, and children who poured into the streets for the Women’s March, those who turned out at airports shortly thereafter, and town halls in the weeks since, they honor the vision of our founders,” Pelosi said. “The American people are mobilizing,” Pelosi said. “As long as Republicans continue down this destructive and radical path, the public resistance will only increase. “As President Lincoln said, public sentiment is everything,” Pelosi said. “With it you can do almost anything, without it, almost nothing. ” But in 2009,   Speaker Pelosi and   Leader Steny Hoyer ( .) penned a letter in USA Today saying that those protesting Obamacare at town halls were “ . ” “These disruptions are occurring because opponents are afraid not just of differing views  —   but of the facts themselves,” Pelosi and Hoyer wrote. “Drowning out opposing views is simply  . “Drowning out the facts is how we failed at this task for decades,” they wrote.",0
11045,"Nintendo’s New Console May Feed Your Nostalgia, if You Can Get One - The New York Times","When she heard that Nintendo was planning to reproduce its iconic Nintendo Entertainment System video game console for the holiday season, Emily Bradbury put a note on her calendar and set an alarm on her phone. She was not interested in buying it for her children. She wanted it for her husband. “He’s 40 years old and grew up with a Nintendo,” Ms. Bradbury said. “It’s a nostalgia thing. ” Since its release on Nov. 11, the NES Classic Edition, a smaller version of the original console introduced to North America in 1985, has become one of the hottest gift items of the year. It has struck a chord especially among older millennials and younger members of Generation X, who may have found in it a video game system to share with their children  —   if they don’t just keep it for themselves. It retails for $60, with one original controller, and comes preloaded with 30 classic games, including Super Mario Bros. Donkey Kong, The Legend of Zelda and Tecmo Bowl. But this trip down memory lane has not been without headaches. Nintendo has been sluggish in responding to the demand, resulting in huge markups on the secondary market, including on sites like eBay, where the consoles were being resold for as much as $390. Those higher prices are sure to stand out even more on Monday, when many other brands and retailers cut prices for Cyber Monday, the online version of Black Friday. On the release date, most retailers, including Amazon and GameStop, sold out almost immediately. (  had sold out over the summer.) Walmart kept a very limited supply in stock that it trickled out in online flash sales over the last two weeks. The consoles sold out within two minutes each time. Heeding her calendar warnings and alarms, Ms. Bradbury tried to order the NES online through Amazon and Walmart but could not act quickly enough. She even enlisted friends to visit nearby Target and Best Buy stores in Wichita, Kan. the closest big city to her home. But they, too, returned  . “I thought it would be a bunch of us   people going after it, but it won’t be much of a big deal,” said Ms. Bradbury, the member services director for the Kansas Press Association, a trade organization for Kansas newspapers. “I was shocked. ” But Michael Pachter, a Wedbush Securities analyst, said he was not surprised by the intense demand or the low supply, which he considered an intentional move by Nintendo to garner attention, knowing that it could restock before the holiday shopping season was over. “The Classic is sold out for three reasons: It’s nostalgic, it’s cheap and Nintendo clearly didn’t ship enough of them,” Mr. Pachter said in an email, adding: “There is plenty of time to stock the channel. They may miss Black Friday, but they won’t miss Xmas. ” In a statement, Nintendo said that it was “working hard to keep up with consumer demand. ” “There will be a steady flow of additional systems through the holiday shopping season and into the new year,” the statement read. The company declined to comment further. David Cole, the chief executive of DFC Intelligence, a market research firm, said there was a lot riding on Nintendo’s ability to satisfy demand in the next few weeks. The company is introducing a new product, Nintendo Switch, in 2017, which it hopes will make up for its lagging sales of the Wii U and its late entry into mobile gaming. Pokémon Go, which was released over the summer and is partially owned by Nintendo, was the company’s first major effort in mobile gaming, and it was a sensation. Mr. Cole said buyers were pursuing the NES Classic Edition mostly for nostalgia, but he thought the console could potentially make older customers interested in future Nintendo products. “They had really lost their brand identity the past two years,” Mr. Cole said. “This was the kind of thing that was perfect for bringing that back. ” But such a plan will work, Mr. Cole added, only if Nintendo manages to restock before the holidays are over. “If they don’t, they really miss out on an opportunity,” he said. “That demand might not carry over into 2017. ” Jim Silver, editor of TTPM, a toy review website, says that nostalgic items have been big this year, and that retailers are recognizing that many of the children who grew up in the 1980s are starting families of their own. He noted that Stretch Armstrong figurines, and Strawberry Shortcake and Teddy Ruxpin dolls have all begun making comebacks. The NES is no different. “This is not    saying, ‘I need to have Zelda,’” Mr. Silver said. “This is adults saying, ‘These were my favorite games. I get to play them again. ’” But shopping for a hot holiday item, even online, is hardly simple today. And those who have managed to acquire the new NES at the retail price seem to have benefited from extensive planning, research and luck  —   even strategizing since July, when Nintendo announced its plans to release the NES. Michael Salazar, from Sacramento, Calif. managed to place a request to   a console on July 22 through Amazon’s British website. When it arrived last week, shipped directly from Edinburgh, Mr. Salazar was elated. He then used a secondary site, which tracks inventory at Target stores, to monitor whether any consoles had arrived locally. When he saw that a nearby Target had received three, he rushed there at 7:30 a. m. on a Sunday to buy one as a present for his   . Now, he is looking for a third to give as a gift. “I’m 38 that’s my childhood,” Mr. Salazar said. “Nintendo was always a very important piece of my life. ” Amanda Schluer, of Rocklin, Calif. had the foresight in July to set an alert on Amazon for one minute before the release date. Then she watched the seconds tick down. “I’ve sat and waited for Garth Brooks tickets the same way,” Ms. Schluer said. “Just wait until the second they go on sale and push the button. ” By acting quickly, Ms. Schluer, 38, managed to buy a console. She and her husband even took their NES to Los Angeles to play with family over Thanksgiving. “We have a Wii, and my kids never play it,” said Ms. Schluer of her two daughters, ages 6 and 10. “That’s the good thing about the old retro games,” Ms. Schluer added. “They are fun, they’re   and it’s something we can all play together. ”",0
11046,Queen Elizabeth Misses Christmas Service Because of ‘Heavy Cold’ - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   For the first time in nearly 30 years, Queen Elizabeth II failed to attend a Christmas Day church service near her English country estate because of what Buckingham Palace described as a persistent cold. In a statement, Buckingham Palace said on Sunday that the    queen “continues to recover from a heavy cold and will stay indoors to assist with her recovery. ” The queen, who had already been forced to change her travel plans for the holiday period because of the illness, planned to “participate in the royal family Christmas celebrations during the day,” according to the statement. The queen and her husband, Prince Philip, 95, were scheduled to travel on Wednesday by train to their Sandringham estate in Norfolk, near England’s eastern coast. Their poor health pushed back the journey by a day, and they made the trip by helicopter. Prince Philip, who had also been ill last week, was well enough to attend the service. He was accompanied by members of the royal family, including Prince Charles, the heir to the throne. The British monarch is particularly visible during the holidays, and Buckingham Palace said that the queen had attended church services at Sandringham on Christmas Day since 1988, when the royal family began celebrating the holiday there. Her annual Christmas Day speech, which was prerecorded, was broadcast as usual.",0
11047,Ivanka Trump’s Presence at Meeting With Japan’s Leader Raises Questions - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The potential for conflicts of interest between   Donald J. Trump and his family’s business ventures emerged again Thursday evening, when a photograph was distributed that showed his daughter Ivanka at a meeting between Mr. Trump and the prime minister of Japan. News reporters were not allowed to attend the session, Mr. Trump’s first with a foreign head of government, and no summary was provided about what was discussed. A separate photograph was distributed  —   press photographers were not allowed to cover the event  —   showing that Jared Kushner, Ms. Trump’s husband, was present for at least part of the gathering. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan said after the meeting that he had a “very candid discussion” with Mr. Trump. He did not discuss who else attended the gathering or elaborate on the topics discussed. Ms. Trump will be among the members of the  ’s family who will be placed in charge of Mr. Trump’s business enterprises, which include an international chain of hotels with operations in Latin America, Europe and North America. She serves as vice president for development and acquisitions at the Trump Organization, and the company’s website says one of her “primary focuses has been to bring the Trump Hotel brand to global markets. ” She also owns a jewelry business, Ivanka Trump Fine Jewelry, with the Trump Organization describing her as “one of the most recognized and influential young businesswomen today. ” After Mr. Trump’s transition office was asked by The New York Times about allowing Ms. Trump to attend the meeting with the Japanese prime minister, an individual close to the family, who said she did not have authorization to provide her name, hinted that Ms. Trump would not be attending meetings like this in the future. “Mr. Trump has always encouraged Ivanka and his children to attend meetings with him,” the person close to the family said. “This meeting in question was very informal. However, they obviously need to adjust to the new realities at hand, which they will. ” This week, Ms. Trump’s jewelry company sent out a notice to reporters with a photograph of her wearing a $10, 800 gold bangle bracelet that she had worn during an interview her family did with “60 Minutes,” trying to use the appearance as an opportunity to sell more items. “Please find attached a style alert of Ivanka wearing her favorite bangle from the Metropolis Collection over the weekend on 60 Minutes,” Monica Marder, the vice president for sales at Ivanka Trump Fine Jewelry, said in the email. Abigail Klem, the president of Ivanka Trump Fine Jewelry, apologized for the promotion of Ms. Trump’s bracelet after the “60 Minutes” interview, attributing it to “a   marketing employee. ” Ms. Klem added, “We are proactively discussing new policies and procedures with all of our partners going forward. ” Ms. Trump’s presence also disturbed some current and former State Department officials, including Moira Whelan, who left the department in July after serving as a deputy assistant secretary of state for public affairs. Anyone present for such a conversation between two heads of state should, at a minimum, have security clearance, Ms. Whelan said, and should also be an expert in Japanese affairs. “Meeting of two heads of state is never an informal occurrence,” Ms. Whelan said. “Even a casual mention or a nod of agreement or an assertion left unchallenged can be interpreted in different ways. ” Danielle Brian of the Project on Government Oversight said that regardless of what was discussed at the meeting, it was inappropriate for Ms. Trump to be present at a private meeting among such a small group of people given that she is an executive at a corporation involved in international business development. These early episodes demonstrate, Ms. Brian said, why Mr. Trump must put his assets into a blind trust, in which an independent party manages them, instead of turning them over to his children to manage, as Mr. Trump has proposed. “You can’t have people with financial conflicts of interest mixing with White House business,” Ms. Brian said. The Wall Street Journal, in an editorial on Friday, went so far as to urge Mr. Trump to sell off all his hotels, golf courses and other assets, and then take that cash and turn it over to a blind trust, as that would be the only way to avoid all possible conflicts.",0
11048,US Claims Four Arms Ships From Iran to Yemen Caught in Past 18 Months,"Share This 
Vice Admiral Kevin Donegan today claimed the US and other members of the Saudi-led naval blockade of Yemen had captured four ships with arms which they are claiming both came from Iran and were bound for Yemen, where they would’ve delivered the weapons to the Houthi movement. 
The vice admiral claimed the US “knows” both where the ships came from and where they were going because they interviewed the crews of the captured ships. Only one of the four putative weapons ships was validated by the United Nations as being an actual smuggling attempt. 
Donegan went on to claim that he believes Iran is “connected in some way” to recent incidents of missiles fired at a US ship off the Yemeni coast, though the Pentagon conceded one of those incidents likely never happened, and he offered no evidence of Iranian involvement in anything else. 
The allegations were likely made by way of justifying US attacks on the Yemeni coast, as well as justifying Saudi Arabia’s ongoing naval blockade of Yemen, which Saudi Arabia recently denied is happening.  ",0
11049,"FLYNN: When You Leave Your Pint at the Bar, the Terrorists Win - Breitbart","The photograph of a Saturday night reveler calmly fleeing the London attacks armed with a   glass of beer he refused to leave at the pub shows that though the attackers and their victims lived in the same city they inhabited different planets. Englishmen are from bars, terrorists are from Kandahar. [The Muslims who murdered seven and injured several dozen Saturday night want women to wear masks, men to stop drinking alcohol, and everyone to drop into half tortoise five times a day. No thanks!  One imagines that the weak pull of such a joyless existence encourages fanatics to resort to strong measures of the type witnessed on London Bridge and around Borough Market. When at first you can’t convert, kill, kill again. Perhaps we should give praise to Allah that instead of using 757s as instruments of death his votaries now rely on the vehicle favored by Scooby Doo, Matt Foley, and Postman Pat. This represents regression, or progress —  depending upon your perspective. The perspective of so many in the West remains jaundiced. London electing a Muslim as its mayor last year and bestowing the name Muhammad —  not Nigel, Simon, or Oliver —  on more of its baby boys than any other strangely represents diversity rather than deterioration. Even the dimmest patron at the Globe Theatre would recognize this in a play as foreshadowing of disaster. But in real life we pretend to imagine the slow conquest of Europe as a multiculturalist dream rather than Charles Martel’s nightmare. Speaking of the mayor, Sadiq Khan announced in the wake of the attacks: “We don’t yet know the full details, but this was a deliberate and cowardly attack on innocent Londoners and visitors. ” What “full details” don’t we know? Khan seems confused about the religious motivation serving as the alpha and omega of the attacks. Perhaps “we don’t know yet” that the murderous trio remained CofE congregants in good standing until the moment of their deaths, but evidence indicates that they shared the same faith as Khan. But Khan, who does not yet know “the full details,” refrains from saying “Islam,” or “Muslim,” or “Allah,” in any of his public statements. The attackers proved more forthcoming. They redundantly shouted “This is for Allah!” as they killed people as though their victims might harbor confusion regarding their motives. Did anybody on London Bridge think their attackers militant Hawkwind fans or exclaim, “Oh, no! Anglican zealots again”? We may never know the “full details” about anything but regarding this thing we know that Muslim extremists murdered people. Why does London’s mayor mute this? The nihilism in responding to such intolerance with the empty mantras of “diversity,” “inclusivity,” and “multiculturalism” misses something obvious and disturbing and obviously disturbing. Outraged Muhammadans did not seize upon some hooligans with cockney accents mucking up the streets of Mecca. They killed Englishmen for behaving as Englishmen in England, a country, in case newcomers misunderstood its traditions, that features a cross on its flag and whose head of state refers to herself as the “defender of the faith. ” And what is London if not the antonym of Mecca? London screams the Ministry of Silly Walks, Page 3 Girls, Bertie Wooster, technicolor Carnaby Street, a ridiculous giant Ferris wheel, and The Beatles blaring Sgt. Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band from the windows at Mama Cass’s Chelsea flat at 6 a. m. The extremists scream against all that. The proper response does not come in kind but involves an unhurried,   imbibing of a pint, in the pub or in public, in the face of whatever disaster envelops. When you leave your beer at the bar, the terrorists win.",0
11050,Samsung Halts Galaxy Note 7 Production as Battery Problems Linger - The New York Times,"In 1995, furious over quality problems with one of his company’s mobile phones, Lee   the chairman of Samsung and arguably the most famous businessman in South Korea, set a pile of 150, 000 defective phones on fire outside a factory. The phone bonfire became a turning point for Samsung’s   rise from an electronics maker associated with inexpensive knockoffs to one considered a leader in product quality, design and sales. But to the company’s critics, that employee motivational moment has also served as a wry historical foreshadowing of safety problems with one of Samsung’s   smartphones. The company has temporarily halted production of its Galaxy Note 7, a   answer to the latest iPhones from Apple, a person familiar with the decision said on Monday. In a statement, the company also asked retailers and telecommunication carriers to stop selling the phones until the problem is fixed, and said “consumers with either an original Galaxy Note 7 or replacement Galaxy Note 7 device should power down and stop using the device. ” The phone has been blamed for at least one house fire, a burning Jeep and several alarming moments on planes when the devices started smoking  . The Federal Aviation Administration is so concerned that airline passengers are routinely warned that they should not turn on or charge the Galaxy Note 7 during a flight or stow the phone in checked baggage. Southwest Airlines, which had to evacuate a plane on Wednesday after a Samsung phone caught fire, said the details of the incident are still being investigated. The decision to stop selling the Galaxy Note 7 comes just five weeks after Samsung said it would recall 2. 5 million of them  —   the largest ever in the smartphone industry  —   after early reports of battery fires. Samsung had said it believed it had identified the issue, and allowed consumers to trade in their phones for new ones. But production was halted after the four major United States carriers said they would stop selling or replacing Galaxy Note 7 smartphones because of additional reports of fires, including with the replacement models. Three of Australia’s biggest telecom companies  —   Telstra, Optus and Vodafone Australia  —   said they had stopped shipping Galaxy Note 7 phones to customers after reports that the replacement model had caught fire in the United States. The company said it hoped to provide an update within a month. The federal Consumer Product Safety Commission praised Samsung’s move and urged consumers to stop using the phone. The missteps by Samsung, the world’s top seller of smartphones, have given a rare opportunity to competitors like Apple to close the gap with the South Korean giant as the holiday shopping season approaches. “We believe this incident has destroyed billions of dollars of Samsung brand value,” said Laura Martin, a technology analyst with Needham  Company. “The consumer says, ‘Which one blows up? I’m just going to stay away from Samsung. ’” The Galaxy Note 7 featured a   battery to help its increasingly sophisticated features, like an iris scanner for added security. It also supported fast wireless charging technologies. It was the most expensive phone offered by Samsung, putting it in direct competition with Apple’s iPhone. “Definitely, Apple is the biggest beneficiary” of Samsung’s problems, said Linda Sui, a director at research firm Strategy Analytics. What’s more, Google, the company whose Android software runs on nearly all of Samsung’s smartphones, is now pushing harder to sell its own phones. Last week, Google unveiled the Pixel  —   the first smartphone that it designed and manufactured. At the same time, aggressive smartphone manufacturers like Huawei and Xiaomi are looking for ways to expand beyond their footholds in China to compete with Samsung all over the world. It is difficult to say what the impact of the phone problems will be on the company’s overall sales. Before the recall, the research firm Strategy Analytics had estimated that Samsung would sell 15 million Note 7 units in 2016. But now, the firm is estimating that Samsung, with about $180 billion in annual revenue, could lose more than $10 billion from the ongoing troubles. Samsung’s reputation is already taking a big hit online, according to an analysis by Spredfast, a social media marketing firm that helps businesses analyze chatter on Twitter and other social networks. Since the Note 7’s problems began to receive widespread attention, negative Twitter messages about the device rose 450 percent compared to the previous five and a half weeks, the company said. “While this is itself a huge problem for Samsung, we also found a steep 186 percent rise in negative sentiment about Samsung itself,” Chris Kerns, Spredfast’s vice president of research and insights said in a statement. “Digging deeper, it’s clear that this is not just an isolated issue with one product, but is, in fact, a   brand crisis. ” Like many Asian companies, Samsung struggled for years to establish a strong reputation in the West. Shortly after Apple introduced the iPhone, Samsung went headlong into the smartphone market. Samsung had been gaining some ground in   smartphones with its latest Galaxy S phones, which have curved edges and offer a premium feel over the company’s budget phones. When it released the Galaxy Note 7 in August  —   with its 5.  screen and a price tag exceeding $800  —   it was supposed to add to that momentum. The recurring problem has led industry experts to wonder whether the problem went beyond sloppy production and resulted from a faulty battery or software design. Technology companies are hardly immune to manufacturing issues. In 1994, Intel was forced to recall its flagship Pentium chip because of a mathematical mistake built into it. Dell recalled more than 4 million laptop computers in 2006 because of exploding lithium ion batteries produced by Sony. And companies like Fitibit and Microsoft have had manufacturing problems over the years. Companies with strong brands can withstand product quality problems. Over a   span starting in 2009, Toyota recalled about 9 million cars because of issues related to sudden, unintended acceleration. Its chief executive appeared before Congress, and Toyota paid a $1. 2 billion fine to the Justice Department for concealing information about defects from consumers and government officials. In 2015, Toyota was the world’s largest automaker. Samsung is counting on customers like Justin Brooke of Cooper City, Fla. whose family owns three Note 7 phones as well as Samsung televisions and tablets, to stay loyal to the brand. Mr. Brooke said he thinks the fire risk has been overblown. He loves the Note 7’s big screen and pen feature, which he uses to critique websites for his advertising training business, DMBI Online. “For me as a business owner, it’s the most productive phone on the market,” he said. Still, he admitted to some apprehension. He said his family never charges the batteries on their phones to 100 percent to reduce the risk of overheating. “Maybe we’re in denial,” he said. He said his father asked him for a phone recommendation on Sunday night, and he recommended another Samsung model, the S7, which has not been implicated in the fires, or a Google Pixel phone.",0
11051,Yale Will Drop John Calhoun’s Name From Building - The New York Times,"After a swelling tide of protests, the president of Yale announced on Saturday that the university would change the name of a residential college commemorating John C. Calhoun, the   white supremacist statesman from South Carolina. The college will be renamed for Grace Murray Hopper, a trailblazing computer scientist and Navy rear admiral who received a master’s degree and a doctorate from Yale. The decision was a stark reversal of the university’s decision last spring to maintain the name despite broad opposition. Though the president, Peter Salovey, said that he was still “concerned about erasing history,” he said that “these are exceptional circumstances. ” “I made this decision because I think it is the right thing to do on principle,” Mr. Salovey said on a conference call with reporters. “John C. Calhoun’s principles, his legacy as an ardent supporter of slavery as a positive good, are at odds with this university. ” Mr. Salovey and the other members of the Yale Corporation, the university’s governing body, made their decision after an advisory committee unanimously recommended the renaming. The school is still determining when exactly the change will be carried out, but Mr. Salovey said it would be by fall at the latest. Students reacted with joy to a change many said was long overdue. “There’s a huge sense of relief and celebration,” said Rianna   21, a senior from Ann Arbor, Mich. who was involved in the protests. “Students of color have been fighting for this change for decades and it’s hard to believe this day is finally here. ” Online, some students found inspiration in a quotation from Ms. Hopper, who died in 1992. “Humans are allergic to change,” she once said. “They love to say, ‘We’ve always done it this way.’ I try to fight that. ” Calhoun, the nation’s seventh vice president, attended Yale and was its valedictorian. The name of the college incited controversy almost as soon as it opened in 1933. Many black students staged demonstrations and referred to the college, which was decorated with depictions of slaves carrying bales of cotton, as the “Calhoun Plantation. ” Opposition may have peaked in 2015, after the massacre of nine worshipers at a black church in Charleston. The killings, by an avowed white supremacist, prompted protests that led to the removal of the Confederate battle flag outside the South Carolina Statehouse and elsewhere. Yale was seized that fall by a series of demonstrations from students, faculty and alumni who objected to the Calhoun name, as well as to what they saw as a larger climate of racial inequality on campus. Many universities, domestic and abroad, have faced similar pressure in recent years to eradicate names and symbols of racism and colonialism on campus. That resistance notwithstanding, Mr. Salovey announced last April that Yale would preserve the Calhoun name. At the same time, he revealed that the university’s two new residential colleges would be named for Benjamin Franklin and Anna Pauline Murray. The honoring of Ms. Murray, a legal scholar and civil rights activist who graduated from Yale Law School in 1965, was widely hailed as the first such distinction bestowed on either a woman or an  . But the selection of Franklin, who was once a slaveholder himself, was derided by many students, particularly after it became clear that he was chosen in deference to a suggestion by Charles B. Johnson, a businessman who donated $250 million for the new buildings  —   the largest gift in the school’s history. Addressing a related concern, the school also decided then that the leaders of the residential colleges would no longer use the title “master,” and would instead be called “heads of college,” a recognition of the discomfort many students felt toward the previous honorific’s evocation of slavery. The Calhoun and Franklin decisions reignited protests from student activists, who held a “renaming ceremony” in front of the college in which they called it “the college formerly known as Calhoun. ” At a town   meeting soon after, students showered Mr. Salovey with fake $1 million bills, a protest against what they saw as the university prioritizing its financial interests over their concerns. The dissent did not come only from students. Over the summer, a black dishwasher in Calhoun smashed a stained glass windowpane that depicted slaves working on a plantation, because he said he found the image degrading. And on Friday, four demonstrators protesting the Calhoun name were arrested for blocking the street. Still, despite their delight about the renaming, many students hope that the university will continue to move beyond symbolism to address more pressing issues of racial inequality on campus, like the dearth of black faculty members. During the fall 2015 protests, the university announced that it was committing $50 million to a   initiative to confront the fact that less than 3 percent of its arts and sciences faculty is black. But since that time, several prominent black professors have left the university. About 11 percent of Yale’s roughly 5, 400 undergraduates identify themselves as black or  . “This is definitely a victory, but we’re not done fighting,” Ms.   said. “It’s our job to keep pushing Yale in the right direction. ”",0
11052,Life: 7 Incredible Animal Mating Rituals,"7 Incredible Animal Mating Rituals Posted today Email You know the birds and the bees. What about the rest? Here are seven mating rituals that showcase nature in all its complexity and beauty. 
Orangutans: Orangutans are among a special group of animals with mating rituals based around the lunar cycle, meaning that whenever a full moon is in the sky, male orangutans will climb the tallest tree and try to have sex with the moon, only settling for a female orangutan once they grow tired of stretching their penises outward so they might touch the moon with it. 
Armadillos: In the “Armadillo’s song,” the male armadillo’s penis makes an annoying high-pitched whirring sound until a female armadillo is so annoyed by it that she silences it by having sex with him. 
Alligators: During mating season, male alligators stand upright and walk around on their hind legs and place their arms on their hips and sometimes even ride bikes until a female alligator gets horny from watching them. 
Beavers: The male beaver and female beaver each recite a fun fact about beavers, taking a step closer to one another as they do so. At some point, they get so close that they’re actually mating. 
Elephants: Before having sex, the female elephant will coat her male partner in sticky, boiling hot Pepsi that only comes out of her trunk when she’s “in the mood.” 
Iguanas: When it is time for iguanas to mate, the male iguana climbs on top of a female fox and the female iguana climbs on top of a male fox. The two iguanas ride their foxes straight at each other at full speed, and when the foxes collide with each other, the iguanas are flung forward and collide in midair. As they fly through the air, the male iguana impregnates the female iguana, who sprays eggs in all directions as she hurtles haphazardly toward the sky. When the mating ritual is complete, both iguanas hit the ground and die. 
Bonobos: The male bonobo spends a full year trying to work up the courage to ask for a kiss. If he is rejected or the kiss isn’t that good, he will crawl up a tree and scream at God for giving him such good lips for kissing but no one to share them with.",0
11053,Straightforward Answers to Basic Questions About Syria’s War - The New York Times,"You could be forgiven, after five years of Syria’s war dominating front pages, for feeling lost. It is easy to track the war’s toll: It has killed 400, 000 people, displaced millions, opened space for the Islamic State, and sucked in foreign powers, including the United States. It is harder to keep track of the how and why. The basics can seem even more confusing than the    details. But those basics are crucial to understanding Syria’s war  —   and they are far more complex than they might initially seem. As last week’s truce appears shaky after American planes bombed Syrian troops, here are straightforward answers to some of the fundamental questions about the conflict: an attempt to explain its origins, the broader context and how it relates to the refugee crisis and the rise of the Islamic State. The war makes more sense if you think of it as four overlapping conflicts. The core conflict is between forces loyal to President Bashar   and the rebels who oppose him. Over time, both sides fractured into multiple militias, including local and foreign fighters, but their fundamental disagreement is over whether Mr. Assad’s government should stay in power. This opened a second conflict: Syria’s ethnic Kurdish minority took up arms amid the chaos. The Kurds carved out a de facto ministate and have gradually taken territory they see as Kurdish  —   sometimes with backing from the United States, which sees the Kurds as an ally against jihadist groups. While Mr. Assad has not focused on fighting the Kurdish groups, they are opposed by neighboring Turkey, which is in conflict with its own Kurdish minority. The third conflict involves the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, which emerged out of infighting among jihadist groups. In 2014, the Islamic State seized large parts of Syria and Iraq, and it declared that territory its caliphate. The group has no allies and is at war with all other actors in the conflict. The fourth, and most complex, dynamic may be the crisscrossing foreign interventions, which have grown steadily. Mr. Assad receives vital support from Iran and Russia, as well as the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah. The rebels are backed by the United States and   Arab states like Saudi Arabia. These foreign powers have different agendas, but all pursue them by ramping up Syria’s violence, helping to perpetuate the war. On the surface, the conflict began in 2011 with the Arab Spring. Syrians, like other peoples across the region, rose up peacefully against their authoritarian government. Mr. Assad cracked down violently. Communities took up arms to defend themselves, then fought back in what became a civil war. Some soldiers joined the rebels, but not enough to win. But that alone does not explain Syria’s disintegration. It is now clear that the state was weak in ways that made it inherently unstable and prone to violence. The government was dominated by a minority group. Over decades, Syria’s religious and ethnic divides had taken on greater political importance, making the ruling minority fearful and reactive. Mr. Assad had strong support among the military and security services, but not the broader population, making violence more tempting. The instability was deepened by the fact that rural Syrians had moved to cities in large numbers in recent years, driven in part by droughts linked to climate change. Fighting, once it began, was worsened by several external factors. A decade of war in neighboring Iraq had produced   extremist groups that now flowed into Syria. Iraq’s political troubles in 2011 and 2012 helped open space for the Islamic State. During this time, Syria was sucked into the regional power struggle between Iran and Saudi Arabia. Five countries are playing a major role in Syria, each with different agendas. Their interventions have locked the war into an   stalemate. Iran was first, sending supplies and soldiers to prop up Mr. Assad. Iran sees Syria as crucial to its regional strategy: It provides access to Lebanon and therefore Hezbollah, a group Tehran uses for regional influence and as a counterweight to Israel, whose nuclear weapons it fears. Saudi Arabia supported Syria’s rebels in the hopes of replacing Mr. Assad with a friendlier government and of countering Iran’s influence. Saudi Arabia and Iran have been rivals for decades, fighting something like a cold war for regional dominance. (Other Arab states like Jordan, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates have also backed the rebels.) Their struggle has escalated for several reasons: Iran’s growing power the regional power vacuum that opened with the fall of Saddam Hussein in 2003 in Iraq more political vacuums opened by the Arab Spring a hawkish new king in Saudi Arabia and Saudi fears that the United States is becoming less hostile toward Iran. The United States funnels weapons to Syria’s rebels. It did so initially out of opposition to Mr. Assad, a longtime enemy, and later to encourage those groups to fight the Islamic State. The United States has also armed Kurdish groups against the Islamic State. Turkey sheltered Syrian rebels and ushered in foreign recruits, seeking to undermine and perhaps topple Mr. Assad. Later, the country also acted to counter Syrian Kurdish groups, fearing that they could strengthen Kurdish insurgents in Turkey. Russia has backed Mr. Assad from the beginning, selling him arms and providing diplomatic cover at the United Nations. Syria is one of Russia’s last remaining allies, and it is where Moscow maintains its only military bases outside the former Soviet Union. Russian forces intervened in 2015, at a time when Mr. Assad appeared to be losing ground. There have been atrocities on all sides, but forces loyal to Mr. Assad have committed by far the most. Because his government is so weak  —   its support base is small and its military has suffered heavy defections  —   Mr. Assad seems to believe he can regain control only by violently coercing Syrians into submission. That has included using chemical weapons, barrel bombs and starvation. Because neither Mr. Assad nor the rebels are strong enough to win, the battle lines push back and forth, rolling across communities in waves of destruction that kill thousands but accomplish little else. Foreign interventions have made those shifting front lines even bloodier and have deepened the stalemate. As a result, the overall violence kills more Syrians without altering the conflict’s underlying dynamics. The years of chaos have destroyed basic order in Syria. As often happens in lengthy civil wars, militias have filled the vacuum. Their leaders often behave more as warlords, forcibly extracting resources from local communities. This practice has been carried out by rebel militias and some that support the government. The rise of the Islamic State has worsened all of these trends. The jihadist group has provided another set of shifting battle lines, introduced more warlords, compelled more foreign interventions and, most of all, put communities under its tyrannical, fanatical rule. There is nothing innately religious about Syria’s war, but its broader political forces have played out along religious lines. To understand why, it helps to start about 100 years ago. After World War I, France took control of the territory of the defeated Ottoman Empire that is now Syria. France ruled through minority groups that would be too small to hold power without outside support. That included Alawites, followers of a branch of Shiite Islam, who joined the military in large numbers. The last French troops left in 1946, and a long period of turmoil followed. Syria’s military consolidated power in a 1970 coup led by Hafez   an Alawite general and the father of Bashar  . Syria’s authoritarian government favored Alawites and other minorities, widening social and political divides along sectarian lines. A sectarian civil war next door in Lebanon and the rise of Sunni religious politics widened them further, and Alawites continued to cluster in positions of power. The country’s Sunni Arab majority came to feel, at times, that they were underserved. Minority governments like Syria’s tend to be unstable. They sometimes fear discrimination or worse should they lose power, and can see the majority group as a potential threat rather than a base of support. This can make them more willing to use violence to hold on to power  —   as Mr. Assad did when his forces opened fire on peaceful protesters in 2011. As the war has worsened, many Syrians have based their allegiance on sectarian identity. But this is not because they are motived primarily by religious or ethnic concerns. Rather, it is defensive. They fear that the other side will target them for their background, so they feel safe only with their own people. This contributes to atrocities: If Alawites are seen as innately   then Sunni militias could conclude that all Alawite civilians are a threat and treat them accordingly, which prompts more defensive sorting. At the same time, the   Arabia proxy war is also playing out along sectarian lines, with the Saudis backing Sunnis and Iran backing Shiites across the region. For both countries, sectarianism is a tool by which they can cultivate proxy forces and stir up fear of the other side. The group has its roots in two earlier wars and the foreign occupations that followed: the 1979 Soviet invasion of Afghanistan and the   invasion of Iraq in 2003. In the first, Sunni Arab volunteers fought alongside Afghan rebels, later forming the global jihadist movement, including Al Qaeda. In the second, Al Qaeda and other Sunni groups flooded to Iraq to fight both the Americans and Iraq’s Shiite majority. A key name is Abu Musab   a Jordanian extremist who fought in Afghanistan in the 1990s and Iraq in the 2000s. Mr. Zarqawi’s views and methods were even more extreme and theatrical than Al Qaeda’s. He flourished in Iraq’s war, using tactics now associated with the Islamic State: videotaped beheadings, mass killings of fellow Muslims deemed nonbelievers and attacks meant to incite a   war. Al Qaeda invited Mr. Zarqawi to rebrand his group as Al Qaeda in Iraq, but the two factions argued over strategy and ideology, setting them up for conflict a decade later in Syria. Mr. Zarqawi was killed in 2006, and his group declined as Sunni Iraqis turned against it. Later, Iraq’s   government grew increasingly authoritarian and sectarian, alienating the minority Sunni. It also purged many experienced military and security officers, replacing them with political loyalists. The successor to Mr. Zarqawi’s group, then calling itself the Islamic State in Iraq, exploited these conditions in 2011 and 2012 to reconstitute itself, for example by breaking extremists out of Iraqi prisons. Its leader, Abu Bakr   combined Mr. Zarqawi’s views with an apocalypticism taking hold amid the region’s upheaval. Mr. Baghdadi sent a top officer into Syria’s war to set up a new Al Qaeda franchise: the Nusra Front, now known as the Levant Conquest Front. In 2013, Mr. Baghdadi declared himself commander of all Al Qaeda forces in Iraq and Syria. After years of tense partnership with Al Qaeda, the groups finally split. Mr. Baghdadi  —   his force now rebranded as the Islamic State  —   invaded Syria to fight his former Qaeda allies. The Islamic State carved out a ministate in Syria’s chaos, then used it as a base to invade Iraq in 2014. It repeated Mr. Zarqawi’s worst tactics on a far larger scale, committing acts of genocide and mass murder in the Middle East and abroad, and attracting foreign recruits from rich and poor countries alike. The war in Syria has produced nearly five million refugees. The exodus has created three sets of problems, all dire: a humanitarian crisis for the refugees themselves, a potential crisis for the countries that host them and a political crisis in Europe over what to do. Syrian refugees face disease and malnutrition. Host countries often bar them from working, meaning that families cannot provide for themselves. Many Syrian children are deprived of education, a problem that could hinder them for life. Most Syrian refugees are in Jordan, Lebanon and Turkey, neighboring countries that lack the necessary resources to help them. The influx could be destabilizing, particularly in Jordan and Lebanon where Syrian refugees now make up a large share of the population. Many refugees, unable to tolerate life in the camps, have braved the dangerous journey to Europe. But European voters have largely rejected them, supporting extreme measures to keep out Syrians and other migrants. European leaders at one point suspended    missions in the Mediterranean, partly in response to complaints that saving refugees’ lives might encourage more to make the journey. Leaders of the campaign to get Britain to leave the European Union based their argument partly on opposition to accepting Syrian refugees. Europe’s attitude appears driven by a combination of economic downturn hostility toward the European Union, which allows unlimited migration among member states and demographic anxiety rooted in   trends that have made populations more diverse. As a result, many refugees are stuck in camps in Italy and Greece. Many others die trying to reach Europe. European countries, along with the United States and Canada, have absorbed thousands of refugees, but not nearly enough to alter the underlying crisis.",0
11054,"Trump Slams Media Criticism of Refugee, Visa Reforms - Breitbart","President Donald Trump debunked   claims from the media, Muslim and   critics who claim his new   visitor safeguard policy and refugee reform is a blanket “Muslim ban. ”[“This is not a Muslim ban, as the media is falsely reporting,” Trump said in the Sunday statement, as   and Islamist groups decried his new visitor safeguards in airports around the nation, and protested his planned reduction in refugee inflow to 50, 000 per year.  “This is not about religion  —   this is about terror and keeping our country safe. There are over 40 different countries worldwide that are majority Muslim that are not affected by this order,” Trump said. “My policy is similar to what President Obama did in 2011 when he banned visas for refugees from Iraq for six months,” said Trump. “The seven countries named in the Executive Order are the same countries previously identified by the Obama administration as sources of terror,” he added. The   halt in 2011 was quietly imposed by Obama when two legal refugees in Bowling Green, Ky. were discovered to have been jihad attackers in Iraq. The two jihadis had slipped through lax vetting procedures when they were invited to take refuge in the United States. Trump continued: America is a proud nation of immigrants and we will continue to show compassion to those fleeing oppression, but we will do so while protecting our own citizens and border. America has always been the land of the free and home of the brave. We will keep it free and keep it safe, as the media knows, but refuses to say  …     We will again be issuing visas to all countries once we are sure we have reviewed and implemented the most secure policies over the next 90 days. I have tremendous feeling for the people involved in this horrific humanitarian crisis in Syria. My first priority will always be to protect and serve our country, but as President I will find ways to help all those who are suffering. The executive order, signed by Trump on Friday, will suspend visas for 90 days for “immigrants and  ” from the   Islamic countries of Syria, Somalia, Sudan, Libya, Yemen, Iran, and Iraq, pending the development of acceptable vetting methods. Many countries with large Muslim populations, such as Saudi Arabia, India, and Indonesia, will not be affected.  The order also cuts the annual inflow of refugees back to 50, 000 per year, roughly level with the annual inflows in Obama’s first term. That reduction is strongly opposed by U. S.  Islamic advocacy groups who favor   Islamic migration into the United States.  On Thursday, Trump said that his administration would look at creating safe zones in Syria as part of an effort to ease the country’s humanitarian crisis. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com,      ",0
11055,Why Iranian-American pastor held hostage in Iran is voting for Donald Trump,"Why Iranian-American pastor held hostage in Iran is voting for Donald Trump Iranian-American Pastor Saeed Abedini is brimming with gratitude for one U.S. presidential aspirant: Donald Trump. Christian Today In a surprising revelation, Abedini said the Republican presidential nominee helped provide for the needs of his family in Boise, Idaho while he was locked up in an Iranian prison for his faith. The pastor said Trump gave his family $10,000 while he was imprisoned for three and a half years. “I am finally free in a free country. Last year on the same day I was sick and in chains for Christ, and now I can vote to choose my next president,” Abedini said in a post on his Facebook page on Sunday. “And most amazingly, I can vote for someone that I know fought for me and called my name so many times. He met my family and gave them a $10,000 gift. I think his ideas are more biblical than the other candidates,” he added. In contrast, Abedini said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton did not do or say anything to help secure his release from Iranian prison. The pastor said Clinton never spoke his name or met his family. Abedini family As a woman who says she stands for women’s rights when she was foreign minister, she never contacted my mom, wife, sister or my daughter. She never did anything to help when I was in prison as an American pastor who was detained in Iran as a hostage,” he wrote. (Probably because she was too busy figuring out how to get more Iranian Muslims into the country) Last week, Abedini said he already cast an early vote for Trump in the 2016 presidential election.",0
11056,F.D.A. Finishes Food Labels for How We Eat Now - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Major changes to nutrition labels on food packages became final on Friday, with calorie counts now shown in large type and portion sizes that reflect how much Americans actually eat. It was the first significant redrawing of the nutrition information on food labels since the federal government started requiring them in the early 1990s. Those labels were based on eating habits and nutrition data from the 1970s and ’80s and before portion sizes expanded significantly. Federal health officials argued that the changes were needed to bring labels into step with the reality of the modern American diet. The Food and Drug Administration  proposed the changes in 2014, but consumer advocates worried that many of the major elements would not survive lobbying by the powerful food industry. A number of companies vigorously opposed, for example, a separate line for added sugars. But the final rule, announced by Michelle Obama on Friday, mostly remained intact, including the line on added sugars. “This has to be scored as a huge win,” said Marion Nestle, a professor in the department of nutrition, food studies and public health at New York University. “The F. D. A. ’s final rules confirm what the agency proposed originally on the most important elements. The big ones  —   calories, added sugars  —   survived. ” The changes jump out. The calories are in large bold numbers, and are easier to spot at a glance. A single ice cream serving is   of a cup  —   compared with the current half cup. Most food manufacturers will be required to use the new label by July 2018. Producers with less than $10 million in annual food sales will have an additional year to comply. Millions of Americans pay attention to food labels. The changes are meant to make them easier to understand  —   a critical step in an era when more than   of adults are obese, public health experts say. The epidemic has caused rates of diabetes to soar and has increased risks for cancer, heart disease and stroke. Comments from companies and trade associations seemed to reflect acceptance. The American Beverage Association said its members had already put clearer calorie counts on the front of beverage bottles as a part of Ms. Obama’s “Let’s Move!” campaign. The Grocery Manufacturers Association, which represents food and beverage companies, said, “We look forward to working with F. D. A. and other stakeholders on messages and activities to help consumers understand what the new labels mean. ” But the sugar industry did not relent in its criticism. The Sugar Association said it was “disappointed” by the F. D. A. ’s decision to require a separate line for added sugars. It argued that the rule lacked “scientific justification. ” The association said, “We are concerned that the ruling sets a dangerous precedent that is not grounded in science, and could actually deter us from our shared goal of a healthier America. ” Getting the original nutrition labels on food packages was a major battle. Dr. David Kessler, the former F. D. A. commissioner, said the fight went all the way to the Oval Office, where the first President George Bush sided with the agency in what was considered a major victory for public health. “They got this right,” he said of the new changes in an interview on Friday. “This will affect people’s lives. It gives really important information to people who want to use it. ” It is also important for the food and beverage industry, he said. “By putting added sugars on the label, it creates incentives for industry to make healthier products, because they don’t want to look bad with all of that sugar on the label. ” Michael F. Jacobson, executive director of the Center for Science in the Public Interest, said he believed the new line for added sugars would help change behavior. “A lot of people will be shocked to see how much sugar is in soda,” he said. “Teachers and parents will leap at that as something to show their kids. ” A   can of Coke has 140 calories and 39 grams of sugar, which, according to Mr. Jacobson, is about the equivalent of 9. 2 teaspoons. He said a shortcoming of the new rules was that companies could still express sugar in grams, not in teaspoons.",0
11057,US Calls on Saudis to End Airstrikes Against Yemen,"No Sign US Is Going to Slow Arms Sales to Saudis   
After a solid 19 months of endorsing the Saudi war in Yemen, selling the Saudis massive amounts of arms, and refueling Saudi bombers over Yemen’s airspace, the Obama Administration today called on the Saudis to halt airstrikes against Yemen, and accept that there is no military solution. 
A top Human Rights Watch director noted that the call would’ve carried a lot more weight if the US wasn’t providing the bombs the Saudis are dropping on Yemen in the first place, though former US officials say its almost certain this won’t include any dial back in US arms sales. 
The call likely reflects the UN’s peace plan being presented to both sides and immediately rejected by the pro-Saudi officials. Huge civilian death tolls in recent Saudi attacks have added up to make the US a bit more gunshy than usual about supporting the Saudi war publicly. 
At the same time, the US “opposition” to the air war is slim indeed, with the US Ambassador to the UN, Samantha Power, insisting even in the announcement of their opposition to further strikes that the US supports Saudi Arabia’s right to “self-defense,” which in this case included an outright invasion of a neighboring country. 
The US has insisted Saudi aid is “under review” since a recent attack on a funeral. That said, there is no sign that any real changes in US policy were made, and the expectation is that, as always, US interest in growing arms exports will win out.  ",0
11058,"Genius Kid Trolled White House Halloween Party, Idiot Obama Didn’t Notice","Genius Kid Trolled White House Halloween Party, Idiot Obama Didn’t Notice Posted on November 1, 2016 by Robert Rich in Politics Share This 
During certain holidays, Barack and Michelle Obama invite a few kids to the White House to join them in the festivities. However, the most recent incident wasn’t like all the rest as one kid decided to troll everyone there with a genius costume idea – and our idiot president didn’t even seem to notice what he did. 
Yesterday, a few kids were invited to the White House Rose Garden in order to dress up for the annual Halloween trick-or-treat event. Although most kids were there for the candy and games, there was one costume that stood above the rest – a duck. 
Now, this wasn’t exactly your typical duck costume with a kid inside, and he wasn’t your ordinary kid either. As can be seen in a picture posing with Obama, the duck was actually bandaged with its arm in a sling, thereby actually making it a “ lame duck .” Obama meets kid dressed as ""lame duck"" for Halloween at WH pic.twitter.com/5q4l04b5pM 
— Jim Acosta (@Acosta) October 31, 2016 
Of course, Obama is about to adopt that name after the election as he begins the home stretch of his presidency. Although he hasn’t done anything except for forcing his legacy down America’s throat, these are the few months where slacking off is actually accepted from a man in his position. 
At this point, a few things are unclear, including whether this kid was suggesting that Obama was a lame duck for his entire presidency or if our so-called Commander-in-Chief actually caught the genius pun. While some say he took the comedic jab with a bit of humor, others suggest the moron missed the subtle trolling entirely as it was just one of the endless droves of children in costumes that he took a picture with. 
It’s unknown who was actually in the costume or if the idea came from the child or their father, but it’s being shared around social media for good reason. Obama has been nothing but a lame duck for the past 8 years after idiot voters actually believing the “hope and change” spiel voted for the man twice. 
Fortunately, his days of freeloading and kicking back are about to become a thing of the past. Although nothing will change during his “lame duck” months, freeloaders of our nation are about to get a kick in the backside when Donald Trump is elected. We have been doing nothing for far too long – it’s time we kick things into high gear and actually do some great things, just like we used to do.",0
11059,Rep. Mike Kelly Introduces Bill to Repeal Obamacare’s Cadillac Tax - Breitbart,"Rep. Mike Kelly ( ) has introduced legislation that would repeal Obamacare’s controversial Cadillac Tax. [The provision would impose a 40 percent excise tax on all health insurance plans provided by employers that have a value of more than $10, 200 for individual coverage and $27, 500 for family coverage.  The bill (H. R. 173) dubbed the “Middle Class Health Benefits Tax Repeal Act of 2017,” is   by Democrat Rep. Joe Courtney (CT). “As President Obama comes to Capitol Hill to try to save his failed health care law, I am proud to take one of the first steps in repealing and replacing this law in order to save the American people from its harmful consequences,” Kelly said in a press release. “The widespread pain of Obamacare’s higher costs and broken promises is already being felt by countless families and workers, yet with the law’s looming Cadillac Tax, in many ways the worst is yet to come. ” Though the Cadillac Tax was originally scheduled to take effect in 2018, currently it is slated for implementation in 2020. According to the press release, “analysis by the Kaiser Family Foundation” finds “the tax will impact approximately 42 percent of American employers and their employees. ” “The Cadillac Tax is a major reason why the   Affordable Care Act will make health care even less affordable and accessible for so many households across America,” Kelly continued. “Sensible health care policy should encourage employers to offer a full range of health plans to their associates, not punish them with an unfair tax for doing so. ” “The sad result will be higher deductibles and fewer services for hardworking Americans,” he added. “With most Pennsylvanians covered by   health insurance, this Obamacare tax will be a disaster felt especially close to home. ”",0
11060,Whoopi Goldberg: Trump Firing Comey ’Feels Like a Coup’ - Breitbart,"Thursday on ABC’s The View,”   Whoopi Goldberg said President Donald Trump firing of FBI Director James Comey felt “like a coup. ”  Goldberg said, “Does this feel like a coup to anybody? It feels like a coup. First, the whole Justice Department got, everybody got gutted, all the things got gutted. It just feels  —  and he got all the generals  —   it feels kind of coupy. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
11061,GaiaPortal: Interwebs of Gaia energetics are strengthened,"Click Here To Learn More About Alexandra's Personalized Essences Psychic Protection Click Here for More Information on Psychic Protection! Implant Removal Series Click here to listen to the IRP and SA/DNA Process Read The Testimonials Click Here To Read What Others Are Experiencing! Copyright © 2012 by Galactic Connection. All Rights Reserved. 
Excerpts may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Alexandra Meadors and www.galacticconnection.com with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of any material on this website without express and written permission from its author and owner is strictly prohibited. Thank you. 
Privacy Policy 
By subscribing to GalacticConnection.com you acknowledge that your name and e-mail address will be added to our database. As with all other personal information, only working affiliates of GalacticConnection.com have access to this data. We do not give GalacticConnection.com addresses to outside companies, nor will we ever rent or sell your email address. Any e-mail you send to GalacticConnection.com is completely confidential. Therefore, we will not add your name to our e-mail list without your permission. Continue reading... Galactic Connection 2016 | Design & Development by AA at Superluminal Systems Sign Up forOur Newsletter 
Join our newsletter to receive exclusive updates, interviews, discounts, and more. Join Us!",0
11062,Why the Democrats Keep Losing the Congress,"Why isn’t the Democratic Party landsliding the worst and cruelest Republican Party in the past 162 years?
Just take a glance at their record votes and you’ll wonder why the Republican representatives don’t just incorporate themselves and be done with any pretense that they are real people.
A brief look at a compilation of Republican votes during the years 2011-2012, when the Republicans controlled the House, demonstrates that they regularly choose Wall Street over Main Street, drug and oil, banking and insurance companies over consumers. And that Republicans want tiny enforcement budgets against corporate crime to assure that hundreds of billions of your health and other consumer dollars are not recovered from the corporate criminals ($60 billion a year alone in business frauds on Medicare).
Repeatedly, these Republicans, often a unanimous 100% of them, in a bizarre kind of corporate-conditioned response, vote in favor of corporations shipping American jobs overseas rather than voting to protect American workers. This Republican-controlled congress was intent on defending and increasing massive tax breaks for the wealthiest at the expense of the lower income families, attacking Medicare, social security, and other programs assisting elderly Americans, even assaulting women’s health and safety, opposing stronger food safety enforcement and preventing toxic pollution controls while at the same time protecting rapacious student loan companies and keeping victims of mortgage companies and banks defenseless against onslaughts of insurmountable debt accumulation.
They also passed a bill to pay members of Congress during a GOP-led government shutdown, however, while refusing to guarantee that soldiers would get paid during the same shutdown. Moreover, the Republicans have this strange antagonism toward encouraging more people to vote, and assuring that every vote counts.
Go past the façade of the Republican rhetoric praising heroic veterans are their grim votes against protecting veterans from rip-offs as borrowers for their consumer, education and housing needs.
Fast forward to the last two years and you’ll find the same corporatist grip on the House. Fifteen times House Republicans have voted for measures attacking women’s health; blocked all votes on comprehensive immigration reform; gave the back of their hand against children’s well-being; twice voted unanimously against affirming that climate change is real and passed tax cuts of which 99.6 percent go to the richest 1 percent of Americans. Furthermore, they have voted unanimously against even considering a constitutional amendment to overturn the Supreme Court’s 5-4 Citizen’s United decision that opened the floodgates of big corporate money in elections. They continue to protect secret money in elections and twice voted against even allowing a vote on the Paycheck Fairness Act giving women new tools for equal pay for equal work.
One hundred percent of all House Republicans voted against allowing a vote to let American workers earn just seven job-protected paid sick days each year – less than has been given for years in western-European countries.
So in hock are they to the student loan industry, the Republicans have repeatedly voted against bringing up for a vote the student loan refinancing bill. One hundred percent of House Republicans voted against even bringing up a bill to stop big companies from dumping their U.S. charter and fleeing abroad to avoid paying their fair share of taxes. Lead-poisoned children in Flint, Michigan got the straight-arm by 236 House Republicans. Republicans held zero hearings in 2016 on the president’s 2017 budget – an unheard of breach of legislative duty.
House Republicans in recent years have stupidly cut the IRS budget facilitating $400 billion of uncollected taxes each year, thereby swelling the federal deficit that the GOP is supposed to care about. The Republicans are knowingly complicit in protecting tax evasion.
Worse, these Republicans are complicit in shielding over $330 billion each year in computerized billing fraud. This corporate crime wave estimate comes from the leading expert on billing fraud, Harvard Professor Malcolm Sparrow (author of License to Steal ), backed by an earlier report from the Government Accountability Office of the Congress. There simply is too little budget for adequate investigators and prosecutors even when every dollar in enforcement brings about ten dollars in recoveries and fines!
Why doesn’t all of this anti-human record make news? First, these bills are almost always blocked by the Democrats in the Senate. Second, many of these votes by the House Republicans are blocking votes to require on-the-record roll call votes that show each member’s position on a bill. Third, let’s be clear, the media, which has reporters swarming all over Capitol Hill, is not doing its job.
Fourth, there aren’t a tiny fraction of the civically active people back home organized to publicize the votes by their member of Congress. Fifth, the lack of dynamic leadership by Congressional Democrats included being rolled by a Republican strategy to up the GOP’s advantage in the number of gerrymandered districts in 2010 (brilliantly reported in David Daley’s new book, Ratf**ked: The True Story Behind The Secret Plan to Steal America’s Democracy ).
In the final analysis, the blame is on the Democratic Party that does not give us a competitive election process over substantive matters uppermost in the minds of the American people. It took strenuous demands by some civic leaders in Washington, D.C. just to get the House Democrats to compile these aforementioned Republican votes and passively release them in a concise form to the public and then only a month before the November elections! With few exceptions, Democrats astonishingly do not campaign on such a base Republican misery index.
Unfortunately, many Democratic candidates are dialing for the same campaign dollars as their Republican opponents and many Democratic incumbent candidates are ensconced in safe, non-competitive electoral districts (often because of their gerrymandering). Consequently, they don’t make an effort to show the callousness and cruelty of the Republican Party.
For any further explanation of this Democratic Party’s dysfunctional indifference to winning back the House of Representatives, based on the abysmal record of the Republican Party, call in some social psychologists specializing in group machoism.
To see the full list for yourself – see 2012 and 2016 .
 Ralph Nader is a consumer advocate, lawyer and author of Only the Super-Rich Can Save Us!",0
11063,"Racists, Misogynists and Homophobes all absolutely delighted","Wednesday 9 November 2016 by Lucas Wilde Racists, Misogynists and Homophobes all absolutely delighted 
Every bigot you’ve ever met is a little bit happier today. 
Donald Trump has won the Presidency in a result that wasn’t fuelled by hatred or racism by everyone, or not even perhaps the majority, but nonetheless a result that absolutely every narrow-minded tosspot was definitely hoping for. 
“Yay!” said racist, Simon Williams. 
“What a great morning to be American – like every morning, obviously, as every other nation is inferior. 
“But this morning is just super-bloody-duper. 
“The moment I saw the news I looked at my collection of Nazi-themed hats and said ‘boys, we are back in business’. Because previously I was discouraged from wearing Nazi-themed hats, you see. PC gone mad, I tell you that.” 
Reasonable conservative voter, Kevin Carmichael, said, “it is a shame that we seem to attract the racists. 
“I guess that’s the risk you take when you run a campaign based on a simple fear of brown people, but hey, we got the votes, and we won, and that’s all that matters. 
“Yes, it is. You just watch. It’s going to be great.” Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently witterings below - why not add your own? ",0
11064,"Stephen Bannon, a Rookie Campaign Chief Who ‘Loves the Fight’ - The New York Times","As the American financial system collapsed in the fall of 2008, Stephen K. Bannon began to fantasize about destroying something else: the elite economic and political establishment that he believed had created the crisis. Mr. Bannon, who was named Donald J. Trump’s campaign chief on Wednesday, was at the time a highly improbable revolutionary, a wealthy former Goldman Sachs banker and a budding filmmaker. But his   Southern roots tugged at him: panicked by the swooning market, his father, a telephone company lineman with no college degree, had sold much of the stock in his retirement account. “Steve felt it was outrageous,” said Scot Vorse, his former business partner and a longtime friend. It was the start of a remarkable reinvention that turned a polished corporate dealmaker who once devised $10 billion mergers on Wall Street into a purveyor of     media who dwells in the darker corners of American politics. The website he runs, Breitbart News, recently accused President Obama of “importing more hating Muslims” compared Planned Parenthood’s work to the Holocaust called Bill Kristol, the conservative commentator, a “renegade Jew” and advised female victims of online harassment to “just log off” and stop “screwing up the internet for men,” illustrating that point with a picture of a crying child. With its provocative content,   style and populist message, Breitbart is, in many ways, a mirror of Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign  —   which explains why the Republican nominee was so drawn to Mr. Bannon, Breitbart’s chairman. “Steve is a fighter. He loves the fight. He loves the scrum,” said Andrew Marcus, who met Mr. Bannon, a Navy veteran, while making a documentary about Breitbart’s founding editor, Andrew Breitbart, who died in 2012. Mr. Bannon, 62, who grew up in a Democratic family in Virginia that fled the party in favor of Richard Nixon’s    Republicanism, has quietly advised Mr. Trump throughout his campaign, according to friends and colleagues. But as Mr. Trump’s candidacy has started to sputter and flail, Mr. Bannon’s role has intensified, so much so that Mr. Trump asked to meet with him over the weekend and offered him the position of chief executive. That vaunted post, which makes Mr. Bannon the single most influential figure in the Trump campaign, is a leap of faith by a candidate who has long eschewed political professionals: Mr. Bannon has never before worked on a national campaign, let alone overseen one. But his résumé is thick with the kind of experience Mr. Trump covets: a deep understanding of how the news media works and how public perceptions are molded. Over the past decade, Mr. Bannon has built a small but potent media empire designed to directly challenge the country’s cultural and political elite, whom he sees as incorrigibly detached from   America and responsible for dismantling its backbone  —   an industrial economy that employed its families and the secure borders that protected them. He made movies that lionized Sarah Palin and vilified the Occupy Wall Street movement as fraudulent rebels backed by   liberals. A trailer for that film, called “Occupy Unmasked,” is a fevered compilation of rioting, profanity, a burning American flag and a man appearing to brush his bare behind against a police car. “We are finally telling you the true story of the radicals behind the Occupy movement,” Mr. Breitbart, the film’s star, says grimly into the camera. Mr. Bannon, who declined to be interviewed for this article, has made little secret of his desire to frighten Americans out of complacency, fusing relentless provocation and a hodgepodge of conservative ideas to make the case for rebellion against the political order. “Fear is a good thing,” he said in a 2010 interview. “Fear is going to lead you to take action. ” His timing was serendipitous: Mr. Bannon’s ventures in   film and news were perfectly timed to capture the emerging fury of the Tea Party movement, which was still smarting from the federal bailout of Wall Street banks like his former employer, Goldman Sachs, and the growing sense that the nation’s top tier had sold out the working and middle classes. By 2014, Mr. Bannon had jumped from the political sidelines into the arena. When a   Republican candidate named David Brat challenged Eric Cantor, the House majority leader known for his close ties to Wall Street, Breitbart News put its thumb on the scale, publishing dozens of positive articles about the underdog’s bid. Mr. Bannon was childhood friends with a top adviser to Mr. Brat, whose victory stunned Republican elders. It was a foretaste of the   movement Mr. Trump would soon lead. “He is somebody who puts his activism on par with his intellectual work,” said David Bossie, president of the conservative group Citizens United, who has collaborated on film projects with Mr. Bannon. “A lot of intellectuals sit back and write columns and let other people do the work,” Mr. Bossie said. “Steve is a believer in doing both. ” The credential that has earned Mr. Bannon a spot in the Trump campaign  —   his stewardship of Breitbart News  —   was something of an accident. The death of Mr. Breitbart, at age 43 of heart failure, was a shock to his reporters and fans. Mr. Bannon threw himself into the    management of the site, opening branches in Los Angeles and London and leading   conference calls during which he issued directives on what stories to pursue. His business acumen has paid off: Breitbart received 18. 3 million unique visitors in July, according to data from comScore, up about 40 percent from the year prior. The site has outpaced conservative rivals like The Daily Caller, and Breitbart executives say that monthly traffic has increased by 16 times since the year Mr. Bannon took over. But some inside Breitbart chafed at Mr. Bannon’s outspoken style of management, complaining that he upbraided staff members and seemed to embrace outright advocacy over journalistic principles. In March, several top reporters and executives resigned, saying that Mr. Bannon’s insistence on articles favorable to Mr. Trump had compromised Mr. Breitbart’s ethos that nothing was sacred. “He is someone who is prone to   tirades at all hours of the night,” said Kurt Bardella, a former spokesman for Breitbart, who quit after complaining that the site had transformed into “Trump’s de facto ‘super PAC. ’” Ben Shapiro, a former editor at Breitbart, said Mr. Bannon’s language could be startling. “There are very few people who have dealt with Steve Bannon who have not been cursed at,” he said. Tensions spiked after Michelle Fields, a Breitbart reporter, accused Mr. Trump’s campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, of shoving her at a rally. (Battery charges against Mr. Lewandowski were later dropped.) To the surprise of many on staff, Breitbart published an article that questioned portions of Ms. Fields’s account, a rare case of a publication publicly challenging its own reporter. She later quit. Allies of Mr. Bannon say that he is simply a   manager with high expectations  —   a description echoed on Wednesday by Breitbart’s chief executive, Larry Solov, who in a memo to the staff described Mr. Bannon as “a huge piece of manpower. ” Mr. Marcus, the documentary filmmaker, said that it frequently fell to Mr. Bannon to rein in the excessive instincts of Breitbart News and its staff in meetings. “He was a voice of reason,” Mr. Marcus said of the time he spent inside the company, following Mr. Breitbart around. “Steve was the one saying, hey, maybe you want to dial that back a bit. ” Like Mr. Trump, who remains closely involved with his real estate business despite his candidacy, Mr. Bannon is not walking away from his pastimes. A new documentary he directed, “Torchbearer,” which follows the “Duck Dynasty” star Phil Robertson to the Parthenon and other famed locations, is scheduled to be released this fall. The film may echo the bleaker themes of Mr. Trump’s campaign. “We discuss how empires rise and fall, and how they lose God in their societies,” said Mr. Bossie, of Citizens United, who is a producer. Asked if Mr. Bannon could succeed as a campaign manager, typically the ultimate insider role, Mr. Bossie said that Mr. Bannon’s outsider status would be “a plus, not a minus. ” “This,” he added, “is the year of the outsider. ”",0
11065,"U.S. Sold $40 Billion in Weapons in 2015, Topping Global Market - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   The United States again ranked first in global weapons sales last year, signing deals for about $40 billion, or half of all agreements in the worldwide arms bazaar, and far ahead of France, the No. 2 weapons dealer with $15 billion in sales, according to a new congressional study. Developing nations continued to be the largest buyers of arms in 2015, with Qatar signing deals for more than $17 billion in weapons last year, followed by Egypt, which agreed to buy almost $12 billion in arms, and Saudi Arabia, with over $8 billion in weapons purchases. Although global tensions and terrorist threats have shown few signs of diminishing, the total size of the global arms trade dropped to around $80 billion in 2015 from the 2014 total of $89 billion, the study found. Developing nations bought $65 billion in weapons in 2015, substantially lower than the previous year’s total of $79 billion. The United States and France increased their overseas weapons sales in 2015, as purchases of American weapons grew by around $4 billion and France’s deals increased by well over $9 billion. The report, “Conventional Arms Transfers to Developing Nations, ” was prepared by the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service, a division of the Library of Congress, and delivered to legislators last week. The annual review is considered the most comprehensive assessment of global arms sales available in an unclassified form. The report adjusts for inflation, so the sales totals are comparable year to year. Constraints on the expansion of foreign weapons sales are “due, in part, to the weakened state of the global economy,” wrote Catherine A. Theohary, a national security policy specialist at the Congressional Research Service and author of the study. “Concerns over their domestic budget problems have led many purchasing nations to defer or limit the purchase of new major weapon systems,” she added. “Some nations have chosen to limit their purchasing to upgrades of existing systems and to training and support services. ” Russia, another dominant power in the global arms market, saw a modest decline in orders for its weapons, dropping to $11. 1 billion in sales from the $11. 2 billion total in 2014. Latin American nations, in particular Venezuela, have become a focus of marketing for Russian arms, the study found. China reached $6 billion in weapons sales, up from its 2014 total of over $3 billion. Among arms manufacturers that also are NATO allies, Germany has found success in marketing naval systems to the developing world, while Britain has done the same with warplanes, according to the report. The most significant overseas weapons sales for the United States last year included new agreements with Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Qatar and South Korea. Over all, the largest buyers of weapons in the developing world in 2015 were Qatar, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, South Korea, Pakistan, Israel, the United Arab Emirates and Iraq. After the United States, France, Russia and China, the study found that the major global arms suppliers were Sweden, Italy, Germany, Turkey, Britain and Israel.",0
11066,"Erdogan Says Follower of Gulen, His Rival, Killed Russian Envoy - The New York Times","President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey said on Wednesday that he had no doubt the assassin of Russia’s ambassador had belonged to the outlawed Turkish organization of Mr. Erdogan’s rival, Fethullah Gulen. The president’s assertion, 48 hours after the ambassador was gunned down by an   police officer at an Ankara art gallery, essentially doubled down on the Turkish government’s contention that evidence showed the assassin was a sleeper agent of Mr. Gulen, a Muslim cleric. Mr. Gulen, who lives in exile in the United States, has denounced the assassination and denied any complicity in it. His spokesman has called such accusations “nonsense” meant to distract attention from what amounts to a spectacular security lapse in the Turkish capital. The Russian ambassador, Andrey G. Karlov, was shot multiple times on Monday evening by the   policeman, Mevlut Mert Altintas, 22, who shouted jihadist slogans and said, “Don’t forget Aleppo, don’t forget Syria!” His words suggested he was avenging victims of Russia’s intervention in the Syrian conflict. Mr. Altintas was fatally shot by other police officers. “There is no reason to hide that he’s a member of the Feto network,” Mr. Erdogan was quoted as saying by Turkish news media, using the acronym for what the government calls the Fethullah Gulen terrorist organization. “All his connections, from where he was educated to his links, point to Feto. ” The government of Russia, which has sent investigators to Turkey to collaborate on the inquiry into Mr. Karlov’s assassination, has been far more cautious in public statements about the killer’s possible affiliation or motive, saying it was premature to draw any conclusions. Mr. Gulen has been accused by the Turkish government of remotely directing the failed coup attempt on July 15, which he has denied. Since then, the government has requested his extradition from the United States and arrested or dismissed thousands of people in the security forces, civil services and educational institutions suspected of being Gulen followers, describing them as seditious infiltrators. The purge was further widened on Wednesday with the suspension of nearly 2, 000 teachers and school employees, Reuters reported from Ankara, quoting an unidentified Education Ministry official. The Turkish authorities also have arrested more than 100 journalists and closed dozens of news media outlets, in what press activists have called an unprecedented repression. The Committee to Protect Journalists, an advocacy group, reported on Dec. 13 that Turkey has become the world’s leading jailer of journalists.",0
11067,"Trump won because Democratic Party failed working people, says Sanders","Trump won because Democratic Party failed working people, says Sanders Former Democratic candidate said he will not rule out another presidential bid in 2020 By Lauren McCauley - November 11, 2016 
Adding his voice to the chorus of condemnation heaped on the Democratic Party in the wake of Donald Trump’s election victory, Sen. Bernie Sanders on Thursday attributed the Republican win to the failure of the liberal elite to represent working people. 
“It is an embarrassment, I think, to the entire of [the] Democratic Party that millions of white working-class people decided to vote for Mr. Trump, which suggests that the Democratic message of standing up for working people no longer holds much sway among workers in this country,” the progressive senator and one-time presidential candidate told the Associated Press . 
“You cannot be a party which on one hand says we’re in favor of working people, we’re in favor of the needs of young people but we don’t quite have the courage to take on Wall Street and the billionaire class,” he continued. “People do not believe that. You’ve got to decide which side you’re on.” 
Sanders—who, according to hypothetical polls conducted during the primary, would have posed a more formidable challenge to Trump than Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton—told the news outlet that he is “not ruling out” another presidential bid in 2020. But, the 75-year-old senator from Vermont said that, for now, he is focused on rebuilding the party. 
Among the potential changes to be made, Sanders told AP that he would recommend Congressional Progressive Caucus co-chair Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.) to lead the Democratic National Committee (DNC), a position that Ellison has been reportedly vying for. 
The interview comes one day after Sanders issued a statement saying he is prepared to work with the president-elect “[t]o the degree that Mr. Trump is serious about pursuing policies that improve the lives of working families in this country.” 
But, the senator indicated on Thursday he did not think that would be likely. “I hope I’m wrong, but I believe that he is a fraud, and I think despite all of his rhetoric about being a champion of the working class, it will turn out to be hollow,” Sanders said. 
In an appearance on CNN late Thursday afternoon, when asked if he could have beaten Trump , Sanders said, “What good does it do now?”",0
11068,5 Mexican Cartel Bosses Who Were Caught Hiding in Texas,"Mexican cartel bosses have a history of seeking a safe haven in the United States in an apparent effort to avoid dying at the hands of their rivals or having to shoot it out with Mexican military forces. U. S. law enforcement officers arrested several key cartel bosses after they sought refuge in Texas. [It is not clear how many Mexican cartel bosses have in fact crossed or continue to cross into the U. S. and avoid being captured. Authorities arrested the following five cartel leaders in South Texas:  1 —   Rafael Cardenas Vela AKA El Junior  One of the top leaders in the Gulf Cartel, and nephew of Los Zetas founder Osiel Cardenas Guillen. As Breitbart Texas reported, Cardenas Vela was known as a  fierce warlord who commanded crews of cartel hitmen that rode in armored trucks and had access to rocket launchers, automatic weapons, and explosives. Fearing a certain death at the hands of his rivals, Cardenas ultimately fled to the United States in May 2011. He maintained control of the Matamoros Plaza from a series of security houses in the Texas border cities of Rio Hondo and Brownsville through the use of daily   to key leadership within the Cartel.  Federal agents arrested El Junior in October 2011 him along with two of his key bodyguards as he was making his way to South Padre Island from Port Isabel, Texas, where he had a luxury condominium. According to federal prosecutors, Cardenas Vela had approximately 500 gunmen men in Mexico ready to respond to his call. 2 —   Luis Alberto Blanco Flores AKA Pelochas or   The current leader of the Gulf Cartel in the border city of Rio Bravo fled to the U. S. in 2010 along with fellow Gulf Cartel members Oscar “El Apache” Castillo Flores and others to escape certain death at the hands of their rivals. At the time, the Gulf Cartel underwent a series of internal conflicts that led to the murder of key leaders. Blanco Flores worked for Castillo Flores and both men fled to Brownsville where eventually federal authorities arrested them, Breitbart Texas previously reported. Both cartel leaders were only charged with illegal   and released after serving two years in prison.  Castillo Flores was gunned down in a firefight in 2012, while Blanco Flores kept climbing the ladder within the leadership of the Gulf Cartel.  During his illegal   trial, Blanco Flores was seen loudly sobbing in court when he saw his mother sitting in the federal courtroom in Brownsville.  3 —   Juan   AKA Panochitas  The former leader of the Gulf Cartel was arrested in October 2014 in the border city of Edinburg. In a story first reported by Breitbart Texas, Juan “El Panochitas”   was arrested by federal authorities after the cartel leader had been hiding in Texas in an apparent effort to avoid the ongoing rivalry between cartel forces and a possible capture by Mexican authorities. Tamez’s charges came from a federal indictment from Beaumont, Texas, where he eventually pleaded guilty to multiple drug conspiracy charges. 4 —   Jose Luis Zuniga AKA El Wicho, A former key leader and regional boss for the Gulf Cartel, El Wicho was arrested by federal authorities in Santa Maria, Texas in 2011. At the time of his arrest, Zuñiga had a . 38 caliber jeweled handgun valued at close to $50, 000.  5 —   Juan Roberto    One of the key commanders of the Gulf Cartel, he was arrested in Texas in October 2011 when he fled to rural Cameron County. According to the FBI, Rincon and his key security detail fled to the United States rather than face a likely death at the hands of their rivals.  Ildefonso Ortiz is an   journalist with Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook. Brandon Darby is managing director and    of Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz and Stephen K. Bannon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook. He can be contacted at bdarby@breitbart. com.",0
11069,"Shah Rukh Khan, ‘King of Bollywood,’ Was Detained at a U.S. Airport for the Third Time - The New York Times","Shah Rukh Khan, the Indian actor known as the “King of Bollywood,” said he was detained for a few hours at an American airport on Thursday. Again. To detain one of India’s biggest celebrities would itself attract international headlines, but this, he said, was the third time that he had been held then released while traveling in the United States. His treatment at American airports was already a sore point among his fans as well as critics of airport security procedures, with each episode sparking outrage and discussion. Mr. Khan was estimated to have a net worth of $600 million in 2014, making him one of the richest actors in the world, just after Jerry Seinfeld. Mr. Khan did not name the airport or say why he had been held, but Rich Verma, the American ambassador to India, said in an apology on Twitter that the incident had happened at Los Angeles International Airport. Mr. Khan’s previous interactions with immigration officials followed a similar pattern of being held for a few hours before being released. In 2009, Mr. Khan, 50, was detained in Newark while in the United States to promote his film “My Name is Khan,” which was about racial profiling of Muslims after the Sept. 11 attacks. In the movie, his character insists he is not a terrorist when he is searched at the San Francisco airport. Then in 2012, he was held in White Plains, N. Y. on his way to address students at Yale. “Whenever I start feeling too arrogant about myself, I always take a trip to America,” he later told the students. With humor, he relayed his frustration on Thursday to his 20. 7 million Twitter followers. (For reference, he has roughly the same number of followers as Eminem, Nicki Minaj and Kourtney Kardashian.) Nisha Biswal, the assistant secretary of state for South and Central Asia, tweeted: “Sorry for the hassle at the airport, @iamsrk  —   even American diplomats get pulled for extra screening!” Mr. Khan responded to her tweet: “No hassle ma’m. ” He said he respected the protocol and did not expect special treatment. “It’s just inconvenient. ” A spokeswoman for Customs and Border Protection said she could not discuss individual cases, citing privacy laws. On Twitter, the incident prompted condemnation and accusations of racial profiling. Mr. Khan’s immediate response to Thursday’s episode, complete with a Pokémon Go joke, is in line with how he has spoken about his past detentions. In his address to Yale students in 2012, he made light of his interaction with immigration officials. “They always ask me how tall I am and I always lie and get away with it and say 5 feet 10 inches. Next time I am getting more adventurous. ‘What color are you?’ I am going to say white. ” In 2013, he wrote about his experience and about the stereotypes he encounters as a Muslim with the last name of Khan, including his security   at American airports. “I wonder, at times, whether the same treatment is given to everyone whose last name just happens to be McVeigh (as in Timothy)?” he wrote, referring to the Oklahoma City bomber.",0
11070,Learning Horrors of War from Vets,"Learning Horrors of War from Vets November 9, 2016 
Americans shed some guilt for sending young soldiers to war by saying “thank you for your service” but it’d be better to ask vets about their war experiences, says ex-U.S. Army chaplain Chris J. Antal who served in Afghanistan. 
By the Rev. Chris J. Antal 
Veteran’s Day too often only serves to construct and maintain a public narrative that glorifies war and military service and excludes the actual experience of the veteran. This public narrative is characterized by core beliefs and assumptions about ourselves and the world that most citizens readily accept without examination. 
The U.S. public narrative reconciles deep religiosity with a penchant for violence with an often unexamined American National Religion. The core beliefs of this religion include the unholy trinity of governmental theism (One Nation Under God, In God We Trust, etc.), global military supremacy, and capitalism as freedom. These core beliefs provide many U.S. citizens with a broad sense of meaning and imbue the public narrative with thematic coherence. U.S. Marines patrol street in Shah Karez in Helmand Province, Afghanistan. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Staff Sgt. Robert Storm) 
War is a Force that Gives Us Meaning , as Christopher Hedges wrote. Yet this kind of coherence has a moral and psychological cost. The consequence of an unexamined faith in American National Religion is a moral dualism that exaggerates U.S. goodness and innocence and projects badness on an “other” who we then demonize as the enemy and kill. 
Walter Wink described this moral dualism as a “theology of redemptive violence,” the erroneous belief that somehow good violence can save us from bad violence. 
Veteran’s Day, in the context of American National Religion, enables selective remembering, self-deception, and projected valorization. In short, it serves to perpetuate lies in order to avoid facing uncomfortable truths about who U.S. citizens are and what kind of people we are becoming. 
Imagine a Veteran’s Day where citizens gathered around veterans and asked, “what’s your story?” Citizens who risk this bold step begin to bridge the empathy gap between civilians and veterans and open up the path for adaptive change and post-traumatic growth. 
I believe one citizen who approaches a veteran with the invitation, “what’s your story?” does more for the veteran than a thousand patriotic platitudes like “Thank you for your service” could ever do. 
Only a First Step 
Asking the question is only the first step. A citizen who wants to give back to veterans should cultivate narrative competence, the capacity to recognize, absorb, interpret, and be moved by the stories one hears or reads. The voice of veterans, if we open our ears to hear them, often provides an essential counter-narrative to the U.S. public narrative. Coffins of dead U.S. soldiers arriving at Dover Air Force Base in Delaware in 2006. (U.S. government photo) 
Violent, sudden, or seemingly meaningless deaths, the kind of deaths often experienced by veterans, can make the world appear dangerous, unpredictable, or unjust. The experience of warfare can often undercut our sense of meaning and coherence and shatter assumptions. Because of this many veterans carry a depth of pain that is unimaginable to many citizens. 
The voice of the veterans often reveals uncomfortable truths and invites collective examination of core beliefs and assumptions, especially those that form the bedrock of American National Religion. 
Imagine a Veteran’s Day where communities join together for authentic dialogue between veterans and civilians. Such a gathering would empower veterans to share the kind of stories that would help the community face real problems. What new story might emerge in the process? How might we become a better people as a result? 
The Reverend Chris Antal was a chaplain with the US Army in Kandahar, Afghanistan and later in the US Army Reserve. While in Afghanistan, he delivered a sermon that said, “We have sanitized killing and condoned extrajudicial assassinations…” He nearly lost his job. This past April, in an open letter to President Obama, he resigned his commission in protest over the use of drones, nuclear proliferation and our government’s claims of impunity to international law. He is minister at the Unitarian Universalist Church in Rock Tavern, New York. More background here.)",0
11071,"NARAL recommends way to celebrate Hillary’s birthday, proves they’re not playing with a full deck","NARAL recommends way to celebrate Hillary’s birthday, proves they’re not playing with a full deck Posted at 2:42 pm on October 26, 2016 by Doug P. 
Today is Hillary Clinton’s birthday , and the people at NARAL suggest celebrating the occasion by … well, here’s Dana Loesch to sum it up: You seriously made gender cards real things. https://t.co/dO8io4txQk 
— Dana Loesch (@DLoesch) October 26, 2016 
Yes — yes they did: Celebrate @HillaryClinton ’s birthday with a deck of Gender Cards—she’s the Ace of Hearts! https://t.co/sTqjAFVmh0 #ImWithHer 
NARAL sees Planned Parenthood’s “Woman Card” and raises them some “Gender Cards.” The Gloria Steinem one looks like Steven Tyler. Disrespectful to Mr. Tyler. https://t.co/sjzm8OCrBy 
— Dana Loesch (@DLoesch) October 26, 2016 @NARAL @HillaryClinton If you didn't include Margarent Sanger in the deck, you've failed.",0
11072,Eight Immigration Victories Won for Americans in 2016 - Breitbart,"Last year was a success for Americans who are fed up with mass immigration, outsourcing, and trade deals that they think are hollowing out their society. [Here are a handful of wins from 2016 —  victories achieved by Americans in the face of opposition from the media, big business, the political establishment, and progressives.  1) The collapse of Gov. Jeb Bush and Sen. Marco Rubio. Bush infamously called illegal immigration an “act of love” and wanted to force   Americans to compete with an unlimited supply of foreign professionals for decent jobs. He said he wanted to grant legal status, and U. S. citizenship, to tens of millions of illegal aliens. He declared enforcing immigration law was not an “American value. ” Rubio, of course, pushed for the   “Gang of Eight” bill that would have flooded America with 33 million new migrants seeking U. S. jobs and granted amnesty plus an unlimited supply of foreign college graduates and refugees  —  after swearing to the Tea Party voters who put him in the Senate he would never vote for an amnesty bill. GOP voters reacted by tanking Bush in South Carolina and dealing Rubio a humiliating defeat in Florida during the Republican primaries. 2) Electing Donald Trump as President of the United States. Voters elected Trump not because he was a billionaire celebrity who writes his own tweets, but because he campaigned at great personal expense and risk to build a wall, deport illegal aliens, reform   programs, halt the illicit drug trade, prevent Islamic terrorism, renegotiate trade deals outsourcing U. S. jobs, and curb American involvement in   Middle Eastern conflicts. Rubio and Bush were comically out of touch with Americans’ concerns about these issues. In a mere 18 months, the conventional wisdom about ratcheting up immigration and handing out amnesty to illegals was swept away. Trump’s first term is very promising for   immigration reformers —  and at the very least, Hillary Clinton will never have the chance to make her open borders “dream” a reality. 3) Victims of illegal alien crime and their families receiving national awareness, sympathy, and outrage on their behalf. Forget reporters calling them a “hate group” and a “hate rally” —  for the first time these   families told their stories directly to their fellow citizens on the national stage and asked for justice. Celebrities are told they’re “so brave” for posing nude and tweeting about women’s’ rights, but it takes real courage to recount your son’s death at the hands of an illegal alien, publicly, in the hopes no parent is ever made to suffer such a loss. Illegal alien crime is almost completely preventable, and Americans rewarded the only candidate who took their side in this crisis with the presidency. 4) Fewer Americans trust the media and its stealthy pleas for amnesty and mass immigration. Despite    media propaganda about mass immigration and the aggressive denials that any drawbacks exist, over half of all voters are openly insisting they want immigration levels halved or reduced to zero. Another 58 percent believe illegal aliens should not be allowed to stay in the U. S. period. Breitbart News previously reported on a poll that found 75 percent of voters want unemployed Americans to receive U. S. jobs, compared to only three percent who think the U. S. should import more foreigners to fill them.   percent said politicians “who would rather import foreign workers to take jobs rather than give them to current U. S. residents [are] unfit to hold office. ” Meanwhile, trust in the media continues to hover at an   low. 5) The facts about immigration continue to “come out of the shadows. ” There is now no excuse for leftists and the media to sneer at anyone who questions mass immigration as “demagogues. ”   million migrants is an enormous number of people to fit into a country in only a few decades. Businesses got cheaper workers and Democrats got more voters, but the nation got millions of new residents who have little incentive to assimilate. Voters are finally allowed to ask: Do we want to live in a country where barbaric practices  —   such as beheadings, animal sacrifice, and female genital mutilation  —   take place? Do we want our children to learn “the value of diversity” instead of math, reading, science, writing, and American history? The media can no longer cover up these stories so easily, and political correctness lost much of its power over the immigration debate. 6) The nomination of Jeff Sessions as Attorney General. Thanks to the Democrats’ nuclear option, the   Sessions is almost certainly a “lock” for Attorney General. A   Department of Justice will crack down on lawless sanctuary cities, help craft tougher sentences to penalize drug trafficking, and overhaul the department to answer voters’ calls for law and order. 7) Paul Ryan abandoning the   visa program. This visa program would have given 198, 000   jobs to migrants instead of unemployed or underemployed Americans. Ryan’s decision to not continue the   program may be a sign that one of the nation’s leading advocates for importing foreign workers may have learned a lesson or two. The     program allows companies to annually bring in 66, 000 foreign workers instead of hiring Americans. The program provides the companies with cheap seasonal workers, minimizes the need for companies to recruit and train Americans, and it also cuts the salaries paid to   American workers, say advocates. Ryan’s December 2015 language expanded the visa program by saying that foreign   workers would not count towards the annual 66, 000 limit if they had worked for a   employer during the prior three years. In effect, the “returning worker exemption” covertly quadrupled the size of the   program from 66, 000 visas per year up to 264, 000 visas per year. That is an increase of up to 198, 000 outsourcing visas each year. Ryan has retreated on his “  Plan” before Trump assumed office, but cautious voters should still assume that he adheres to his     immigration and amnesty beliefs.  8) The death of the bill promising to slash prison sentences for drug traffickers, including many illegal aliens. As murders rise in major cities and a raging opioid epidemic claims tens of thousands of lives, some Republicans partnered with Democrats to spring federal drug traffickers from prison. As Breitbart News has previously reported: Nearly a quarter of all inmates in federal prison are   according to the Federal Bureau of Prisons, most of which are Mexicans. The bill would have released illegal alien drug traffickers into American communities without requiring their deportations. Fortunately, under a Trump administration, the bill has virtually no chance of becoming law.",0
11073,The Zika Virus Is Harmless - It Does Not Cause Birth Defects - We Told You So,"The Zika Virus Is Harmless - It Does Not Cause Birth Defects - We Told You So   Moon of Alabama 

After nearly a year of causing hysteria, mass travel cancellations and unnecessary abortions it finally daunts to ""journalists"" and ""experts"" that the Zika virus is harmless. It can cause a very minor flue - two days of a low fever and uncomfortable feeling for a quarter of those infected - that is all. It does not cause, as was claimed by sensationalists in the media and various self-serving ""scientists"", birth defects like microcephaly. 
We told you so. 
The piece refereed to a Congressional Research Service report and various sound scientific papers. It concluded: There is absolutely no sane reason for the scary headlines and the panic they cause. 
The virus is harmless. It is possible, but seems for now very unlikely, that it affects some unborn children. There is absolutely no reason to be concerned about it. 
The artificial media panic continued and huge amounts of money were poured into dangerous insecticides to kill mosquitoes (and important pollinators) that did not do any harm. Indeed, generous use of some of these insecticides likely were the very cause of a blip in microencephaly cases in northeastern Brazil. 
In March we wrote: Reading About Zika May Hurt Your Brain . 
We listed 35 ""news"" headlines about potential catastrophes related to a Zika epidemic. The common factor - all those headlines included the miraculous little word may . The pieces were pure speculations though some quoted this or that ""expert"" who was hunting for new research funds or lobbying for some pharmaceutical or pesticide conglomerate. 
In June we added: Zika Virus Does Not Cause Birth Defects - Fighting It Probably Does . 
New serious research found what some people in Brazil had suspected from the very start of the small and strictly locally limited jump in microencephaly cases in Brazil: [D]octors in the Zika affected areas in Brazil pointed out that the real cause of somewhat increased microcephaly in the region was probably the insecticide pyriproxyfen, used to kill mosquito larvae in drinking water: The Brazilian doctors noted that the areas of northeast Brazil that had witnessed the greatest number of microcephaly cases match with areas where pyriproxyfen is added to drinking water in an effort to combat Zika-carrying mosquitoes . Pyriproxyfen is reported to cause malformations in mosquito larvae, and has been added to drinking water in the region for the past 18 months. 
Pyriproxyfen is produced by a Sumitomo Chemical - an important Japanese poison giant. It was therefore unsurprising that the New York Times and others called the doctors report a ""conspiracy theory"" and trotted out some ""experts"" to debunk it....But [s]cientist at the New England Complex Systems Institute also researched the pyriproxyfen thesis. They found : Pyriproxifen is an analog of juvenile hormone, which corresponds in mammals to regulatory molecules including retinoic acid, a vitamin A metabolite, with which it has cross-reactivity and whose application during development causes microcephaly . ...[T]ests of pyriproxyfen by the manufacturer, Sumitomo, widely quoted as giving no evidence for developmental toxicity, actually found some evidence for such an effect , including low brain mass and arhinencephaly—incomplete formation of the anterior cerebral hemispheres—in rat pups. Finally, the pyriproxyfen use in Brazil is unprecedented—it has never before been applied to a water supply on such a scale. ...Given this combination of information we strongly recommend that the use of pyriproxyfen in Brazil be suspended pending further investigation. 
Today the Washington Post finally admits that the Zika virus does not cause birth defects: [T]o the great bewilderment of scientists, the epidemic has not produced the wave of fetal deformities so widely feared when the images of misshapen infants first emerged from Brazil. 
Instead, Zika has left a puzzling and distinctly uneven pattern of damage across the Americas. According to the latest U.N. figures, of the 2,175 babies born in the past year with undersize heads or other congenital neurological damage linked to Zika, more than 75 percent have been clustered in a single region: northeastern Brazil. 
The localities where the flue virus occurred outside of a small area in Brazil saw no increase in birth defect numbers. The number of (naturally occurring) microcephality cases stayed constant despite a large increase in (harmless) Zika virus infections. The numbers in Brazil also turned out to be partially inflated because of a lack of standard diagnosis criteria and unreliable statistics. A factor we had pointed to in our very first piece. 
The WaPo piece today muses about several ""possible"" causes for the local increase in cases in northeastern Brazil that indeed happened. It quotes some of the very ""experts"", like from the pharmaceutical industry influenced CDC, that were wrong on the issue since the first panic headline. It strenuously avoids to even mention the most likely cause - the excessive local use of an insecticide that is supposed to cause birth defects - in developing mosquitoes. Thus the reporting is still void of journalistic ethics and irresponsible in its conclusions. 
It did not take much effort to get this right. An hour or two of skimming through publicly available sources of good standing, some basic higher education and sound reasoning was enough. But instead of doing such basic inquiries ""journalists"" and media ""served"" panic and speculations by biased ""experts"". Keep this story in mind for the next sensationalist onslaught of panic headline. There surely will be some ""interests"" behind those; just don't expect unbiased facts and basic logic reasoning. Share This Article...",0
11074,A Congressman Just Exposed The Republican Plot To Force Comey’s Attack On Hillary,"Comments 
Democratic Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-MD) was the ranking minority member on the House Benghazi committee, so he knows firsthand how Republican witch-hunts work from up close personal experience. 
On CNN’s New Day this morning, he revealed the real motivation behind the FBI Director’s stunningly improper memo to Congress last week. 
“I don’t think the American people have a clue how hard the Republicans – particularly on my committee – have been on the FBI. This is a man – Director Comey – who they loved. They said he was the greatest thing in the world, very honorable.” 
“When he came out with the decision in July to not prosecute Mrs. Clinton, they suddenly turned against him. He knows that if he makes any misstep, the Republicans are going to be all over him and they’re going to try and bring harm to him. The thing that he did say in our hearing, and it stuck with me, is that ‘there should not be a double standard to the disadvantage of Mrs. Clinton.'” 
Cummings is heavily implying that the FBI Director was so intimidated by Congressional Republicans and the threat of being dragged in front of a Congressional investigation committee himself that he caved in and fed them the kind of vaguely worded red meat memo the Trump campaign desperately needed to keep their failing campaign on life support. 
Even Comey himself admitted that his memo was going to be widely misinterpreted , which is probably why CNN’s host began her interview with Congressman Cummings by saying, “Trump is lying about the email probe.” 
It hasn’t taken long for the roof to cave in on Comey’s career anyway, as his obvious meddling in the election has drawn bipartisan complaints about illegal electioneering by the FBI Director, his former boss to condemn his actions and for the Senate minority leader Harry Reid to demand answers from the FBI about the Republican candidate’s love affair with Russian dictator Vladimir Putin. Reid’s point was not lost on the Congressman from Maryland who told CNN: 
“There has been a lot of information out there about Mr. Trump, Mr. Manafort and the Russian government and alleged attempts to take over our election. Members of Congress have asked for months, for the FBI to provide us with information if Mr. Trump, Mr. Manafort and any elements of the Russian government have any coordination or connection with each other.” 
“They have not given us one syllable. So the question here is: Do we have a double standard here?” 
Of course there’s a double standard! 
The FBI has a responsibility to keep certain things secret, and when it comes to partisan elections that responsibility is key to the ability of our electoral democracy’s basic functioning. Newsweek’s Kurt Eichenwald pointed out cogently that Republican George W. Bush was investigated by the FBI in 1996, prior to running for President. Yet, the Clinton White House didn’t grab his FBI file and air all of the dirty laundry claiming a very partisan need for transparency during an election. Otherwise, the FBI could decide to influence every election in America, and over time the FBI would pick the elected officials to their liking. 
Nothing can un-ring the bell that FBI Director Comey struck by letting loose his vague memo, but everyone can understand there is a sexist, partisan and blatant double standard at play by Republicans celebrating a vague memo, which only happened because an official sworn to be non-partisan decided he valued his political career more than the integrity of our electoral system. 
Watch it here:",0
11075,Russia-US Plutonium Deal No Longer In Effect,"Russia-US Plutonium Deal No Longer In Effect 11/02/2016 
RUSSIA TODAY President Vladimir Putin has signed an act suspending a 2000 agreement between the US and Russia on reprocessing weapons-grade plutonium extracted from decommissioned warheads. 
The bill has already been published on Russia’s official legal information website, meaning it’s now in force. 
It mentions that a decision to restore the agreement can only be made by Russia’s president. 
The deal between Moscow and Washington was ratified in 2000. As a means to safely utilize weapons-grade plutonium, it suggested a specific procedure to turn it into nuclear plant fuel. Starting from 2018, it was planned to reprocess 34 tons (68,000 pounds) of plutonium, which would have been enough to produce thousands of nuclear weapons, RIA Novosti reported. 
Yet, while Russia has prepared the infrastructure necessary for the process, the US said it found the procedure too costly and instead opted for mixing plutonium with special dilutants to store it indefinitely. 
Russia suspended the deal “ due to drastic changes of circumstances, the rise of threat to strategic stability as a result of hostile actions of the US towards the Russian Federation and the inability of the US to provide for the accepted obligations to utilize the excess weapons-grade plutonium in accordance with the agreement ,” the new bill read. 
For the agreement to be resumed, Washington should reduce the US military presence on the territory of NATO members that joined the bloc after 2000, cancel its Magnitsky Act which bans entry to the US to a list of Russian citizens, as well as lift other anti-Russian sanctions and compensate the loss Moscow suffered as a result of such policy. 
The bill on suspension – which is a “ forced measure ,” according to Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov – was first submitted by the president’s office earlier this month and then approved by parliament. 
Commenting on the suspension of the deal, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergey Ryabkov has said that it would not affect any of Moscow’s other commitments related to international nuclear security and does not interfere with the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.",0
11076,Wife and Her Lover Are Arrested in Killing of Greek Envoy in Brazil - The New York Times,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   The killing of the Greek ambassador was shocking even by the standards of this   city: Investigators say his wife had him murdered in a home they owned in Rio by her lover, a police officer, who then set the diplomat’s remains on fire. Police investigators on Friday arrested Françoise Oliveira, the Brazilian wife of the Greek envoy, Kyriakos Amiridis, and Sérgio Gomes Moreira, the officer who confessed to killing the ambassador while having an affair with Ms. Oliveira. “This was a tragic, cowardly act,” said Evaristo Magalhães, the lead investigator in the case. He said that Ms. Oliveira, 40, and Mr. Moreira, 29, plotted the killing on Sunday before the officer carried it out on Monday. Ms. Oliveira tried to mislead investigators by saying her husband, 59, had disappeared, Mr. Magalhães said, insisting that she was innocent before confessing on Friday that her lover had killed him. In tears, Ms. Oliveira said that the ambassador’s death “could not be avoided,” Mr. Magalhães said. The case provided a gruesome finish to the year, as Rio reels from a harrowing crime wave, a financial crisis and graft scandals, just months after hosting the Olympic Games. The suspected murder of the ambassador by an officer also trains scrutiny on Rio’s police forces, already under pressure over extrajudicial killings, torture, forming  militias and assassinating candidates in municipal elections. Ms. Oliveira is connected to another violent episode in Rio, the 2003 killing of Todd Staheli, an American executive for the oil giant Shell, and his wife, Michelle. The handyman who confessed to the murders was arrested after he allegedly jumped the wall into the nearby home where Ms. Oliveira lived with Mr. Amiridis, who was Greece’s consul in Rio at the time. “Until then, no one knew that Amiridis was married,” said Hildegard Angel, a columnist who writes about Rio’s   and diplomatic circles, describing the Greek diplomat as “outgoing and extremely charming. ” The police got a break in the killing of Mr. Amiridis when a man identified as a cousin of Mr. Moreira told investigators that Ms. Oliveira had offered him about $25, 000 to assist in the murder. The cousin, Eduardo Moreira de Melo, 24, was also arrested on Friday. Investigators found Mr. Amiridis’s charred remains on Thursday in a car abandoned near an overpass in Nova Iguaçu, a gritty city on the fringes of metropolitan Rio. While Mr. Amiridis and his wife lived in the capital, Brasília, Ms. Oliveira was from the Rio area and they were here to spend the holidays with relatives, according to the police. Investigators identified the car as the same vehicle Mr. Amiridis had rented in Rio, while obtaining images from security cameras in the gated community where the ambassador and his wife owned a home. The footage appeared to show Mr. Moreira and Mr. de Melo preparing to haul Mr. Amiridis’s body into the vehicle on Monday night. “We knew that police officer, he’d even been in our family’s home,” Rosângela Oliveira, Ms. Oliveira’s mother, told the newspaper Extra, explaining that the suspect had moonlighted as a security guard for a lawyer who is a friend of the family. “We just don’t know if the two really were having an affair. ” Mr. Magalhães, the police investigator, said that both Ms. Oliveira and Mr. Moreira had acknowledged being romantically involved over the last six months. “We’re trying to determine if Françoise wanted to kill the ambassador to take control of his assets and live with the police officer,” said Mr. Magalhães. He said that Ms. Oliveira had also contended that she had been battered by her husband, but that authorities had not found any indication that she had pressed charges against him. According to his official biography, Mr. Amiridis studied law at Aristotle University of Thessaloniki and received a master’s degree in European law from the Sorbonne in Paris before doing postgraduate work in international penal law. He began his career as an attaché at the Foreign Ministry in Athens. His first posting abroad was in 1988 at the Greek Embassy in Belgrade, then the capital of Yugoslavia and now of Serbia. In 1993, he joined the Greek delegation to the European Union, based in Brussels. From 2001 to 2004, Mr. Amiridis was the Greek consul general in Rio, a period during which he met Ms. Oliveira. This year, he returned to Brazil as the ambassador. He and his wife lived in Brasília with their daughter. Between the Brazil stints, Mr. Amiridis was Greece’s consul general in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, and ambassador to Libya, among other postings. In a statement, Greece’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs expressed sorrow over the killing of Mr. Amiridis, who had been lauded for his role in the evacuation of Greeks and other foreigners in Libya in 2014 during the continuing civil war there.",0
11077,Хорошее худым не назовут,"Наука и техника 
Исследователи из Ирландии встали на тропу войны с женским недугом современности – безумным похудением. Эксперты заявили, что им удалось изобрести чудодейственный препарат, регулирующий в организме человека уровень загадочного гормона грелина – «повелителя голода и аппетита». Предполагается, что инновационный медикамент станет спасением для барышень, страдающих анорексией. 
У пациенток после ирландского чудо-средства появится нормальный аппетит. Любая 40-килограммовая дюймовочка, которая долгие годы работала над собой, чтобы добиться торчащих рёбер и впалых щёк, вдруг начнёт грезить о своём злейшем враге – о еде! Тростиночке вместо традиционного салатного листика вдруг захочется чего-нибудь существенного – жирного борща со шкварками, например. Да-да, сотни калорий в одной несчастной плошке. Но кто же думает о калорийности еды после долгого мучительного голодания? 
Не верится, что ирландским учёным удастся в наше время много заработать на таблетке для «потолстения». А как же золотые слова супермодели Кейт Мосс: «Нет ничего вкуснее, чем чувствовать себя худой»? Да некоторые худышки считают эту цитату своим жизненным кредо. Малоежки ни за что не поменяют завидную аристократическую костистость на что-то банальное, вроде свиной котлеты. Как же трогательные статусы в социальных сетях: «Голод – твой друг, он не предаст тебя, как еда», «Мир анорексии – мир гламура, выбившийся из потока обычной жизни», У меня есть преимущество – я худая»? А если с обладательницей неотразимых ножек-спичек на фоне приёма ирландских пилюль произойдёт страшная катастрофа – плюс 20 сантиметров в талии? А если жертва диет, истосковавшаяся по вкусностям, настолько пристрастится к еде, что потеряет голову – и превратится в заложницу холодильника? Коварный гормон грелин уж очень любит пошалить. 
Желание соответствовать идеалу глянцевой красоты доводит девушек не только до анорексии, но и до противоположного расстройства пищевого поведения – булимии. Пациенты с этой странной хворью, которая дословно переводится как «волчий голод», склонны к неконтролируемому обжорству, «пищевым срывам» и вечно плохому настроению. Благо, про них тоже позаботились учёные. В прошлом году всезнающие исследователи Англии, решив, что клин клином вышибают, изобрели волшебный … суп от булимии. В состав блюда входит особый вид крахмала, способствующий быстрому наступлению чувства насыщения. 
Британские эксперты в вопросах диетологии настолько увлеклись производством диетического питания, что помимо супа изобрели ещё несколько продуктов для похудения: хлеб, йогурт и коктейль. Осталось только представить миру жиросжигающую картошку-фри и антицеллюлитное пирожное – и исполнится мечта всех худеющих дам. В сочетании с низкокалорийной колой такие продукты будущего, пожалуй, пойдут на ура! 
Питаться нормально – умеренно и без всякого фанатизма – непростое дело. На эту тему есть хороший «стишок»: 
когда идёшь чеканным шагом из всех углов так вкусно пахнет нельзёй 
В наш век изобрели множество средств для коррекции фигуры – от чая до вибропояса. Новости с пометкой «шок», вещающие миру об очередном средстве против лишних килограммов, появляются в сети с завидным постоянством. Вес и похудение, формы и рельефы, салаты и тортики – мы чересчур много думаем о пустых вещах. Отсутствие каши и винегрета в голове куда ценнее содержимого наших тарелок. Наполненный едой холодильник – это огромный соблазн и большая проблема лишь для тех, кто не желает наполнить радостью жизнь.",0
11078,Grassroot Voter Fraud Investigation Hacked,"Grassroot Voter Fraud Investigation Hacked Election monitoring group hacked after exposing faulty electronic voting machines The Alex Jones Show - October 27, 2016 Comments 
Roger Stone talks about what’s been happening with his attempts to monitor and keep the election honest. NEWSLETTER SIGN UP Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars Crew. Related Articles Download on your mobile device now for free. Today on the Show Top Stories Top Stories Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars crew. From the store Expert: Trump has Already Won Election - See the rest on the Alex Jones YouTube channel . The Most Offensive Halloween EVER! - See the rest on the Alex Jones YouTube channel . ILLUSTRATION How much will your healthcare premiums rise in 2017? >25% © 2016 Infowars.com is a Free Speech Systems, LLC Company. All rights reserved. Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice. 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force",0
11079,The Smoking Gun: Cheryl Mills Tells Podesta “We Need To Clean This Up – Obama Has Emails From Her” (VIDEO),"By: Tyler Durden, Zero Hedge | Recall that in a March 2015 interview with CBS, just after the NYT reported of Hillary’s use of a private email server, president Obama told the American public he had only learned about Hillary’s “unusual” arrangement from the press. As we further reminded readers one month ago, CBS News senior White House correspondent Bill Plante asked Mr. Obama when he learned about her private email system after his Saturday appearance in Selma, Alabama. “ The same time everybody else learned it through news reports ,” the president told Plante. “ The policy of my administration is to encourage transparency, which is why my emails, the BlackBerry I carry around, all those records are available and archived ,” Mr. Obama said. “I’m glad that Hillary instructed that those emails about official business need to be disclosed.” Unfortunately, the “transparency” of the Obama administration was severely tarnished in late September , when in the FBI’s interview notes with Huma Abedin released by the FBI it was first revealed that Obama had used a pseudonymous email account: “Once informed that the sender’s name is believed to be pseudonym used by the president, Abedin exclaimed: ‘How is this not classified?'” the report says. “Abedin then expressed her amazement at the president’s use of a pseudonym and asked if she could have a copy of the email.” To be sure, this was not definitive evidence that Obama was aware of Hillary’s email server, nor that there may have been collusion between the president and the Clinton campaign. That changed today, however, when in the latest Podesta dump we learn that in an email from Cheryl Mills to John Podesta , the Clinton aide upon learning what Obama had just said… … countered with something quite stunning: we need to clean this up – he has emails from her – they do not say state.gov That, ladies and gentlemen, is proof that the president not only lied, but did so with the clear intention of protecting the Clinton campaign. As a further reminder, Politico previously reported that the State Department had refused to make public that and other emails Clinton exchanged with Obama. Lawyers cited the “presidential communications privilege,” a variation of executive privilege, in order to withhold the messages under the Freedom of Information Act. It is therefore unknown what the president’s “alternative” email account was, or who hosted it. This also explains why in a prior Wikileak, Podesta told Mills in an email titled “Special Category” that she thinks “ we should hold emails to and from potus? That’s the heart of his exec privilege. We could get them to ask for that. They may not care, but I(t) seems like they will. ” Mills did not respond by email. The Clinton-Obama emails were turned over to the State Department, which later announced it would not release them. * * * So just how did Mills and Podesta “clean up” the fact that Obama lied to the American people, a tactic some could allege is evidence of an attempt to cover up a presidential lie to protect Hillary Clinton. What we do know, and we assume this is completely unrelated, between March 25-31, just a couple of weeks after Mills said “we need to clean this up,” Bleachbit was used to wipe Hillary’s private server clean. But of course, that is purely a coincidence. Since we are confident others will also demand an answer, in light of the latest revelation hinting at a collusive cover up extending to the very top of US government, or as Cheryl Mills dubbed it a “clean up”, perhaps it is time for the State Depratment to unveil just what was said between the president and the Clinton campaign? Submit your review",0
11080,DNC/Podesta Leaked Emails Source Revealed,"Dispatches from STEPHEN LENDMAN H illary and others irresponsibly accused Russia for the damning leaked emails – aiming to distract attention from her wrongdoing. Sputnik News interviewed former UK ambassador to Uzbekistan Craig Murray. He explained “(t)he source of these emails and leaks has nothing to do with Russia at all.” 
“I discovered what the source was when I attended the Sam Adam’s whistleblower award in Washington,” he explained. “The source of these emails comes from within official circles in Washington DC. You should look to Washington not to Moscow… WikiLeaks has never published any material received from the Russian government or from any proxy of the Russian government. It’s simply a completely untrue claim designed to divert attention from the content of the material.” 
The pieces are in place to assure a Hillary victory on Tuesday. But the system is now so broken due to rifts inside the ruling class, that surprises might be inevitable. Photo by IoSonoUnaFotoCamera 
Hillary, campaign aides, DNC officials and media scoundrel press agents irresponsibly blame Russia working collaboratively with Trump. The Big Lie repeated enough gets most people to believe it. Given Hillary’s unpopularity, maybe the tactic is less effective in her case. Whistleblower insiders uncover important information everyone has a right to know. They leak it to sources like WikiLeaks. Julian Assange and others working with him then publish it – including a treasure trove of damning Hillary and Podesta emails. … Will it make a difference next Tuesday? Not if things are rigged for her as Trump claims. If he loses and challenges the outcome, things could get pretty dicey ahead. NOTE: ALL IMAGE CAPTIONS, PULL QUOTES AND COMMENTARY BY THE EDITORS, NOT THE AUTHORS ABOUT THE AUTHOR STEPHEN LENDMAN lives in Chicago. He can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net . His new book as editor and contributor is titled “Flashpoint in Ukraine: US Drive for Hegemony Risks WW III.” ( http://www.claritypress.com/LendmanIII.html ) Visit his blog site at sjlendman.blogspot.com . =SUBSCRIBE TODAY! NOTHING TO LOSE, EVERYTHING TO GAIN.= free • safe • invaluable If you appreciate our articles, do the right thing and let us know by subscribing. It’s free and it implies no obligation to you— ever. We just want to have a way to reach our most loyal readers on important occasions when their input is necessary. In return you get our email newsletter compiling the best of The Greanville Post several times a week.",0
11081,"Hillary Clinton Wants a Strong Russia. Wait, what did she say?","a reply to: Violater1 She wants your vote. And she will say anything to get it. She changes her mind as fast as public opinion changes. ROFL Damm - If we could get someone in office who would change their opinion to public opinion AND FOLLOW THROUGH, they would be my hero. They spend all their money finding out what we want, then they lie. Why can't we just get a representative in office? edit on 26-10-2016 by Isurrender73 because: (no reason given)",0
11083,The Media Hysteria and Dishonesty On Trump Has Backfired,"Here's something interesting from The Unz Review... Recipient Name => Credit: VDare.com. 
From the start of Donald Trump’s campaign, the media have covered him dishonestly. They have consistently portrayed him as a closet “white supremacist” who deliberately appeals to “ racists .” They have tried to tie him to a wicked movement known as the “Alt-Right.” They are now working on another dishonest angle: that Donald Trump is “mainstreaming hate” and bringing “racism” into public discourse. The media clearly want to stampede voters into Mrs. Clinton’s camp so as to spare us the agony of a “racist” in the White House. 
The demonization campaign has backfired. By trying to hang racial dissidents around Donald Trump’s neck, the media have given American Renaissance and other organizations far more publicity than ever before. At the same time, constant shouts of “racist” and “bigot” don’t seem to hurt Mr. Trump: instead they are wrecking what is left of media credibility. The biggest irony, though, is that Donald Trump is probably not one of us at all. But even small deviations from the cast-iron orthodoxy of race are enough to plunge our rulers into dark fantasies about Donald Trump as a secret David Duke fan. 
Media dishonesty started immediately. When Mr. Trump pointed out that some immigrants from Mexico were criminals, the press acted as if he had said all Mexican immigrants are criminals. Then, when alert news hounds discovered that those of us they love to call “haters” and “white supremacists” liked Mr. Trump, there was no end of articles with titles such as : “ Meet the Horde of Neo-Nazis, Klansmen, and Other Extremist Leaders Endorsing Donald Trump ,” “ Top Racists And Neo-Nazis Back Donald Trump ,” “ ‘Heil Donald Trump’: Neo-Nazis, White Supremacists Show Support ,” and “ The White Nationalists Who Support Donald Trump .” 
These articles had a simpleminded purpose: discredit Mr. Trump by parading before the reader any Nazi, Kluxer, or racially conscious white person who had anything nice to say about the candidate. The implication was that if “racists” were going to vote for Donald Trump he must be “racist,” too. 
This was deceitful and one-sided. When the chairman of the American Communist Party endorsed Hillary Clinton , no one suggested this meant she was a communist. 
It is true that Mr. Trump gave the media just enough of an excuse to pretend he really is a closet “bigot” because he did not repudiate “racists” with the snorts of indignation respectability requires. There was the famous exchange in February when a reporter pushed Mr. Trump to disavow an endorsement from David Duke. As The Hill reported it: “ ‘David Duke endorsed me? OK, alright. I disavow, OK?’ Trump said, seeking to quickly move on to another question.” 
That same month, there was another famous exchange with Jake Tapper of CNN : 
Tapper: Will you unequivocally condemn David Duke and say that you don’t want his vote or that of other white supremacists in this election? 
Donald Trump: Well just so you understand, I don’t know anything about David Duke, OK? I don’t know anything about what you’re even talking about with white supremacy or white supremacists. So, I don’t know. I don’t know, did he endorse me, or what’s going on? Because, you know, I know nothing about David Duke. I know nothing about white supremacists. 
The media leaped on these exchanges with shouts of joy . “Trump refuses to disavow white supremacists! That’s because he is one!” 
There are far better explanations. First, Donald Trump is a pugnacious man. He doesn’t like being pushed around by anyone, especially not by journalists who hate him . If Mr. Tapper had belligerently demanded that Mr. Trump agree that the sky is blue, Mr. Trump would have bridled at that. 
Second, Donald Trump probably doesn’t know anything about David Duke or white supremacy. I would be astonished if he has ever looked into the thinking of David Duke or any other alleged “white supremacist.” It is his feistiness and his ignorance of white advocacy that explain his answers, not some carefully concealed racial consciousness. 
The press has also pounced on Donald Trump’s retweets of “racist” material, which is supposed to be yet more proof that he is a secret supremacist. Business Insider, for example, published this shocking story: “ 5 times Donald Trump has engaged with alt-right racists on Twitter .” Not one of these tweets is obviously “racist,” and it would be surprising if Mr. Trump or his skeleton staff took the time to vet the sources of the thousands of tweets @realDonaldTrump has sent during the campaign. 
Now the press is working on another smear-Trump angle. Recently, I have been contacted by journalists from such places as Bloomberg News, Reuters, and the New York Times , who clearly want to write that Donald Trump is “mainstreaming hate,” that he is responsible for a huge surge in the Alt-Right. They want to know about all the people who have been flocking to AmRen.com because of what Donald Trump says. They want me to tell them about people who have been “emboldened” to “speak out against minorities” because Donald Trump has led the way. They would love to find someone who now thinks he is free to run down the street shouting “nigger!” because Mr. Trump wants to take a hard look at Muslim immigrants. 
I have explained to them as patiently as I can that they have it the wrong way around. No one comes looking for AmRen.com because Donald Trump wants to build a wall. They come looking for us because the media have written about us in their attempt to convince the world that Mr. Trump is a “racist.” They come looking for us because Mrs. Clinton kindly called attention to us by complaining about the Alt-Right and her “basket of deplorables.” I also try to explain that if the media had not launched its malicious campaign of trying to hold Donald Trump responsible for the views of certain people who support him, few people would have heard of the Alt-Right. In their zeal to paint their enemy in the darkest colors, they are promoting the Alt-Right, not Donald Trump. 
I explain that racial dissent has been growing like never before, for reasons that have nothing to do with the campaign. It is Trayvon Martin , Michael Brown , Black Lives Matter, and black rioters who are sending hundreds of thousands of frustrated white people our way– not Donald Trump. This will not change whether Mr. Trump wins or loses. The top landing pages on AmRen.com are analyses of race and crime–something Mr. Trump never talks about. 
I also explain to reporters that it is idiotic to think Mr. Trump has mainstreamed “hate,” by which they mean sensible observations about race. I ask them to name a single person who has been “emboldened” to say something “racist” just because Donald Trump is the GOP nominee. Of course, they can’t. If anything, it is the opposite. Mr. Trump has been called every name under the sun for the mildest, most common-sense observations about Muslims and immigration. Anyone tempted to come out of the closet is likely to hesitate more than ever. Things could change if Mr. Trump becomes president, but the candidate himself has done very little to spread our ideas. 
What Donald Trump has done is spark an unprecedented interest in politics among disaffected young people who recognize that Mitt Romney and John McCain are no different from Barack Obama when it comes to preserving whites, their society, and their culture. I know a number of millennials who never bothered to vote before but who certainly will in November. I know some who have made their first political contribution or who have spent weekends volunteering for the Trump campaign. 
I point out to reporters that this is what elections are supposed to be all about: giving the voters real choices. I note that the Trump/Clinton contest will almost certainly produce a record voter turnout for a modern election. Haven’t our rulers been wringing their hands over a lack of political engagement, especially among the young? Well, now they have engagement, alright, but they don’t like it. They don’t like it because so many people are stumping for the candidate they love to call a “ threat to democracy .” Liberals are such transparent hypocrites. They claim to love democracy, but suddenly start worrying about its health if the people refuse vote the way they tell them to. 
The whole Trump-is-a-racist fracas shows just how painfully fragile orthodoxy has become. I may be wrong, but I have no reason to think Donald Trump thinks at all as we do. He has never said or done anything to suggest he is anything more than an ordinary American with normal instincts: He doesn’t want criminals sneaking across the border, he thinks sanctuary cities for illegals are crazy, he doesn’t see why we need more Muslims, and he is angry when immigrants go on welfare. Millions of ordinary Americans clearly agree with him, and not because they are racially aware. It is because they are decent, fair-minded people who also have a nagging sense that the country is changing in unwelcome ways. 
I am convinced that Mr. Trump does not have a sophisticated understanding of race. So far as I can tell, he doesn’t have a sophisticated understanding of much of anything. He has stumbled by instinct onto a few sensible policies that white advocates have been promoting for a long time, but not because he is one of us. 
Maybe–just maybe–he will move in our direction. It’s not impossible to imagine a President Trump asking, in an offhand way, “What’s wrong with white people wanting to remain a majority in the United States?” Or he might casually note that you can’t expect as many blacks as Asians in AP classes because they don’t have the same levels of intelligence. But I can imagine the opposite, too: President Trump so bogged down in Beltway baloney that he never even builds the wall. 
There is one thing that Donald Trump has changed. He has proven that Republican bromides about taxes and small government don’t excite people. He has proven that there is tremendous anger against political insiders of both parties. He has proven that Americans do want their country to come first. They don’t want it to try to save the world or to be a dumping ground for people who have wrecked their own countries. 
And even if he has not “mainstreamed racism,” he has shown that if you have a backbone you can withstand what is surely the most intense and concentrated program of hate ever directed at an American. On October 11, Roger Cohen wrote in the New York Times that Donald Trump is a “phony, liar, blowhard, cheat, bully, misogynist, demagogue, predator, bigot, bore, egomaniac, racist, sexist, sociopath,” and a “dictator-in-waiting with a brat’s temper and a prig’s scowl.” [ Trumpism After Trump ] This must be one of the most unhinged, hysterical outbursts in the history of American political journalism. And it is unusual only for its wordiness, not its tone. 
Don’t the editors of the Times realize that this kind of frothing explains why more Americans believe in Bigfoot (29 percent) than trust newspapers (20 percent)? Virtually the entire industry is so consumed with rage at Donald Trump and contempt for his supporters that it cannot control itself. Open, petulant bias is driving more and more Americans to social media and to sites like AmRen.com for their news. 
Despite the concerted shrieking of virtually the entire American ruling class, Donald Trump is going to get close to half of the vote on November 8. Some 60 million people are going to vote for a man for whom Roger Cohen [ ] has emptied his dictionary trying to insult. Only one major newspaper has endorsed Donald Trump. Only one . And this is a man whom the American people might choose as their president. What better proof could we have of the stark difference between printed opinion and public opinion, between what Americans think and what our rulers want us to think? Donald Trump has ripped away whatever was left of the pretense of media objectivity. 
Whether he wins or not, whether he is one of us or not, Donald Trump has laid bare the collusion between big media and a political system in which both parties collaborate to run the country in their interests and those of their big donors. Voters–finally–have a chance to vote against the entire corrupt system. On November 8th they could bring it crashing down, but even if it still stands, it is visibly weakened, badly discredited. These are the perfect conditions in which our ideas will flourish as never before. 
Jared Taylor [ Email him ] is editor of American Renaissance and the author of Paved With Good Intentions: The Failure of Race Relations in Contemporary America . (For Peter Brimelow’s review, click here .) His most recent book is White Identity . (Reprinted from VDare.com by permission of author or representative)",0
11084,House Republicans Plan Secret Meeting To Discuss Overthrowing Paul Ryan,"By Jason Easley on Tue, Nov 1st, 2016 at 9:38 pm The more things change, the more they stay the same. The House Freedom Caucus is planning a secret meeting, which in typical Republican fashion was leaked to the press, to discuss ousting Paul Ryan and demanding more ransom from GOP leadership. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
The more things change, the more they stay the same. The House Freedom Caucus is planning a secret meeting, which in typical Republican fashion was leaked to the press, to discuss ousting Paul Ryan and demanding more ransom from GOP leadership. 
Politico reported , “One of the most pressing questions preoccupying Washington is what the group will do about Paul Ryan. The Wisconsin Republican has said he intends to seek another term as House speaker but has rankled members of the group of several dozen Republican lawmakers that drove John Boehner out of the Speakership last year. The Freedom Caucus is also weighing proposals meant to empower its members, some at the expense of GOP leadership’s authority.” 
There have been early rumblings that Speaker Ryan may be open to making a few deals on policies like tax reform with Hillary Clinton if she wins the election. One of the reasons why these deals may never happen is because of the ability of far right Republicans to cause trouble. 
If Ryan’s Republican majority shrinks, he will be an even bigger hostage to the far-right wing of his caucus. The dysfunctional dynamic in the House is going to continue even if Hillary Clinton wins the election. Ryan has run into the same hurdles that John Boehner faced. House Republicans are deeply divided and unable to agree on much of anything. 
The fact that the Freedom Caucus is holding a secret meeting is a sign that nothing is going to change. If Paul Ryan doesn’t cave to their demands, they will force Ryan out of the Speaker position. 
A group of House Republicans is plotting new ways to keep the House from working properly before a new president has even been elected. 
This is a reminder that Washington is fine. It’s the Republican Party that’s broken.",0
11085,"Fire, Film, Tweet: The Taliban’s New Way of War - The New York Times","KABUL, Afghanistan  —   Taliban fighters posed for the camera, their shawls and bandannas covering their identities but not their jubilation, as they captured the main roundabout in the northern Afghan city of Kunduz early this month in what could have been called “operation hoist the flag and pull out a smartphone. ” The shaky cellphone video directly contradicted Afghan and American military spokesmen, who were promising that Kunduz was safe from falling for a second time in one year. During the invasion, insurgents   their victory and flooded social media with videos, often shot by fighters narrating their movements in close to real time. In the video from the roundabout, one of the many fighters in the background is heard saying into a phone: “I will call you back. The flag is going up. I have to film it. ” It was not an isolated incident. When the Afghan government said the insurgents were far from the southern provincial capital of Lashkar Gah, the Taliban quickly put out a video showing a fighter driving around the city’s outskirts in a seized government Humvee, steering wheel in one hand and microphone in the other. The video, shown below, was aimed at displaying the ease with which Taliban fighters were moving near the city. But it also rubbed salt on the wound: The Taliban are making constant use of the American equipment they have captured from Afghan forces, including the Humvee the fighter was driving. Increasingly, the Taliban  —   who, when they controlled the government, banned television and jailed people for photography  —   rely on their   fighters not only to gain territory and strike at the Afghan security forces, but also to record the moment and share it. It appears that they are drawing inspiration from the Islamic State’s   strategy. In the past, the Taliban released elaborate videos of suicide bombings long after the fact, their material falling far short of the Islamic State’s slick production values. Recently, though, they have been aiming for     updates and have greatly improved on quality. A few days ago, the insurgents released footage filmed by   cameras of a suicide car bomb targeting the Nawa district center in Helmand Province. In a country where social media use is becoming more and more vital, the Taliban are making sure to flood the information channels with their message. And with the government already on the defensive both on the battlefield and in the fight over perceptions, the insurgents are also going out of their way to deny the government access to those channels. In places like Helmand Province, as soon as the fighting intensifies, the Taliban force the cellphone network providers to shut down their signal towers. Government officials struggle to get their message out, with local officials and press officers often out of reach. “We don’t touch their towers, but we tell them to stop the signals of certain towers close to the battlefield,” the Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid said. He said they had appointed media officers on the front lines because “we want to fill the vacuum ourselves. ” Physically, too, they have limited the reach and movement of the Afghan government over the past year. The insurgents have often cut off the main highways and sometimes struck government convoys on them, starting firefights with Afghan forces like the one this video shows near the main highway in Baghlan Province. By sharing videos of such acts, the Taliban clearly want to highlight the vulnerability of the Afghan forces’ supply chain. In the early days of the war, there was a motto that rolled off military tongues: the battle for hearts and minds. In the war’s 15th year, many here feel that the Afghan and coalition forces have given up on those hearts and minds in the countryside, where the public has been trampled by both sides. The government that was supposed to be a better alternative has let people down with corruption and abuse, and has now limited its ambitions to just hanging on  —   concentrating force around urban centers and hoping for a political resolution to the war. The Taliban’s effective turn to social media tactics does not change the fact that, ideologically, they represent a dark past. “Their propaganda is aimed at their own fighters  —   they want to exaggerate their victories to give them morale and to create fear,” said Sediq Sediqqi, the spokesman for the Afghan Ministry of Interior, who has a unit of his own for the online battle. “They cannot win over the people with such propaganda. ” Still, for the most part, the government’s public communication is stilted, and often limited to bombastic slogans or undeliverable promises that do not match the reality that most of the Afghan people are living. By owning the information channels moment to moment, the Taliban are spreading the perception that they are of putting the government on the defensive beyond the battlefield, in a way that resonates with a growing segment of the Afghan public. And little has been done so far to counter it.",0
11086,New organic and water-rich fertilizer will help farmers in drought areas,"New organic and water-rich fertilizer will help farmers in drought areas 
  food waste , organic fertilizer , drought (NaturalNews) California, the top farm area of the U.S., is struggling under the pressure of a persistent drought. With no end in sight, farmers see their yields declining and are forced to drill more wells, pumping billions of gallons of water from the ground to irrigate their thirsty crops. Even before the drought, these groundwater reservoirs were already in a critically low state.Furthermore, drought-stricken farmers are forced to use more chemical fertilizers , which contribute to greenhouse gas emissions, which in their turn worsen the ongoing drought effects.And it doesn't stop there. The U.S. has a mind-boggling food waste problem. As reported by ReFED, an organization that raises awareness of the excessive food waste problem, the U.S. spends $218 billion a year on growing, processing, transporting and disposing of 63 million tons of food that never make it to our kitchen tables.But there is hope. One team of entrepreneurs and investors may have found the solution to protecting our food chain, while addressing the issues of the ongoing drought and food wastage. The new miracle: organic fertilizer California Safe Soil , a California-based fresh food recycling business, recently teamed up with KDC Agribusiness , an investment group that mainly focuses on sustainable and environmental technologies. Together, they have developed a new technology which may solve the water crisis, over-fertilization and food wastage. The new fertilizer that they hope to bring to the market soon is both organic and water-rich. Tech Crunch reported that the commercialization of this miracle fertilizer might solve three problems our world faces today. Firstly, it puts food waste to better use without filling up the landfills that contribute to greenhouse gas emissions. Secondly, it enables farmers to use an organic fertilizer that doesn't pollute the environment. Lastly, farmers have to use less water, which is a welcome solution for the drought-stricken areas of our nation.This new organic and water-rich fertilizer is the result of years of hard work initiated by California Safe Soil's founder, Dan Morash.""[Morash] saw the food waste to energy facilities and realized that food has a lot of water in it... So if you burn it, you don't create the most efficient source of energy,"" said Justin Kamine, the driving force behind KDC Ag. From trash to food Leading scientists and engineers from California Safe Soil (CSS) based their organic and sustainable farming technology on our body's digestive tract. It can process all types of fresh food waste, including dairy and meat, in just three hours.The food waste, picked up from grocery stores across the country, is mixed with a unique set of enzymes that breaks down waste material. The result is a liquid byproduct that can be used as an organic , non-chemical fertilizer, called Harvest-to-Harvest (H2H).At the moment, H2H is being utilized by farmers across the nation to fertilize about 15,000 acres of farmland. Because the fertilizer is a pasteurized (pathogen-free) liquid, farmers can easily apply it to their fields through their drip irrigation lines, which also minimizes the need to rotate crops, as soil nutrients can immediately be replenished after each crop cycle.Third-party field trials have already shown that farmers using H2H are benefiting from an increase in crop yield per acre. Additionally, they're using 25 percent less water – which is good news for drought-stricken California – while reducing their need for the harmful nitrogen-rich products they used before.  ",0
11087,VIDEO: Group of Men Brutally Assault Man Who Offers to Pay for Their Meal at Brooklyn Fast Food Restaurant - Breitbart,"A man was brutally assaulted by a group of men at a Brooklyn fast food restaurant after he offered to do a good deed for them. [VIDEO: “Victim Describes Brutal Beating at Brooklyn Restaurant”  The group of men beat the    customer with his cane after he offered to pay for their meal, the New York Daily News reported. As the victim lay bleeding on the ground, two customers walked by him and ordered food like nothing happened, police said. “Can I get No. 12?” one woman asked a cashier, while the victim lay in a fetal position behind her. Police released video Tuesday showing part of the beating, which took place around 7:30 March 1 at Texas Chicken  Burgers on Ocean Ave. and Church Ave. The victim was sitting in a booth near the cashier’s counter when two men walked in. One of the men said loudly that no one would give him a dollar, sources said. The victim offered to help when the man went off on a tirade against the victim, saying, “I’ve got money, I’ve got money,” and “Mind your fucking business!” Shortly thereafter, the two men started punching the victim and hitting him with his cane, sources said. When the victim swung his cane back at the attackers, two more men piled on, punching and kicking him in the head and body. The group dragged the victim to the front door and left him there. Before police arrived, another man ransacked the victim’s pockets to steal his belongings. Police sources said people kept stepping over the victim before they arrived to help him. The victim was taken to a nearby hospital where he was treated for broken bones, including his nose, and cuts and bruises, police said. He is in stable condition.  ",0
11088,"Donald Trump Tax Records Show He Could Have Avoided Taxes for Nearly Two Decades, The Times Found - The New York Times","Donald J. Trump declared a $916 million loss on his 1995 income tax returns, a tax deduction so substantial it could have allowed him to legally avoid paying any federal income taxes for up to 18 years, records obtained by The New York Times show. The 1995 tax records, never before disclosed, reveal the extraordinary tax benefits that Mr. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, derived from the financial wreckage he left behind in the early 1990s through mismanagement of three Atlantic City casinos, his   foray into the airline business and his   purchase of the Plaza Hotel in Manhattan. Tax experts hired by The Times to analyze Mr. Trump’s 1995 records said that tax rules especially advantageous to wealthy filers would have allowed Mr. Trump to use his $916 million loss to cancel out an equivalent amount of taxable income over an   period. Although Mr. Trump’s taxable income in subsequent years is as yet unknown, a $916 million loss in 1995 would have been large enough to wipe out more than $50 million a year in taxable income over 18 years. The $916 million loss certainly could have eliminated any federal income taxes Mr. Trump otherwise would have owed on the $50, 000 to $100, 000 he was paid for each episode of “The Apprentice,” or the roughly $45 million he was paid between 1995 and 2009 when he was chairman or chief executive of the publicly traded company he created to assume ownership of his troubled Atlantic City casinos. Ordinary investors in the new company, meanwhile, saw the value of their shares plunge to 17 cents from $35. 50, while scores of contractors went unpaid for work on Mr. Trump’s casinos and casino bondholders received pennies on the dollar. “He has a vast benefit from his destruction” in the early 1990s, said one of the experts, Joel Rosenfeld, an assistant professor at New York University’s Schack Institute of Real Estate. Mr. Rosenfeld offered this description of what he would advise a client who came to him with a tax return like Mr. Trump’s: “Do you realize you can create $916 million in income without paying a nickel in taxes?” Mr. Trump declined to comment on the documents. Instead, the campaign released a statement that neither challenged nor confirmed the $916 million loss. “Mr. Trump is a   businessman who has a fiduciary responsibility to his business, his family and his employees to pay no more tax than legally required,” the statement said. “That being said, Mr. Trump has paid hundreds of millions of dollars in property taxes, sales and excise taxes, real estate taxes, city taxes, state taxes, employee taxes and federal taxes. ” The statement continued, “Mr. Trump knows the tax code far better than anyone who has ever run for President and he is the only one that knows how to fix it. ” Separately, a lawyer for Mr. Trump, Marc E. Kasowitz, emailed a letter to The Times arguing that publication of the records is illegal because Mr. Trump has not authorized the disclosure of any of his tax returns. Mr. Kasowitz threatened “prompt initiation of appropriate legal action. ” Mr. Trump’s refusal to make his tax returns public  —   breaking with decades of tradition in presidential contests  —   has emerged as a central issue in the campaign, with a majority of voters saying he should release them. Mr. Trump has declined to do so, and has said he is being audited by the Internal Revenue Service. At last Monday’s presidential debate, when Hillary Clinton suggested Mr. Trump was refusing to release his tax returns so voters would not know “he’s paid nothing in federal taxes,” and when she also pointed out that Mr. Trump had once revealed to casino regulators that he paid no federal income taxes in the late 1970s, Mr. Trump retorted, “That makes me smart. ” The tax experts consulted by The Times said nothing in the 1995 documents suggested any wrongdoing by Mr. Trump, even if the extraordinary size of the loss he declared would have probably attracted extra scrutiny from I. R. S. examiners. “The I. R. S. when they see a negative $916 million, that has to pop out,” Mr. Rosenfeld said. The documents examined by The Times represent a small fraction of the voluminous tax returns Mr. Trump would have filed in 1995. The documents consisted of three pages from what appeared to be Mr. Trump’s 1995 tax returns. The pages were mailed last month to Susanne Craig, a reporter at The Times who has written about Mr. Trump’s finances. The documents were the first page of a New York State resident income tax return, the first page of a New Jersey nonresident tax return and the first page of a Connecticut nonresident tax return. Each page bore the names and Social Security numbers of Mr. Trump and Marla Maples, his wife at the time. Only the New Jersey form had what appeared to be their signatures. The three documents arrived by mail at The Times with a postmark indicating they had been sent from New York City. The return address claimed the envelope had been sent from Trump Tower. On Wednesday, The Times presented the tax documents to Jack Mitnick, a lawyer and certified public accountant who handled Mr. Trump’s tax matters for more than 30 years, until 1996. Mr. Mitnick was listed as the preparer on the New Jersey tax form. Mr. Mitnick, 80, now semiretired and living in Florida, said that while he no longer had access to Mr. Trump’s original returns, the documents appeared to be authentic copies of portions of Mr. Trump’s 1995 tax returns. Mr. Mitnick said the signature on the tax preparer line of the New Jersey tax form was his, and he readily explained an obvious anomaly in the way especially large numbers appeared on the New York tax document. A flaw in the tax software program he used at the time prevented him from being able to print a   loss on Mr. Trump’s New York return, he said. So, for example, the loss of “729, 293” on Line 18 of the return printed out as “5, 729, 293. ” As a result, Mr. Mitnick recalled, he had to use his typewriter to manually add the “” thus explaining why the first two digits appeared to be in a different font and were slightly misaligned from the following seven digits. “This is legit,” he said, stabbing a finger into the document. Because the documents sent to The Times did not include any pages from Mr. Trump’s 1995 federal tax return, it is impossible to determine how much he may have donated to charity that year. The state documents do show, though, that Mr. Trump declined the opportunity to contribute to the New Jersey Vietnam Veterans’ Memorial Fund, the New Jersey Wildlife Conservation Fund or the Children’s Trust Fund. He also declined to contribute $1 toward public financing of New Jersey’s elections for governor. The tax documents also do not shed any light on Mr. Trump’s claimed net worth of about $2 billion at that time. This is because the complex calculations of business deductions that produced a tax loss of $916 million are a separate matter from how Mr. Trump valued his assets, the tax experts said. Nor does the $916 million loss suggest that Mr. Trump was insolvent or effectively bankrupt in 1995. The cash flow generated by his various businesses that year was more than enough to service his various debts. But fragmentary as they are, the documents nonetheless provide new insight into Mr. Trump’s finances, a subject of intense scrutiny given Mr. Trump’s emphasis on his business record during the presidential campaign. The documents show, for example, that while Mr. Trump reported $7. 4 million in interest income in 1995, he made only $6, 108 in wages, salaries and tips. They also suggest Mr. Trump took full advantage of generous tax loopholes specifically available to commercial real estate developers to claim a $15. 8 million loss in 1995 on his real estate holdings and partnerships. But the most important revelation from the 1995 tax documents is just how much Mr. Trump may have benefited from a tax provision that is particularly prized by America’s dynastic families, which, like the Trumps, hold their wealth inside byzantine networks of partnerships, limited liability companies and S corporations. The provision, known as net operating loss, or N. O. L. allows a dizzying array of deductions, business expenses, real estate depreciation, losses from the sale of business assets and even operating losses to flow from the balance sheets of those partnerships, limited liability companies and S corporations onto the personal tax returns of men like Mr. Trump. In turn, those losses can be used to cancel out an equivalent amount of taxable income from, say, book royalties or branding deals. Better still, if the losses are big enough, they can cancel out taxable income earned in other years. Under I. R. S. rules in 1995, net operating losses could be used to wipe out taxable income earned in the three years before and the 15 years after the loss. (The effect of net operating losses on state income taxes varies, depending on each state’s tax regime.) The tax experts consulted by The Times said the $916 million net operating loss declared by Mr. Trump in 1995 almost certainly included large net operating losses carried forward from the early 1990s, when most of Mr. Trump’s key holdings were hemorrhaging money. Indeed, by 1990, his entire business empire was on the verge of collapse. In a few short years, he had amassed $3. 4 billion in debt  —   personally guaranteeing $832 million of it  —   to assemble a portfolio that included three casinos and a hotel in Atlantic City, the Plaza Hotel in Manhattan, an airline and a huge yacht. Reports that year by New Jersey casino regulators gave glimpses of the balance sheet carnage. The Trump Taj Mahal casino reported a $25. 5 million net loss during its first six months of 1990 the Trump’s Castle casino lost $43. 5 million for the year. His airline, Trump Shuttle, lost $34. 5 million during just the first six months of that year. “Simply put, the organization is in dire financial straits,” the casino regulators concluded. Reports by New Jersey’s casino regulators strongly suggested that Mr. Trump had claimed large net operating losses on his taxes in the early 1990s. Their reports, for example, revealed that Mr. Trump had carried forward net operating losses in both 1991 and 1993. What’s more, the reports said the losses he claimed were large enough to virtually cancel out any taxes he might owe on the millions of dollars of debt that was being forgiven by his creditors. (The I. R. S. considers forgiven debt to be taxable income.) But crucially, the casino regulators redacted the precise size of the net operating losses in the public versions of their reports. Two former New Jersey officials, who were privy to the unredacted documents, could not recall the precise size of the numbers, but said they were substantial. Politico, which previously reported that Mr. Trump most likely paid no income taxes in 1991 and 1993 based on the casino commission’s description of his net operating losses, asked Mr. Trump to comment. “Welcome to the real estate business,” he replied in an email. Now, thanks to Mr. Trump’s 1995 tax records, the degree to which he spun all those years of red ink into tax   gold may finally be apparent. Mr. Mitnick, the lawyer and accountant, was the person Mr. Trump leaned on most to do the spinning. Mr. Mitnick worked for a small Long Island accounting firm that specialized in handling tax issues for wealthy New York real estate families. He had long handled tax matters for Mr. Trump’s father, Fred C. Trump, and he said he began doing Donald Trump’s taxes after Mr. Trump turned 18. In an interview on Wednesday, Mr. Mitnick said he could not divulge details of Mr. Trump’s finances without Mr. Trump’s consent. But he did talk about Mr. Trump’s approaches to taxes, and he contrasted Fred Trump’s attention to detail with what he described as Mr. Trump’s brash and undisciplined style. He recalled, for example, that when Donald and Ivana Trump came in each year to sign their tax forms, it was almost always Ivana who asked more questions. But if Mr. Trump lacked a sophisticated understanding of the tax code, and if he rarely showed any interest in the details behind various tax strategies, Mr. Mitnick said he clearly grasped the critical role taxes would play in helping him build wealth. “He knew we could use the tax code to protect him,” Mr. Mitnick said. According to Mr. Mitnick, Mr. Trump’s use of net operating losses was no different from that of his other wealthy clients. “This may have had a couple extra digits compared to someone else’s operation, but they all benefited in the same way,” he said, pointing to the $916 million loss on Mr. Trump’s tax returns. In “The Art of the Deal,” his 1987   book, Mr. Trump referred to Mr. Mitnick as “my accountant”  —   although he misspelled his name. Mr. Trump described consulting with Mr. Mitnick on the tax implications of deals he was contemplating and seeking his advice on how new federal tax regulations might affect real estate  . Mr. Mitnick, though, said there were times when even he, for all his years helping wealthy New Yorkers navigate the tax code, found it difficult to face the incongruity of his work for Mr. Trump. He felt keenly aware that Mr. Trump was living a life of unimaginable luxury thanks in part to Mr. Mitnick’s ability to relieve him of the burden of paying taxes like everyone else. “Here the guy was building incredible net worth and not paying tax on it,” he said.",0
11089,"At Donald Trump’s Properties, a Showcase for a Brand and a President-Elect - The New York Times","They stood in line at Trump Tower, sometimes up to half an hour, handing over their cash for mementos of the  : mini,   chocolate bricks stamped “Trump. ” Trump monogrammed sweaters, towels and glassware. Trump cologne. “I bought it for my two sons,” said Shanon Loggins, 47, of Lufkin, Tex. showing off a golden shopping bag embossed with the Trump crest that carried two bottles of Success by Trump, a fragrance for men. “They need to be successful,” she explained. Business is good for Donald J. Trump. People are flocking to his Midtown Manhattan skyscraper, dining in his restaurants and buying his wares. Reporters are fastidiously chronicling the comings and goings of his transition team, his   properties providing the backdrop for television live shots. Mr. Trump has taken the staid task of preparing to assume the presidency and turned it into an exercise in conspicuous   and carefully choreographed branding. But as the   makes use of his vast real estate holdings, he is also raising questions about whether he is exploiting the high profile and stature of the office to conduct what could be seen as a promotional tour for the Trump Organization. The venues he has picked to conduct his official transition planning attest to his success as a real estate developer: Trump Tower, the Manhattan skyscraper where he lives and works amid   eateries and boutiques    the upscale, private Palm Beach, Fla. club where he has chosen to hold meetings over Thanksgiving and the Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, N. J. Mr. Trump especially liked the Bedminster setting, he told his aides, because the images of him receiving potential cabinet appointees at the front door of the clubhouse resembled 10 Downing Street in London. In planning future transition meetings, Mr. Trump and his team are considering other properties of his that might fit his desire for rich, regal symbolism. “It stinks,” said Norman Eisen, who was the chief White House ethics lawyer for President Obama from 2009 to 2011. Because there is no specific law prohibiting public officeholders from financially beneficial   what Mr. Trump is doing is probably not illegal, Mr. Eisen added. “But that doesn’t make it right,” he said. “It’s part and parcel of the unsavory marketing of his brands that he also did during the campaign. ” Unsavory or not, it is all part of the stagecraft and spectacle that Mr. Trump has directed from his   office in Trump Tower  —   all of which is being ravenously consumed by the news media and his loyal followers. Most days since Mr. Trump became the   the lobby of Trump Tower has been a public staging area for aspects of the transition that Mr. Trump most wants people to see. Potential cabinet appointees march across its buffed marble floors, past the cameras that stream the scene live to   and into the gold mirrored elevators. This week there were people like Gov. Mary Fallin of Oklahoma and Rick Perry, the former Texas governor, who disparaged Mr. Trump as “a cancer on conservatism” when they were battling for the Republican nomination. Mr. Trump and his staff have even devised a proper greeting protocol for arriving guests. As Mr. Perry made his way through the lobby on Monday, a young woman looped her arm around his and escorted him past the cameras. The same woman was also on hand over the weekend to accompany visiting guests when Mr. Trump moved the meetings to Bedminster. The golf club was even more of a display of munificence, with Mr. Trump turning to the cameras to embrace Mitt Romney, who just months ago condemned Mr. Trump as a “phony” and a “fraud. ” He is now a leading candidate for secretary of state. There were more ethnically diverse potential cabinet candidates there, as well, like T. W. Shannon, the first   speaker of the Oklahoma House, and Michelle Rhee, a former schools chancellor in Washington, who is  . When Mr. Trump was done interviewing them, he would see them off outside and, once again, banter with the news media. “Tremendous talent  —   we’re seeing tremendous talent,” Mr. Trump said on Saturday. “People that, as I say, we will ‘make America great again.’ These are really great people. These are really, really talented people. ” As the cameras rolled during the weekend at Bedminster, temperatures dropped sharply, sending journalists into the gift shop, where the only   attire they could find was a winter hat with Trump embroidered on it. The market for anything stamped Trump has been bustling. At the gift kiosk on the lower level of Trump Tower  —   between the Trump Ice Cream Parlor and the Trump Grill, with its $25 prix fixe lunch  —   the line on Monday morning was about two dozen people deep. Cashiers were doing their civic diligence, asking anyone purchasing Trump campaign gear like the “Make America Great Again” hats ($25) whether they were American citizens. (Law prohibits foreigners from giving money to campaigns.) Marilyn Bryan, 70, of Terre Haute, Ind. was sitting at a table outside the kiosk with her daughter Trisha. In May, Ms. Bryan was at a Trump rally in her hometown when someone passed out next to her, knocked her down and broke her femur. That might have been enough Trump for anyone else. But she decided that as long as she was visiting New York this week, she might as well stop by the tower to take in the scene. “What’d we spend? $200?” she asked her daughter. Inside her shopping bag were a hat, the golden Trump chocolate bars and some other Trump knickknacks she planned to give to her relatives. The chocolate, they were somewhat disappointed to learn, was actually made in Fort Wayne, Ind. Standing nearby were Paul and Lea Foster of Hidden Hills, Calif. After purchasing two hats and two   Ms. Foster, 62, marveled at Mr. Trump’s ability to cash in on his name. “He’s sure figured out how to make money,” she said. Her husband nodded. “He’s a businessman, a promoter,” said Mr. Foster, 81. “Let’s hope he knows how to run the country. ”",0
11090,"Maher: Trump Violates ’Pay Your Taxes’ Rule, I Worry ’We Do Need the UN to Step In’ - Breitbart","On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher stated that President Trump violates the “Pay your taxes” rule and “I worry that if half the country wants this guy to be president, we do need the UN to step in, or the United Federation of Planets, or something. ”  Maher said Trump “violates every rule. Don’t lie. Don’t accuse people of things they’re not guilty of. Don’t boast. Pay your taxes. Serve your country. Don’t be a racist, don’t insult  …    the handicapped people, and other people who are not as lucky to be as   as you are, Donald. I worry that if half the country wants this guy to be president, we do need the UN to step in, or the United Federation of Planets, or something. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
11091,Trump Kills The GOP With The Lowest Score In History Of Presidential Leadership Poll,"In a major omen of potential election disaster for Republicans, Donald Trump has scored the lowest rating in the history of Gallup’s presidential leadership poll. 
Gallup released their presidential leadership survey, and the results were historically bad for Donald Trump: 
Voters rate Trump worse than any other presidential candidate in Gallup’s records on having the personality and leadership qualities a president should have. Previous readings were taken in late October in the 2000, 2004 and 2008 campaigns. In those years, between 52% and 61% of registered voters said the two major-party candidates had the right personality and leadership qualities — a sharp contrast to Trump’s current 32%. Clinton’s rating of 51% is one percentage point below the previous low score. 
Clinton’s score, while low, was one point of the range for previous presidential cycles going back to 2000. Trump’s score was twenty percent below the lowest score in the history of the poll. 
Voters aren’t going to elect a man to be the next president who they view as lacking the basic qualities of presidential leadership. The popular vote total in 2016 may reflect the nation’s political polarization, but there is a reason why electoral map projections continue to look very good for the Democratic candidate. 
Donald Trump has failed the most elemental test for any presidential candidate. He doesn’t look, act, or behave like a person who has the qualities needed to occupy the Oval Office and lead the United States of America. 
The last week before election day tension that is in the air is normal, but the fundamental motivating factors of this contest haven’t changed. Democrats are holding on to their electoral map advantage, while Donald Trump has become the central issue and question on the ballot. 
Republicans look to be heading for a major ballot box disaster because voters do not believe that Donald Trump is fit to be president.",0
11092,"“You Ruined Your Own Communities, Don’t Ruin Ours”–Chicago Whites Demonstrate Against Black Lives Matter After Black Shot","- < “You Ruined Your Own Communities, Don’t Ruin Ours”–Chicago Whites Demonstrate Against Black Lives Matter After Black Shot > November 8, 2016, 10:08 am A+ | a- Warning   
Commenter Muse points out that last weekend there was a cops-shoot-black-man-in-white-neighborhood story that would have been huge national news a few months ago, especially because local whites counterdemonstrated against Black Lives Matter with signs such as: 
You ruined your own communities 
Don’t ruin ours 
#BlueLivesMatter 
But this news is being sat on by the national press. Muse writes: 
Over the weekend in Chicago, an off duty fireman approached a car that was blocking the entrance to a firehouse. A dispute ensued, and two off duty policemen became involved and the African American driver was shot to death. He reportedly was brandishing a gun. Crickets from the national media. Here we have a cop shooting a black man, and all of a sudden no one except local Chicago media wants to talk about it. Who called the dogs off on election night eve? 
Mt. Greenwood is an interesting neighborhood. Mostly ethnic Irish city workers. Cops, fireman, Streets and San (water department) etc. These are the best jobs in the metropolitan area for the blue collar workers, but they have to live in the city due to the residency requirement for Chicago workers. They have nowhere else to go on he southside, so it looks like they are making a stand. There was a face off yesterday between local residents and BLM yesterday.",0
11093,Sex workers reject ‘biased’ BBC prostitution documentary,"Sex workers reject ‘biased’ BBC prostitution documentary Sex workers reject ‘biased’ BBC prostitution documentary By 0 47 
Sex workers say the BBC’s ‘Sex, Drugs & Murder: Life in the Red Light Zone’ documentary, which portrays the lives of women in the Holbeck area of Leeds, Britain’s first legal red light district, is “biased” and unrepresentative. 
They argue the program buys into stereotypes and general ignorance, including the view that women are driven into prostitution by drug habits rather than economic pressures brought on by austerity. 
Read more 
The show follows the daily lives of Sammi Jo, Stacey, Debi and Kayleigh, who sell sex to pay for their addictions. They work in an area also known as Red Light Zone, where women can sell sex between 7pm and 7am without being arrested. 
Sammi Jo, who had to be taken from her parents as a child due to abuse, said she turned to drugs and drink “as a comfort.” 
Mother-of-three Kayleigh recounted how despite her family’s attempts to help her get clean she would quickly relapse. 
“I came off of it and within two days I robbed my brother’s PlayStation games to go sell for money, and that just led into a routine of, I’d have heroin, go work, and I’d have heroin to forget about working,” she told the program. 
“It’s just a total vicious cycle.” 
But sex workers union English Collective of Prostitutes (ECP) believes the show is “biased” and shows only the darker side of the industry. 
“This BBC3 film is yet another biased piece on the sex industry,” a spokeswoman for the group told RT. 
“Most street-based sex workers are not drug users yet the film chooses to focuses only on women on drugs. It ignores the truth that in many areas around the UK the majority of sex workers are on the streets because of benefit cuts and sanctions. 
“If the press ignore that they are colluding with the government in hiding the devastating consequences of their austerity policies, 80 percent of which have targeted women.” 
The group said the Red Light Zone provides Leeds sex workers with a safe environment to operate. 
According to local police, prostitutes have been three times more likely to report violent incidents since decriminalization came into place in Holbeck. In the first year, between 2014 and 2015, 61 violent incidents were reported to the police. The previous year only 49 cases of assault were reported. 
“Some women were glad to work in the Leeds ‘no arrest zone’ because it meant they weren’t being constantly harassed by the police,” the ECP spokeswoman added. Immigration raids 
The ECP said it is the police themselves who are endangering the lives of sex workers. 
“Since the immigration crackdown everyone is on edge and hiding from officials. Women feel that once again the police are prioritizing criminalization over protection and this is deterring them from reporting violence,” the group complained. 
Last week the London Metropolitan Police raided six massage parlors in Soho and Chinatown, arresting 24 people – 17 of whom were seized on “suspicion of immigration offenses.” 
The Met released a statement saying the operation was “aimed at bringing to justice those who seek to profit from the exploitation of vulnerable people.” 
The ECP, however, claims the swoops are “part of a racist witch-hunt against migrant sex workers, which has got worse since Brexit, even though women have the right to be here under EU law.” 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.",0
11094,Hillary's Climactic Trump-Putin Oppo Dump An EPIC FAIL,"With Hillary Clinton collapsing in the polls, her media guards have now emerged with the dregs of the opposition research barrel: the supposed connection between Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin.  ",0
11095,Why Isn’t NSA Surveillance an Election Issue?,"Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / Why Isn’t NSA Surveillance an Election Issue? Essential Reading The Essene Gospel of Peace I By wmw_admin on April 26, 2007 
Based on texts found in the Vatican library and the Royal Library of the Hapsburg’s and dated to the first century AD, the following is considered by some to be the real words of Christ The Oklahoma City Bombing: 30 Unanswered Questions By wmw_admin on July 11, 2003 
Timothy McVeigh may have been tried and executed, but there are still too many unanswered questions about the Oklahoma City Bombing Magic Thermite and the 9/11 Fairytale By Smoking Mirrors on April 15, 2009 
The evidence is in and it’s irrefutable: scientists have discovered traces of hi-tech explosives in the WTC debris. Which means the UK/US/Israel will have to stage another event on the scale of 9/11 to counter the brushfire this report will ignite Who Brought the Slaves to America? By wmw_admin on June 30, 2008 
Contrary to what you have been told, it wasn’t White Anglo Saxon Protestants (WASP’s) who founded and monopolised the slave trade The Essene Gospel of Peace II By wmw_admin on April 26, 2007 
Translated by Purcell Weaver and Edmond Szekely from its original Aramiac, a language that today few know but 2000 years ago was the language that Christ spoke and taught with Have You Read the Talmud Lately? By wmw_admin on September 3, 2006 
The Talmud expounds some of the most virulent racism, as these extracts plainly show. However, as a reader points out not all Jews are influenced by it, or even read it. Only the ultra religious study it, the rest haven’t a clue. We leave you to decide London Beheading Hoax Confirmed? By wmw_admin on May 24, 2013 
Was the London beheading a hoax? After Sandy Hook anything is possible and the authors present a very convincing case that it was. Judge for yourself Fake Terrorism: The Road to Dictatorship By wmw_admin on October 10, 2008 
Throughout history “terrorist” acts have been carefully staged and used to further the power of the ruling elite. In the light of the latest “terror” plot we repost an old favourite as a reminder The Man Who Would Be King By Rixon Stewart on April 15, 2008 
Some say that Prince Michael of Albany has a more legitimate claim to the throne of England than the Windsors. Are they right? And why are the Windsors and the mainstream media delberately ignoring him?",0
11096,Re: OUCH! Hillary Clinton’s self-unaware lecture about religious freedom given important disclaimers,"— Tim Carney (@TPCarney) October 27, 2016 
Uh oh, Hillary Clinton’s getting sanctimonious again without wasting any time on introspection: This is heartbreaking. No child in America should feel afraid to practice their religion or embrace their heritage. https://t.co/QAfnEXH6ls 
— Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 27, 2016 
Cue the disclaimers: Unless they are pro-life, in which case ""religious beliefs and structural biases have to be changed""! https://t.co/ShpS3pvkQI 
— Phil Kerpen (@kerpen) October 27, 2016 
That, and so much more: Unless they don't want to pay for someone else's birth control. https://t.co/0JSn6pjkaN 
— Emily Zanotti (@emzanotti) October 27, 2016 She had a bad dream about Trump? What about the Christians facing prison & massive fines from people like you for practicing their religion? https://t.co/MNnNT2xTcY 
— Derek Hunter (@derekahunter) October 27, 2016 Unless you are a religious Christian or Jew. Then change your benighted religion, simpleton. https://t.co/yIT6veu84N 
— Ben Shapiro (@benshapiro) October 27, 2016 Tell that to the Little Sisters of the Poor. https://t.co/O8OYufqext 
— The Mo Mofia (@molratty) October 27, 2016 
The progressive “rules” change if your religion goes against left-wing power grabs. Trending",0
11097,"FBI Document: ""Shadow Government"" Protected Clinton During E-Mail Scandal","Email 
Hillary Clinton has been under the protection of a “Shadow Government,” according to an FBI document which is part of the investigation into her use of a private e-mail server during the time she was secretary of state. The “Shadow Government” — the exact term used in the FBI document — included among its “known regular attendees” some well-known and powerful people. 
The FBI document, which is heavily redacted in some places, is dated August 24, 2015, and was made public earlier this month. It includes information from an FBI “interview of [redacted]” on August 19, 2015 and addresses the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests which had been made in regard to Clinton’s e-mails. The document reveals some of the process about what was redacted from those e-mails before they were released as part of those FOIA requests. On page 56 of the document, it says: Most of the items with CIA redactions were emails from Sidney BLUMENTHAL. One item was deemed classified according to the FBI and Kennedy held a closed door meeting attended by the FBI’s [redacted] and IPS’ [redacted] among others. In that meeting, KENNEDY asked [redacted] to change the FBI’s B(1) upgrade classification, but [redacted] did not change the FBI’s stance. On May 22, it was decided by the IPS team they would keep the upgrade of the one FBI-related email and the IPS officials sent David KENDALL, Attorney, Williams & Connolly, LLC, a letter informing him of the results. 
Aside from the element of showing how the sausage is made in backroom “closed door” meetings, the document also includes some damning information in the next paragraph. It tells of a “powerful group of very high-ranking STATE officials” referred to as “The Shadow Government,” which met weekly “to discuss the FOIA process, Congressional records, and everything CLINTON-related to FOIA/Congressional inquiries.” The document says: There was a powerful group of very high-ranking STATE officials that some referred to as “The 7th Floor Group” or “The Shadow Government.” This group met every Wednesday afternoon to discuss the FOIA process, Congressional records, and everything CLINTON-related to FOIA/Congressional inquiries. The known regular attendees included Jonathan FINER, Chief of Staff for Secretary of State John KERRY, Jennifer STOUT, Deputy Chief of Staff, Heather HIGGENBOTTOM, Deputy Secretary of State for Management and Resources [Patrick] Kennedy, Julia FRIFEILD, Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, [redacted] Office of the Legal Advisor, [redacted] Office of the Legal Advisor overseeing STATE’s [redacted], [redacted] [redacted] and [redacted]. 
The document goes on to explain that the “7th Floor Group” (which is also called “The Shadow Government”) pushed to have all of Clinton’s e-mails released “all at once in January 2016” even though “with larger FOIA requests, such as with the CLINTON-related FOIA request” that would normally be done on a scheduled “rolling release” happening “every few weeks or month.” It also says that while IPS (the Office of Information Programs and Services) “officials did not have control of the release process of the 296 e-mails related to the House Select Committee on Benghazi’s request, they did have control for the release process for the approximately 30,000 e-mails or 52,455 pages related to the CLINTON FOIA request, and it was decided to be a rolling release."" 
The “7th Floor Group/The Shadow Government” is mentioned in previous documents as well. On page 54, it says, “[redacted] stated those involved at IPS felt the 7th floor, or leading STATE officials, had their own ideas on how to formally review the 296 emails.” It is obvious that “The Shadow Government” on the 7th floor wanted to protect Clinton in both the review process and the release process. 
Perhaps this explains why — despite a mountain of evidence that Clinton knowingly violated a plethora of federal laws regarding her use of a private e-mail server and account to send and receive classified information — the FBI declined to recommend indictment. After all, Clinton is the clear “Shadow Government” candidate in this presidential race.  ",0
11098,George Lopez Rips Female Heckler: Shut Up or ’Get the F*ck Out’,"Comedian George Lopez lashed out a female audience member who was apparently offended by his   jokes. [“There are only two rules in the Latino family,” Lopez said Saturday night during a live show in Phoenix. “Don’t marry somebody black and don’t park in front of our house. ”  Video posted by TMZ shows a woman in the audience giving Lopez the middle finger and appearing to be offended by the comic’s pun. Lopez apparently saw the woman protesting his set and proceeded to offer her some pointed advice: “Sit your f*ckin’ ass down! Sit your f*ckin’ ass down! I’m talking, b*tch. You paid to see a show. So sit your f*cking ass down!” [Warning: Explicit Language] But the former ABC star’s harsh demands appeared to enrage the woman even more. Determined to take back control of his show, he doubled down: “You can’t take a joke, you’re in the wrong motherf*cking place,” he said as the crowd cheered him on. “Sit your f*cking ass down or get the f*ck out of here,” Lopez warned. Toward the end of the clip, Lopez apparently had the woman removed from the building. “I tell you what, I’ll make the choice for you. Get the f*ck out of here,” he said as the woman was escorted from her table. “Four seats just opened up front. ” The    comedian appeared to address the controversy on his Twitter account Tuesday morning. “You have 2 choices  have a good day or get the f*ck out,” he tweeted.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
11099,"Syrian Army Enters Metro Damascus Town, Driving Rebels Further Back","Rebels Blame Internal Fights for Growing Losses by Jason Ditz, October 31, 2016 Share This 
The Syrian Army has entered the town of Tel Kurdi , on the outskirts of Damascus, entering the area over the weekend and pushing into yet another rebel-held area, bringing their forces yet closer to the rebel city of Douma, the last major rebel holding around the capital. 
Tel Kurdi, like all the remaining rebel areas in Ghouta, was under siege for some time, and the rebel forces within fell back almost immediately, with no reports of major fighting, and the rebels bragging of a “scorched earth” policy destroying everything of value on their way out. 
One of the members of the rebel council blamed the mounting losses on internal fights among the fashions. Indeed, over the past several months a lot of towns and villages in the area have fallen, either in military offensives or in negotiated pullouts. 
The negotiated pullouts have been the most effective way to displace large amounts of rebels lately, with the rebels getting sent north into Nusra Front territory around Idlib. This is increasingly boiling down to government control of the area around Damascus, and increased rebel influence in the north. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
11100,It’s Time to Repeal and Replace the Mainstream Media,"I’ve now worked in journalism/media for seven years. And I sit here this morning amazed at the historic transition media as an industry has taken during that time. To say it’s a seismic shift would be a gross understatement.
Everything has changed .
I remember when I first started reporting the news I would often say there is no such thing as non-partisan media. I fully stand by that statement.
Anyone who writes for a living knows that by implanting a single word in a targeted sentence, even if the story is 1,200 words long, can change the underlying message of a report with ease. That’s what media does. What we call “mainstream media” is notorious for this. You’ve probably seen it happen countless times, but in most cases you probably don’t notice it.
For example, when a bad jobs report comes out the media will report something like “ New Jobs Unexpectedly Slightly Below Projections .” Using the word unexpectedly implies everyone should be optimistic because it’s expected that job creation will naturally be higher in our current economy.
This is nonsense. It doesn’t take a world class economist to figure out Washington policy has broken our economic engine. And it doesn’t require a Harvard level analyst to tell us all the job situation is in shambles.
Media uses this tactic to protect those in power. It’s all a game to hide the truth.
There is no non-partisan news. Reporters/writers will either advocate for the truth and seek to uphold American principles of personal liberty, a free market and sound government that works for the people it claims to represent, or they’ll advocate against it. That’s a fact. Those are the options.
So what has changed over the past seven years? In short, the audacity of the advocacy happening in media has reached unprecedented levels. Hosts from ALL (yes, even Fox News) TV news networks actively participated in trying to elevate Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump. Anyone who watched the debates through an objective lens knows this. Megyn Kelly ambushed Donald Trump and we all know it. The DNC was helping craft talking points with journalists, and TV networks were helping the DNC funnel debate intel to Clinton’s campaign.
And do we need to mention the polls? Seriously? We’re supposed to trust a media that was either a) dead wrong in their reporting of where the electorate stood, or b) they blatantly lied and fabricated numbers in an effort to suppress the vote against Clinton. Both options are equally damnable.
How is it that so much of America pounds their chests proclaiming the media is corrupt, but in the next breath looks to that same media to confirm news? Last night, for example, our team called Pennsylvania a full two hours before Fox News or any other TV network. Yet when we did we were hit with comments calling us names, mocking us and saying we should have waited for “official” calls from “media.”
This is insulting. We have a full time staff. We have offices. We have TV and audio studios. We are media .
Our team worked tirelessly, combing through county data in multiple states. We didn’t take that call for Pennsylvania lightly. But we made the call when we faithfully concluded Clinton had no reasonable path to overtaking Trump’s lead. This was fact for us. This was truth. We didn’t care if Fox News, CNN or any others called it. We saw what we saw and we made a call.
Breitbart is media. Drudge Report is media. I could list hundreds of sources that many don’t consider media that are actually far more accurate (and honest in what they believe in) than what would be considered official media, whatever that means.
At some point America is going to have to proclaim enough is enough. The networks are dishonest and they work against your best interests. They work against the needs of you and your family. They work against the truth. They work for those in power, and they do everything they can to protect that power. Because at the end of the day, the networks care about their seats at the Gala’s and their access to powerful politicians.
They sit in their high castles, eating expensive steak, drinking fine wine while having no financial concerns at all. Do you think their agenda includes telling you the truth when doing so would cut off their access to the power they hold close? Of course not. They aren’t going to bite the hand that feeds them.
When you watch their shows, share their stories and look to them to confirm news, you are funding their game against you.
That has to stop.
It’s time we as a people have a very serious conversation about a meaningful boycott. Yesterday we voted at the polls. Now we need to vote with our wallets.
It’s time for the new media to become the media . Because let’s face it, old media betrayed us.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice…
No thanks.
-Eric Odom 
",0
11101,"Daily Beast editor teases ‘new, disgusting bombshell about Trump and women’","— Jeff B/DDHQ (@EsotericCD) October 26, 2016 
Election Day may be just around the corner, but there’s still plenty of time for more dirt to be unearthed. Hillary’s neck-deep in the WikiLeaks revelations, of course. But it seems Trump’s not out of the woods yet, either. At least not according to the Daily Beast’s Justin Miller: A new, disgusting bombshell about Trump and women tonight @thedailybeast 
— Justin Miller (@justinjm1) October 26, 2016 
Oh?",0
11102,Elie Wiesel Is Recalled at Funeral for a Legacy Beyond His Moral Voice - The New York Times,"The funeral for Elie Wiesel was a gathering of his family and close friends, held on Sunday at a synagogue on the Upper East Side of Manhattan. But outside on East 62nd Street stood people, some in tears, who had never met the man who survived the Holocaust to become a clarion voice for those victims who did not. “He was someone who protected us he interceded against our worst instincts,” Sarah Bardin, 44, a preschool teacher who had come to pay her respects, said as she cried. She knew Mr. Wiesel, who died on Saturday at 87, only through his prolific writing. His works, including the memoir “Night,” gave voice to the Jews murdered during World War II and demanded they never be forgotten. Without him, Ms. Bardin said, the world felt like a more vulnerable place. Inside the Orthodox Fifth Avenue Synagogue, about 100 people attended a ceremony that not only reflected Mr. Wiesel as a man of extraordinary scholarship and influence who won a Nobel Peace Prize for his life’s work, but also remembered him as a friend, a mentor, a husband, a father, a grandfather. In a wheelchair, his widow, Marion, listened as Mr. Wiesel was eulogized by his son Elisha, a partner at Goldman Sachs. He spoke of what it was like growing up with a man of such stature but who still had time for unconditional love. A young grandson, Elijah, spoke of sharing simple moments with a man who was a moral titan to many. Elijah recalled the fun of making English muffins together, smothered in blueberry jam. Mr. Wiesel was liberated from the Buchenwald camp as a    with the numbers   tattooed on his arm. At his funeral he was remembered for a legacy little known by those outside his immediate circle: He loved to laugh, Ted Koppel, the television news anchor said in a eulogy. He spoke of how funny Mr. Wiesel was, and of their   friendship that was spent finding ways to make each other laugh. “It made clear his love of the Jewish people extended to all mankind,” Menachem Rosensaft, a friend of over 50 years, said of the service. Mr. Rosensaft, a professor of law at Columbia and Cornell, said he had been a teaching assistant for Mr. Wiesel when he taught at City College in New York beginning in the 1970s. In attendance was Sheila Johnson Robbins, a member of the board of the Elie Wiesel Foundation for Humanity, the organization he started to promote understanding among ethnic groups in conflict. “He gave us the sense of responsibility, to follow in his footsteps, and continue his mission  —   to never forget,” she said after the service. “And everyone is thinking of him as a thinker, a writer,” she added. “He was also a man  —   he loved chocolate!” Around noon, the coffin with Mr. Wiesel’s body was wheeled from the synagogue surrounded by a dozen mourners, a simple pine box that is customary in Jewish funerals, a blue velvet cloth draped over it. Later that day, in keeping with the Jewish tradition of burying a person with expediency, he was interred at Sharon Gardens cemetery, in the Westchester County town of Valhalla. “He was not just a leader for the Jewish people, but for mankind,” Ronald Lauder, the businessman and philanthropist, said after the service. “I would not be who I am without him. What he taught me is that we have to stand up to indifference. He would say, ‘The opposite of love is not hate, it is indifference. ’” At the burial in Valhalla on Sunday afternoon, family members and friends shoveled dirt onto the coffin, as is Jewish tradition. Among those at the burial was Rabbi Shmuley Boteach, who began a friendship with Mr. Wiesel over 25 years ago when he invited Mr. Wiesel to speak at Oxford University, where Rabbi Boteach was in residence. “What went through my mind the entire time was that the six million of the Holocaust were never granted the dignity of a burial their ashes were merely scattered,” Rabbi Boteach said. “Here we were with the privilege of burying the Holocaust’s greatest witness. ”",0
11103,The hardest feeling to fight is..?,"The hardest feeling to fight is..? Trying not to kill yourself from not having anyone or any money!!Lmfao forever on this lame dumb planet I can't wait to die and get thecguck away from, for fuckin ever, bitch!# Anonymous Coward",0
11104,‘That’s the CRAP young people pay attention to.’ Team Hillary trashes millennials #PodestaEmails21,"‘That’s the CRAP young people pay attention to.’ Team Hillary trashes millennials #PodestaEmails21 Posted at 1:24 pm   Sam J. 
Sorry millennials, Team Hillary doesn’t think much of you or your taste in pop culture. 
In fact in this particular email, “Michael” calls you trivial and the the things you like, “crap.” 
Because nothing inspires millennials like calling them young and dumb. How do we get dumb young people to support Hillary? We get morons like @MileyCyrus & @katyperry to knock on doors! https://t.co/RbJl04WZuG pic.twitter.com/ude7XFherP 
— Derek Hunter (@derekahunter) October 28, 2016 
Enter Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus and a horde of other “pop culture” icons who appeal to the young and dumb. @derekahunter @benshapiro Combine that with BJs from Madonna and the youth outreach is complete! How did we lose to this? #rhetorical 
Oh yeah! Totally forgot about Madonna’s promise … oddly enough Hillary didn’t really climb all that much in the polls after that. @derekahunter @MileyCyrus @katyperry For a good laugh give both of them a civics test. 😂 
— Dale Mitchell (@thurzday60) October 28, 2016 
THAT would be hilarious.",0
11105,Speaker At Trump Rally Says He Hopes Hillary Clinton Dies In A Fiery Car Crash (VIDEO),"Speaker At Trump Rally Says He Hopes Hillary Clinton Dies In A Fiery Car Crash (VIDEO) By Andrew Bradford on October 30, 2016 Subscribe 
When historians write accounts of the 2016 race for the White House, it’s very likely that one of the things which will get special attention is the level of violence–both physical and verbal–which has emanated from those who slavishly support GOP nominee Donald Trump. 
If you doubt this fact, consider what was said earlier today at a Trump rally being held in Las Vegas. Author and self-described “capitalist evangelist” Wayne Allyn Root was giving a rambling speech as a warm-up before Der Fuhrer Donald took the stage, and while portions of it were comparable to the rantings of Charles Manson after too much caffeine, it was the language Root used (highly militaristic and warlike) that you cannot help but notice. At various points in his unhinged diatribe, Root used the following phrases : “Trump warriors” “Trump army” “Trump revolution” 
Then, in full psychotic rant, Root attempted to mix together plot elements from the O.J. Simpson case with the movies Driving Miss Daisy and Thelma and Louise , telling the ecstatic crowd : “It’s Hillary in a White Ford Bronco. She’s got Huma driving and they’re headed for the Mexican border. I have a name for the future TV movie. It’s called Driving Miss Hillary. And the ending, if we all get our wish, is like Thelma and Louise!” 
Finally, Root ended his echo of Nuremberg by declaring: “I will give you my country when you pry it from my cold dead hands.” 
When I listen to Wayne Allyn Root (or any of the other fanatical Trumpkins), the movie that comes to mind for me is One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest. 
Featured Image Via Right Wing Watch About Andrew Bradford 
Andrew Bradford is a single father who lives in Atlanta. A member of the Christian Left, he has worked in the fields of academia, journalism, and political consulting. His passions are art, music, food, and literature. He believes in equal rights and justice for all. To see what else he likes to write about, check out his blog at Deepleftfield.info. Connect",0
11106,"Life at migrant centers in Germany: RT talks to volunteers, refugees about their hopes & fears","Life at migrant centers in Germany: RT talks to volunteers, refugees about their hopes & fears   20:39 Get short URL © Pascal Rossignol / Reuters Some have faced criticism in their own country for aiding asylum seekers, while others are themselves migrants who have seen their accommodation centers burnt down. RT Russian talked to residents and volunteers at migrant centers in Germany. 
Miriam Düsterhöft, 27, studies social science at university and believes that working at one of the refugee centers in Düsseldorf, Germany, will be a good experience. 
Düsterhöft told RT Russian that she wants to help refugees to integrate into Europe. Read more Christian refugees persecuted by Muslim asylum seekers in German shelters – survey 
“At first it was very difficult. There was a lack of essentials, it was hard to communicate with refugees. Many didn’t make any effort to learn German,” she said. 
One of the issues at the center was a lack of interpreters of Persian or Kurdish. There was a man who translated from Arabic for men, and a woman translating for female residents. 
“[Kurdish and Persian] women do not communicate with men, they are afraid to speak about certain things. Even we [volunteers] don’t know what they feel or need.” 
Asylum seekers have to spend at least six months at the center before authorities can grant them refugee status and provide them with accommodation. Sometimes they have to wait longer before receiving the status, or because the condition of the accommodation provided is much worse than that of the center, Düsterhöft said. 
Düsterhöft’s style of clothing at the center differs greatly from what she wears in her everyday life. Here at the migrant center she wears long skirts and trousers, and covers her hands with sleeves. 
“This is my decision – I have a lot of tattoos all over my body, and I don’t want to confuse people who aren’t accustoed to this. I don’t think that it infringes on my rights.” 
“No one has ever tried to rape me,” she added. This isn’t a random comment – asylum seekers have been accused of numerous sexual harassment incidents towards women and children in Europe since the start of 2016. 
Earlier in October, a female interpreter for a French journalist was raped near the notorious Calais ‘Jungle’ migrant camp. Reports also emerged that the woman’s attackers were three Pashto-speaking male asylum seekers. Read more 
Düsterhöft said she hasn’t had any major conflicts with refugees. The most serious incident was when the father of one child asked not to draw animals or humans during classes because Islam forbids the depiction of people. 
“We solved this issue and removed the controversial exercise,” she said. ‘There are bad people both among Europeans and migrants’ 
The mother of 18-year-old student Fiona Braun, who is giving German lessons to refugees, says that her life hasn’t changed with the arrival of asylum seekers. 
“My daughter works with refugee children from Syria and Afghanistan in camps in Vienna and in Bratislava,” Jana Olearnikova told RT Russian. 
“She [Fiona] now has a lot of female friends among migrants. Fiona comes home with new recipes that she learned from the Arab girls,” she said, adding that she welcomes “the opportunity to dive into Arab life” and likes “the diversity of cultures in Europe.” 
Olearnikova said she’s not afraid to walk alone in the evenings, despite the stories that have emerged since the refugee crisis started. 
“Of course, there may be criminals and bad people among migrants, but they may be among the Europeans, too,” she said. Syrian refugee: ‘ISIS killed my entire family, I have nowhere to go’ Read more More than 300,000 refugees in Germany work illegally, pay kickbacks to asylum center staff - reports 
Aid Abu Kasem was an architect back in Syria. He understands that when he receives refugee status, he won’t be able to find the same job in Germany. 
“But I don’t mind. The most important thing for me is to find myself in a new reality. I'm learning German, it’s very difficult, but I’m trying,” he told RT Russian.Kasem says it will be difficult for him to settle into his new home. 
“I know that in Germany there are common swimming pools and common saunas for men and women. They bathe together naked, although completely unfamiliar with each other. I can’t understand it. I guess I just won’t attend such places."" 
He said that the center in the town of Zirndorf, Bavaria, where he is currently living, was set on fire twice. 
“It’s unpleasant. I didn’t do evil to anyone and shouldn’t suffer for the fact that these people hate anyone who runs away from war."" 
“ISIS [Islamic State/IS] killed my entire family, I have nowhere to go, so I decided to start a new life,” he added.",0
11107,How Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump Differ on Taxes - The New York Times,"If Donald J. Trump wins the White House and proceeds to persuade Congress to pass his tax agenda,   Americans will get a small tax cut, wealthy Americans and businesses will get a huge tax cut, and the budget deficit will widen substantially unless there is the type of economic boom he promises amid lower taxes and lighter regulation. If Hillary Clinton wins the White House and persuades Congress to pass her agenda, wealthy Americans will pay higher taxes, businesses will face tax rules that make it less advantageous to relocate overseas, and the money those changes produce will go to fund the rest of her policy agenda, from child care to roads, bridges and other infrastructure. That, in a nutshell, is the tax policy choice Americans face when they vote in November, based on plans the two candidates have released and discussed in major speeches this week. Of course, campaign proposals never end up in law in exactly the form candidates talk about them on the stump. But tax policy puts some hard numbers on the sometimes vague rhetoric of the campaign trail. It shows where exactly a candidate’s priorities and vision are, in    terms. Elections have consequences, and this is what those consequences might look like if a President Clinton or a President Trump got Congress to reshape the tax code their way. Current: The federal tax rate on income over $467, 000 for a married couple is now 39. 6 percent. Many   families benefit from large deductions for things like home mortgage interest and state income tax. Many of these families also have a substantial portion of their income from   capital gains, usually taxed at 23. 8 percent. What Mr. Trump would do: He would cut the top marginal income tax rate to 33 percent. An analysis by the Tax Foundation of the House Republicans’ tax plan, on which Mr. Trump’s is based, found it would increase   income for the richest 1 percent by 5. 3 percent. Mr. Trump also advocates lowering the tax rate on all business income to 15 percent  —   and has advocated that the rate apply to all sorts of businesses, including partnerships and sole proprietorships. That opens up room for people to find ways to turn what is now taxed as individual income into “ ” business income at that low 15 percent rate, especially those in position to hire tax lawyers to help them figure out the details. For example, an executive who is paid $1 million in salary could instead form a limited liability corporation to “sell” $1 million of management services to his or her old company, cutting the tax rate to 15 percent. What Mrs. Clinton would do: She envisions a 4 percent tax surcharge for income over $5 million, meaning that the very highest earners would effectively have a nearly 44 percent top marginal rate. She also envisions implementing a rule so that those with income over $1 million pay at least 30 percent, aimed at preventing high earners from paying low overall rates thanks to the lower capital gains tax. She would also limit the value of tax deductions, and require longer holding periods to get the low   capital gains tax rate, among other steps that would make the tax code less favorable to the affluent. Current: For a married couple making between $18, 551 and $75, 300, the official marginal tax rate is 15 percent. But in practice, about 45 percent of American taxpayers pay no individual income tax (they do pay federal payroll taxes) because of various tax credits that particularly favor families with children. What Mr. Trump would do: He intends to lower taxes across the board in line with a proposal earlier in the year by House Republicans, which reduced the 15 percent income tax bracket to 12 percent. The Tax Foundation estimated that plan would raise   income for families in the    percentiles by 0. 5 percent, and for   taxpayers by 0. 2 percent. Mr. Trump also wants to make child care  . If the policy were implemented as a typical deduction, it would provide no advantage for the 45 percent of people paying no tax and provide the biggest advantages to people in   tax brackets. His campaign has indicated that the Trump administration would find ways to make its advantages shared more broadly, though staffers had no details. What Mrs. Clinton would do: Americans in the bottom 95 percent of income would see little or no change to their taxes under Mrs. Clinton’s plan, according to the Tax Policy Center’s analysis. She wants a child care tax credit as part of a broader effort to make child care more affordable, and while she has not enumerated all the details of what she has in mind, a refundable credit would avoid the problems created by offering a tax deduction and would be valuable for   and   families even if they don’t pay federal income tax. Current: When a person dies, the first $5. 45 million of the estate is exempt from taxation, $10. 9 million for a married couple. Assets above those levels are generally taxed at 40 percent before being passed on to heirs. What Mr. Trump would do: He intends to eliminate the estate tax, or the “death tax” as he and other Republicans refer to it, allowing even the wealthiest people to pass along their assets to heirs without being taxed. What Mrs. Clinton would do: She would lower the levels of exemptions to $3. 5 million for individuals and $7 million for a couple. More families would have to pay, and very wealthy families would pay taxes on a higher portion of their assets. She would also increase the tax rate on affected estates to 45 percent. Current: It’s complicated. The official corporate income tax rate is 35 percent, higher than for most advanced countries. But the United States also offers a complex range of deductions that mean the effective rate  —   what is actually collected by the government  —   is much lower. If that combination of a high rate but low tax collections doesn’t sound very good, congratulations: Tax writers in both political parties agree with you. What Mr. Trump would do: He would sharply cut the top tax rate on corporate profits to 15 percent. And he would apply that rate to partnerships and other types of businesses that currently pass their profits on to individuals who then are taxed at individual income rates as high as 39. 6 percent. He would simultaneously eliminate a wide range of business deductions. With the new, lower rate, businesses that earn money overseas and currently keep it outside the United States would have less incentive to do so. So they might repatriate money, pay the lower tax and invest it at home. The proposal would sharply reduce the tax burden on companies, reducing government revenue by $1. 9 trillion over the next decade, according to the Tax Foundation’s estimate. What Mrs. Clinton would do: She seeks a series of tweaks to the corporate tax code to try to dissuade companies from moving operations abroad to save on taxes. One provision would change a key rule to make it harder to execute “tax inversions,” in which a United States firm merges with a foreign competitor and moves its corporate headquarters overseas in order to get access to lower taxes in the merger partner’s country. Another would limit the deductibility of interest when it is used as a tool to avoid American taxes. A third provision is an “exit tax” on companies that relocate outside the United States without first repatriating earnings kept abroad. Mrs. Clinton has also pitched tax credits for companies that hire workers from apprenticeships or share profits with their workers. In her speech Thursday, she said she would reduce red tape facing small businesses as they try to pay their taxes. Current: The United States is on track to have a budget deficit of $534 billion in the current fiscal year and a total of $9. 3 trillion over the coming decade, the Congressional Budget Office estimates. That would gradually push the total debt relative to the economy to 86 percent from about 75 percent. What Mr. Trump would do: He just overhauled his tax plan on Monday, and there aren’t detailed estimates available yet. But his earlier plan was estimated to reduce federal revenue by $9. 5 trillion over the next decade. If not offset by either huge spending cuts or a major burst in economic growth, that would make cumulative budget deficits over the decade roughly twice as big as they are currently estimated to be, even before accounting for potentially higher interest rates as a result. His new proposal would probably reduce tax revenues by less than his original did, though exactly how much has not been fully modeled. What Mrs. Clinton would do: Her tax proposals are estimated to increase federal revenue by $1. 1 trillion over the decade. She has said she would use that increased revenue to cover the cost of other policy proposals, with the intention of making her overall agenda have a neutral effect on the budget deficit.",0
11109,10 Ways To Help The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe Fight The Dakota Access Pipeline,"Michael (Cliff) Waters Lead Analyst of Energy Transfer Partners 
L.P. 1300 Main St. Houston, Texas 77002 
(713) 989-2404 
[email protected] 

If you are able to actively participate in protecting the sacred land, make the journey to North Dakota and standing with the Standing Sioux Tribe. 

Ariana Marisol is a contributing staff writer for REALfarmacy.com. She is an avid nature enthusiast, gardener, photographer, writer, hiker, dreamer, and lover of all things sustainable, wild, and free. Ariana strives to bring people closer to their true source, Mother Nature. She graduated The Evergreen State College with an undergraduate degree focusing on Sustainable Design and Environmental Science. Follow her adventures on Instagram.",0
11110,Election: Media’s Movie of Reality Failed,"By Jon Rappoport But… After Trump’s stunning victory, the media narrative will continue: Riots are okay. Now we are a nation “deeply divided.” This horrible... ",0
11111,"‘Terrifying’: AT&T spying on Americans for profit, new documents reveal","‘Terrifying’: AT&T spying on Americans for profit, new documents reveal 'If companies are allowed to operate in this manner without repercussions, our democracy has no future' By Nadia Prupis Posted on October 28, 2016 by Nadia Prupis 
Telecommunications giant AT&T is spying on Americans for profit and helped law enforcement agencies investigate everything from the so-called war on drugs to Medicaid fraud—all at taxpayers’ expense, according to new reporting by The Daily Beast . 
The program, known as Project Hemisphere, allowed state and local agencies to conduct warrantless searches of trillions of call records and other cellular data—such as “where a target is located, with whom he speaks, and potentially why”—for a massive range of investigations, the Beast ‘s Kenneth Lipp reports. In one case examined by the news outlet, a sheriff’s office in Victorville, California, used Hemisphere to track down a homicide suspect. 
Hemisphere was first revealed by the New York Times in 2013, but was described at the time as a “partnership” between AT&T and drug enforcement agencies used in counter-narcotics operations. 
Neither, it turns out, is entirely true. 
Lipp writes: 
AT&T’s own documentation—reported here by The Daily Beast for the first time—shows Hemisphere was used far beyond the war on drugs to include everything from investigations of homicide to Medicaid fraud. 
“partnership” but rather a product AT&T developed, marketed, and sold at a cost of millions of dollars per year to taxpayers. No warrant is required to make use of the company’s massive trove of data, according to AT&T documents, only a promise from law enforcement to not disclose Hemisphere if an investigation using it becomes public. 
&T seeks to buy out Time Warner in a mega-merger that media watchdogs are warning would create “dangerous concentrations of political and economic power.” 
said Tuesday , “The for-profit spying program that these documents detail is more terrifying than the illegal [National Security Agency] surveillance programs that Edward Snowden exposed. Far beyond the NSA and FBI, these tools are accessible to a wide range of law enforcement officers including local police, without a warrant, as long as they pay up.” 
It makes me sick to my stomach thinking about it,” Greer said. 
&T went above and beyond to make the operation profitable, Lipp writes. ACLU technology policy analyst Christopher Soghoian told the Beast , Companies have to give this data to law enforcement upon request, if they have it. AT&T doesn’t have to data-mine its database to help police come up with new numbers to investigate.” 
This document here is striking,” Schwartz told Beast . I’ve seen documents produced by the government regarding Hemisphere, but this is the first time I’ve seen an AT&T document which requires parallel construction in a service to government. It’s very troubling and not the way law enforcement should work in this country.” 
At a minimum there is a very serious question whether they should be doing it without a warrant. A benefit to the parallel construction is they never have to face that crucible. Then the judge, the defendant, the general public, the media, and elected officials never know that AT&T and police across America funded by the White House are using the world’s largest metadata database to surveil people,” he said. 
“Customers trusted AT&T with some of their most private information, and the company turned around and literally built a product to sell that information to as many government agencies and police departments as they could. Not only did they fail to have any safeguards to prevent unauthorized use of the data, they actually required law enforcement to keep the program secret and dig up or fabricate other evidence, to hide the fact that they’d received information from AT&T.” 
&T to shut down the program and on the U.S. Department of Justice to investigate Hemisphere and reveal all the cases in which it was used. 
If companies are allowed to operate in this manner without repercussions, our democracy has no future,” Greer said. 
Common Dreams staff writer. Special Reports   .",0
11112,A Majority Agreed She Was Raped by a Stanford Football Player. That Wasn’t Enough. - The New York Times,"At Stanford University, in a conference room above a Starbucks and other shops, a panel of five gathered in June 2015 to decide whether a sexual assault had occurred on campus. Several months later, after a process marred by procedural errors, five different panelists convened to rule on the matter again. The case involved a woman, a sophomore, who had met a player on Stanford’s powerhouse football team at a fraternity party one Saturday night. They went back to her room where, she said, he raped her. He said they had consensual sex. Seeking to avoid the trauma of a police investigation, the accuser turned to the university’s   disciplinary board, one of many on college campuses that adjudicate sexual assault cases, and it would decide whom to believe. If the panel had found that sexual assault had taken place, the man could have been expelled. Both times, three of the five panelists  —   drawn from a pool of administrators, faculty members and students  —   concluded that the man, who remained on the football team throughout the case and is on the roster for a bowl game Friday, committed sexual assault. At many schools, this simple majority vote would have been enough to find the accused responsible. But Stanford had set an uncommonly high bar, requiring at least a   decision. This year, amid growing dissent over how it handles these kinds of cases, Stanford changed its procedure in a way that victims rights advocates say favors the accused. It now requires a unanimous verdict from a   board, making it an outlier among prestigious universities. Only one other school (Duke) in U. S. News  World Report’s list of the country’s top 20 colleges that use such panels has such a stringent requirement. As awareness of sexual assault on college and university campuses has surged, institutions have struggled to balance the desire and legal obligation to cultivate a safe campus, where victims feel comfortable coming forward, with maintaining due process for the accused. At Stanford, however, that effort has set off a particularly vigorous debate, as a school that is an innovator across fields and has a sterling image to protect faces a community in which many believe it has fallen short of leading on one of the thorniest issues of the day. In the case with the football player, the woman, who had gotten a second hearing after presenting evidence of errors in the first proceeding, remains angry and has temporarily left the school to avoid the player. “I realized that I got into this school and deserved to get an education here,” the woman said in an interview. “He was a valued football player, but I had earned my right to be here, too. ” The man, who did not reply to repeated requests for comment, remains enrolled at Stanford and is expected to be a member of the team for its game against North Carolina in the Sun Bowl on Friday. Stanford officials said they could not talk about details of the case because of confidentiality rules and federal law. But they defended the system they have put in place to resolve sexual assault allegations. Stanford’s decision to require a unanimous panel of three, in place since February 2016, stemmed from recommendations made by a task force last year. “In deciding we wanted     panelists, it made sense to go to a   panel,” said Pamela S. Karlan, a Stanford Law professor who is now chairwoman of a sexual assault advisory committee, “and having three people decide something by a preponderance of the evidence seemed to us the appropriate way of deciding whether a   sanction should be imposed on somebody for his or her behavior. ” Reports of sexual assaults on and around Stanford’s campus increased to 39 in 2015, from 21 in 2010, according to data Stanford compiles under federal law, though it is possible victims were coming forward more often, rather than there being more attacks. Still, very few sexual assault cases that have gone through the university’s internal process in recent years have led to any significant punishment for the accused, a fact that Stanford attributes to a rigorous but fair standard to guard against wrongful judgments. Advocates for sexual assault survivors consider it a sign of a system stacked against victims. A New York Times examination of the Stanford case concerning the football player, based in part on a review of more than 100 pages of documents from Stanford’s proceedings, illuminates the school’s struggles and pitfalls in adjudicating these kinds of cases. “Everyone knows sexual assault on campus is a serious problem, and one that is very difficult to tackle,” said David   a professor of comparative literature at Stanford and one of dozens of faculty members who have criticized the school’s sexual assault policies. “Many of my colleagues are deeply concerned about it,” he said, “and want Stanford to be a leader in addressing this issue assertively. ” The woman who made the accusation against the football player said that she decided to speak about it so the public might have a better understanding of the lapses that can occur when such cases are handled internally. The Times is not identifying her or the man she accuses of assault. Last season, as his case was proceeding, the football player was a regular for the Cardinal, which went   and won the   Conference title and the Rose Bowl. The football coach, David Shaw, a member of the N. C. A. A. Commission to Combat Campus Sexual Violence, said in an interview that he was aware that a “proceeding was happening” involving the player, but that he did not know the charge. He said he saw no reason to suspend him from the team without more information. The woman, now 22, frightened she might encounter the man on campus, left the university to study elsewhere last quarter and has not decided whether to return. After the case ended, she sought a temporary restraining order in state court against the man, but was denied, court records show, because the judge found that she did not demonstrate that there was an imminent threat. Stanford was empowered to handle the case internally by Title IX, a federal law dating to 1972 mandating equal access to higher education regardless of gender, and the United States Education Department’s interpretation of that law as requiring universities to carry out investigations of alleged sex crimes on campus. Most campuses now operate under guidelines that the Education Department’s Office for Civil Rights explained to university administrators in a 2011 letter aimed at making students feel safe to report allegations. It urged a legal threshold based on a preponderance of the evidence, the legal standard in civil cases, rather than the higher threshold of beyond a reasonable doubt, used in criminal cases. Many universities had used the “beyond a reasonable doubt” standard, but the vast majority now have adopted the lower standard, including Stanford. At Stanford, the cases rely heavily on written statements from all parties produced by university staff members, rather than on interviews by detectives or forensic evidence, as in a police investigation, which some legal experts assert makes for a less proficient investigation. The accused and accuser appear separately before the panel. Each can submit   questions, for the panel to ask the other, but it does not have to use them. This procedure reflects the broad latitude universities have been given to set up their own methods of examining and adjudicating cases. Many cases never end up before law enforcement because the accusers refuse to cooperate, trusting their universities to take action. Often, the accusers simply want the accused expelled or kept at a safe distance. “All I really wanted was a   order,” the woman said in an interview. “I wanted little things to make being on campus more bearable. I knew he was never going to get suspended or expelled. That’s what kept me moving forward. ” Several independent experts said universities’ obligations to follow the law while supporting both the accused and the accuser as members of the campus community  —   and looking out for their own institutional interests  —   make flaws like those the woman found in her case all but inevitable. “Under Title IX, educational institutions are responsible for being all things to all people: the caregiver, the impartial investigator, adjudicator, sanctioner, trainer and preventer,” Gina Maisto Smith, a former prosecutor whose practice at the   law firm Pepper Hamilton includes advising colleges on Title IX compliance, wrote in an email. “As much as schools are doing it better  —   and they are  —   and as much as they try to separate the   process from the provision of resources and support, many, if not most, institutions lack the resources and dedicated personnel to separate and fulfill each of these roles effectively,” she added. “Even if schools have the resources to do so, exercising oversight of the entire process often leads to a perception of institutional bias and a lack of faith in the reliability of outcomes. ” Advocates for sexual assault victims say that Stanford’s process has made it more difficult for accusers to receive rulings in their favor. Critics say the university has done this to protect its public image Stanford maintains it wants to ensure fairness to the accused in a proceeding with standards lower than a criminal case. “Imagine a senior, who has paid four years of Stanford tuition,” said John W. Etchemendy, the outgoing provost, explaining why Stanford’s system includes significant protections against adverse findings for accused students. “Being expelled is really a   punishment,” he said. “I think we as an institution have a duty to take that very seriously. ” This high bar for accusers has left the university open to criticism from victims’ rights advocates. “They are very keen on protecting the brand over supporting survivors,” said Stephanie Pham, a   of the Stanford Association of Students for Sexual Assault Prevention. “If you ask, ‘Do I feel safe on campus?’ I do. When something happens, though, will Stanford protect me? The feeling is, no, they won’t. To have prevention, you need to hold people accountable. They haven’t. ” Earlier this month, Stanford was sued by a student who accused the university of failing to protect her from a student who she says sexually assaulted her after Stanford had heard at least one sexual assault complaint about him. He was sanctioned only belatedly, barred from campus for 10 years  —   after he graduated. The university called the suit “unfounded. ” Michele Dauber, a Stanford law professor and vocal critic of the university’s policies on sexual assaults, declined to comment on the case involving the football player because she did not know the specifics of it. But she said she doubted that the university’s proceedings complied with Title IX  —   particularly its requirement to have unanimous rulings, the standard in criminal cases, though Stanford’s proceedings are administrative actions. “You have to look at the process holistically, and when you see a series of hurdles and roadblocks, this becomes a very unfriendly place, if not one of the most unfriendly in the nation,” said Ms. Dauber, one of five Stanford professors (including Mr.  ) who wrote an open letter in December 2015 to the provost complaining about the new policy. “The victim should not need to garner three votes to win while the respondent needs to garner only one. That is basic inequality. ” While defending current protocols, Stanford officials acknowledged that the school had relied on a flawed process for investigating campus sexual assault in years past. Before 2010, such cases were handled through the same disciplinary process as less egregious offenses like cheating. Rarely did claims result in students being expelled. That system, Mr. Etchemendy acknowledged, “was not  . ” Stanford then set up what it called the Alternative Review Process, which included the panels that the woman who accused the football player went through. Of the 22 cases adjudicated by its panels, 13 resulted in a finding that the accused had acted improperly. Yet only one student has been expelled for sexual assault since 2014, Stanford officials said, with a few others voluntarily withdrawing, which Stanford counts as an expulsion. (Among them was Brock Turner, the Stanford swimmer whose criminal sentence of six months in jail for sexually assaulting an unconscious woman on campus in 2015 received notoriety for its perceived leniency.) When the new policy was rolled out in February, the aim was to make expulsion the “expected” punishment for sexual assault, though after a panel determines that sexual assault has occurred, it must also decide unanimously to expel a student. Under the new system, one case has produced an expulsion. That outcome came through a “  resolution” process  —   also in the new system  —   allowing the Title IX coordinator to propose a resolution of the case acceptable to both students, forgoing a hearing. It is a process that some other universities have decided is inappropriate to apply to sexual assault cases  —   it potentially creates pressure for an accuser to negotiate with an assailant  —   and that the Department of Education has discouraged. Stanford officials said 10 of 16 cases so far under the current system had been decided in this way. But some faculty members, as well as lawyers who have represented accusers in the process, have objected to this option, calling it a form of plea bargaining. “It is frustrating because universities should be getting this right, and they are not, and the idea that they can keep pushing this under the rug doesn’t make the campus any safer, as we keep seeing as these incidents come to light,” said Crystal Riggins, a lawyer who has represented accusers at Stanford. “The process is complex and takes a long time. It is very difficult to get a   decision from a panel, and these young women are terrified and traumatized and just want it to be done. ” The woman who agreed to talk about her case described an arduous process that took nearly nine months and, she said, was plagued by several lapses. On the afternoon of June 25, 2015, the woman, along with her lawyer, took their places at a crowded table inside the Tresidder Memorial Union at Stanford. Her lawyer was there only for support and was prohibited, under the rules of the proceeding, from guiding her testimony. In the middle of the table was a telephone for the young man to listen to the proceeding. She had about 30 minutes to give her account of what had happened four months earlier. Afterward, the football player was allowed to email   questions to the panel that they could decide to ask or not. She began the hearing feeling that the deck was stacked against her. She said that only the night before did she see the accused’s statement for the first time, and that it included new statements from two of his football teammates. She said she had exchanged emails with an administrator in May and June 2015 and “not once” did that administrator “indicate that any other files had been added to the investigation file, nor did she respond to my previous questions regarding the investigation file,” according to her appeal, which included the email exchange with an assistant dean coordinating the process. When she asked to postpone the hearing so she could ask for redactions of statements that she deemed prejudicial as well as suggest   questions for an investigator to ask the witnesses, she said she was denied without an explanation. “I was told to stick to the facts on my statement, and I did,” she said. “He was allowed to speculate on why I ‘targeted’ him. His teammates, who were not even involved in that night, basically said he was a great guy and was being punished for consensual sex. ” After listening to his version, she said that she offered   questions to the panel. She said that they did not ask them. The next day she was notified that a majority of the panel agreed with her that a sexual assault had occurred, but the football player would not be given a finding of responsibility. By then, she said, she had already missed one quarter of school and would eventually miss two. She was, and remains, in therapy and on anxiety medications. Within days, with the help of a lawyer, she appealed the decision on the grounds that the “investigation process was so inequitable and unfair” that it violated her rights as a victim of sexual assault under Title IX. Along with numerous procedural errors, she said, she was bothered that the man’s status as a football player was injected into the proceedings by him and his teammates. Mr. Etchemendy, the provost, insisted there was no special treatment for athletes or anyone else. Despite two   rulings that the football player had committed sexual assault, Mr. Etchemendy said, the coach of the football team would not have been notified because the player had not been found responsible. The player apparently received no punishment. “Unless there is reason  —   for safety  —   we do not inform the individuals’ teachers, their conductor in the choir if they’re in the choir, the football coach if they’re on the football team, or any other head of an activity that they participate in,” Mr. Etchemendy said. Before the second hearing, the panel saw statements from the accused that said he had been “reassured” by Stanford’s Title IX investigator that “situations like these more times than not result in nothing,” and that a lawyer for the Associated Students of Stanford University had reviewed his response and advised some changes, “but mostly began to sympathize with me,” and said that “what I was going through was unfair. ” The administrator organizing the hearing acknowledged that those statements should have been redacted because they were not testimony germane to whether a sexual assault had occurred. (Under the new system, an outside lawyer decides what will be allowed as evidence.) After the second   panel came back   the accuser appealed again. She asked that Stanford’s Office of Community Standards “issue a   order to protect me” from the accused. One had been in place throughout the months of proceedings. On at least two occasions, the football player had to be asked to leave parties by a resident dean  —   and on another, by campus security  —   because of his apparently violating that order, both the accuser and the accused acknowledged in statements. “The past nine months of my life have been the worst of my life,” she wrote to Greg Boardman, Stanford’s vice provost for student affairs, on Oct. 20, 2015, as part of her appeal. “I’ve experienced fear, anxiety, depression,   and hatred in ways I never imagined during the first 20 years of my life. An introduction to someone new in early February turned into my worst nightmare  —   every woman’s worst nightmare. ” Her appeal for a third hearing and a   order was denied, without explanation. Stanford said that it accommodates accusers even after their cases come up short. They can secure special housing arrangements or even escorts to certain parts of campus. But officials said that they could not impose anything that looked like penalties, even for safety reasons, on those who are found not responsible  —   even if the vote found by   or, now,   that sexual assault had occurred. “I think you would face legal liability to that person if after that process he was told, ‘You can’t be in this part of the campus,’” said Ms. Karlan, the law professor who is chairwoman of the sexual assault advisory committee. The woman is trying to decide whether to return to campus or pursue her degree elsewhere. She said that she loved the school and that she was never happier than in her time there. She is worried about encountering the football player if she returns to campus. “But do I have to leave Stanford to feel safe?” she said. “I’m certain that this isn’t the way the Title IX process was meant to work. ”",0
11113,Hannity on the Media: ’What We’re Seeing Now Is This Unelected Fourth Branch of Gov’t Looking for Retribution’ - Breitbart,"Friday on Fox News Channel’s “Hannity,” host Sean Hannity used his “Opening Monologue” to criticize the media for what he said was an effort to overturn the results of last November’s presidential election.  Transcript as follows: The unelected fourth branch of government, the deep state, is trying to overturn the results of November’s election and throw this president out of office! So how did a bunch of unelected bureaucrats get so much power, feel so emboldened that think they can undermine a duly elected president of the United States and just take over? Plus, after this week’s   assassination attempt on Republican lawmakers, the left’s come together kumbaya moment, like I said last night, is nothing more than an illusion. It is a farce to hide the left’s true intentions. We will expose all of this hypocrisy in tonight’s very important “Opening Monologue. ” All right, so the unelected fourth branch of government is now being aided and abetted by the destroy Trump media, all in a massive effort to damage and destroy President Trump. Now, this week alone, we have seen unprecedented and potentially criminal leaks from the deep state to the liberal Washington Post. Now, the liberal smear machine is masquerading as a news outlet in their reporting, citing, of course, once again anonymous sources that the special counsel is investigating the president for possible obstruction of justice and that Robert Mueller is also looking into Jared Kushner’s finances and business dealings. OK, how is it possible that they dare to leak information almost every single day without any fear of consequences? And by the way, they’re wrong so often. Present Trump responding to that report today, tweeting, quote, “I am being investigated for firing the FBI director by the man who told me to fire the FBI director. That’s a witch hung. ” Now, the president, of course, is referring to the deputy attorney general, Rosenstein, who in a   memo laid out the strongest case on why Comey need to be fired. Now Rosenstein  —   now he wants an investigation by the special counsel to investigate why the president fired Comey and whether or not this was the right thing to do! This is insanity! And by the way, the special counsel now has 13 attorneys. And on top of that, including Hillary Clinton’s attorney and multiple attorneys that donated to both Obama and Hillary Clinton. Now, predictably, the destroy Trump media  —   they’re jumping all over this. They are, of course, hoping that it will lead to President Trump’s downfall. Let me remind you the Washington Post, ABC News, The New York Times, CNN, NBC  —   they have all gotten it wrong on this issue. They all at this point with the American public should have zero credibility. So we have to take these latest   smoking gun reports come out late night every night with a grain of salt. Last night, the deputy attorney general, Rod Rosenstein  —   he issued this statement about trusting these stories about the, quote (ph) coming out of the fake news media. He said this. He said, “Americans should exercise caution before accepting as true any stories attributed to, quote (ph) anonymous officials, particularly when they do not identify the country, let along the branch or the agency of government with which the alleged sources supposedly are affiliated. Americans should be skeptical about anonymous allegations. ” Now, the Department of Justice has a long established policy to neither confirm nor deny such allegations. You know what? I don’t trust that (ph) either, at this point. On top of that, James Comey  —   remember, he testified last week the media has been so dead wrong when it comes to stories about Russia. And by the way, while all that is alarming, it proves everything we have been saying on this program. This deep state, this fourth branch of government, as we’re calling it, doesn’t care about getting the truth to you, the American people. And of course, the media  —   they’re the willing accomplices. Their goal is the exact opposite here. They are selectively leaking information, intelligence information that is meant to damage, in this case, the president of United States of America, which is exactly what we have been seeing now almost on a nightly basis. Here’s a perfect example. James Comey told President Trump he wasn’t under investigation. Somehow, that’s the only one thing that never got leaked to the press. Why? The reason should be obvious. And what’s worse is the growing targets for the deep state. They’ve been successful in totally slowing down the president’s agenda, Congress’s agenda. Now, so far, they haven’t been able to stop him, which means the deep state is now going after anyone who’s even close to the president, including his family and White House advisers, and by the way, even people in the media. The deep state now plans to create as much collateral damage as possible, targeting everyone and everyone (sic) from the president straight on down. So what we’re seeing now is this unelected fourth branch of government looking for retribution, overturning a duly elected election. (sic) And by the way, they’re not going to stop until this president is either stopped or thrown out of office. Here’s the problem. Whoever is leaking this information to the media  —   they need to be arrested. They need to be prosecuted. Every one of them needs to be put in jail. Why hasn’t every Obama holdover been fired? Why have the leakers, you know, not been discovered and arrested at this point? Now, these people have now become a clear and present danger to this country and to you and the things that you care about deeply. Now, because these people now have, of course, done this to the country, well, that raises a lot of questions. Of course, now we have the left and their vicious and vile daily hatred that is now tearing this country apart and creating a climate where what we saw last week is now in some ways even encouraged by some. Now, last night’s   show of unity  —   remember, I’m not falling for it, the kumbaya moment at the congressional baseball game. It was nothing more than an illusion. Now, this week’s   assassination attempt on these Republican lawmakers is the culmination of endless vitriolic rage, animus, hatred towards the president and Republicans. I’m not saying anybody but this individual is responsible, but this atmosphere is so unhealthy. And those that are unhealthy  —   are they susceptible to potential influence of daily lies, misinformation, conspiracy theories? Remember this stunning video from this week. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (EXPLETIVE DELETED) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do we know where he’s at? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do we know where he’s at? (END VIDEO CLIP) HANNITY: Now, after everything that we have seen, can anyone say that they’re surprised that a   lunatic went on a shooting rampage? For example, just this week, an opening night performance, Shakespeare’s Julius Caesar, New York City, or course, featured a Donald Trump lookalike getting what? Savagely murdered. Then of course, this most graphic example that we always warn you about before putting it up on he screen, Kathy Griffin, CNN host, posing like an ISIS fighter with a fake and bloody and severed head of President Trump. And that’s just a few examples of this   vitriol. Remember back in January, Madonna literally threatening, fantasizing about blowing up the White House. Remember this? (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) MADONNA, SINGER: Yes, I’m angry. Yes, I am outraged. Yes, I have thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House. (END VIDEO CLIP) HANNITY: Thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House. Now, leftists, Hollywood liberals  —   they aren’t alone in viciously attacking the president. Then you got the destroy Trump media. Now, for months, 11 months almost, they have done the exact same thing, if not a lot worse. Take a look at what   news looks like. It’s real fake news, though. Take a look. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I understand where you were coming from. I understand why you liked him. But this man is lying to you. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Trump’s critics, those who are worried about this president and this White House, saw a live special television event brought to you by narcissism, thin skin, chaos and deeply personal grievances. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This was a whitelash. This was a whitelash against a changing country. It was a whitelash against a black president, in part. And that’s the part where the pain comes. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: When he said today “America first,” it was not just the racial  —   I mean, the  —   I shouldn’t say “racial,” the Hitlerian background to it. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is a very sad night for the country. You can’t polish this turd. (CROSSTALK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  —   fake news. What if you had called him a fake president? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He’s there with his wife. Here’s there with his whole family, as I say, like the Romanovs. He’s got  —   he’s got Jared, who might be a part of this story (INAUDIBLE) And he’s got his daughter, Ivanka. It’s like a traveling royal Romanov family! UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You can’t defend what the president of the United States just said. (CROSSTALK) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If he took a dump on his desk, you would defend it. (END VIDEO CLIP) HANNITY: And now we’re supposed to believe all of these media folks and Democrats are preaching unity? But yet they have done nothing but smear, slander, besmirch this president for months. In case you forgot. Take a look. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This executive order was   and  . UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Republican leaders and President Trump don’t give a (EXPLETIVE DELETED) about the people they were trying to hurt! UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I will fight every day until he is impeached. Impeach 45! (CHEERS AND APPLAUSE) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Impeach 45! UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This is a bunch of scumbags. That’s what they are —   UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Those are very strong words, Congressman. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  —   who are all organized around making money. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We see nothing that we can work  —   that I can work with President Bush (sic) on. I’m trying really hard to find something positive. This morning, he had three tweets. I was thinking he was more of a creature that stalked the night, that these just came out at night like a vampire (INAUDIBLE) tweet us (ph) these things. But now it’s spread to the morning. (END VIDEO CLIP) HANNITY: And after Wednesday’s   assassination attempt, the HuffingtonPost  —   they had to take down an article calling for the president’s execution. Take a look at the headline we showed you last night, “Impeachment is no longer enough, Donald Trump must face justice. ” And here’s the   “Impeachment, removal from office are only the first steps. For America to be redeemed, Donald Trump must be prosecuted for treason. If convicted in a court of law, executed. ” Beyond disturbing. But there are plenty of other examples. Earlier this week, liberal Hollywood actor,   activist Mark Ruffalo  —   he called on his followers to sign a petition that demands NBC News stop hiring conservatives for   positions, white conservatives? We’ve also seen people like Robert de Niro and Mickey Rourke and Marilyn Manson advocating for violence against this president. And outside of Hollywood, then, of course, you have groups like Black Lives Matter. What do we want, dead cops. When do we want them, now. Pigs in a blanket, fry `em like bacon. Hillary Clinton supported that group. President Obama met with them in the White House! They’ve been spewing hate for years. And by the way, where was their criticism of Kathy Griffin and her ISIS pose? Take a look at Black Lives Matter. (END VIDEO CLIP) PROTESTERS: Pigs in a blanket, fry `em like bacon! Pigs in a blanket, fry `em like bacon! UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (INAUDIBLE) PROTESTERS: Now! UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (INAUDIBLE) PROTESTERS: Now! (END VIDEO CLIP) HANNITY: Also, we have all seen the    anger and rage that is springing up all over college campuses where  —   you know, showing you video  —   Berkeley, California, earlier this year, protesters starting a riot. Why? Because a conservative was going to speak at the university, the home of the Free Speech Movement. Now, while all these examples of hatred are shocking and alarming, they’re not new. Now, the roots of the left’s rage go back decades, if not further. In fact, it is part of the movement’s DNA. You know, groups like the Mayday Labor Movement, the Weather Underground, remember them, led by Barack Obama’s pals, Bill Ayers and Bernadine Dohrn, the Occupy Wall Street movement all started with, subscribed to radical     ideology advocating for using violence to their advantage in their political objectives. So while the Democrats and the left are putting their hate on pause for 24 hours last night, not even 24 hours, you can bet they’re only getting started when it comes to the president, conservatives, Republicans in this country. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
11114,BAKING SODA AND HONEY: REMEDY THAT DESTROYS EVEN THE MOST SEVERE DISEASES,"BAKING SODA AND HONEY: REMEDY THAT DESTROYS EVEN THE MOST SEVERE DISEASES Oct 27, 2016 Previous post 
This amazing remedy will help regain your strength and recover your health, and it can defeat even complex diseases such as cancer! The remedy is made of two ingredients – baking soda and maple syrup, which are an excellent combination against cancer. 
As cancer cells feed on sugar, they let the maple syrup or honey in which leads to their own demise. The function of the sugar here isn’t to feed them, but to destroy them from within. In this way, baking soda is able to enter the cancer cells unnoticeably and alkalize them, effectively destroying whole colonies. 
Here’s how to prepare the remedy: 
Ingredients",0
11115,FREAK: Classroom Evacuated After Teacher Realizes Unshielded Uranium in Classroom,"Share on Facebook Share Tweet Email Print   
A school in Austria had to be suddenly evacuated after it was accidentally discovered that a rock that had long been on display in a classroom was actually composed of radioactive material. 
According to the U.K. Metro , the radioactive rock in a Salzburg school was actually a chunk of uranium , the same metallic element used to fuel nuclear reactors and produce atomic bomb warheads. 
The discovery came when an anti-nuclear lecturer visited the school to deliver a presentation about the danger of nuclear materials, bringing with him an old-school radium-illuminated watch and a Geiger counter to show students how it measured radioactivity, such as the small amount emanating from the watch.   PHOTOS: Everyday Home Hides Most Incredible 1950s Bomb Shelter We’ve Ever Seen 
However, lecturer Thomas Neff soon realized that he was receiving abnormally high readings on the Geiger counter, so he began moving about the room in an effort to track down the anomaly. 
He eventually came upon a display of various rocks, minerals and fossils, in front of which his Geiger counter veritably “exploded” off the charts, giving a reading of 102,000 counts per minute, about 100 times greater than the radioactivity of the watch, which itself was roughly 20 times greater than that which occurs normally. 
Neff quickly halted his lecture and alerted school authorities, who immediately began evacuating students and faculty while experts were brought in to assess the danger and rectify the situation.   
An alert was also sent out to other schools in the region, where subsequent searches of those locations turned up another 38 radioactive rocks in 11 different schools. 
The uranium rocks have now been gathered in a safe place, though there is no word whether any students or teachers became sick from their exposure to the potentially deadly material . 
Please share on Facebook and Twitter to spread this story about radioactive materials in the classroom.  ",0
11116,Leftist Media Outlet Attacks Marines on Memorial Day over ’Toxic Masculinity’ - Breitbart,"  news outlet Vox attacked Marines on Memorial Day, claiming in an article that the Marine Corps has a “toxic masculinity problem. ”[The article, which was simply titled “The Marine Corps has a ‘toxic masculinity’ problem,” continued to claim that the Marine Corps often “marginalizes or mistreats female troops. ”  The Marine Corps has a ”toxic masculinity” problem https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Alex Ward (@AlexWardVox) May 29, 2017,  Citing the Marines United nude photo sharing scandal, Vox staff writer and defense correspondent Alex Ward attempted to link the Marines with systemic sexism and listed ways how the Corps could get rid of their “toxic masculinity. ” “And to be fair, it’s not just the Marines. Sexual assault has increased in other services, and even in military academies,” concluded Ward in the article. “According to one Pentagon review, there were 6, 172 reports of sexual assault last year. ” “So as the service tries to win battles around the world, the most important fight may be the one closest to home,” he continued. “The battle for the soul of the Marine Corps. ” The article was criticized by numerous other journalists on Twitter: Dude who never served 👇 https:  .   —   Peter J. Hasson (@peterjhasson) May 29, 2017,  This piece is very unfortunate https:  .   —   Jon Levine (@LevineJonathan) May 29, 2017,  It’s fucking Memorial Day,  —   Jon Levine (@LevineJonathan) May 29, 2017,  Vox has a ”beta male staff writer” problem https:  .   —   Charlie Nash (@MrNashington) May 29, 2017,  “I’m an   woman. This article is hysterical bullshit,” commented one user, while another added: “Yeah, you know that toxic masculinity saving lives. Just terrible. ” I’m an   woman. This article is hysterical bullshit @voxdotcom. Marines were https:  .   —   Lisa Lisa (@prolifemom123) May 29, 2017,  @AlexWardVox Yeah, you know that toxic masculinity saving lives. Just terrible.  —   MUNTY (@altMonty) May 29, 2017,  @AlexWardVox Good thing they are really good at killing the bad guys and protecting the freedoms of jerkoffs like you,  —   A Foot in Your Ass (@Afootinyourass) May 29, 2017,  Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
11117,Mark Levin: Left Has Turned Violence Mainstream - Breitbart,"CRTV and radio host Mark Levin said Wednesday that when those on the left “dumb down or mainstream violence,” some who are “on the edge  …    become violent and they act out. ”  NOT FUNNY:  Kathy Griffin ’Beheads’ Trump  …     https:  .   —   DRUDGE REPORT (@DRUDGE_REPORT) May 30, 2017,  In an episode of LevinTV, the conservative author addressed the shooting in Alexandria Wednesday by a radical leftist who targeted Republican members of Congress and which left Rep. Steve Scalise ( ) in critical condition. Levin said about the rise in violence on the left: The language is violent, the conduct is violent, and that it is getting increasingly more dangerous. Now, of course, the point is that you have kooks out there. You have people who are on the edge. When you dumb down or mainstream violence, these people become violent and they act out. Breitbart News compiled a list of 15 episodes of leftwing celebrities envisioning violence against President Donald Trump, including comedian Kathy Griffin’s shock “beheading” photo of the president, Madonna’s statement that she has “thought a lot about blowing up the White House,” Joss Whedon’s tweet that he wants a “Rhino to F*ck Paul Ryan to Death,” and Shakespeare in the Park’s stabbing “Trump” to death during a performance of Julius Caesar. Violence solves nothing. I want a rhino to fuck @SpeakerRyan to death with its horn because it’s FUNNY, not because he’s a #GOPmurderbro,  —   Joss Whedon (@joss) January 14, 2017,  “I make no excuses for a murderer or a   murderer like this guy [James] Hodgkinson, but on the other hand I make no excuse either for the rhetoric of the Left, for the media coverage on the Left, for the nature in which our president has been attacked  —   where assassination becomes mainstream,” Levin said. The host showed video of violent leftwing protests, including one in November in which Los Angeles protesters burned Trump in effigy as they shouted, “Not my president. ” “I don’t remember any of that happening with Obama, or Bill Clinton,” he added, asserting the left’s use of violent rhetoric and its insinuations and threats of violence are “beyond the pale. ” Levin likened the kind of violence coming from the left now to that during the 1960s, and referred to it as “ . ” “When Barack Obama’s buddies Bill Ayers and Bernadine Dohrn  —   people like that  —   these underground movements that poisoned our universities and so forth took place,” he said. “And you’ll notice they’re violent, they’re   they’re  . They’re  . ”",0
11118,Julian Assange: Why We Published What We Have on the US Elections,"By Julian Assange / counterpunch.org 
In recent months, WikiLeaks and I personally have come under enormous pressure to stop publishing what the Clinton campaign says about itself to itself. That pressure has come from the campaign’s allies, including the Obama administration, and from liberals who are anxious about who will be elected US President. 
On the eve of the election, it is important to restate why we have published what we have. 
The right to receive and impart true information is the guiding principle of WikiLeaks – an organization that has a staff and organizational mission far beyond myself. Our organization defends the public’s right to be informed. 
This is why, irrespective of the outcome of the 2016 US Presidential election, the real victor is the US public which is better informed as a result of our work. 
The US public has thoroughly engaged with WikiLeaks’ election related publications which number more than one hundred thousand documents. Millions of Americans have pored over the leaks and passed on their citations to each other and to us. It is an open model of journalism that gatekeepers are uncomfortable with, but which is perfectly harmonious with the First Amendment. 
We publish material given to us if it is of political, diplomatic, historical or ethical importance and which has not been published elsewhere. When we have material that fulfills this criteria, we publish. We had information that fit our editorial criteria which related to the Sanders and Clinton campaign (DNC Leaks) and the Clinton political campaign and Foundation (Podesta Emails). No-one disputes the public importance of these publications. It would be unconscionable for WikiLeaks to withhold such an archive from the public during an election. 
At the same time, we cannot publish what we do not have. To date, we have not received information on Donald Trump’s campaign, or Jill Stein’s campaign, or Gary Johnson’s campaign or any of the other candidates that fufills our stated editorial criteria. As a result of publishing Clinton’s cables and indexing her emails we are seen as domain experts on Clinton archives. So it is natural that Clinton sources come to us. 
We publish as fast as our resources will allow and as fast as the public can absorb it. 
That is our commitment to ourselves, to our sources, and to the public. 
This is not due to a personal desire to influence the outcome of the election. The Democratic and Republican candidates have both expressed hostility towards whistleblowers. I spoke at the launch of the campaign for Jill Stein, the Green Party candidate, because her platform addresses the need to protect them. This is an issue that is close to my heart because of the Obama administration’s inhuman and degrading treatment of one of our alleged sources, Chelsea Manning. But WikiLeaks publications are not an attempt to get Jill Stein elected or to take revenge over Ms Manning’s treatment either. 
Publishing is what we do. To withhold the publication of such information until after the election would have been to favour one of the candidates above the public’s right to know. 
This is after all what happened when the New York Times withheld evidence of illegal mass surveillance of the US population for a year until after the 2004 election, denying the public a critical understanding of the incumbent president George W Bush, which probably secured his reelection. The current editor of the New York Times has distanced himself from that decision and rightly so. 
The US public defends free speech more passionately, but the First Amendment only truly lives through its repeated exercise. The First Amendment explicitly prevents the executive from attempting to restrict anyone’s ability to speak and publish freely. The First Amendment does not privilege old media, with its corporate advertisers and dependencies on incumbent power factions, over WikiLeaks’ model of scientific journalism or an individual’s decision to inform their friends on social media. The First Amendment unapologetically nurtures the democratization of knowledge. With the Internet, it has reached its full potential. 
Yet, some weeks ago, in a tactic reminiscent of Senator McCarthy and the red scare, Wikileaks, Green Party candidate Stein, Glenn Greenwald and Clinton’s main opponent were painted with a broad, red brush. The Clinton campaign, when they were not spreading obvious untruths, pointed to unnamed sources or to speculative and vague statements from the intelligence community to suggest a nefarious allegiance with Russia. The campaign was unable to invoke evidence about our publications—because none exists. 
In the end, those who have attempted to malign our groundbreaking work over the past four months seek to inhibit public understanding perhaps because it is embarrassing to them – a reason for censorship the First Amendment cannot tolerate. Only unsuccessfully do they try to claim that our publications are inaccurate. 
WikiLeaks’ decade-long pristine record for authentication remains. Our key publications this round have even been proven through the cryptographic signatures of the companies they passed through, such as Google. It is not every day you can mathematically prove that your publications are perfect but this day is one of them. 
We have endured intense criticism, primarily from Clinton supporters, for our publications. Many long-term supporters have been frustrated because we have not addressed this criticism in a systematic way or responded to a number of false narratives about Wikileaks’ motivation or sources. Ultimately, however, if WL reacted to every false claim, we would have to divert resources from our primary work. 
WikiLeaks, like all publishers, is ultimately accountable to its funders. Those funders are you. Our resources are entirely made up of contributions from the public and our book sales. This allows us to be principled, independent and free in a way no other influential media organization is. But it also means that we do not have the resources of CNN, MSNBC or the Clinton campaign to constantly rebuff criticism. 
Yet if the press obeys considerations above informing the public, we are no longer talking about a free press, and we are no longer talking about an informed public. 
Wikileaks remains committed to publishing information that informs the public, even if many, especially those in power, would prefer not to see it. WikiLeaks must publish. It must publish and be damned. 
Julian Assange is the founder of Wikileaks. His most recent book is The Wikileaks Files (Verso). 0.0 ·",0
11119,Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Win Easily in New York Primary - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump wrested back control of the Republican presidential race on Tuesday with a commanding victory in the New York primary, while Hillary Clinton dealt a severe blow to Senator Bernie Sanders with an unexpectedly strong win that led her to declare that the Democratic nomination was “in sight. ” The     Mr. Trump was poised to take most of the 95 Republican delegates at stake, substantially adding to his current lead over Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and significantly improving his chances of winning the Republican nomination. Mr. Cruz came away with no delegates, a major setback, while Gov. John Kasich of Ohio had a shot at picking up some in Manhattan and the capital region. Mrs. Clinton’s decisive victory ended a string of wins by Mr. Sanders and gave her more delegates than her advisers expected. Her base of support was Long Island, the five boroughs, and upstate cities, with female and black and Hispanic voters turning out for her in especially strong numbers. The two hometown winners beamed throughout their victory speeches, but it was Mr. Trump who particularly seemed like a different candidate. As he spoke in the lobby of Trump Tower, there were no freewheeling presentations of steaks and bottled water, as in the past. There was no reference to “Lyin’ Ted” or “Crooked Hillary” he called his opponent “Senator Cruz” instead, and made no mention of Mrs. Clinton. He also took no questions from the news media. And his speech sounded more presidential than any other he has given on an election night  —   a focused, tightened message about trade and the economy as he prepares to campaign in states hit hard by manufacturing industry losses. The speech reflected the growing influence of Paul Manafort, whom Mr. Trump empowered to help him win the nomination and who has taken on a greater purview, including messaging. “Our jobs are being sucked out of our states,” Mr. Trump said. “One of the big problems is economy and jobs, and that is my wheelhouse. ” He said, twice, that he was going to get up and go back to work for the nomination on Wednesday morning, a clear message about the intensity he is bringing to the fight. In the Democratic race, Mrs. Clinton was set to win roughly 30 more delegates than Mr. Sanders, out of 247 at stake. She already had a lead of more than 200 delegates in the race. Smiling broadly throughout her victory speech, Mrs. Clinton drew cheers as she thanked her adopted home state and then boomed, “Today, you proved once again, there’s no place like home. ” “The race for the Democratic nomination is in the home stretch and victory is in sight,” Mrs. Clinton added, reflecting the overwhelming mathematical advantage she has in delegates. Sanders advisers had said that beating Mrs. Clinton in her adopted home state represented one of their campaign’s best opportunities to damage her candidacy and sow doubts about her strength as a   nominee. On Tuesday, however, Mrs. Clinton drew deep support among women and blacks  —   two groups that have been essential for her in many states  —   while Mr. Sanders was outpacing her among white men and people under 45, according to exit polls. “Bernie Sanders got very negative attacking Hillary Clinton and dividing the party in New York, and I think he now has to ask himself if he wants to keep going down that path,” said Jay Jacobs, a Clinton supporter who is the Democratic chairman in Nassau County on Long Island. “After New York, we’re moving into a phase of the campaign where we have to start uniting the party. ” Mr. Sanders and his team spent Tuesday looking past New York. Mr. Sanders held a rally at Pennsylvania State University in State College on Tuesday night, then flew home to Burlington, Vt. and spoke to reporters just after the race was called. “There are five primaries next week and we think we are going to do well and we think we have a path toward victory,” Mr. Sanders said. He also expressed concern about the closed primary system in New York and said he hoped it would change in the future. “Some three million New Yorkers were unable to vote today because they were registered as independents,” Mr. Sanders said. “That makes no sense to me. ” The Sanders campaign spent roughly $2 million more than the Clinton campaign on television ads in New York. The magnitude of the loss  —   both in the popular vote and in delegates  —   was steep for Mr. Sanders, who said he intended to get “recharged and take a day off. ” The senator’s advisers were optimistic that he would perform strongly in next Tuesday’s primaries in Pennsylvania as well as in Rhode Island and Connecticut. The other two states voting next week, Delaware and Maryland, are widely seen as Clinton strongholds. The Sanders campaign is already running television ads in those five states and Indiana, which votes May 3. “Bernie is in good shape going forward no matter who wins New York,” said Tad Devine, a senior adviser on the Sanders campaign. “We could win enough delegates in Pennsylvania and Indiana to catch up further to her, and we have good opportunities all the way through California,” which votes June 7. Still, Mr. Devine acknowledged, “we’re going to have to have some big wins at the end” of the primary and caucus season. Mrs. Clinton, a former senator from New York, received support from roughly six in 10 Democrats on Long Island, and she overwhelmed Mr. Sanders in Manhattan, Queens and the Bronx. Mr. Sanders won many upstate rural counties, where few votes were cast, and he also did well in the Hudson Valley, given the enclaves of liberals and college students. On a major issue in their campaign, nearly   of Democratic primary voters said that Wall Street does more to hurt the American economy than to help it, and a majority of those voters backed Mr. Sanders. But Mrs. Clinton received even stronger support from those who said Wall Street helps the economy. By a slim margin, Republican primary voters also said that Wall Street does more to hurt the economy than help it. Within the Trump campaign on Tuesday night, euphoria mixed with eagerness to move onto a number of states that are likely to be friendly to Mr. Trump. There have been other pivotal points in the Trump campaign, moments when he was described as becoming newly serious. It never stuck with the famously     candidate. But Mr. Manafort is someone whom Mr. Trump views as something of a peer. No matter the margin of victory, New York Republicans gave Mr. Trump a restorative psychic boost after weeks when Mr. Cruz scored a big victory in the Wisconsin primary and outmaneuvered the Trump campaign in Colorado, Wyoming and elsewhere in winning and electing delegates backing his candidacy. Mr. Trump now has clear momentum heading into the next week’s primaries  —   so much so that he evinced fresh optimism on Tuesday about ultimately getting to the 1, 237 delegates needed to capture the nomination. “I think I’ll get there,” Mr. Trump said in an interview before the polls closed. New York has not been home to leading presidential candidates in both parties since the 1944 campaigns of Franklin D. Roosevelt and Thomas E. Dewey, so the voting by Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump merited unusual news media coverage on Tuesday morning. As a light mist fell, Mrs. Clinton and former President Bill Clinton cast their votes at an elementary school in their adopted town of Chappaqua. As news photographers and cameramen kept encroaching on her while she tried to vote, Mrs. Clinton finally shooed them away. “Guys, it’s a private ballot,” she said. The Democratic vote was marred by major irregularities at polling places across Brooklyn. The city comptroller’s office announced that the Board of Elections had confirmed that more than 125, 000 Democratic voters in Brooklyn were dropped between November and this month, while about 63, 000 were added  —   a net loss that was not explained. Mayor Bill de Blasio described “the purging of entire buildings and blocks of voters,” while the comptroller, Scott Stringer, said his office would audit the Board of Elections. Mr. Trump voted for himself midmorning in New York City, which he called “a great honor” as he entered his apartment building. In the interview later, Mr. Trump described the experience of seeing his name on the ballot, saying he was moved by the enormity of what it means. “It does sort of hit you,” he said. Mr. Trump won majorities in all regions except for rural upstate areas. Some Republicans questioned why Mr. Cruz spent so little time in upstate New York, where Mr. Trump’s support two weeks ago was softer than it appeared. Instead, Mr. Cruz devoted his time mostly to the city and to fundraising. The primary was a seminal moment for Mr. Trump, both tactically in terms of delegates needed to clinch the nomination, and mentally, as he tries to right the ship after a rough couple of weeks that prompted him to reshuffle his small team of advisers, adding the seasoned campaign hand, Mr. Manafort. The coming weeks will test whether Mr. Trump can temper his message and his style for a new phase of the race, one where running a traditional campaign matters more than his ability to rally crowds. Indeed, Mr. Trump’s tone throughout the day was focused on what he repeatedly called, in interviews, a “corrupt” and “rigged” nominating process. Alfonse M. D’Amato, the former United States senator and a backer of Mr. Kasich, said the New York results would be critical for Mr. Trump to rebound in his fight with Mr. Cruz. “This will give him momentum that he needs after his setbacks,” Mr. D’Amato said.",0
11120,WW3 – Britain sends hundreds of soldiers and tanks to Russian border in biggest military deployment since Cold War,"WW3 – Britain sends hundreds of soldiers and tanks to Russian border in biggest military deployment since Cold War   Tweet 
A total of 800 troops, drones and tanks are moving to Estonia as part of the biggest military build up on Russia’s borders since the Cold War 
“Although we are leaving the European Union, we will be doing more to help secure the eastern and southern flanks of NATO,” Mr Fallon said. 
London is also sending Typhoon fighter aircraft to Romania to patrol around the Black Sea, partly in support of Turkey.",0
11121,Hacking the System - Part FOUR Twenty Thousand Dollar Wire Transfer Returned,"Hacking the System - Part FOUR Twenty Thousand Dollar Wire Transfer Returned # soundcloud.com 0 
How The Project Establishing the Cover of The Investigator.Setting up the Business Relationship by an Investment of $20,000 got them access to Robert Creamer and the rest of AUFC .After getting a member of The Projects Team an Internship with the DNC Voter Registration Team subsequent meetings occurred and planning began for further opportunities. Thus opening the Door for The Team to Investigate Further. When News of The Projects Videos got out the DNC Voter Registration Team wanted to return the Money because of concerns that ""The Money may be from Foreign Investment"". But why did they take the Money in the first place and Why did hey need the Money so badly that First month??? Tags",0
11122,‘He’s Been Possessed By Sarah Palin!’: Hannity’s INSANE Late-Night Twitter Ramble Goes VIRAL (VIDEO),"  
This election is causing millions of Americans a lot of stress. However, some are cracking under pressure more than most. 
Take for example Fox News’ Sean Hannity, who last week decided to express himself in some weird variant of “Palin-speak” over something to do with Josh Ernest, President Obama,”DT,” the “liberal media,” Canada, and finally Kenya. Image via Mediaite . 
Mediaite used its team of scientist to try and decipher this strange message that many theorize (actually probably just me) may have originated from an ancient extra-terrestrial right-wing alien entity. 
“Hey, liberal media. It was White House press secretary Josh Earnest who refused to answer the question: will Obama stay in the US if Donald Trump wins? I said I’d pay a charter to any country they chose . I mentioned Canada, where the satire piece was written , and Kenya, where he once visited. Also, I am in need of serious professional help.” 
By the way, the link that Hannity sent belongs to a site run by professional alt-right Twitter troll, Chuck Johnson, who was suspended from Twitter in May for threatening a civil rights activist. 
Since then Hannity has unfortunately deleted the gloriously “drunken tweet” in question. 
However, that didn’t stop the heartless, ruthless bastards on Twitter from trolling poor Hannity like there was no tomorrow. He's been possessed by Sarah Palin! https://t.co/k7N06DWfQK",0
11123,New Grooming Scandal Fears as Police Investigate Almost 200 Sex Crimes in One Small Town - Breitbart,"Officers have said they are investigating almost 200 cases of child sex abuse in Keighley, prompting fears of a ‘new Rochdale’ grooming gang in the small Yorkshire town. [West Yorkshire Police are reportedly investigating 179 new sex crimes involving 165 suspects in the small mill town, described as the nation’s ‘capital’ of child grooming.  Situated just outside Bradford, Keighley has a population of 56, 000, including more than 12, 000 Muslims, and the town boasts eight mosques. Last year 12 men were jailed for more than 140 years between them for the abuse of one    girl in Keighley, who the gang repeatedly raped over a period of 13 months   —   on one occasion five men “lining up” and taking it in turns to abuse her. A report into the case found the girl was known to police and services but let down, just as in the Rochdale scandal recently dramatised by the BBC. Local MP, Conservative Kris Hopkins, has warned that the town is “top of the list” for ‘Asian’ grooming gangs targeting white children to be sexually abused. “I am very well aware that there are numerous white paedophiles out there and they should be dealt with just as harshly,” he told the Telegraph and Argus after the Keighley gang were jailed. “But the sick model of organised groups of Asian men grooming young white girls to be sexually abused remains a blight at the heart of many communities across this country. “And sadly, Keighley is at the top of the list. ” Serious sexual abuse including the rape of vulnerable teenage girls took place in Rochdale between 2005 and 2013, with girls as young as 14 plied with vodka, threatened with violence and passed around men for sex. In February, four members of the gang failed in their bid to appeal moves by the government to strip them of their British passports. The UK’s most senior immigration judge, Mr Justice Bernard McCloskey, warned   lawyers were using tactics of obstructing the courts and time wasting in their bid to help the child sex grooming gang escape attempts to deport them.",0
11124,Biden to Electoral Vote Objection: ’It Is Over’ - Breitbart,".@VP Biden: ”It is over. ”#ElectoralCollege pic. twitter.  During a joint session of Congress to certify the Electoral College results on Friday, Vice President Joe Biden gaveled down an objection to Georgia’s Electoral College results before ending the exchange over the objection with, “it is over. ”  After an objection was raised to the certification of the Electoral College results from Georgia by Representative Pramila Jayapal ( ) Biden gaveled her down saying that any objection must be in writing and signed by both a member of the House and a member of the Senate. Biden asked Jayapal if her objection met those requirements, to which Jayapal responded, “Mr. President, even as people waited hours in Georgia and  — ” Biden then gaveled her down again to state that the objection needed signatures from a member of the House and a member of the Senate. After Jayapal said in response that the objection had been signed by a member of the House, but not a member of the Senate, Biden stated, “Well, it is over. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
11125,’NieR: Automata’ – ’Glory to Mankind’ Trailer - Breitbart,"Platinum Games is bringing Nier: Automata, the sequel to   action RPG Nier, to the Playstation 4 on March 7 as players fight extraterrestrial machines as android protectors of humanity.",0
11126,Pentagon Makes STUNNING Reversal On Enlistment Bonus Repayments,"You are here: Home / US / Pentagon Makes STUNNING Reversal On Enlistment Bonus Repayments Pentagon Makes STUNNING Reversal On Enlistment Bonus Repayments October 26, 2016 Pinterest 
It was recently announced that members of the California National Guard who were deployed overseas would have to pay back enlistment bonuses to the government. 
The troops were deployed nearly ten years ago, and the Pentagon offered bonuses to encourage enlistment. Average bonuses were around $15,000. However, it turns out that only certain enlisted soldiers in specific intelligence, civl affairs, and non-commissioned officer roles were eligible for these bonuses, according to CNN . 
The call-back from the Pentagon was going to set people back an extraordinary amount of money, dollars that these people had come to depend on. Because of the government’s mistakes, those who served in the military were going to be forced to give that money back. 
However, the Pentagon is issuing a reversal of that order. 
Fox News reported : 
BRUSSELS – U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter has ordered the Pentagon to stop seeking repayments of enlistment bonuses given to California National Guard members who served overseas. 
His decision comes in the wake of angry reaction from members of Congress who demanded he relieve the burden on the Guard members. And the White House said President Barack Obama has warned the Defense Department not to “nickel and dime” service members who were victims of fraud by overzealous recruiters. 
In a statement issued during a meeting of defense ministers in Brussels, Carter said effort to collect reimbursement should stop “as soon as is practical” and will continue until a process to help the troops deal with the problem is worked out. 
It is a good thing that those who received these bonuses are not being forced to give them back. Granting of enlistment bonuses to those who were not eligible is a bad mistake that is the fault of the government, not the soldiers being deployed. The soldiers and their families should not have to suffer hardship for mistakes made by top Pentagon officials. 
Unfortunately, this is just the latest in a long history of reckless handling of finances by the Pentagon. I recently reported on how the Pentagon cannot account for over $6.5 trillion in its budget. That’s trillion with a T. 
Yet where is the outrage? It’s almost non-existent. Maybe it’s because we don’t fathom how much a trillion really is. 
Nonetheless, the Pentagon needs to be reined in. Their pattern of reckless spending is not one that can be tolerated. (And, no, effectively punishing the troops for top officials’ mistakes is not an option).",0
11127,"Home Invasion Suspect Wearing Only Underwear Shot, Killed After Attacking Pastor and Family - Breitbart","An alleged home invader wearing only underway was shot and killed after breaking into a pastor’s home and attacking the pastor and pastor’s wife. [The incident occurred around 2 a. m. in Cypress, Texas.  According to ABC 13, Harris County Sheriff’s Sgt. Felipe Rivera said, “The door is kicked in and that’s how the family wakes up to discover the intruder in the residence. ” Pastor Lorenzo Martinez and his wife, Gloria Martinez, were home —  as were members of their extended family. Pastor Martinez’s daughter, Naarai Olvera, said, “[The suspect] just started hitting my dad then he hit my mom, then my brother woke up and my brother started hitting him. ” Olvera said the suspect punched her mother in the nose numerous times and was not fazed when her brother intervened to try to stop him. She said, “He just kept attacking, he would not stop. ” Sgt. Rivera said, “He wasn’t running from anybody. He was attacking. In my opinion, he was in an attacking mode. ” Olvera said the suspect eventually allegedly kicked in the door to the room in which her    his wife, and children slept. At that point the    shot and killed the suspect. She added, “We are a Christian family, we don’t believe in killing anybody. But we had to do what we had to do to protect our family and protect our little kids. ” Investigators believe the suspect parked a Lincoln sedan about half a mile from the house, then walked to the house and attacked. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
11128,"Syrian War Report – November 4, 2016: Govt Forces Repel Fierce Militant Advance in Aleppo","Be the First to Comment! Leave a Reply Click here to get more info on formatting (1) Leave the name field empty if you want to post as Anonymous. It's preferable that you choose a name so it becomes clear who said what. E-mail address is not mandatory either. The website automatically checks for spam. Please refer to our moderation policies for more details. We check to make sure that no comment is mistakenly marked as spam. This takes time and effort, so please be patient until your comment appears. Thanks. (2) 10 replies to a comment are the maximum. (3) Here are formating examples which you can use in your writing:<b>bold text</b> results in bold text <i>italic text</i> results in italic text (You can also combine two formating tags with each other, for example to get bold-italic text.)<em>emphasized text</em> results in emphasized text <strong>strong text</strong> results in strong text <q>a quote text</q> results in a quote text (quotation marks are added automatically) <cite>a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited</cite> results in: a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited <blockquote>a heavier version of quoting a block of text...</blockquote> results in: a heavier version of quoting a block of text that can span several lines. Use these possibilities appropriately. They are meant to help you create and follow the discussions in a better way. They can assist in grasping the content value of a comment more quickly. and last but not least:<a href=''http://link-address.com''>Name of your link</a> results in Name of your link (4) No need to use this special character in between paragraphs:  ; You do not need it anymore. Just write as you like and your paragraphs will be separated. The ""Live Preview"" appears automatically when you start typing below the text area and it will show you how your comment will look like before you send it. (5) If you now think that this is too confusing then just ignore the code above and write as you like. Search articles",0
11129,Bait and Switch Elections,"Posted on October 26, 2016 by Admin 
By Vekar 
One thing I have yet to see anyone bring up is how this “election” could be bait and switch at the last minute. In order to understand this however I need to explain the unique possibilities the NWO has created with these two “candidates” and how this is in fact a very old card from the 1900’s. 
First we have Trump, everyone loves Trump because Trump is not Hillary, therefore he must be better, it is an argument based on the following: Stalin killed 47 million and one while Mao killed 47 million and TWO so Stalin is better than Mao! Trump is outright the “let’s go back to sleep” candidate, Hillary is not. Already I have seen and heard more than enough about how if only Trump goes in then at least four more years have been bought and the nation will survive juts four more years. 
From the so called “militia” and “patriots” at AWRM and the “Intelligence” Report they yammer that if only Trump goes in then we can POSTPONE the coming war or buy ourselves more time to prepare, after all, they claim “time favors us not the enemy.” All this bearing in mind that Trump has gone back on his word many times, changed his mind, flip flopped on illegals, wants a bigger police state, is the most hated in the media, etc. Now let’s compare the next runner up quickly. 
Hillary, it is currently chic to hate Hillary, you’re not in style if you like her, she will end the nation, doom the world and so on. Never mind that both Trump and Hillary were put up by the NWO, you are not allowed to run otherwise, this is old news. She is going to cause more war, she is a liar, cheat, she betrayed the nation, etc. Yet both her and Trump met with Netanyahu behind closed doors and apparently received his blessing to proceed, it is a trap and we should all know it and see it clearly. She is also the darling of the media. 
Both of them have in common the 1900’s rise to power theme of Lenin and Hitler, both take after these two for both nations (Germany and Russia) were in collapse or outright collapsed, debauchery was the rule as well as corruption. Hillary is like Lenin, she is going in red banners flying and the Cheka on her heels to remove any “undesirables.” She is going to finish the job and push the agenda to the hilt even if it takes war to do it. Trump on the other hand is following Hitlers script, offering hope without promising anything except a bigger government, more powerful police state, etc. Trump will also see the plan to fruition but there is a subtle nuance between these two: one is offering to do it with an iron fist in a velvet glove the other is simply the iron fist. 
Now comes the problem people are not seeing: if they force Hillary in despite all the public outrage then we know for a fact they have reached a level of preparation that is adequate to dealing with public backlash, even insurrection should it be minor or full. If they put Trump in then they are taking the back street approach because they have not gathered the resources yet to put us down and need to put someone in who will quiet the public just like Obama did for a time. This election is about purchasing time; nothing more, nothing less. 
If Trump is put in then already we can see that most are going straight back to bed and not getting up for another four years at minimum, maybe eight. The militias and other “patriot” groups will declare a “partial victory” and that they can bury their guns again and whistle Dixie. They are mortified of having to take action so Trump is their obvious choice. Hillary on the other hand represents that steamroller coming down the hill at full tilt, they do not want that and seek to avoid it rather than fight it. The reality is time does NOT favor us here, time favors the enemy. If time favored us then we would not be here, diminished and in dire straits. Imagine how much could have been avoided had the militia stood up during Waco, again time favored the enemy. Ruby Ridge? Time favored the enemy as they whittle away and build their power base up bit by bit. They are not fools. 
Consider those two possibilities then consider this: If Trump goes in and goes along with the “war with Russia” if indeed that is the plan for WW3 they laid out more than SIXITY years ago admittedly, people are FAR more willing to join Trumps army and go fight than they would Hillary. Something else to consider is perhaps they want a second civil war. Put Hillary in KNOWING it will cause an insurrection, fake one which we know they can do… Have Trump “reluctantly” take the reins and like Davis lead the way in marching the fools single file into the enemy guns just like the first one causing mass casualties for nothing. A second civil war of this sort would favor the enemy for it would absolutely end the nation, but who would fight for Hillary? Oh right, THAT’S why they are bringing in all those foreigners and foreign troops! Just change the uniform quickly and voila! Some would suggest this would favor the American Nationals… Not really, rather than fight intelligently for the Bill of Rights they would be fighting for TRUMP! They would be fighting to bleed us dry like the Confederates did in the civil war fighting “by the rules” and it cost them dearly. Only by fighting by OUR OWN RULES can we win, Trump would allow them to guide the slaughter one way or another all the while weakening us. Remember, the end game is to destroy ABSOLUTELY the last vestiges of Americans and our culture, whatever may be left of it, which is not much if anything. 
Perhaps the above is where those warning about the “coming breakup of America” will occur, perhaps, perhaps not, but they now have the OPTION to do so! I want you to think on all this and let your mind run wild with other possibilities, but just remember that they are right now lining the ducks up (you) while the firing squad is forming up and loading their rifles. No matter WHAT you believe will be the outcome of this and no matter what happens one way or another know that this is all preplanned and they would NEVER allow this situation unless they had a humdinger of a plan hidden just beneath the surface, I hope I scratched that surface for you. Like you, they have a plan A, B, C and D, it is why they have succeeded for more than two centuries! Do not take them for the fool, they have proven they are not. 
So maybe we will get Trump and the populace will quiet down while the communists march on with a different uniform, Cheka versus Gestapo. Then again Hillary might go in and just finish things and be done with it or prep the nation for the next phase. No matter what happens, be ready for it and do not let them sucker you into believing this honest or that TRUMP is honest! They are both in on it together! They merely represent two different paths for them to reach their ultimate goal! Share this:",0
11130,"В результате столкновений в Венесуэле погиб полицейский, двое ранены","Короткая ссылка 27 октября 2016, 04:37 Министр внутренних дел Венесуэлы Нестор Ревероль заявил, что в результате столкновений при попытке рассеять акцию протеста оппозиции в венесуэльском штате Миранда погиб сотрудник полиции, ещё двое получили ранения. 
«Силы правопорядка попытались разогнать манифестацию. Со стороны ее участников по ним был открыт огонь. К сожалению, один сотрудник полиции штата Миранда, Хосе Алехандро Молина Рамирес, был убит, двое были ранены. Один — из огнестрельного оружия, а другому была нанесена травма тупым предметом», — приводит телеканал Globovision заявление Ревероля. 
По словам министра, задержаны двое подозреваемых, в отношении них заведено уголовное дело. 
Ранее губернатор штата Миранда Энрике Каприлес Радонски возложил ответственность за столкновения, произошедшие 26 октября в ходе массовых протестов в Венесуэле, на президента страны Николаса Мадуро. Подписывайтесь на наш Telegram , чтобы быть в курсе самых важных новостей. Для этого достаточно иметь Telegram на любом устройстве, пройти по ссылке и нажать кнопку Join.",0
11131,White House Denies Fake News of National Guard Immigration Force,"The White House is flatly denying media reports that the Trump Administration is considering using national guard troops as immigration officers to round up illegal aliens. [“There is no effort at all to round up, to utilize the National Guard to round up illegal immigrants,” White House press secretary Sean Spicer said of the report, The Hill reported. “That is 100% not true. It is false. It is irresponsible to be saying this. ”  Spicer continued, “I don’t know what could potentially be out there, but I know that there is no effort to do what is potentially suggested. ” The Associated Press reported on a leaked “draft memo” claiming that up to 100, 000 National Guard troops could be used to round up unauthorized immigration. The AP reported the plan would round up illegal aliens living nowhere near the Mexican border. The headline appears to falsely claim “Trump weighs mobilizing Nat Guard for immigration roundups. ” Department of Homeland Security Spokesman David Lapan responded to an inquiry from Breitbart Texas stating, “The Department is not considering mobilizing the National Guard for immigration enforcement. ” The AP report claims: Four states that border on Mexico are included in the proposal  —   California, Arizona, New Mexico and Texas  —   but it also encompasses seven states contiguous to those four  —   Oregon, Nevada, Utah, Colorado, Oklahoma, Arkansas and Louisiana. Governors in the 11 states would have a choice whether to have their guard troops participate, according to the memo, written by U. S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, a retired   Marine general. While National Guard personnel have been used to assist with   missions on the U. S.  border before, they have never been used as broadly or as far north. The memo is addressed to the   heads of U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and U. S. Customs and Border Protection. It would serve as guidance to implement the   executive order on immigration and border security that President Donald Trump signed Jan. 25. Such memos are routinely issued to supplement executive orders. The AP claims the   January 25 “draft memo,” addressed to Obama holdovers in the CBP, calls for the troops to “perform the functions of an immigration officer in relation to the investigation, apprehension, and detention of aliens in the United States. ” Breitbart Texas reached out to Texas Governor Greg Abbott for comment on the alleged plans. “The Office of the Governor has not received, much less seen, a memo or request from the White House or Department of Homeland Security regarding the use of Texas National Guard troops for immigration enforcement,” Governor Abbott’s Spokesman John Wittman responded. “The White House has adamantly denied there are efforts underway to mobilize the National Guard for this purpose. ” The governors of Arizona, Utah, Nevada, California, Colorado, Oklahoma, Oregon and New Mexico told the AP they were unaware of the memo. Editor’s Note: This article has been updated with additional information. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.",0
11132,"‘I Quit,’ Handcuffed Man Says in Video of Fatal Encounter With Georgia Police - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   As Chase Sherman was returning home with his parents and fiancée from his brother’s wedding in November, he began to hallucinate. Apparently reacting to synthetic marijuana he took days earlier, he bit his girlfriend and tried to jump out of the back seat of the car as the family drove through Georgia toward Florida. About an hour outside Atlanta, at Mile Marker 55 on Interstate 85, his fiancée pulled over the car and his mother called the police, hoping they would help calm Mr. Sherman, 32. Less than a   later, Mr. Sherman, who worked at a   parasailing business on the Gulf Coast, was dead. He was stunned numerous times with Taser guns carried by two sheriff’s deputies, while handcuffed in the back seat of a rental car. Like other recent episodes involving the police, this one was captured on video, in this case by body cameras worn by the sheriff’s deputies as they tried to subdue Mr. Sherman. The video, a copy of which was obtained in recent days by The New York Times, is similar to recordings of fatal encounters involving law enforcement officers in Chicago North Charleston, S. C. and Staten Island. Each one depicts in stark terms a response from officers that resulted in a death. In this instance, there are no racial overtones: Both Mr. Sherman and the deputy sheriffs are white. The footage from Georgia was released Friday by prosecutors in Coweta County in response to requests from the family and the news media. It shows the sheriff’s deputies struggling to subdue Mr. Sherman as he tried to get out of the car, stunning him repeatedly with their Taser guns while he was handcuffed, and reacting frantically after realizing he was dead. Mr. Sherman’s death was a homicide due to “an altercation with law enforcement with several trigger pulls of an electronic control device,” according to his death certificate, which said that he had been shoved to the floor of the car and that his torso was compressed “by the body weight of another individual. ” “How can they do this when they know someone is having a breakdown?” said L. Chris Stewart, a lawyer for the Sherman family. “Once they started shocking him, how can someone comply when they’re being electrocuted over and over again?” Kevin and Mary Ann Sherman, Chase Sherman’s parents, said they were not sure what had caused their son’s odd behavior. They said they first became concerned when he began acting erratically while they were in the Dominican Republic for the wedding. Chase told his mother that he had taken the synthetic marijuana the day before they traveled there. “He was scared when we were down there,” Ms. Sherman said. “He said he heard different bad things were happening in different countries. He would see a couple of things that weren’t there. He thought people were watching him, and he didn’t want to go anywhere without his mom and dad or brother. ” But his parents said he had seemed fine on the flight back to Atlanta, where they were to change planes and continue their trip home to Destin, Fla. Then, as they waited at the Atlanta airport, Mr. Sherman grew agitated. The family decided it would be better to drive the rest of the way, so they rented a car. Not long into the drive, Mr. Sherman began trying to jump out of the car. “I couldn’t keep him in the car  —   he didn’t know where he was and was disoriented,” Kevin Sherman said. “I couldn’t keep him in the car by myself, so we needed to call for medical assistance. ” A body camera worn by one of the deputies started recording while en route to assist the Shermans. By the time he reached their car, parked on the shoulder of the highway, another deputy was already grappling with Mr. Sherman, who was handcuffed, in the car’s back seat. On the video, Mr. Sherman seemed alternately calm and desperate to get out of the car. To try to stop him, one of the deputies took out a Taser gun and pointed it at him, telling him to stop moving. Mr. Sherman grabbed the Taser gun, and a fight for it ensued. With Mr. Sherman’s mother and his fiancée, Patti Galloway, watching from the front of the car, the deputy shot him several times with the Taser, and the second deputy punched him in the head. The deputies then told the two women to get out of the car, and Ms. Sherman pointed her finger at the two deputies, pleading with them not to stun her son. Mr. Sherman was stunned again, and then he appeared to wrestle away control of the Taser despite still being handcuffed. Moments later, an emergency medical technician who had arrived at the scene tried to help subdue Mr. Sherman. “O. K. I’m dead, I’m dead,” Mr. Sherman said as he was shoved to the floor and wedged between the front and back seats. “I quit, I quit,” he could be heard saying. The medical technician pushed down on Mr. Sherman’s body. “I got all the weight of the world on him now,” he could be heard saying before Mr. Sherman was shocked again. But suddenly realizing that Mr. Sherman was not breathing, the deputy sheriffs and the medical technician pulled him out of the car and began performing cardiopulmonary resuscitation while his parents and Ms. Galloway watched. “There was no way for him to resist,” said the lawyer, Mr. Stewart. “For four minutes and 10 seconds after he said ‘I quit,’ they still tased him and kept him on the ground. That’s torture, and they killed him. ” Mr. Sherman’s death was initially investigated by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation, which made the evidence it collected available to the district attorney of Coweta County, Peter J. Skandalakis. Mr. Skandalakis said Friday that his office’s investigation into Mr. Sherman’s death was continuing. “I really haven’t formed a final opinion about it,” he said, adding that his office had planned to release the video before the inquiry’s conclusion because of “public interest in the case. ” He said he hoped to meet eventually with the Sherman family. In the meantime, the deputies who responded to the family’s request for help have not been suspended, according to Mr. Stewart, and are still working.",0
11133,"BREAKING: Day After Reopening Investigation, FBI Drops ANOTHER NUKE On Hillary’s Campaign • USA Newsflash","George Orwell 0 Comment 
Yesterday’s bombshell from the FBI on Hillary’s campaign seems like is much worse than previously expected. 
James Comey said that the FBI discovered “new emails” pertinent to the previous investigation on “several devices.” The agency has found a staggering number of emails, and they were found on Huma Abedin’s estranged husband’s laptop. 
VIA America’s Freedom Fighters 

That’s not even the worst part. It was previously discovered that Abedin had been archiving her email account from her work at the State Department on her personal email account, although the reason why is unclear. 
More from Zero Hedge: 

We first laid what was the most likely explanation yesterday, when we showed several examples of Huma Abedin emails being sent from her work email account to her personal account at humaabedin@yahoo.com, courtesy of a Judicial Watch FOIA release. Of the more than 160 emails in the latest Judicial Watch release, some 110 emails – two-thirds of the total – were forwarded by Abedin to two personal addresses she controlled. The Washington Times reported in August 2015 that the State Department had admitted to a federal judge that Abedin and Mills used personal email accounts to conduct government business in addition to Clinton’s private clintonemail.com to transact State Department business. 

One email from May 15, 2009, was sent by Abedin from her State Department email to her personal email. Abedin was archiving in her personal email account an email Hillary Clinton sent her from Clinton’s private email server at HDR22@clintonemail.com. Abedin was asked to print out attachments to an email Mills sent via a private address the previous day to Clinton involving “timetables and deliverables” for her review via Alec Ross, a technology policy expert who then held the title of senior adviser for innovation to Secretary Clinton. 

However, while forwarding Hillary’s emails to her personal email server for “convenience” is one thing, what is more troubling is the amount of redaction involved in these emails which migrated to the open email account, which as we now know ended up in Anthony Weiner’s computer: in the above example, the two pages of timetables and deliverables attached to the email were 100 percent redacted, with “PAGE DENIED” stamped across the first redacted page. 

At this point it’s impossible to know why Abedin did what she did; however, the fact that FBI reopened this case this close to the election let’s us know there’s something seriously, seriously wrong with this entire ordeal. 
This is more proof that she is CROOKED, and should be tried for treason! 
",0
11134,"Top U.N. Adviser Calls Trump ‘An Idiot’ Over Paris Decision, Former Envoy Calls U.S. ’Rogue State’","Current and former officials at the United Nations responded negatively to President Trump’s announcement Thursday that the U. S. is pulling out of the Paris climate accord  —   with one senior U. N. adviser calling Trump “an idiot” and a former climate envoy saying the U. S. is now “a rogue state. ”[Jeffrey Sachs, an economist and senior adviser to the U. N.   since 2002, told Bloomberg Television Friday that President Trump lives in a “dream world” and is an “idiot” for his decision to pull out of the treaty. He also blamed the decision on the left’s favorite boogeymen  —   the Koch Brothers.  “The president doesn’t know what he’s doing, this is obvious he’s an idiot,” he said. “But what’s happening behind here is real politics. This is the victory paid and carried out for 20 years by two people: David and Charles Koch. ” “This is all about the Koch brothers, I’m sorry to say it, they have bought and purchased the top of the Republican Party,” Sachs said, pointing also to House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell’s ( ) support of Trump’s position. Sach’s Koch claim is particularly unusual in that President Trump and the Koch Brothers have frequently clashed on a number of issues. The conservative patriarchs refused to back Trump in 2016, while Trump mocked conservatives who sought their backing  —   once accusing Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) of being their “puppet. ” Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida, is set to be the ”puppet” of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 28, 2016,  Sachs, who was retained by current   António Guterres this year, is known for his   views. In April, he wrote a column titled: “Donald Trump’s Climate Fantasies. ” “In less than 100 days, we have learned that Trump is a man living in a fantasy world. He issues decrees, barks orders, sends out midnight Tweets, but to no avail. The facts  —   real ones, not his ‘alternative’ variety  —   keep intervening,” Sachs wrote. He has also called Trump a “  font of lies” in a column in March. Sachs’ remarks come after a former U. N. special envoy on climate change, Mary Robinson, said the decision makes “a rogue state on the international stage. ” It isn’t the first time Robinson, a former president of Ireland, has made such remarks. In November, she said in a Reuters interview, “It would be a tragedy for the United States and the people of the United States if the U. S. becomes a kind of rogue country, the only country in the world that is somehow not going to go ahead with the Paris Agreement. ”   Guterres was more restrained in his language, calling Trump’s decision “a major disappointment. ” “The decision by the United States to withdraw from the Paris Agreement on climate change is a major disappointment for global efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and promote global security,” Guterres’ spokesman Stéphane Dujarric said in a statement Thursday. However, he remained optimistic and said he “looks forward to engaging with the American government and  all actors in the United States and around the world to build the sustainable future on which our grandchildren depend. ” Adam Shaw is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York. Follow Adam on Twitter: @AdamShawNY",0
11135,Trump Top Adviser Steve Bannon Attends NSC Meeting One Day After Being ‘Removed’,"One day after what was demonstrably one of the   stories by the media focused on the “removal” of Steve Bannon, President Trump’s top adviser, from the National Security Council (NSC) he attended a council meeting, the Washington Examiner reported on Thursday. [“White House chief strategist Steve Bannon has attended the first meeting of the National Security Council after he was removed from the principals committee Wednesday,” the Examiner story said.  Despite the headlines about Bannon’s removal, most media outlets included the fact that the change on the council only meant Bannon was no longer a permanent member on the council but that he retained top security clearance and could attend council meetings. “Bannon is still permitted to go to NSC meetings,” Fox News reported on Wednesday. CNBC reported that Bannon can attend council meetings by invitation of the president or H. R. McMaster, Trump’s national security adviser. “He is one of the president’s closest and most trusted advisers,” a White House source told CNBC when asked why Bannon attended.",0
11136,Is Hillary a Closet Drunk… New WikiLeak Email Reveals Aid Asking to “Sober Her Up” During DAY,"BREAKING: Clinton Fixer Reveals Sick Smear Hillary Ordered Against Monica 
“Should I call her and talk this through or better to leave with you?” Podesta had written at 1:55 pm. “I’m worried she’ll get on with Cheryl and we’ll end up in a bad place. I’m in a session that lasts till 3:30 your time. Is that timely or should I walk out?” 
Was was unclear was why Clinton needed to be sobered up so early in the day. Had she been consuming certain medications that had left her woozy? Had she been puffing marijuana joints? Had she been drinking booze? Advertisement - story continues below 
Or was she simply not taking the situation seriously — whatever it was — and needed to be made to understood reality, i.e., was “sobered up” being used metaphorically? 
It was known that the Democrat nominee had a penchant for drinking while on the campaign trail. 
“She likes to drink,” Amy Chozick, national political reporter for the The New York Times, told ABC News in February of 2015, six months before the email was sent. “We were on the campaign trail in 2008 and the press thought she was just taking shots to pander to voters in Pennsylvania. Um, no.” 
Additionally, earlier this month Chozick issued a tweet from Clinton’s campaign plane claiming that the nominee wanted to take off immediately “so we can have some drinks served.” ""We need to take off so we can have some drinks served,"" Hillary says on her campaign plane https://t.co/XrZsEHOXwb 
— Amy Chozick (@amychozick) October 10, 2016 
Clinton may suffer from a drinking problem — certainly, heavy drinking while campaigning for president would indeed be a problem. Advertisement - story continues below",0
11137,Florida State Women Rally to Eliminate Oregon State - The New York Times,"Ivey Slaughter jumped into the passing lane on Oregon State’s first possession of the second half on Saturday and stole the ball, and then she drove the length of the floor in one of those timely moments that have defined her senior season at Florida State. That   steal was a big reason the   Seminoles were able to rally from a   deficit to advance to the Stockton Region final in California, beating   Oregon State,   to set up a    rematch with   South Carolina. The Gamecocks won that 2015 tournament meeting by 6 points. Slaughter recorded a   nine steals and added 11 points and 8 rebounds. “She really changed a lot of things,” said Leticia Romero, who led the Seminoles with 18 points. Oregon State ( ) failed in its bid to return to the Final Four. Sydney Wiese, the Beavers’ leading scorer this season, finished with just 9 points, shooting 3 of 14, and missed all 10 of her   tries in her final game. Shakayla Thomas, the Atlantic Coast Conference player of the year, recorded her third straight   for the Seminoles ( ) with 12 points and 11 rebounds. The Seminoles trailed by 17 points late in the first quarter and by 10 midway through the second, but Florida State Coach Sue Semrau had a quick reminder for her team. “If we could convince them how good we are defensively, things could change,” she said. She added, “I was stunned that we were missing the shots that we were missing. ” The Seminoles stormed back with a big run, closing the gap to   by the break and opening the third quarter with a   burst to take a   lead. Oregon State tied the score at   with 6 minutes 55 seconds to play as Gabriella Hanson’s free throws capped a   run. But Florida State responded. Wiese struggled to get clean looks and never got comfortable with her shot. The Beavers were 2 for 17 from   range and shot 36. 4 percent over all after a talented senior class led the team to the past three   Conference   titles. Kolbie Orum was the Beavers’ lone player to score in double figures, with 12 points. S. CAROLINA 100, QUINNIPIAC 58 Kaela Davis, A’ja Wilson and   South Carolina ( ) overpowered Quinnipiac ( ) the No. 12 seed, from the opening tip, scoring the first 16 points and advancing to the Stockton Region final in a rout. Davis scored 28 points, with five  . Wilson added 24 points, and the Gamecocks’ athleticism and swarming defense were too much for the Bobcats. Quinnipiac started 0 for 10 from the field and took more than seven minutes to score as it struggled to get off shots and to establish its usually prolific perimeter game. OREGON 77, MARYLAND 63 The freshman Sabrina Ionescu led five Oregon players in double figures with 21 points, and the   Ducks ( ) continued their run through the N. C. A. A. tournament by upsetting   Maryland ( ). The freshman Ruthy Hebard added 16 points for Oregon, which advanced to a regional final for the first time. The Ducks will play   Connecticut on Monday in Bridgeport, Conn. Brionna Jones and Shatori   each had 16 points for the Terrapins. The Maryland offense, whose average of more than 90 points a game led the nation, was held to its lowest point total this season. Oregon Coach Kelly Graves said before the game that his young team, which starts three freshmen, might not know it is not supposed to be winning. The Ducks became the second No. 10 seed to advance to a regional final, after the 1991 team from Lamar University of Texas.",0
11139,"New Cars Are Too Expensive for the Typical Family, Study Finds - The New York Times","AS prices for new vehicles continue to rise, the cost of an average new car may be a stretch for typical households. A new analysis from Bankrate. com found that a   household could not afford the average price of a new vehicle in any of the 50 largest cities in the country, though cars are more affordable in some cities than others. “The new reality is that cars are becoming more expensive,” said Steve Pounds, a personal finance analyst for Bankrate. “People are having to make tough decisions about financing. ” The average price of a new car or light truck in 2016 is about $34, 000, according to Kelley Blue Book. That’s in part because new cars are loaded with helpful but expensive safety features like   systems. Bankrate calculated an “affordable” purchase price for major cities, using median incomes from United States census data, and factoring in costs for sales taxes and insurance. In San Jose, Calif.  —   the heart of Silicon Valley  —   the median income is about $84, 000, and an “affordable” new car purchase price is about $33, 000  —   close to, but still below, the average new car price. In   cities, however, affordable purchase prices for a typical family are far below the average cost of a new car. In Hartford, Conn. where the median income is about $29, 000, an affordable purchase price is about $8, 000  —   about a quarter of the average   price. That sort of squeeze helps explain why many people are borrowing more, for longer periods of time, to finance a car purchase. Experian Automotive said that in the first quarter of this year, the proportion of new cars bought with the help of financing rose to more than 86 percent, and the average loan amount topped $30, 000, which is the highest since Experian began tracking the data. The average term for a   loan is now 68 months  —   about five and a half years  —   and some loans stretch as long as seven years. (Auto leases are also becoming more popular because they often offer lower payments than a traditional car loan. Leases accounted for more than 30 percent of   transactions in the first quarter, Experian reported. With a lease, the customer makes payments for a set period of time, then typically can choose either to return the car to the dealer or to buy it.)   loans carry risks. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau warns that borrowers who take out   loans end up paying more for the car over all, and also run a greater risk of being “upside down” on the loans, meaning owing more than the car is worth. Bankrate noted that a traditional rule of thumb is the “  ” rule: Car buyers should aim to put down at least 20 percent in cash, take out a loan for no more than four years and keep the cost of principal, interest and insurance to no more than 10 percent of household income. If you have to abandon those guidelines, the car you want may simply be too expensive. “To me, if you need to finance to five, six or seven years, you can’t afford it,” said Jeff Bartlett, deputy cars editor at Consumer Reports. Ron Montoya, senior consumer advice editor with Edmunds. com, noted that interest rates were still low for   loans, but advised shoppers to keep the loan term at no more than five years. (Edmunds has an online calculator that you can use to estimate how much you can afford to pay. He also recommends checking the cost of insuring a specific model before buying it, so you won’t be shocked when you get your insurance bill after you’ve made the purchase. Here are some questions and answers about buying a new car: When is the best time to shop for a new car? While car sales may abound on holiday weekends like the Fourth of July, shopping on a     weekday may actually be preferable. There is less traffic to deal with when taking test drives, and sales representatives have more time to answer your questions. “Buy when it’s right for you,” Mr. Bartlett said, not just because dealers are promoting incentives. Mr. Pounds suggests shopping when car manufacturers are beginning to introduce new model years  —   typically in late summer or early fall. Prices may be more reasonable for the outgoing model year at that time. But be aware that you may have fewer vehicles to choose from. How can I make sure I’m choosing the right financing option? People are often diligent about researching the type of car they want to buy, but they’re much less likely to do their homework when it comes to financing the purchase, according to a report this month from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. To help consumers   the bureau has created an auto loan “shopping sheet” that can help you calculate the total cost of a car loan and compare offers. Should I buy a used car instead? Used cars, particularly those that are just two or three years old, often offer the best value, Mr. Bartlett said. Not only is the initial price lower, but costs like collision insurance and taxes are also lower. If getting the latest safety features, like automatic braking, is a priority, however, make sure to look only at very recent model years. And be sure, he said, to have a used car inspected by a reputable mechanic before you buy it.",0
11140,Rats Pictured Leaving Sinking OCI Headquarters,"0 Add Comment 
IN a blow to the impeccable, bulletproof integrity of the OCI, tabloid photographers caught sight of a flurry of rats leaving the council’s headquarters as its foundations began sinking into the earth earlier this morning. 
The Olympic Council of Ireland had enjoyed receding back into the vast recesses of the public’s consciousness in the weeks following the conclusion of the Rio games, however, news that hordes of rodents no longer deem their headquarters in Howth a safe place to dwell means a return to the front pages. 
“Rats usually leg it the first sign of danger. There really is no more astute animal at realising when the time to bolt and never been seen again has come, well they’re second to John Delaney on that front, but other than that no one has a better nose for this stuff,” rodent expert Michael Pest shared with WWN. 
“Shite and you’d almost forgotten about Pat Hickey and all that stuff, the ship was set to right itself,” confirmed an OCI insider, as he used a bucket to scoop water out of the premises as it creaked slowly into the nearby sea. 
Senior OCI members had confirmed as recently as September that the course of their organisation had been chartered to calmer waters, but word that rats feel the vessel isn’t long for this world has caused fresh panic. 
In recent days John Delaney and Kevin Kilty have disembarked the OCI as it continues to take on dangerous levels of water. 
“I’ll be fucked if I’m staying on and drowning with you lot, so long,” Delaney allegedly said in his resignation letter.",0
11141,Frank Gaffney: China ‘Considers Bad Behavior from North Korea a Strategic Asset’,"Center for Security Policy President Frank Gaffney joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Wednesday’s Bretibart News Daily to talk about the crisis in North Korea, and whether the Trump administration will be able to break a cycle of provocations and negotiations that stretches back for decades. [Gaffney said things could be different this time, and maybe not in a good way, because “North Korea is now in a position to attack with horrific effect the United States itself  —   not just our friends and allies and forces in the region, but the continental mainland of the United States. ”  “One of the ways in which they could do that, we believe, is through unleashing, perhaps via a nuclear device overhead  —   currently there are two North Korean satellites circling the Earth, and passing over the United States with regularity, that could conceivably house an electromagnetic pulse optimized nuclear weapon,” he explained. If detonated, such a weapon could “take out the United States by destroying our electric grid,” an offensive capability Gaffney described as a “ ” even before North Korea develops   intercontinental ballistic missiles. “These are real threats that are now to us, here at home,” he said. “I think that somewhat changes the ‘Groundhog Day’ exercise that we’ve been going through for decades now. ” Gaffney quoted Vice President Mike Pence talking about putting an end to “willful deception,” by which he meant “the willful deception of the North Koreans as they have entered into a succession of agreements with us, including that they would not get nuclear weapons  —   which of course they predictably violated with impunity. ” “In fact, they were rewarded for doing it, in subsequent negotiations and concessions made to them,” he added.  “But there’s another kind of willful blindness, or willful deception if you will, that’s operating here. And that is I believe the deception we’ve indulged in, in this country, with respect to China,” Gaffney said. “We’re endlessly told the Chinese are the solution to this problem. If only the Chinese will restrain their clients in North Korea, this problem will be at least mitigated, if not eliminated. ” He said the truth of the matter is, “the record is pretty clear that the Chinese consider bad behavior from North Korea to be a strategic asset for them. ” “Far from constraining it, I think they’re enabling it  —   no question about that  —   but I think they actually find it very expedient to use against the United States, notably as just one example in the course of conversations with Donald Trump,” he observed. “Within days of ending a campaign in which he promised to brand them  —   as they are  —   a currency manipulator, in the interest of inducing the Chinese to behave as intermediaries and constrain North Korea, the president has said ‘oh, no, no, they’re not a currency manipulator.’ I think that’s the kind of evidence of bennies that flow to the North Koreans, and principally to the Chinese, that enable the North Koreans to keep on keeping on  —   in fact, to become more dangerous with Chinese help. ” Marlow turned the conversation to Tuesday’s shooting rampage in Fresno, where suspect Kori Ali Muhammad targeted white victims and reportedly shouted “Allahu akbar!” as the police took him down. The Associated Press has been criticized for refusing to print the phrase as Muhammad said it, instead rendering it in English as “God is great!” Gaffney further argued that this common translation of “Allahu akbar” is incorrect. “It means ‘Allah is greatest,’” he said. “Not God, some Abrahamic faith God, but Allah isn’t just great or even greater, he is greatest. This is the jihadist battle cry. It’s what you are supposed to say when you are killing infidels, to assure that if you’re killed in the process you’ll get credit for it as a shaheed, a martyr, a guy who is sacrificing himself for the greater glory of sharia. ” “It’s almost a parody these days that the reflexive response of law enforcement, if it isn’t ‘nothing to see here folks,’ it certainly is ‘nothing to see here in the way of sharia supremacism,’” he complained.  “Now, this guy may have a lot of other issues. Apparently he’s homeless, he hated white people  —   I get that. But when he says those words, you cannot ignore the fact that probably somewhere, maybe because of what he’s been hearing on the news, or maybe because of something he’s been hearing in jail, where a lot of guys are getting converted to jihad, or Muslims going in come out   jihadists. Whatever the provenance of it, you cannot ignore the fact that he probably had somewhere in his DNA this belief that it would enhance his standing with Allah, or at least advance Allah’s cause of imposing on everybody  —   Muslim and   alike, by the way  —   this toxic ideology of sharia,” said Gaffney. “I’ve had it, frankly, with these guys in law enforcement who are willfully blind,” he exclaimed. “We respect people doing their duties, God knows, but when they incessantly repeat this like it’s some kind of incantation, it’s a disservice to the public, and it suggests malfeasance on their part in terms of protecting us from these kinds of threats. ” Marlow next asked Gaffney about reports that the first “DREAMer”  —   a young illegal alien protected under President Obama’s extension of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals  —   has been deported under President Trump. Many view the deportation of people brought to the United States as children by their parents to be unfair, since the children had no say in the matter. Gaffney agreed with Marlow’s proposal that DACA provides an incentive for illegal aliens to bring their children across the border, so removing that incentive will help reduce the volume of illegal border crossings. “It is fundamentally about the rule of law,” Gaffney declared. “These happen to be particularly sympathetic characters. They didn’t, as you say, have a say in coming here  —   their parents brought them sometimes in utero, but nonetheless brought them here. As a result the Obama administration, and many Democrats, and a lot of Republicans for that matter, were kind of willing to look the other way as President Obama essentially waived the law and created new regulations that would enable them to stay here permanently. ” “I hope that this action isn’t one that will be countermanded by President Trump as he learns of it, probably from the news, having in the course of his campaign and I think subsequently said he would try to find a way to accommodate these people,” Gaffney continued. “It does come down to the magnet, and that’s what we’ve got to turn off. More people being attracted to come to this country  —   and I think to the extent that you can figure the kids at least will get a permanent place here, if you can get them across the border, is a magnet and should be turned off, along with the others. ” Marlow sought Gaffney’s take on the special referendum in Turkey that gave President Recep Tayyip Erdogan vastly increased powers, and secured him in office for over a decade to come. “What was shocking was that he very narrowly won, which suggests to me that he had to steal a lot of votes in order to get across the   mark,” Gaffney said. He saw Erdogan as “dead set on, and now one very important step closer to achieving, the caliphate that he has had his eyes set on since he was a young mayor in Istanbul. ” To that end, Gaffney recalled, Erdogan established an Islamist political party with his old ally Fethullah Gulen, who now lives in   in the United States, and is blamed as the mastermind of all Turkish unrest by Erdogan. “He’s trying to convert Turkey from a   basically secular,    democratic nation into one that is now increasingly just another dangerous Islamist republic,” he warned. “And that I think is going to be bad for the Turks, it’s for sure bad for Europe, and I think will be a real problem going forward, as it has been to an extent for a while now, for the NATO alliance. Because let’s recall they are a member of NATO. They are privy to its secrets. They have access to its technology. ”  “The fact that Erdogan is this president, now dictator effectively, is I fear going to be increasingly moving his country into alliances with the Islamic State, with   with the Muslim Brotherhood, with Russia, with China. It makes this a very serious problem for our security interests and those of the NATO alliance, he said. Gaffney said it was a mistake for President Trump to call Erdogan and “congratulate him on what is, in fact, a contested election. ” He was uncertain who recommended this course of action to Trump, but said “there are obviously lots of people in his administration who are inclined to think that if we just do more of what Obama did  —   which is try to romance, and accommodate, and even appease these sharia supremacists, and that’s what Erdogan is  —   that they’ll behave better. ” “I think that’s a mistake,” he judged. “I wish the president hadn’t made that call. But more to the point, I think we’re going to have to give some very serious thought, there is no institutional arrangement to decoupling a NATO ally from the alliance. We’re going to have to try to figure out how to do that because otherwise, I think we’ve got a potential enemy inside our huddle. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
11142,"Exclusive — Audio Emerges of When Paul Ryan Abandoned Donald Trump: ‘I Am Not Going to Defend Donald Trump—Not Now, Not in the Future’","On a    private October conference call with House Republican members, House Speaker Paul Ryan told his members in the U. S. House of Representatives he was abandoning   presidential nominee Donald Trump forever and would never defend him ever again. [In the Oct. 10, 2016 call, from right after the Access Hollywood tape of Trump was leaked in the weeks leading up to the election, Ryan does not specify that he will never defend Trump on just the Access Hollywood tape —  he says clearly he is done with Trump altogether.  “I am not going to defend Donald Trump —  not now, not in the future,” Ryan says in the audio, obtained by Breitbart News and published here for the first time ever. Now, Ryan —  still the Speaker —  has pushed now President Donald Trump to believe his healthcare legislation the American Health Care Act would repeal and replace Obamacare when it does not repeal Obamacare. Ryan has also, according to Trump ally Sen. Rand Paul ( ) misled President Trump into believing that Ryan’s bill can pass Congress. Paul and others believe the bill is dead on arrival in the U. S. Senate since a number of GOP senators have come out against it, and there are serious questions about whether it can pass the House. This is the first major initiative that Trump has worked on with Ryan —  and the fact it is going so poorly calls into question whether Speaker Ryan, the GOP’s failed 2012 vice presidential nominee who barely supported Trump at all in 2016, really understands how Trump won and how to win in general. The October conference call apparently was intended only for House Republican members. It’s unclear which or how many House Republicans took part in the call, whether the participants knew it was being recorded, who made the recording, or whether a recording exists of the entire call. The remarks on the portion provided to Breitbart News certainly sound like they were coming from Speaker Ryan, who seemed to be abandoning his party’s presidential nominee altogether just weeks before the election. He says not only will he not defend the Access Hollywood comments, but he will not campaign with Trump at all between this call on Oct. 10, 2016, and the general election for the presidency on Nov. 8 —  and that Ryan would not defend Trump on anything generally. Ryan followed through on his promise to not campaign with Trump, abandoning the now president in the final crucial weeks leading up to the   general election. But Trump won anyway, in a landslide in the electoral college crushing Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton. This audio file means that Trump won all 306 of his electoral votes on his own, without Ryan, including the 10 he won in Ryan’s home state of Wisconsin. As soon as Trump won without Ryan’s help, Ryan aligned himself with then   Trump and now President Trump —  acting like he never abandoned him on the campaign trail and never disinvited the president from a rally in his district. Ryan’s comments on this Oct. 10 call came after a female voice —  it’s unclear if the woman was a House member or not —  opened up the call. He called Trump’s Access Hollywood comments indefensible and said they do not fit with the Republican Party’s “principles and values. ” Ryan also told House members on the call that he would not be campaigning with Trump, and that each member should make their own decision with regards to Trump over the next several weeks at that point: Abandon the GOP nominee for president like Ryan was doing or stand with him? A number of members joined Ryan in abandoning Trump. Both of those two sections of the call have been previously reported in media, although those media reports lacked audio of Ryan to back them up. But the more important line is the line where Ryan says —  without specifying this was about the Access Hollywood leak —  that he will never defend Donald Trump again. “His comments are not anywhere in keeping with our party’s principles and values,” Ryan said. “There are basically two things that I want to make really clear, as for myself as your Speaker. I am not going to defend Donald Trump —  not now, not in the future. As you probably heard, I disinvited him from my first congressional district GOP event this weekend —  a thing I do every year. And I’m not going to be campaigning with him over the next 30 days. ” “Look, you guys know I have real concerns with our nominee,” Ryan continued. “I hope you appreciate that I’m doing what I think is best for you, the members, not what’s best for me. So, I want to do what’s best for our members, and I think this is the right thing to do. I’m going to focus my time on campaigning for House Republicans. I talked to a bunch of you over the last 72 hours and here is basically my takeaway. To everyone on this call, this is going to be a turbulent month. Many of you on this call are facing tough reelections. Some of you are not. But with respect to Donald Trump, I would encourage you to do what you think is best and do what you feel you need to do. Personally, you need to decide what’s best for you. And you all know what’s best for you where you are. ” Later in the audio, Ryan does clarify that the “last thing” he wanted to do was help Clinton ascend to the presidency. “But the last thing I want to do is to help Hillary Clinton get the presidency, and get Congress,” Ryan said. “Look, she’s a failed progressive. She’s running an abysmal campaign. I mean, it’s just —  it’s amazing how easily she could be beaten. She will take this country in the wrong direction. And the last thing we need is four more years of Obama policies or two years of a Clinton presidency with a Democrat Congress. Could you imagine what that would look like? So the last thing we want to be doing is giving Hillary Clinton a blank check in Congress. ” “That’s why I’m going to spend the rest of this month fighting for Congress, fighting for our majorities,” Ryan continued. “I’m going to spend the next 28 days working hard with all of our members to get   because we need a check on Hillary Clinton if Donald Trump and Mike Pence don’t win the presidency. Greg Walden will get more into what that looks like and what polling looks like, but I want to basically close with this: His comments are indefensible, they’re not in keeping with our principles, so I’m not going to try to defend him. I’m going to focus on Congress, I’m going to focus on upholding our values. We have a great, great policy agenda —  A Better Way —  that we need to take to voters and show what our party actually stands for and what it’s stood for for generations. ” LISTEN TO AUDIO OF PAUL RYAN’S OCT. 10, 2016, CONFERENCE CALL WITH HOUSE GOP: In response to this audio surfacing, Ryan spokesman Brendan Buck told Breitbart News: “The world is well aware of this history. ” “And obviously a lot has happened since then. As everyone knows,” Buck added in a   email. In a third   email, Buck clarified about the comments from Ryan that “of course they were” specifically about the Access Hollywood tapes. “This was in response to that, but as everyone knows, they came together toward the end of the campaign and the speaker vocally supported him and even campaigned with Pence,” Buck said. But Ryan never campaigned with Trump. It’s worth noting that the person Ryan leaned on for political advice in abandoning Trump during this conference call was now House Energy and Commerce Committee chairman Rep. Greg Walden ( ). Walden, at the time, was chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee (NRCC). This audio file obtained by Breitbart News does not include Walden’s comments, so it’s unclear exactly what he said. But Walden is now one of Ryan’s top lieutenants in the House of Representatives, leading the promotion of this healthcare legislation —  and one of the two committee chairmen who kept his committee in session overnight to speed up the   of the legislation last week. Ryan’s decision to abandon Trump on the campaign trail has become a focal point in healthcare negotiations. While meeting with conservative leaders last week at the White House, this exact topic came up —  as Tea Party Patriots’ Jenny Beth Martin and Trump shared an exchange that was particularly awkward for White House chief of staff and Ryan ally Reince Priebus. “Inside the Oval Office last week, there was a telling exchange between conservative activist Jenny Beth Martin and the president,” Jonathan Swan of Axios reported on Sunday night, adding: During Trump’s Wednesday meeting with conservative leaders over the healthcare plan, Tea Party Patriots leader Martin subtly reminded Trump that her   stood by him ‘through thick and thin’ during the campaign, unlike a certain politician from Wisconsin. According to two sources in the room, Martin didn’t mention Paul Ryan’s name. But everyone knew who she was talking about. She reminded Trump that in October  —   when the crude ‘Access Hollywood’ tape leaked and Ryan disinvited Trump from a Wisconsin event  —   Tea Party Patriots Citizens Fund volunteers were working the phones on Trump’s behalf. Trump smiled and glanced over at his chief of staff Reince Priebus. Trump said that, yes, he had been disinvited. And he thanked Martin for standing by him. Ryan has been unwilling to negotiate on the specifics of his bill, which has earned multiple negative monikers like “Obamacare 2. 0,” “Obamacare Lite,” “RyanCare,” and “ ” from detractors. But President Trump and his true allies, despite what Ryan’s allies inside the White House say publicly, have been much more willing to negotiate, according to House and Senate conservatives who have had direct conversations with the president. “We have gotten a signal from the White House that the bill might be completely pulled and a more transparent and inclusive process could start as early as next week,” one senior Republican Senate aide told Breitbart News on Friday. “House leadership misled the White House on how popular this bill would be with conservatives. ” “That would be excellent news, and the best way to ensure we actually deliver on what we told the voters we would do,” another senior congressional aide told Breitbart News when asked about the possibility Ryan’s bill might be pulled altogether and a new renegotiated bill introduced afterwards. “The bill as is cannot pass and there is a growing chorus of Republican members in both houses growing impatient with the current unwillingness to make any changes to the current House bill. ” “They’ll start to fold soon if the conservative groups hold firm,” one senior House GOP aide in an office whose member is against the bill, will not vote for it in its current form or without significant changes under any circumstances and is not in the House Freedom Caucus, told Breitbart News. House GOP leadership offices —  particularly Ryan’s and House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy’s team —  have not responded to requests for comment on the possibility the bill may be pulled altogether. But White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer, who is working internally as hard as he can to help Ryan on this front regardless of the impact on Trump along with a handful of other White House aides who came from the Republican National Committee and are not Trump loyalists, told Breitbart News that the idea the bill may be pulled is “false. ” But in conversations Breitbart News has had with no fewer than 15 other White House aides, including many on the press team, it is clear that the President and the senior Trump administration team are not happy with this bill’s lack of conservative support. The President and his team were assured by Ryan that conservatives would, in fact, be on board with it in the beginning, something that has turned out to not be accurate. Interestingly, much more so than Ryan and his House GOP leadership team, the White House is much more open to significant negotiation on the details in a healthcare bill —  including the structure, vehicle, timeline and more. Several senior White House aides confirmed to Breitbart News that while the administration is publicly touting the bill as the party line, the President is much more willing to wheel and deal on this front than Ryan loyalists on his team would have anyone believe. “The President gave Ryan a chance,” one source close to the President said. “If he doesn’t get his act together soon, the President will have no choice but to step in and fix this on his own. He’s the best negotiator on the planet, and if this were his bill not Ryan’s it would not be this much of a mess. ” In fact, the president himself on Monday said he is working on negotiating on this healthcare bill. “We’re negotiating with everybody,” Trump said. “It’s a big fat beautiful negotiation and hopefully we’ll come up with something that’s going to be really terrific. ” What’s more, the bill has virtually zero chance of ever passing the Senate should it get there. Sens. Paul, Mike Lee ( ) Tom Cotton ( ) Lindsey Graham ( ) James Lankford ( ) Dean Heller ( ) Susan Collins ( ) Ted Cruz ( ) and Ben Sasse ( ) —  among other GOP senators —  have all raised concerns about it. Paul, Lee and Cotton have been particularly vocal, while Graham has raised concerns with the process. Cotton, particularly, warned his old House colleagues to not vote for Ryan’s bill. “The bill probably can be fixed, but it’s going to take a lot of carpentry on that framework,” Cotton said, adding the key warning: “Do not walk the plank and vote for a bill that cannot pass the Senate and then have to face the consequences of that vote,” “I’m not going to give into demands by members of Congress or the Senate if I don’t believe it’s in the interest of the American people and just walk away from the frigging table,” Graham said last week, according to Politico. Sasse, meanwhile, has privately raised concerns about the process and viability of the bill, according to a Senate GOP aide while a source close to Sasse has confirmed to Breitbart News he raised those concerns. Politico has reported on Heller’s serious concerns with Ryan’s bill, and Collins said she agrees with Paul —  for different reasons —  that the bill is dead on arrival in the Senate. Lankford, in a Monday morning radio interview, confirmed he also has serious concerns with the House bill and that he is introducing his own Obamacare replacement legislation in the Senate on Tuesday. Cruz’s office confirmed to Breitbart News he has had several meetings with White House officials, House members and Senate leadership officials making the case for an improved House bill. Cruz has also argued that Republicans can get around the Senate’s parliamentarian on budget reconciliation because he says the Vice President —  Mike Pence —  “has the statutory and constitutional authority (as does the Senate majority) to rule to the contrary” of what the parliamentarian says. Given the fact there are only 52 Republicans in the U. S. Senate, only three Republicans are needed to stop a piece of legislation that has no support from any Democrats. This bill is expected to get no support from Democrats, so the nine Republicans that Breitbart News can confirm have serious issues with the House bill —  while not all necessarily 100 percent against it —  are more than enough to stop this bill dead in its tracks if it ever reaches them. That brings up the next question, which is whether Ryan’s legislation has enough support to pass the U. S. House of Representatives. At this time, since the House Freedom Caucus is united against it —  more than 40 members comprise the House Freedom Caucus —  it appears the answer is no. Ryan can only afford to lose around 20 Republican votes, depending on absences and vacancies, since he is aiming to pass the bill with zero support from any Democrats. And while Ryan is attempting to browbeat 20 or so of the House Freedom Caucus members into submission on this legislation using his affiliated outside groups to run ads against them in their districts —  while not spending anything on targeting Democrats —  House GOP sources in   Caucus offices tell Breitbart News that there are as many as perhaps 70 House Republicans against this bill at this time, and that number is not getting any smaller as time goes by. So if Ryan is able to muscle it through the House in the next few weeks —  sources close to the process expect a battle to come on the rule vote, which may happen next week or the week after —  it will be on life support headed to a Senate that does not support it since conservatives are not warming up to it by any stretch. Now, on top of all of this, this new audio file raises questions as to how loyal Ryan is to Trump politically —  and is asking the new president to use precious political capital to push through legislation that seems arithmetically destined for congressional failure. That could doom or at least dampen other key elements of the Trump agenda, like tax reform, immigration reform, national security efforts, budgetary reforms, building up of the U. S. military, trade renegotiation and more. As such, as Breitbart News has previously reported, there are now rumblings among House Republicans that they may want a replacement not just of Obamacare but a replacement of Paul Ryan as Speaker. A new Speaker, some argue, would make life much easier for President Trump as he moves forward with his agenda. So the argument goes, as some House GOP members have told Breitbart News, is that if healthcare is this rocky then tax reform, immigration, trade policy and other key Trump agenda items will be worse.",0
11143,Toby Keith: I Won’t ’Apologize’ for Playing Trump Inauguration,"Country artist Toby Keith will not back out of performing at   Donald Trump’s inauguration this month, saying in a statement that he will not “apologize” for performing for the country and its military. [The    “Courtesy of the Red, White and Blue” singer was announced as an inauguration performer on Friday, along with rock band 3 Doors Down and country singer Lee Greenwood.  “I don’t apologize for performing for our country or military,” Keith said in a statement to Entertainment Weekly. “I performed at events for previous presidents [George W.] Bush and [Barack] Obama and over 200 shows in Iraq and Afghanistan for the USO. ” Keith’s statement comes as several artists, including Elton John and Garth Brooks, have publicly rejected invitations to perform at the inauguration. On Saturday, singer Jennifer Holliday  —   who had been announced as an inauguration performer on Friday along with Keith  —   scrapped her plans to sing at the event and apologized to her fans for what she called a “lapse of judgement. ” “I was honestly just thinking that I wanted my voice to be a healing and unifying force for hope through music to help our deeply polarized country,” Holliday wrote in an open letter provided to The Wrap. “Regretfully, I did not take into consideration that my performing for the concert would actually instead be taken as a political act against my own personal beliefs and be mistaken for support of Donald Trump and Mike Pence. ” “I sincerely apologize for my lapse of judgment, for being uneducated on the issues that affect every American at this crucial time in history and for causing such dismay and heartbreak for my fans,” she added. Keith, 3 Doors Down and several other artists will perform January 19 at the   “Make America Great Again! Welcome Celebration. ” Actor and Trump supporter Jon Voight is expected to attend, and Trump himself will reportedly speak at the event. Performers for Inauguration Day include the Mormon Tabernacle Choir, the Radio City Rockettes and teenage classical singer Jackie Evancho. The    Evancho is slated to sing the National Anthem at the event.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
11144,"Alex Rodriguez’s Future Resolved, Yankees Settle In and Beat Indians - The New York Times","Luis Severino sat in the Yankees’ clubhouse Sunday morning, inquisitively viewing several televisions that were broadcasting speculation about Alex Rodriguez’s future. Late Saturday night, the Yankees had announced a news conference with Rodriguez to be held before Sunday’s game against the Cleveland Indians. Severino, his teammates and Manager Joe Girardi had been given little indication of the purpose of the news conference before Rodriguez announced his plans to end his playing days after Friday’s game against the Tampa Bay Rays at Yankee Stadium. Severino, 22, is one of several players from the Yankees’ farm system who will be expected to usher in a new era. The announcement of Rodriguez’s retirement came two days after Mark Teixeira had announced his own plans to depart baseball after this season. Combined with a series of trades of veterans over the last week, the Yankees have all but officially closed the chapter on an era of exorbitant signings. “Clearly, there’s transition going on right now,” General Manager Brian Cashman said before the Yankees’   win over the Indians. “This roster has been getting younger the last few years. It’s by intent and is stated publicly and something that’s necessary. I think it’s an exciting time, because there is some young blood that is coming in here. They have big dreams, and they have big hopes. ” Over the past week, the Yankees have kept up a facade by declaring themselves still contenders, despite having dealt Aroldis Chapman, Andrew Miller, Carlos Beltran and Ivan Nova before the nonwaiver trading deadline. On Sunday, while addressing questions mainly relating to Rodriguez, Girardi also conceded that the club was undergoing a “transition. ” Catcher Brian McCann said the Yankees had contributed to the housecleaning by not winning more. “This game, you see kind of how teams are winning, when you can get   prospects  —    that’s what they’re doing,” McCann said. “They’ve got a lot of good prospects in this organization that are impact players. ” He added, “Some guys were coming off the books, and it was a business decision that they had to make. ” Several players praised Rodriguez. C. C. Sabathia called him the best player of his generation. Outfielder Brett Gardner said: “The ultimate way to go out is on your own terms. Tex is getting the opportunity to do that, and it’s sad to see that Alex isn’t. ” The decision to part with Rodriguez was not a simple one. This summer, amid declining production, Rodriguez became a platoon player and was finally benched outright. His future hovered over the team like a dark cloud. “It’s been a tough week,” Girardi said Sunday. Then, alluding to Teixeira’s retirement, he added: “To lose guys like this, it’s hard. Alex has meant a ton to me. This has been a tough month. Obviously, it’s a hot topic every day, and it’s not an easy topic to talk about, so it’s taken its toll. ” After the Rodriguez saga reached its conclusion, Masahiro Tanaka threw his first pitch of the afternoon with nary a cloud in the sky above the field. Tanaka pounded the corners of the strike zone against the Indians, shutting them out for the first six innings as the Yankees took a   lead. Gardner scored after leading off the bottom of the first with a triple, Didi Gregorius hit a solo home run, and Teixeira added a   double. Tanaka struck out eight and was charged with one run over   innings, improving to  . “It was probably his best start of the year,” said Girardi, who bolstered his case by adding that Tanaka had pitched on only four days’ rest. Entering Sunday, Tanaka was   with a 4. 95 E. R. A. with four days between starts and   and 1. 87 with five days. On Tuesday, Severino will start against the Red Sox in Boston, his first start since May 13, after which he was injured and sent for rehabilitation in Class AAA  . “It’s weird,” Severino said. “We were one of the teams that had more veterans, and now we only have, like, two or three. It’s different. ”",0
11145,Huffington Post Won’t Drop Article Claiming Jew Poisoned Muhammad,"The Huffington Post has refused to remove an article on its Arabic website that claims the Islamic prophet Muhammad was poisoned by a Jew. [The article was published on November 29, but has remained live on the website for nearly seven weeks. Once the article drew criticism, the editors changed the headline from “‘Arsenic’: The Poison Which a Jewish Woman Put in the Food of the Prophet, Peace Be Upon Him” to “Did the Prophet Die From Being Poisoned With Arsenic?” but the content reportedly remains the same.  In a statement, the   League said: “It is troubling that an   screed cleared The Huffington Post’s editorial review process and that our concerns so far have been ignored,” said Jonathan A. Greenblatt, ADL CEO. “We call on The Huffington Post to immediately remove this offensive entry and to ensure that the proper safeguards are in place so that the Arabic site is free of   and incitement against Jews. ” The Jewish Telegraphic Agency adds that the Huffington Post’s Arabic website has also been hit with other recent accusations of bigotry: “The Huffington Post’s Arabic edition was also criticized late last month for calling attention to late pop singer George Michael’s ‘homosexual tendencies.’ A   blog, Israellycool, points out that the argument in the article is based on widely accepted Islamic sources, and that the Huffington Post is having difficulty confronting the fact of widespread   prejudice in the Muslim world: You can, if you wish, plough through rebuttals of whether the woman’s poison actually killed Mohammed, but the act of the poisoning remains pretty much undisputed. It is the efficacy and specific detail of which poison was used which the HuffPo blog post addresses and which the ADL has decided to get upset about. More important, however, than whether any of this happened as described is what do many Muslims teach their kids. And in this there is little doubt. The story of Mohammed being poisoned by a Jewess is commonly told and commonly believed. The ADL recently made, then backed away from, claims that Breitbart News is the “premier” site of the   and that Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon, now entering the Trump administration, is an antisemite. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
11146,Capitol Hill Hosts Nine Confirmation Hearings this Week for Trump Cabinet - Breitbart,"There will be nine confirmation hearings for   Donald Trump’s cabinet nominees this week, according to Trump’s spokesman Sean Spicer. [“The Trump cabinet nominees understand how to lead organizations to success and I think you can see this reflected in their approaches to hearings regarding this week. They’re listening, they’re learning, they’re preparing,” Spicer told reporters on Monday morning.  The confirmation hearing schedule this week is as follows: “It’s obviously going to be a big week on Capitol Hill,” Spicer declared.",0
11147,An Unfinished Presidency: Obama Passes the Baton - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Barack Obama claimed the presidency eight years ago in Chicago’s Grant Park, declaring “a new dawn” in American history and promising the enthusiastic crowd of a   people that “we as a people will get there. ” “Because of what we did on this day, in this election, at this defining moment, change has come to America,” the new   vowed. But as the nation prepares to choose President Obama’s successor on Tuesday, the bold agenda he described that morning remains incomplete. What Mr. Obama discovered  —   and what his successor will learn  —   is that every presidency lasts for only a brief moment in time. Mr. Obama’s health care bill gave insurance to millions, but he now faces calls for big changes to it. The economy is markedly better, but incomes and growth remain stubbornly low. The immigration overhaul he wanted is tied up in legal limbo, as are his tough new climate rules. Fewer Americans are fighting in overseas wars, but the Islamic State has emerged as a new threat. Partisanship and racial tensions have intensified. “There is a lot of unfinished business,” said Tom Daschle, the former Democratic Senate leader from South Dakota, a longtime supporter of Mr. Obama. “The satisfaction comes in knowing that he has changed the landscape in a very profound way. The frustration comes in knowing what might have been. ” Mr. Obama recognized the transient nature of his tenure when he spoke eight years ago to the ecstatic crowd in Grant Park. “Our climb will be steep,” Mr. Obama said. “We may not get there in one year or even one term. ” More recently, he has started acknowledging that his legacy will be an incremental one. In an article in The Economist, he described the presidency as “a relay race, requiring each of us to do our part to bring the country closer to its highest aspirations. ” Jen Psaki, the White House communications director, said that Mr. Obama had always understood he was part of a continuum. “He recognizes that who he passes the baton to will have a huge impact on whether you build on the progress he made,” she said. White House aides point to what they call the highlights of that progress: digging the country out of a deep economic recession, rescuing the auto industry, extending health insurance to 20 million people, pressing the world to confront climate change, reducing America’s combat role in two overseas wars. But for a president who won the highest office in the land by promising big, sweeping change, Tuesday’s election is a reminder that it will be up to someone else to complete the change he long envisioned. Health care may be the most important example. Passage of the Affordable Care Act in 2010 drastically reshaped the insurance markets in the country, improving access to medical care. But even Democrats agree that much more needs to be done to improve the cost and quality of that care. “If this was a football field, I’d put us on the   line with 70 yards to go,” said Mr. Daschle, who was Mr. Obama’s first pick for secretary of health and human services but withdrew after questions about his taxes. Mr. Daschle said the unfinished nature of Mr. Obama’s health care program was partly the fault of Republican obstructionism and partly the result of delays that always occur when trying to overhaul such a large social program. The Affordable Care Act gave Mr. Obama’s administration great latitude to reshape the nation’s health care system, and the next president will inherit that same authority. “That latitude has worked for us,” Mr. Daschle said. “If it’s a Trump presidency, it could work against us. ” Climate change, too, remains a work in progress. Internationally, Mr. Obama successfully pressed world leaders to aggressively confront the threats from a warming planet. At home, he demanded tougher fuel standards for cars and imposed new regulations on   power plants. But the international agreements Mr. Obama helped forge will play out over decades. It could be years before his environmental regulations are in place, if ever. It will be up to future presidents to navigate the politics of climate change, around the world and here at home. “Obama has set the stage for both effective domestic and global climate protection,” said Paul Bledsoe, a climate adviser in Bill Clinton’s administration. “But most of the heaviest lifting is going to be done by his successor, especially regarding domestic politics. ” Ms. Psaki said the fact that large, developing countries like India and China are addressing climate change is “a tremendous step forward” that Mr. Obama can claim credit for. “Around the world, a number of countries have cemented their goals. It’s not a flash in the pan. ” And yet, Mr. Obama will have long since left office by the time the United States reaches its deadline to significantly reduce carbon emissions in 2025. And much of the rest of the world has pledged to reach its climate goals by 2030, in the fourth presidential term from now. Mr. Obama concluded his remarks in Grant Park by talking about a      woman, Ann Nixon Cooper, who had cast her ballot in Atlanta. He wondered aloud what changes his daughters would see in America if they lived to be the same age. It was, in a sense, a recognition that the consequences of his time in office would be shaped by others long after he left. “What change will they see? What progress will we have made?” Mr. Obama asked. “This is our chance to answer that call. This is our moment. This is our time. ” For Barack Obama, that time is just about over.",0
11148,Write Your Boss That Kiss-Off Letter. Then Press Delete. - The New York Times,"Send your workplace conundrums to workologist@nytimes. com, including your name and contact information (even if you want it withheld for publication). The Workologist is a guy with   opinions, not a professional career adviser. Letters may be edited. I was one of several people my boss bullied into resignation by collecting gossip, pressuring people to say vaguely critical things and overstating what they said  —   a witch hunt, basically. When I saw this happening to me, I consulted a lawyer, but ultimately concluded I had no interest in saying or doing anything to continue being associated with this vitriolic nut. I resigned and had a better job lined up five days later. I win.  Nonetheless, I was angry and resentful, I think reasonably. I composed my detailed defense, pointing out that my boss knew she was lying, and that she is an evil, disgraceful woman. I felt much better  —   but I did not send the email, and moved on emotionally.  Recently my separation from that employer became official (there was a delay to account for leave time I was owed). Feeling that this horrid woman could no longer hurt me, I reread my email draft and came very close to sending it  —   maybe with a blind copy to her boss. I believe sending it will make me feel more victorious, but maybe it risks opening cans of worms I cannot foresee. I can’t decide if not sending it will make me feel like the better person, or if I’ll be nagged by the sense that I allowed this boss to bully me. Shall I send or delete? ANONYMOUS I am a fan of the raw, unvarnished   letter. Stating your case precisely as you see it, with absolutely no regard for diplomacy, nicety or consequences, can be a genuinely cathartic exercise. But I’m not a fan of actually sending such notes. (In fact, make sure you never do this as a draft in your official company email system this letter should exist only in a place your employers don’t have access to.) Sometimes it’s appropriate to submit a formal letter of resignation, but that is a separate exercise: Pour out your venom first, then start from scratch, composing yourself before you compose a statement you expect others to read. In this case, you may be right on the facts, but it’s hard to deny, based on the language you’re using, that you are still angry and resentful. This is rarely a productive frame of mind for convincing anyone else (your boss’s boss, let’s say) that you are offering a reasonable assessment. At best, you’ll communicate bitterness at worst, any mention of your lawyer might be interpreted as a veiled legal threat, which I doubt is your goal. And what is your goal? It’s not clear why you need to feel more “victorious” right after declaring victory for easily proving your own worth by finding new work elsewhere. Even if you see this boss as a liability to the company and think her supervisor should know, that would be a completely different letter  —   focused not on you but on the organization. But I generally see little point in trying to reform a company after you’ve quit. Maybe you’re having second thoughts about having resigned. That, too, is a different issue. You made a decision you felt was in your best interest, and there is no reason to get hung up on it. Focus on your future, not on continuing battles from your past. I supervise an employee who I know is considering moving on. I don’t begrudge him this because I can’t offer him the   position he wants. But I anticipate that he may ask me for a professional reference, and I’m not sure how to respond. He’s done decent work over all. But he’s demonstrated some frustrating traits. For example, he doesn’t respond reliably to emails while working remotely, and he waits for others to solve problems for him. I have no desire to sabotage his prospects (he’s young and at the beginning of his professional life) by withholding a reference or blabbing unnecessarily about his flaws. But if asked directly about things he needs to improve, I would not lie. What should I do if he asks for a reference? S. S. SEATTLE You could respond with a version of what you’ve said here. It sounds like, in general, you would endorse his work, you wish him well and you would not go out of your way to criticize him. That said (you could tell him) there are a few matters you would be honest about if asked  —   the ones you’ve named. End on a positive note by reiterating that you also see his good qualities and don’t want to prevent him from finding the   work you know he’s looking for. At that point, it’s really up to him. An alternative that has become popular is to adopt an “only the facts” policy: Tell him you’ll confirm dates of employment and the like, but that’s it. This is nothing personal, just company rules, or even your own personal rules. That may feel like a dodge  —   because it is  —   but it’s common practice at many organizations. (Obviously, if you do this you have to stick to it.) There’s one more option that might be more productive: a preventive strike. Have a conversation with this employee about the pros and cons of his performance before he announces he’s quitting. Start with the good points, note where he could do better, and circle back to the positive, perhaps noting his potential or some such. (Starting and ending on a high note is known as a “criticism sandwich. ”) It is honest and should help him whether he stays or goes  —   and might even benefit you.",0
11149,"After terrorizing America with Zika scaremongering, Washington Post now admits Zika virus doesn’t cause brain deformities after all","March 2, 2016: Zika PAYDAY! Obama wants to funnel $1.8 billion for vaccine research and more 
I even published a mini-documentary revealing the published science that shows how DEET insecticide causes brain damage in humans. You can watch it at this link or view the video below: 
If anyone from the Washington Post bothered to read Natural News and learn about real science, they would have learned that Zika has infected tens of millions of people throughout South America for decades , with absolutely no measurable increase in neurological deformations. (But facts be damned, the WashPost had a panic to push!) Nation after nation records tens of thousands of infections with ZERO birth defects… 
Despite the factual reality of the situation, the state-controlled propagandists writing for rags like the Washington Post — a bogus newspaper that has lost all credibility in the minds of intelligent people — continued to pummel home their kooky science theories that claimed much of the U.S. South would be overrun by brain damaging mosquitoes, turning Southerners into shrunken-brained mutants while pregnant women fled northward to survive the airborne insect onslaught. 
Instead, nothing happened . No explosion in shrunken-headed babies. No wave of birth defects across Florida, even as city officials desperately bombarded their own cities with brain-damaging insecticides. No national emergency declared by Obama to bring back DDT and eradicate baby-murdering mosquitoes by dousing our open streets with thick clouds of organophosphate neurotoxins. 
Instead, the rate of neurological birth defects in most countries approached zero. Via the Washington Post’s own graphic: (partial list) 
Venezuela: 60,791 Zika infections… ZERO birth defects Honduras: 31,933 Zika infections… ONE birth defect Guadalupe: 30,969 Zika infections… ZERO birth defects Puerto Rico: 29,084 Zika infections… TWO birth defects Mexico: 4,837 Zika infections… ZERO birth defects 
From the WashPost article: 
Brazilian officials were bracing for a flood of fetal deformities as Zika spread this year to other regions of the country, Marinho said. However, “we are not seeing a big increase.” 
Gee, really? 
The vast majority of the brain defects, it turns out, came from just one small region of Brazil. A total of 2,033 children are so far recorded with neurological defects there, even while most other countries throughout the region had ZERO birth defects (or near zero). 
So what gives? Zika mosquitoes apparently carry geopolitical maps so they can solely target Brazil 
You don’t have to be a genius to figure out that the stupid science theories of the mainstream media are total hokum and bunk . If Zika really did cause brain defects, it would have spread all across South America by now. It would have spread into Florida, California, Mississippi and Louisiana. It would have devastated the American South, Cuba, Haiti, Curacao and all the other island nations across the Caribbean. 
Yet the neurological defects were limited almost exclusively to Brazil. 
Somehow, if we believe the illiterate Washington Post science writers — who may in fact be the only brain damage victims of Zika in North America — mosquitoes carry MAPS to make sure they only activate their brain damage voodoo in Brazil . 
“…[A]lthough the outbreak has spread this year to more than 50 nations and territories across the Western Hemisphere, U.N. data shows just 142 cases of congenital birth defects linked to Zika so far outside Brazil,” says WashPost. 
Yes, my friends: GPA-carrying Zika mosquitoes are very careful to limit their pandemic voodoo to just one region of Brazil. By sheer coincidence, that’s the same region where larvacide chemicals were dumped into the public water supply. 
Apparently, there isn’t a single “official” scientist in the entire global government who has thought to test the water. Just freaking WOW… Let’s throw these morons out of power in every election, okay? They don’t deserve any positions of authority over anyone else. They’re all so incredibly stupid, they couldn’t survive at all unless they functioned as parasites on the taxpayers. They aren’t giving up hope just yet… science writers desperately hope for more brain damaged babies to prove them right 
Enthusiasm for more brain damaged babies runs high at the Washington Post, which explains why they are all in for Hillary Clinton, the candidate of choice for brain damaged adults . Writing with a sense of real enthusiasm, the Washington Post can’t wait for more brain damaged babies to appear: 
Scientists at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention are closely watching Puerto Rico, which has reported more than 26,800 cases of Zika. More than 7,000 pregnant women could be infected by the end of the year, according to the CDC. (Yippee?) 
And now, the loony tunes quack science of the Zika “scientists” goes apoplectic, grasping for silly metaphors to try to obscure the fact that they are all stupid beyond belief . Via the WashPost: 
“Now we’ve settled on Zika as the smoking gun, but we don’t know who pulled the trigger,” said Marques, speaking from Recife, where he is working with government researchers. 
Huh? Wha? The metaphor doesn’t even make any sense. 
Maybe the problem is too much fornicating. Seriously, this is now part of their idiotic theory: 
“Sexual habits and hygiene may also play a role,” he said, explaining that researchers are looking at whether sexual transmission can infect the uterus and placenta with the virus, potentially exposing the fetus to elevated risk. “We suspect the villain has an accomplice, but we don’t know who it is,” Marques said. 
Huh? Do they seriously think that people only have sex in Brazil but not other South American countries? Where does the Washington Post find these morons? I’m a real scientist saying all this 
As you read all this, remember that I have rapidly become one of the world’s leading research scientists on the quantitation of cannabinoids in hemp extracts using mass spec instrumentation. I led the team that developed the most pioneering (and accurate) CBD mass spec analysis method in existence today. You can read about it at this link . I also routinely test water, food and environmental samples for heavy metals, pesticides and a multitude of chemical contaminants. When I say these Zika scientists are complete morons, that’s the educated opinion of an accomplished scientist correctly pointing out the lunacy of Zika scaremongering. 
I could have solved this entire problem in the first few days by analyzing and detecting brain-damaging larvacide chemicals in the public water supply in Eastern Brazil. The entire project would have taken just a few days and cost almost nothing. Instead, Obama handed $1.8 billion to the vaccine companies in the midst of the Zika panic pushed by laughable rags like the Washington Post. It’s all a racket, of course, just like their coverage of elections and political candidates. Everything you read at the Washington Post is a deception of one kind or another . The paper exists solely to promote the propaganda of the state so that the population can be manipulated and controlled. The Washington Post exists to terrorize the citizens with fascist propaganda parading as science 
As you’ve also learned by now, the corrupt leftist establishment of junk science, criminal politicians and idiotic journalists isn’t interested in legitimate scientific solutions . They all function as extensions of a fascist state that must routinely terrorize its citizens with pandemic boogeyman scare stories in order to demand absolute obedience to the vaccine mandates that actually do damage the brains of children. 
Thus, SCIENCE be damned. They’ve got an agenda to push, and it doesn’t matter to them whether that agenda is based on a single shred of real science. Zika is dangerous because they told you so, in exactly the same way they told you Hillary Clinton is totally honest, Obamacare would make health care more affordable, there’s no such thing as voter fraud in America, and GMOs and vaccines are really, really good for you. 
So you can put down the DEET and stop poisoning your skin like an obedient idiot. Yes, it was all a scam. Yes, the official “science” was totally rigged. Yes, the media lied to you yet again. Yes, the CDC is a criminal racket. Yes, all the health “officials” were completely full of s**t. And no, Zika is not going to cause your babies to be born with shrunken heads. VACCINES, on the other hand, will most definitely cause brain damage, as they still contain mercury, a potent neurotoxin the Washington Post ridiculously insists becomes magically neutralized when you inject it into the body of a child.",0
11150,"BREAKING! NYPD Ready To Make Arrests In Weiner Case…Hillary Visited Pedophile Island At Least 6 Times…Money Laundering, Underage Sex, Pay-for-Play,Proof of Inappropriate Handling Classified Information » 100percentfedUp.com","BREAKING! NYPD Ready To Make Arrests In Weiner Case…Hillary Visited Pedophile Island At Least 6 Times…Money Laundering, Underage Sex, Pay-for-Play,Proof of Inappropriate Handling Classified Information Blackwater USA Founder, Retired Navy Seal Erik Prince 
Prince claimed he had insider knowledge of the investigation that could help explain why FBI Director James Comey had to announce he was reopening the investigation into Clinton’s email server last week. 
“Because of Weinergate and the sexting scandal, the NYPD started investigating it. Through a subpoena, through a warrant, they searched his laptop, and sure enough, found those 650,000 emails. They found way more stuff than just more information pertaining to the inappropriate sexting the guy was doing,” Prince claimed. 
“They found State Department emails. They found a lot of other really damning criminal information, including money laundering, including the fact that Hillary went to this sex island with convicted pedophile Jeffrey Epstein. Bill Clinton went there more than 20 times. Hillary Clinton went there at least six times,” he said. 
“The amount of garbage that they found in these emails, of criminal activity by Hillary, by her immediate circle, and even by other Democratic members of Congress was so disgusting they gave it to the FBI, and they said, ‘We’re going to go public with this if you don’t reopen the investigation and you don’t do the right thing with timely indictments,’” Prince explained. 
“I believe – I know, and this is from a very well-placed source of mine at 1PP, One Police Plaza in New York – the NYPD wanted to do a press conference announcing the warrants and the additional arrests they were making in this investigation, and they’ve gotten huge pushback, to the point of coercion, from the Justice Department, with the Justice Department threatening to charge someone that had been unrelated in the accidental heart attack death of Eric Garner almost two years ago. That’s the level of pushback the Obama Justice Department is doing against actually seeking justice in the email and other related criminal matters,” Prince said. 
“There’s five different parts of the FBI conducting investigations into these things, with constant downdrafts from the Obama Justice Department. So in the, I hope, unlikely and very unfortunate event that Hillary Clinton is elected president, we will have a constitutional crisis that we have not seen since, I believe, 1860,” Prince declared. 
Marlow asked Prince to clarify these revelations. 
“NYPD was the first one to look at that laptop,” Prince elaborated. “Weiner and Huma Abedin, his wife – the closest adviser of Hillary Clinton for 20 years – have both flipped. They are cooperating with the government. They both have – they see potential jail time of many years for their crimes, for Huma Abedin sending and receiving and even storing hundreds of thousands of messages from the State Department server and from Hillary Clinton’s own homebrew server, which contained classified information. Weiner faces all kinds of exposure for the inappropriate sexting that was going on and for other information that they found.” 
“So NYPD first gets that computer. They see how disgusting it is. They keep a copy of everything, and they pass a copy on to the FBI, which finally pushes the FBI off their chairs, making Comey reopen that investigation, which was indicated in the letter last week. The point being, NYPD has all the information, and they will pursue justice within their rights if the FBI doesn’t,” Prince contended. 
“There is all kinds of criminal culpability through all the emails they’ve seen of that 650,000, including money laundering, underage sex, pay-for-play, and, of course, plenty of proof of inappropriate handling, sending/receiving of classified information, up to SAP level Special Access Programs,” he stated. 
“So the plot thickens. NYPD was pushing because, as an article quoted one of the chiefs – that’s the level just below commissioner – he said as a parent, as a father with daughters, he could not let that level of evil continue,” Prince said. 
He noted that the FBI can investigate these matters, “but they can’t convene a grand jury. They can’t file charges.” 
“The prosecutors, the Justice Department has to do that,” he explained. “Now, as I understand it, Preet Bharara, the Manhattan prosecutor, has gotten ahold of some of this. From what I hear, he’s a stand-up guy, and hopefully he does the right thing.” 
Marlow agreed that Bharara’s “sterling reputation” as a determined prosecutor was “bad news for the Clintons.” 
Prince agreed, but said, “If people are willing to bend or break the law and don’t really care about the Constitution or due process – if you’re willing to use Stalinist tactics against someone – who knows what level of pressure” could be brought to bear against even the most tenacious law enforcement officials? 
Listen to interview here: 
“The point being, fortunately, it’s not just the FBI; [there are] five different offices that are in the hunt for justice, but the NYPD has it as well,” Prince said, citing the Wall Street Journal reporting that has “exposed downdraft, back pressure from the Justice Department” against both the FBI and NYPD, in an effort to “keep the sunlight and the disinfecting effects of the truth and transparency from shining on this great evil that has gone on, and is slowly being exposed.” 
“The Justice Department is trying to run out the clock, to elect Hillary Clinton, to prevent any real justice from being done,” he warned. 
As for the mayor of New York City, Prince said he has heard that “de Blasio wants to stay away from this.” 
“The evidence is so bad, the email content is so bad, that I think even he wants to stay away from it, which is really telling,” he said. 
For entire story: Breitbart News 14.7K shares ",0
11151,Sweden Has Introduced a 6 Hour Working Day,"posted by Eddie Most school kids watch the clock during the last few classes of the day, watching the time steadily tick until they can run home and play, hang out, or sleep, depending on the age. Watching the clock is not a sign of immaturity since we understand it can sometimes be difficult to sit in one place and concentrate on difficult tasks for an extended period of time. This habit often follows us through life as we settle into jobs and careers. It could be that we love our work, but around three and four o’clock, we begin to fidget. We start thinking about the things we will have to do when we get home, like shop, go to the gym, make dinner, or attend a special event. The last two hours tick away more slowly than the first two. This innovative Swedish company has found the solution to this problem. You will be so jealous! The 6 Hour Work Day for Sweden Filimundus is a Swedish mobile app developer where this idea was originated. The board of directors analyzed their employees and noted the difficulties in maintaining efficiency and concentration for eight hours. It was almost impossible for most of the workers. They had to take breaks to clear their heads and try to muster up more focus for the remainder of the day. This wasted a lot of potentially productive time. 
The board of directors found the perfect solution, a six hour work day, with wages left unaffected. They tried it out and discovered that the employees could complete the same amount of work within six hours which they were originally doing within eight. This new practice increased their efficiency at their jobs and left more time and strength for their home life. Overall, the employees agreed that they felt happier and more successful with this new arrangement. The Ripple Effect 
This newly improved schedule is being looked into by medical workers of some clinics . That is no surprise figuring how exhausting their job must be. According to The Independent , the six-hour working day will soon be implemented in the whole country. (1) 6 Hour Day for America? 
For most employees who have the 9 to 5 shift, not all of that time is optimized for working. According to studies from The Atlantic , an estimated 1.5 to 3 hours per day is used for online shopping, checking social media and emails, personal phone calls, and chatting with colleagues. It seems that the average employee works a solid six hours anyway, but without the benefits of enjoying free time and rest. A shortened work day means less stress, and we all know how important that is for our health. (2) We would all appreciate a shorter work day, but most of us are not moving to Sweden, and no one should hold their breath for this new schedule to come to their office anytime soon. Sources: (1) Bright Side brightside.me Published: September 5, 2016. Accessed: October 27, 2016. (2) S. Kumar. What the U.S. could learn from Sweden’s 6-hour work day fortune.com Published: October 6, 2015. Accessed: October 27, 2016. From Around the Web Founder of WorldTruth.Tv and WomansVibe.com Eddie ( 8938 Posts ) 
Eddie L. is the founder and owner of www.WorldTruth.TV. and www.Womansvibe.com. Both website are dedicated to educating and informing people with articles on powerful and concealed information from around the world. I have spent the last 36+ years researching Bible, History, Alternative Health, Secret Societies, Symbolism and many other topics that are not reported by mainstream media.",0
11152,EXCLUSIVE – Islamic State Supporters: ‘Soon We’ll Attack the Snake’s Head and Destroy Iran’,"Writing in an encrypted chat room, Islamic State sympathizers and militants celebrated the deadly attacks on the parliament building in Iran and the tomb of the country’s Shiite revolutionary founder. [Breitbart Jerusalem obtained access to correspondence posted in a closed chat group that utilizes the encrypted Telegram messaging service. The group serves as an internal Twitter of sorts for IS jihadists and sympathizers, and has been used in the past to issue IS communications.  IS claimed responsibility for the attacks on Iran, which took place during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan and appeared orchestrated in a manner to cause maximum civilian casualties. Writing in the encrypted Telegram group, IS member Abou Obaida Alsameraii exclaimed, “We thank Allah, ask his forgiveness and thank him for facilitating our attack and our hits. We are counting on Allah as we strike Allah’s enemies. This is a land of heresy, a capital of impurity, prostitution and profanity called Tehran. Today we attacked them in the depths of their land. We won’t let them only attack us. We did this to defend our Sunni nation and we are punishing our enemies. Today we attacked their parliament, attacked their temple and their cemeteries and soon we’ll attack the snake’s head and destroy Iran with the help of Allah. ” Another Telegram member who goes by the name “Prince of the Jihad and Death as a Martyr” wrote, “May your jihad be blessed and may your fight be blessed, you lions of the Islamic State, princes of jihad and those who die as martyrs. Today our brothers, with their bodies, struck and attacked the heretic capital of Tehran. With their blood, they’ve written a chapter in history, a new history. What was before today’s attack will never be the same. This is a new era and a new stage in which we will witness more hits from our brothers against the countries of heresy. ” Abi Abdullah Aljazrawi wrote, “Allah is great, Allah is great, Allah is great. Thanks to Allah. We worship Allah to thank him for causing the infidels and criminals to taste the attacks of our brothers. We swear to Allah that we will break them yet, that there will be more of these. We say to them, there will yet be soldiers who shake their lands. We swear to Allah that they will see the strength of our brothers, the mujahedeen. They will see what their mercenaries in Iraq and Syria have not yet seen. We will shake their lands. ” Abi Dajana Alhomsi wrote, “Allah is great. We strike in Syria, Iraq and infidel countries in Europe and those who stand at the head of American terror and today we strike the heresy of Iran as we struck not so long ago in Saudi Arabia and against the supporters of the Gulf states of prostitution. We swear to Allah that the country of Caliphs will spread in spite of the opposition. This will be a Caliphate in the way of the prophet, a Caliphate that does not compromise with the enemy or give mercy to evil. We swear to Allah that we will show them the strength of our mujahedeen, they will see power that they have never realized. ” Abi Rahman Aljazrawi wrote, “They accused our country and our Caliphate of being agents of Saudi Arabia, America and Iran. Everyday we prove to everyone that we are walking the path of the prophet. We are the agents of Islam and all these bastards have no value according to our religion as long as they do not return to the righteous path and as long as the Christians do not pay, with submission, the poll tax. We swear to Allah that we go with justice and Allah is the one supporting us and will bring us victory. You would love for us to be your agents and supporters. We are soldiers of Allah on Earth and we will tear up your roots and return to Islam. ” ",0
11153,"Number Of Accusers Grows To 12, As Former Miss Finland Accuses Trump of Sexual Assault","By Sarah Jones on Thu, Oct 27th, 2016 at 1:41 pm The 12th woman has come forward to accuse Donald Trump of doing what he bragged about doing on the Billy Bush bus tape. In a story that sounds very familiar, former Miss Finland Ninni Laaksonen told the tabloid Ilta-Sanomat that Trump grabbed her butt. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
The 12th woman has come forward to accuse Donald Trump of doing what he bragged about doing on the Billy Bush bus tape. 
In a story that sounds very familiar, former Miss Finland Ninni Laaksonen told the tabloid Ilta-Sanomat that the now Republican nominee grabbed her butt just before Trump and three other beauty pageant contests went on the air for the Late Show with David Letterman in 2006. 
“Before the show we were photographed outside the building,” Laaksonen is quoted by Haaretz . “Trump stood next to me and suddenly he squeezed my butt. He really grabbed my butt. I don’t think anybody saw it but I flinched and thought, ‘What is happening?'” 
As to the veracity of these claims, it should be noted that Laaksonen didn’t seek the tabloid out. Ilta-Sanomat, the second largest paper in the country according to Wikipedia , reached out to Finnish women who had encountered Trump and that’s how they discovered her story. 
In case you’re not already grimacing, the former Miss Finland added, “Somebody told me there that Trump liked me because I looked like Melania when she was younger.” 
Trump has been caught on tape saying women expire at the age of 35. Melania Trump is now 46, so she would have been “expired” when this alleged groping incident took place in 2006. 
New York Magazine has an exhaustive list of allegations made by women against Donald Trump. 
Donald Trump is on tape bragging about grabbing women by their “p*ssy” against their will, so it’s not a stretch to hear that he did indeed do this to women who are also willing to come forward and face the wrath of the Trump machine. 
What should be alarming is that Donald Trump is the best of the best on the Republican bench. I mean, that is supposed to be how this works, right? A group of top contenders are picked for possible nomination and the best gets it. 
Republicans try to say this is just locker room talk, but if then Senator Barack Obama had had a bus tape like Trump’s, let alone 12 women accusing him of doing what he bragged about doing, he not only wouldn’t be in office right now – he wouldn’t have been a contender. Rightfully so.",0
11154,"President Trump Takes Calls with World Leaders: Germany, France, Australia, Russia, Japan - Breitbart","On Saturday President Trump engaged in a series of phone calls with five world leaders to discuss diplomatic relations, including Germany’s Angela Merkel, Russia’s Vladimir Putin, and Japan’s Shinzo Abe. [The call with Russian president Vladimir Putin was closely watched on both sides of the Atlantic, as Presidents Trump and Putin discussed such topics as stabilizing relations, restoring trade ties, the threat of radical Islamic terrorism, and situations in Ukraine and the Koreas, CNN reported.  The call with Putin comes after both presidents recently expressed desires to strengthen relations after a series of sanctions were lowered on Russia during the Obama years. The Russian statement on Trump’s call did not mention if Obama’s sanctions were discussed. President Trump also spoke to Japanese leader Shinzo Abe about the U. S. pulling out of the   Partnership, a   trade deal that Abe supported. The president reportedly told Abe that he was more interested in bilateral trade deals that were easier to manage and alter as the situation demands, the Washington Times said. The pair arranged a meeting in Washington for next month. In his conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, the White House said Trump and Merkel agreed on the “fundamental importance” of NATO and made plans for an   visit in the near future, voanews. com noted. Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull described his conversation with the U. S. leader as frank, constructive, and practical, Australia’s ABC reported. “We discussed the vital importance of the United States’ continued strong presence in our region,” Turnbull told his nation. “We agreed that presence has been an absolutely essential foundation of the peace and stability that has enabled the remarkable growth and prosperity  —   the remarkable economic growth we have seen over the last 40 years,” the Australian leader added. President Trump is also set to speak to French President Francois Hollande, a leader who has been sharply critical of the newly elected American leader. In past calls, the pair discussed ISIS, climate change, and the situation in Ukraine, according to Agence  . But Hollande has made a series of critical statements about Trump since the early November call. For instance, at the end of January, Hollande insisted Europe must oppose Trump with a “firm” response, and only days ago Hollande said Trump would be a “challenge” for Europe’s leaders. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
11155,Violent Escalation At The #DAPL Protests w/Derrick Broze,By Watching The Hawks RT Tyrel Ventura is joined by independent journalist Derrick Broze to talk about his horrific experiences at the #DAPL protest. Subscribe ,0
11156,"Black Agenda Radio for Week of No 14, 2016","News, information and analysis from the black left. Black Agenda Radio for Week of No 14, 2016 Submitted by Nellie Bailey a... on Mon, 11/14/2016 - 21:23 2016 elections Cornel West: Class Becoming “Much More Central” 
“We are witnessing the end of the neoliberal era,” said Dr. Cornel West , the nation’s most prominent Black public intellectual, assessing the import of last week’s election. West backed Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primaries, then endorsed the Green Party’s presidential ticket. The election “did not go left-populist, following Bernie Sanders and Jill Stein,” he said. Instead, “it went rightwing-fascist. But the neoliberal era is coming to a close and the neoliberal establishment is being exposed. The issues of class now are becoming much more central.” Trump Supporters Mounted an “Insurrection” 
Duboisian scholar Dr. Anthony Monteiro was among the few observers on the Left that thought Donald Trump would win at the polls. But, even he was startled at the scope of Trump’s sweep. “I felt that the insurgency would grow and deepen, but I never thought that it would become an insurrection,” said Monteiro. “In a certain sense, white working and poor people in these small, rust belt towns have a sense of achievement in having brought the Clintons down that Black people had in 2008 when Barack Obama was elected with a huge Black turnout,” he said. Monteiro is one of the organizers of a Conference on Political Science for Radical Times, set for December 9-10, in Philadelphia. TPP “On Its Death Bed” 
With Donald Trump’s victory, President Obama’s Trans Pacific Partnership corporate rights trade deal is “looking like it’s on its death bed,” said Kevin Zeese , of Popular Resistance. “We’ve worked for five years to make TPP stand for Toxic Political Poison, and that seems to have happened,” said Zeese. Trump won in “the rust belt that was destroyed by NAFTA” -- Bill Clinton’s jobs-exporting bill of a generation ago -- “and was going to be threatened again by TPP.” Zeese said Obama may make a last bid to pass TPP in the lame duck session of Congress that begins this week. Finally, a Practical Guide to Black Self-Determination 
The Black is Back Coalition for Social Justice, Peace and Reparations adopted a 19-point Black Political Agenda for Self-Determination, at a conference in Washington. The document applies the principle of self-determination to the broadest range of issues, from Black Community Control of the Police, to Mass Black Incarceration, to Nationalization of the Banks. “Everybody wants self-determination,” said Coalition chairman Omali Yeshitela , “but what does it mean, practically?” The 19 points give direction to the struggle. “This isn’t something you work on every four years,” said Yeshitela. “This is something you work on every day. This is our program.” 
Margaret Kimberley , an editor and senior columnist for Black Agenda Report, told the conference: “When we meet together, today, we are showing the world what self-determination looks like.” Voting for “your enemies” is not self-determination, and “thinking that electoral politics is the only road to liberation is not self-determination,” said Kimberley. Black Agenda Radio on the Progressive Radio Network is hosted by Glen Ford and Nellie Bailey. A new edition of the program airs every Monday at 11:00am ET on PRN. Length: one hour.",0
11157,The Media Hysteria and Dishonesty On Trump Has Backfired,"By wmw_admin on November 2, 2016 Jared Taylor — The Unz Review Oct 28, 2016 From the start of Donald Trump’s campaign, the media have covered him dishonestly. They have consistently portrayed him as a closet “ white supremacist ” who deliberately appeals to “ racists .” They have tried to tie him to a wicked movement known as the “ Alt-Right .” They are now working on another dishonest angle: that Donald Trump is “mainstreaming hate” and bringing “racism” into public discourse. The media clearly want to stampede voters into Mrs. Clinton’s camp so as to spare us the agony of a “racist” in the White House. The demonization campaign has backfired. By trying to hang racial dissidents around Donald Trump’s neck , the media have given American Renaissance and other organizations far more publicity than ever before. At the same time, c onstant shouts of “racist” and “bigot” don’t seem to hurt Mr. Trump: instead they are wrecking what is left of media credibility. The biggest irony, though, is that Donald Trump is probably not one of us at all. But even small deviations from the cast-iron orthodoxy of race are enough to plunge our rulers into dark fantasies about Donald Trump as a secret David Duke fan. Media dishonesty started immediately. When Mr. Trump pointed out that some immigrants from Mexico were criminals , the press acted as if he had said all Mexican immigrants are criminals. Then, when alert news hounds discovered that those of us they love to call “haters” and “white supremacists” liked Mr. Trump, there was no end of articles with titles such as : “ Meet the Horde of Neo-Nazis, Klansmen, and Other Extremist Leaders Endorsing Donald Trump ,” “ Top Racists And Neo-Nazis Back Donald Trump ,” “ ‘Heil Donald Trump’: Neo-Nazis, White Supremacists Show Support ,” and “ The White Nationalists Who Support Donald Trump .” These articles had a simpleminded purpose: discredit Mr. Trump by parading before the reader any Nazi, Kluxer, or racially conscious white person who had anything nice to say about the candidate. The implication was that if “racists” were going to vote for Donald Trump he must be “racist,” too . This was deceitful and one-sided. When the chairman of the American Communist Party endorsed Hillary Clinton , no one suggested this meant she was a communist . It is true that Mr. Trump gave the media just enough of an excuse to pretend he really is a closet “bigot” because he did not repudiate “racists” with the snorts of indignation respectability requires. There was the famous exchange in February when a reporter pushed Mr. Trump to disavow an endorsement from David Duke. As The Hill reported it: “ ‘David Duke endorsed me? OK, alright. I disavow, OK?’ Trump said, seeking to quickly move on to another question.” That same month, there was another famous exchange with Jake Tapper of CNN : Tapper: Will you unequivocally condemn David Duke and say that you don’t want his vote or that of other white supremacists in this election? Donald Trump: Well just so you understand, I don’t know anything about David Duke, OK? I don’t know anything about what you’re even talking about with white supremacy or white supremacists. So, I don’t know. I don’t know, did he endorse me, or what’s going on? Because, you know, I know nothing about David Duke. I know nothing about white supremacists. The media leaped on these exchanges with shouts of joy . “Trump refuses to disavow white supremacists! That’s because he is one!” There are far better explanations. First, Donald Trump is a pugnacious man. He doesn’t like being pushed around by anyone, especially not by journalists who hate him . If Mr. Tapper had belligerently demanded that Mr. Trump agree that the sky is blue, Mr. Trump would have bridled at that. Second, Donald Trump probably doesn’t know anything about David Duke or white supremacy. I would be astonished if he has ever looked into the thinking of David Duke or any other alleged “white supremacist.” It is his feistiness and his ignorance of white advocacy that explain his answers, not some carefully concealed racial consciousness. The press has also pounced on Donald Trump’s retweets of “racist” material, which is supposed to be yet more proof that he is a secret supremacist. Business Insider, for example, published this shocking story: “ 5 times Donald Trump has engaged with alt-right racists on Twitter .” Not one of these tweets is obviously “racist,” and it would be surprising if Mr. Trump or his skeleton staff took the time to vet the sources of the thousands of tweets @realDonaldTrump has sent during the campaign. Now the press is working on another smear-Trump angle. Recently, I have been contacted by journalists from such places as Bloomberg News, Reuters, and the New York Times , who clearly want to write that Donald Trump is “ mainstreaming hate ,” that he is responsible for a huge surge in the Alt-Right. They want to know about all the people who have been flocking to AmRen.com because of what Donald Trump says. They want me to tell them about people who have been “emboldened” to “speak out against minorities” because Donald Trump has led the way. They would love to find someone who now thinks he is free to run down the street shouting “nigger!” because Mr. Trump wants to take a hard look at Muslim immigrants . I have explained to them as patiently as I can that they have it the wrong way around. No one comes looking for AmRen.com because Donald Trump wants to build a wall. They come looking for us because the media have written about us in their attempt to convince the world that Mr. Trump is a “racist.” They come looking for us because Mrs. Clinton kindly called attention to us by complaining about the Alt-Right and her “ basket of deplorables .” I also try to explain that if the media had not launched its malicious campaign of trying to hold Donald Trump responsible for the views of certain people who support him, few people would have heard of the Alt-Right. In their zeal to paint their enemy in the darkest colors, they are promoting the Alt-Right, not Donald Trump. Rioting in Ferguson after Michael Brown was shot dead. Click to enlarge I explain that racial dissent has been growing like never before, for reasons that have nothing to do with the campaign. It is Trayvon Martin , Michael Brown , Black Lives Matter , and black rioters who are sending hundreds of thousands of frustrated white people our way– not Donald Trump. This will not change whether Mr. Trump wins or loses. The top landing pages on AmRen.com are analyses of race and crime–something Mr. Trump never talks about. I also explain to reporters that it is idiotic to think Mr. Trump has mainstreamed “hate,” by which they mean sensible observations about race. I ask them to name a single person who has been “emboldened” to say something “racist” just because Donald Trump is the GOP nominee. Of course, they can’t. If anything, it is the opposite. Mr. Trump has been called every name under the sun for the mildest, most common-sense observations about Muslims and immigration. Anyone tempted to come out of the closet is likely to hesitate more than ever. Things could change if Mr. Trump becomes president, but the candidate himself has done very little to spread our ideas. What Donald Trump has done is spark an unprecedented interest in politics among disaffected young people who recognize that Mitt Romney and John McCain are no different from Barack Obama when it comes to preserving whites, their society, and their culture. I know a number of millennials who never bothered to vote before but who certainly will in November. I know some who have made their first political contribution or who have spent weekends volunteering for the Trump campaign. I point out to reporters that this is what elections are supposed to be all about: giving the voters real choices. I note that the Trump/Clinton contest will almost certainly produce a record voter turnout for a modern election. Haven’t our rulers been wringing their hands over a lack of political engagement, especially among the young? Well, now they have engagement, alright, but they don’t like it. They don’t like it because so many people are stumping for the candidate they love to call a “ threat to democracy .” Liberals are such transparent hypocrites. They claim to love democracy, but suddenly start worrying about its health if the people refuse vote the way they tell them to. The whole Trump-is-a-racist fracas shows just how painfully fragile orthodoxy has become. I may be wrong, but I have no reason to think Donald Trump thinks at all as we do. He has never said or done anything to suggest he is anything more than an ordinary American with normal instincts: He doesn’t want criminals sneaking across the border, he thinks sanctuary cities for illegals are crazy, he doesn’t see why we need more Muslims, and he is angry when immigrants go on welfare. Millions of ordinary Americans clearly agree with him, and not because they are racially aware. It is because they are decent, fair-minded people who also have a nagging sense that the country is changing in unwelcome ways. I am convinced that Mr. Trump does not have a sophisticated understanding of race. So far as I can tell, he doesn’t have a sophisticated understanding of much of anything. He has stumbled by instinct onto a few sensible policies that white advocates have been promoting for a long time, but not because he is one of us. Maybe–just maybe–he will move in our direction. It’s not impossible to imagine a President Trump asking, in an offhand way, “What’s wrong with white people wanting to remain a majority in the United States?” Or he might casually note that you can’t expect as many blacks as Asians in AP classes because they don’t have the same levels of intelligence . But I can imagine the opposite, too: President Trump so bogged down in Beltway baloney that he never even builds the wall. There is one thing that Donald Trump has changed. He has proven that Republican bromides about taxes and small government don’t excite people. He has proven that there is tremendous anger against political insiders of both parties. He has proven that Americans do want their country to come first. They don’t want it to try to save the world or to be a dumping ground for people who have wrecked their own countries. And even if he has not “mainstreamed racism,” he has shown that if you have a backbone you can withstand what is surely the most intense and concentrated program of hate ever directed at an American. On October 11, Roger Cohen wrote in the New York Times that Donald Trump is a “phony, liar, blowhard, cheat, bully, misogynist, demagogue, predator, bigot, bore, egomaniac, racist, sexist, sociopath,” and a “dictator-in-waiting with a brat’s temper and a prig’s scowl.” [ Trumpism After Trump ] This must be one of the most unhinged, hysterical outbursts in the history of American political journalism. And it is unusual only for its wordiness, not its tone. Don’t the editors of the Times realize that this kind of frothing explains why more Americans believe in Bigfoot (29 percent) than trust newspapers (20 percent)? Virtually the entire industry is so consumed with rage at Donald Trump and contempt for his supporters that it cannot control itself. Open, petulant bias is driving more and more Americans to social media and to sites like AmRen.com for their news. Despite the concerted shrieking of virtually the entire American ruling class, Donald Trump is going to get close to half of the vote on November 8. Some 60 million people are going to vote for a man for whom Roger Cohen [] has emptied his dictionary trying to insult. Only one major newspaper has endorsed Donald Trump. Only one . And this is a man whom the American people might choose as their president. What better proof could we have of the stark difference between printed opinion and public opinion, between what Americans think and what our rulers want us to think? Donald Trump has ripped away whatever was left of the pretense of media objectivity. Whether he wins or not, whether he is one of us or not, Donald Trump has laid bare the collusion between big media and a political system in which both parties collaborate to run the country in their interests and those of their big donors. Voters–finally–have a chance to vote against the entire corrupt system. On November 8th they could bring it crashing down, but even if it still stands, it is visibly weakened, badly discredited. These are the perfect conditions in which our ideas will flourish as never before. Jared Taylor [ Email him ] is editor of American Renaissance and the author of Paved With Good Intentions: The Failure of Race Relations in Contemporary America . (For Peter Brimelow’s review, click here .) His most recent book is White Identity .",0
11158,Life: 7 Sausages The National Park Service Has Hidden Somewhere In Yellowstone For People To Find,"Email With over a thousand miles of trails, hundreds of lakes, and seven sausages hidden somewhere in there, Yellowstone should be high on your bucket list. 1. Yellowstone is home to countless species of birds, mammals, fish, and reptiles, as well as this delicious sausage, which has been carefully secreted somewhere within the confines of the park’s 3,468.4 square miles, and which is all yours if you find it. 2. Ever since the National Park Service announced that it was hiding this bratwurst somewhere in Yellowstone, annual attendance has skyrocketed 41 percent. And with this plump, tasty brat yet to be found, we can’t see that number going down anytime soon. 3. This sausage may be missing a bite, but rest assured, it will still be full of meaty flavor if you can find it hidden among Yellowstone’s many illustrious geysers and canyons. 4. Good luck finding this one before one of Yellowstone’s many wolves gobbles it up! 5. This kielbasa, hidden in a crack in the basalt of Tower Falls, can only be seen on the full moon closest to the winter solstice, so good luck getting your hands on any of its porky, smoked flavor. 6. The only hint the Park Service is giving for this one is that it’s near some rocks. 7 . The National Park Service is always looking for ways to make visiting Yellowstone more enjoyable, and by hiding this Middle Eastern sausage in a treasure chest located at the bottom of Shoshone Lake for divers to find, it’s certainly done just that. If you’ve got your eyes on this one, move fast, because there’s no telling how long this one will stick around before a daring visitor nabs it.",0
11159,U.S. Is Sending 400 More Troops to Syria - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The United States is sending an additional 400 troops to Syria to help prepare for the looming fight for Raqqa, the capital of the Islamic State’s   caliphate, American officials said on Thursday. The increase, which includes a team of Army Rangers and a Marine artillery unit that have already arrived in Syria, represents a   of the number of American troops there. The United States military has declined to say how many troops it has deployed in Syria. The formal troop cap is 503, but commanders have the authority to temporarily exceed that limit. The Rangers’ presence became apparent last weekend when they were seen driving around the northern Syrian town of Manbij in Stryker vehicles and armored Humvees. The Washington Post earlier reported the deployment of the Marine artillery battery. “We are preparing logistical and fire support to enable a successful assault on Raqqa, the   capital of ISIS,” said Col. John L. Dorrian, a spokesman for the   command that is fighting the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. “The exact numbers and locations of these forces are sensitive in order to protect our forces, but there will be approximately an additional 400 enabling forces deployed for a temporary period to enable our Syrian partnered forces to defeat ISIS in Raqqa,” Colonel Dorrian added. The military strategy that is emerging in Syria parallels the approach that the United States has taken in Mosul, Iraq, and largely reflects the assumptions that guided the planning during the Obama administration. In Mosul, the Americans and their allies have provided the air power, rocket fire, artillery and advisers, enabling Iraqi forces to move forward in their push to take the city’s western half. Similarly, in the case of Raqqa, the idea is that Syrian forces will do most of the ground fighting but that Americans will assist them with advisers and firepower. The United States is already carrying out airstrikes in Syria and has deployed Himars    rockets in the northern part of the country. Before he left office, President Barack Obama approved the use of a small number of Apache attack helicopters, and they are expected to be part of the Raqqa operation, as well. Now, Marine artillery is being added, along with logistical support and training and protection in dealing with improvised explosive devises. Gen. Joseph L. Votel, the head of the United States Central Command, told reporters on Thursday that he was open to asking for more conventional military units if they are needed. “I feel very comfortable with mixing Special Operations forces with conventional forces,” General Votel said. “That is the way we fight. ” One big hole in the strategy concerns which fighters will actually seize Raqqa. American commanders favor a mixed force of Syrian Arabs and the Kurdish Y. P. G. militia. But Turkey objects to arming the Kurds, a group it has denounced as terrorists. The American military hopes it can mollify the Turks by making sure that the majority of the force that takes the city is Arab, and making clear that only local fighters will occupy the city after the Islamic State is driven out. But Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona and chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee who recently visited Syria and Turkey, questioned whether these assurances would be enough to ease the concerns of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. His role is critical because he has allowed American warplanes to operate from the Turkish airfield at Incirlik and has sent Turkish troops into Syria. “I’m not sure there’s an understanding of how seriously Erdogan views this issue,” Mr. McCain said in a Thursday hearing with General Votel. “I think there’s a possibility of an impending conflict between Turkey and the Kurds,” Mr. McCain said. Without providing details, General Votel responded, “We are trying to take actions to prevent that from occurring. ” Turning to other regions, General Votel said he agreed the Afghan conflict was stalemated and supported the appeal from the American commander in Afghanistan for additional troops. Regarding Yemen, General Votel said that he bore full responsibility for a January raid that was mounted to acquire intelligence about Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula. One American commando was killed, and civilians perished in the  . Mr. Trump has unwaveringly defended the value of the raid, but also told a Fox News interviewer that the operation was something the commanders “wanted to do. ” Mr. McCain said that while the heroism of the Special Operations forces could not be challenged, the operation raised questions, including why the mission continued after encountering heavy fire and why the commandos had failed to capture any Al Qaeda operatives. The American people, Mr. McCain said, need to be told the truth. General Votel said that four to 12 civilian casualties resulted from the operation, providing lower casualty estimates than some analysts. After the hearing, General Votel acknowledged that United States commandos had hoped to capture some Al Qaeda operatives so it could interrogate them about the group’s operations. “We were trying to develop our understanding of the area and that includes the people as well as other materials,” General Votel said. Still, he told the lawmakers that he did not see the need for an additional government investigation of the mission. In Iraq, as the fighting continued in Mosul, suicide bombers struck a village north of Baghdad as a wedding party gathered there, killing at least 26 people and wounding dozens, a government spokesman said on Thursday. There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attacks late Wednesday, but suspicion has fallen on the Islamic State, The Associated Press reported.",0
11160,"You’re an Adult. Your Brain, Not So Much. - The New York Times","Leah H. Somerville, a Harvard neuroscientist, sometimes finds herself in front of an audience of judges. They come to hear her speak about how the brain develops. It’s a subject on which many legal questions depend. How old does someone have to be to be sentenced to death? When should someone get to vote? Can an    give informed consent? Scientists like Dr. Somerville have learned a great deal in recent years. But the complex picture that’s emerging lacks the bright lines that policy makers would like. “Oftentimes, the very first question I get at the end of a presentation is, ‘O. K. that’s all very nice, but when is the brain finished? When is it done developing? ’” Dr. Somerville said. “And I give a very nonsatisfying answer. ” Dr. Somerville laid out the conundrum in detail in a commentary published on Wednesday in the journal Neuron. The human brain reaches its adult volume by age 10, but the neurons that make it up continue to change for years after that. The connections between neighboring neurons get pruned back, as new links emerge between more widely separated areas of the brain. Eventually this reshaping slows, a sign that the brain is maturing. But it happens at different rates in different parts of the brain. The pruning in the occipital lobe, at the back of the brain, tapers off by age 20. In the frontal lobe, in the front of the brain, new links are still forming at age 30, if not beyond. “It challenges the notion of what ‘done’ really means,” Dr. Somerville said. As the anatomy of the brain changes, its activity changes as well. In a child’s brain, neighboring regions tend to work together. By adulthood, distant regions start acting in concert. Neuroscientists have speculated that this   harmony lets the adult brain work more efficiently and process more information. But the development of these networks is still mysterious, and it’s not yet clear how they influence behavior. Some children, researchers have found, have neural networks that look as if they belong to an adult. But they’re still just children. Dr. Somerville’s own research focuses on how the changes in the maturing brain affect how people think. Adolescents do about as well as adults on cognition tests, for instance. But if they’re feeling strong emotions, those scores can plummet. The problem seems to be that teenagers have not yet developed a strong brain system that keeps emotions under control. That system may take a surprisingly long time to mature, according to a study published this year in Psychological Science. The authors asked a group of   to    to lie in an fMRI scanner and look at a monitor. They were instructed to press a button each time they were shown faces with a certain expression on them  —   happy in some trials, scared or neutral in others. And in some cases, the participants knew that they might hear a loud, jarring noise at the end of the trial. In the trials without the noise, the subjects did just as well as people in their  . But when they were expecting the noise, they did worse on the test. Brain scans revealed that the regions of their brains in which emotion is processed were unusually active, while areas dedicated to keeping those emotions under control were weak. “The young adults looked like teenagers,” said Laurence Steinberg, a psychologist at Temple University and an author of the study. Dr. Steinberg agreed with Dr. Somerville that the maturing of the brain was proving to be a long, complicated process without obvious milestones. Nevertheless, he thinks recent studies hold some important lessons for policy makers. He has proposed, for example, that the voting age be lowered to 16. “   are just as good at logical reasoning as older people are,” Dr. Steinberg said. Courts, too, may need to take into account the powerful influence of emotions, even on people in their early 20s. “Most crime situations that young people are involved in are emotionally arousing situations  —   they’re scared, or they’re angry, intoxicated or whatever,” Dr. Steinberg said. Dr. Somerville, on the other hand, said she was reluctant to offer specific policy suggestions based on her brain research. “I’m still in the learning stage, so I’d hesitate to call out any particular thing,” she said. But she does think it is important for the scientists to get a fuller picture of how the brain matures. Researchers need to do   studies to track its development from year to year, she said, well into the 20s or beyond. It’s not enough to compare people using simple categories, such as labeling people below age 18 as children and those older as adults. “Nothing magical occurs at that age,” Dr. Somerville said.",0
11161,Facebook Wall: Reactions to Arnab Goswami’s resignation from Times Now,"In a major blow to ear specialists across the country, the nation’s noise voice resigned from Times Now, as per several sources. How did celebrities and the general public react? Our correspondent Mark Zuckerpandian brings you some reactions: (Arnab Goswami plays a major role in our hilarious book “Unreal Aliens”. Get it NOW! ) Tweet About UnReal Mama 
Ek chatur naar badee hoshiyaar, apane hee jaal me phasat jaat ham hasat jaat are ho ho ho ho ho!",0
11162,"After November 8, America may need legalized pot","After November 8, America may need legalized pot By Frank Scott Posted on November 7, 2016 by Frank Scott 
“If we cast a vote for establishment politicians we are legitimizing establishment control of politics. It’s that simple.”—Michael K. Smith 
As millions prepare to do just what Smith warns against, including hundreds of thousands who think themselves dedicated to ending such control, it’s time we understand American mind management’s great success at reducing voters to herds of human cattle whether from a conservative right, a liberal left, or trapped in the middle of the political desert called the two party system under one class control. 
Reducing otherwise thoughtful Americans to sinking intellectually lower than those they are taught to disrespect as uneducated and worse, we find an allegedly liberal population that might make Germans during the Nazi era seem civil libertarians by comparison. The all consuming state of the mind managed and consciousness controlled—the greater the conflict, the tighter the control—finds supposedly educated groups reacting with all the critical thoughtfulness of a dog leaving its droppings on the pavement. And a likeness to excrement might be raising the level of debate, given the atrocities of persuasion used to reduce America’s political arena to a giant national toilet. Consider only a few of the glaring contradictions hardly given a thought by innocents who exercise more choice while shopping for clothes, pet food, weapons or drugs than in the political marketplace where they, instead of the products, are branded. And let’s remember the origin of this ugly overused term which originally meant burning into the flesh of an animal or human slave the “brand” of its owner. Whose “brand” are you? 
People taught that freedom of speech and thought are cherished ideals are programmed into vilifying those who dare to speak or think differently than they. While the all too easy examples of religious fundamentalists suppressing the freedom of one or another minority or the right to openly speak about beliefs that contradict the accepted code are cited by a purportedly secular liberal sector as narrow minded bigotry, it is as guilty, often proudly so, of the same behavior. 
For example, when a rich, silicon valley techmeister dared to contradict the hypothetically free thinking libertarian mindset of the market fundamentalist community who make up the majority of the rich IT class, the reaction was swift and as tolerant as any Nazi embargo on thought. Previously lauded by a gay liberal publication for being rich and homosexual as well, he became a villain and un-gay for being a supporter of Donald Trump. And liberals too young to remember or too ignorant to know about the anti-Soviet frenzy of the Cold War are aroused to react to Putin and Russia the way the people they treat with utter contempt might react to an abortion being performed at the altar during their church service. A supposed community of gay rights advocates doesn’t accept gays who don’t toe the party line of such supporters, while alleged anti-war oriented people operate in a controlled mental state lusting for war as the country moves closer to a military confrontation with Russia, provoked by sources of propaganda they formerly opposed moving them to think—if at all—from their lower anatomy, in the fashion of the candidate they are programmed to hate. 
A rapidly diminishing economic system that still rewards a substantial minority with comfort and privilege while giving the class above them that brands their professions measures of wealth beyond belief, is made to feel superior to the majority who carry the burden of social costs to finance their personal benefits. This results in great numbers of people looking down on those below them in the economic stratification of 21 st century capitalism, approaching that of its centuries old origins in comfort for some and squalor for most. Thus, those able to afford education, a shrinking minority and ”diverse” in the divide and conquer modes of identitarian affirmation, are taught to disrespect those with less ability to pay the educational premiums or qualify for the massive debt required. The majority of Americans, without college degrees and forced to accept even more limited work than those who make it through the paper mills and become lawyers, teachers or as often, baristas, are seen as less able to think or perform in the capitalist marketplace and become subjects of blame for all the worst aspects of the game. 
Inequality, racism, sexism, problems of immigration, gentrification and many other aspects of what passes for normal political economics are seen as the fault or responsibility of “others.” And the majority group, carefully splintered into as many ethnic, religious and ugliest and most ignorant of all, racial minorities—thus with less chance to perform as the majority we truly are—are driven to reactionary minority political organization which seems the only answer to other reactionary minority opposition given that action of a majority is treated as a work of fiction or desire of folly. Meanwhile, imperial warfare, Wall Street, Corporate America, the richest 1%, its well paid servants and Israeli interests continue to take up the lion’s share of the nation’s wealth as alleged market competition becomes the anti-social reality of the most while a perverted form of wealthy socialism exists with benefits for only the least. 
With established billionaires, through their banks and lobbies like NRAIPAC, maintaining control whichever of the deadly duo is elected by well meaning lesser evilites, the need for a radical politics of truly revolutionary and not simply social democratic change will become more pressing. The identity group of those with enough money to matter no matter what their skin tone, religion or ethnicity, needs to join with masses whose lives matter much less because they haven’t enough money to matter, no matter what their skin tone, ethnicity or religion. The most democratic, humane and efficient system will not happen until it’s created by people who understand that with all the horrid treatment of people of different caste and color, the primary division and barrier among all of humanity is that of economic class. With all the nonsense about an alleged problem of growing population, no one goes without food, shelter, education or healthcare because there isn’t enough of those things, but only because they haven’t enough money to pay for them and return a profit to the marketeers who sell them. 
We now have capital’s representatives from all supposed minorities in Congress, on Wall street, in the military, as CEOs of major corporations and just about everything else. Whether the private profits accrue to heterosexuals, homosexuals, people of light skin tone, dark skin tone, or with accents that identify them as from Mexico, Brooklyn or Serbo-Croatia, they come at public expense. Instead of seeking other mind management created minorities to blame or see as enemies, we need to direct our focus at the rigged system of human inequality which allows some to thrive only at others’ failure. The only minority to deal with on a confrontational basis is the billionaire gang formerly confronted by some dedicated followers of the Bernie Sanders campaign, before they became sheep led to a voting booth to make sure that billionaire minority retains its domination. If only 5% of them vote for Jill Stein, the Greens will receive millions of public dollars to continue building a real alternative of hope for the future. When slavish obedience to mind managed lesser evil ends, we will begin building a better nation and world, but not until then. On the eighth, vote, inhale deeply and try to relax, if you can. And on the ninth, begin working for that change, if you haven’t already. 
Frank Scott‘s political commentary and satire is online at legalienate.blogspot.com . Email:",0
11163,Protesters Gain Victory in Fight Over Dakota Access Oil Pipeline - The New York Times,"CANNON BALL, N. D.  —   The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe won a major victory on Sunday in its battle to block an oil pipeline being built near its reservation when the Department of the Army announced that it would not allow the pipeline to be drilled under a dammed section of the Missouri River. The Army said it would look for alternative routes for the $3. 7 billion Dakota Access pipeline. Construction of the route a   from the Standing Rock Sioux reservation has become a global flash point for environmental and indigenous activism, drawing thousands of people out here to a sprawling prairie camp of tents, tepees and yurts. “The best way to complete that work responsibly and expeditiously is to explore alternate routes for the pipeline crossing,”   Darcy, the Army’s assistant secretary for civil works, said in a statement. The move could presage a lengthy environmental review that has the potential to block the pipeline’s construction for months or years. But it was unclear how durable the government’s decision would be. Sunday’s announcement came in the dwindling days of the Obama administration, which revealed in November that the Army Corps of Engineers was considering an alternative route. The Corps of Engineers is part of the Department of the Army.   Donald J. Trump, however, has taken a different view of the project and said as recently as last week that he supported finishing the   pipeline, which crosses four states and is almost complete. Though the Army’s decision calls for an environmental study of alternative routes, the Trump administration could ultimately decide to allow the original, contested route. Representatives for Mr. Trump’s transition team did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Mr. Trump owns stock in the company building the pipeline, Energy Transfer Partners, but he has said that his support has nothing to do with his investment. There was no immediate response from Energy Transfer Partners, but its chief executive, Kelcy Warren, has said that the company was unwilling to reroute the pipeline, which is intended to transport as much as 550, 000 barrels of oil a day from the oil fields of western North Dakota to a terminal in Illinois. Reaction was swift on both sides, with environmental groups like Greenpeace praising the decision. “The water protectors have done it,” a Greenpeace spokeswoman, Lilian Molina, said. “This is a monumental victory in the fight to protect indigenous rights and sovereignty. ” But Craig Stevens, a spokesman for the MAIN Coalition, a   group, condemned the move as “a purely political decision that flies in the face of common sense and the rule of law. ” “Unfortunately, it’s not surprising that the president would, again, use executive fiat in an attempt to enhance his legacy among the extreme left,” Mr. Stevens said in a statement. “With   Trump set to take office in 47 days, we are hopeful that this is not the final word on the Dakota Access Pipeline. ” Representative Kevin Cramer, Republican of North Dakota and a Trump supporter, called Sunday’s decision a “chilling signal to others who want to build infrastructure in this country. ” “I can’t wait for the adults to be in charge on Jan. 20,” Mr. Cramer said, referring to Mr. Trump’s inauguration. Still, the announcement set off whoops of joy inside the Oceti Sakowin camp. Tribal members paraded through the camp on horseback, jubilantly beating drums and gathering around a fire at the center of the camp. Tribal elders celebrated what they said was the validation of months of prayer and protest. “It’s wonderful,” Dave Archambault II, the Standing Rock tribal chairman, told cheering supporters who stood in the melting snow on a mild North Dakota afternoon. “You all did that. Your presence has brought the attention of the world. ” The decision, he said, meant that people no longer had to stay at the camp during North Dakota’s brutal winter. The Corps of Engineers, which manages the land, had ordered it to be closed, but the thousands of protesters had built yurts, tepees and bunkhouses and vowed to hunker down. “It’s time now that we move forward,” Mr. Archambault said. “We don’t have to stand and endure this hard winter. We can spend the winter with our families. ” Law enforcement officials and   ranchers in this conservative, heavily white part of North Dakota would like little more than to see the thousands of protesters return home. The sheriff has called the demonstrations an unlawful protest, and officials have characterized the demonstrators as rioters who have intimidated ranchers and threatened and attacked law enforcement  —   charges that protest leaders deny. But on Sunday, several campers said they were not going anywhere. They said that there were too many uncertainties surrounding the Army’s decision, and that they had dedicated too much time and emotion to this fight to leave now. Federal and state regulators had issued the pipeline the necessary permits to proceed, but the Corps of Engineers had not yet granted it a final easement to drill under a stretch of the Missouri River called Lake Oahe. The Standing Rock Sioux had objected to the pipeline’s path so close to the source of their drinking water, and said any spill could poison water supplies for them and other reservations and cities downstream. They also said the pipeline’s route through what are now privately owned ranches bordering the river crossed through sacred ancestral lands. News of the government’s denial came after the size of the camp had swelled with hundreds, perhaps thousands, of Native and   veterans who had arrived to support the tribe. As word spread, people who had camped out here for months, sometimes in bitterly cold temperatures, and who had clashed violently with local law enforcement, linked arms and cheered and cried. They screamed, “Mni wiconi!”  —   the movement’s rallying cry  —   which means “Water is life. ” Jon Eagle Sr. a member of the Standing Rock Tribe, said the announcement was a vindication for the thousands who had traveled here, and for the multitudes who had rallied to the tribe’s fight on social media or donated. Millions of dollars in donations and goods have flowed into the camps for months as the tribe’s fight and the scenes of protesters being   and sprayed with freezing water  stirred outrage on social media. (Law enforcement officials have insisted the entire time that they have acted responsibly and with restraint.) “I don’t know quite how to put into words how proud I am of our people,” Mr. Eagle said. “And I mean our people. I don’t just mean the indigenous people of this continent. I mean all the people who came to stand with us. And it’s a beautiful day. It’s a powerful day. ” Ken Many Wounds, who has served as a tribal liaison to express concerns and questions to law enforcement, said he had been standing by the camp’s main fire  —   one that is tended constantly  —   when he heard the news from the tribal chairman’s wife. He said he did not believe it at first. “I hugged her, I cried,” he said. “Our prayers have been answered. A lot of people didn’t believe that prayer was going to be the answer. But our people stayed together. In our hearts, we knew. ”",0
11164,"Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump, New Delhi: Your Tuesday Briefing - The New York Times"," (Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good morning. We’re providing unlimited access to all New York Times digital platforms through Wednesday.  Here’s what you need to know: • It’s Election Day! Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump made their closing arguments in states that both view as   to be victorious today. Now it’s up to the voters. Despite the ugliness of the campaign, there are signs that Americans are expressing themselves at the ballot box in large numbers. Turnout in states that allow early voting was high, and many voters told The Times that they were eager for the election to end. Here’s what time polls close across the country (and when we might know who won). The first big wave is at 8 p. m. Eastern. And last, our 360 video series takes a peek inside a voting booth. • What to watch for today and tonight. Hispanic turnout is set to vastly exceed the turnout from four years ago, and early voting data indicates that Mrs. Clinton will benefit from the increase. But it’s too soon to know if it will be decisive for her, our writer observes. He says the surge could be enough to overcome Mr. Trump’s strength among white,   voters in Florida and Nevada. “If it does, it will almost certainly win her the election. ” We’ll be tracking the results live after the polls close. Here are two basic paths for what might happen. • Other   story lines. We look at how the F. B. I. in the span of a week, reviewed thousands of emails and again concluded that Mrs. Clinton should not face charges related to her handling of classified information. And how might the election affect stocks? Swings over the course of the campaign suggest that the markets prefer one candidate to the other, our analysis shows. The news media is under intense pressure to avoid any mistakes in projections tonight. “If you don’t get a good grade, 300 million people are going to know,” one executive said. • International roundup. Heavy smog continues to choke New Delhi, where emergency measures are in place to improve air quality. The damage from sustained exposure to high pollution is equivalent to smoking more than two packs of cigarettes a day, experts say. Hong Kong is bracing for more street protests and tough questions about the independence of its courts after China barred two   politicians from taking their seats in the territory’s legislature. And Australia won’t be legalizing   marriage anytime soon. Parliament rejected a bill calling for a nonbinding public vote on the issue, despite polls showing around 70 percent of Australians want marriage equality. • North Dakota oil pipeline. Environmental groups protesting the Dakota Access pipeline near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation are targeting a new group: banks that have helped finance the project. • Rolling Stone and one of its writers were ordered by a federal jury to pay $3 million in damages to a University of Virginia administrator over a discredited article about a supposed gang rape at the university. • China’s new cybersecurity law will give the authorities far greater control over the internet beginning next summer, raising concerns about freedom of speech and barriers to foreign business. • The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, The Guardian, Gannett publications and others have announced plans to reorganize, reduce staff, eliminate sections or all of the above. “It couldn’t be happening at a worse moment in American public life,” our media columnist writes, citing the threat of fake news proliferating on social media. • U. S. stocks surged on Monday. Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • Interview with a chess superstar. Sergey Karjakin of Russia became the world’s youngest chess grandmaster at age 12. Now 26, he is about to challenge the reigning world champion, who is 25, in New York. “I don’t play chess for fun, it’s my job,” Mr. Karjakin said. “And I happen to love my job very much. ” • New to read. Zadie Smith’s latest work, “Swing Time,” explores the effects of cultural heritage and politics on identity. Our critic described the book this way: “A novel that showcases its author’s formidable talents in only half its pages, while bogging down the rest of the time in formulaic and predictable storytelling. ” • Tick, tock. If you have a few moments, take our quiz on time. Do you know what the scientific definition of a second is? Hint: It isn’t the time it takes to say “one Mississippi. ” • Recipe of the day. If you’re looking for comfort food this election night, try this   lasagna. And since we’re on the subject of cheese, read about a New York City sandwich that has set off a discussion about the cultural appropriation of food. Britons have been saying a lot of goodbyes in the past few months. They voted to leave the European Union. The prime minister resigned. The leading figures of the   Brexit campaign left the government. And through all this, the news media outside Britain found one expression that worked in multiple languages: “English leave. ” It’s a play on “taking French leave,” which the British use to mean departing abruptly  —   supposedly a reference to the French manner of leaving a social function without saying goodbye. Such nationalist expressions abounded around the 19th century, when rival nations in a disunited Europe settled scores in wars, revolutions and slights. But the Germans also pick on the Poles for evaporating from parties, which the British call an “Irish goodbye. ” (The German weekly “Die Zeit” even graphed the zingers and  .) Of course, the slaps don’t end with departures. Germans can mention, though rarely, “English shopping”  —   that is, theft, as in the colonial past. And references to historic battles get drawn into the mix, too. So the French could say, depending on how Brexit works out, “c’est un vrai coup de Trafalgar,” a true Trafalgar blow, reminiscent of their decisive defeat by the English in 1805. Palko Karasz contributed reporting. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Accessing this version of the briefing should help. Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern and updated on the web all morning. What would you like to see here? Contact us at briefing@nytimes. com. You can sign up here to get the briefing delivered to your inbox.",0
11165,Investigation Clears U.S. Troops in Death of 33 Afghan Civilians,"On Thursday, the U. S. military published a report on the death of 33 Afghan civilians, and wounding of 27 others, during a joint U. S. and Afghan special forces raid against the Taliban in November. [“The investigation concluded that U. S. forces acted in   in accordance with the Law of Armed Conflict, and in accordance with all applicable regulations and policy,” the military said in a statement quoted by Reuters.  “It has been determined that no further action will be taken because U. S. forces acted in   and followed all applicable law and policy,” the statement said. The operation was intended to drive Taliban forces from the area around Kunduz, which they had overrun in October 2015, and partially occupied the year before that. Specifically, two senior Taliban commanders were targeted in village of   . (They were indeed killed during the raid, along with an estimated 26 Taliban fighters.) The Wall Street Journal reports U. S. and Afghan forces were “led into a trap by the Taliban and ambushed on a   street. ” The Taliban opened fire from within civilian structures, inflicting several casualties and forcing the American and Afghan troops to call for air support. Two U. S. soldiers were killed and four wounded during the battle, while the Afghans lost three commandos and had 11 wounded. According to the investigation, the responding aircraft appropriately used “the minimum amount of force required to neutralize the various threats from the civilian buildings. ” The report said no civilians were identified by U. S. special forces during the firefight, the dead and wounded civilians were effectively serving as human shields for the Taliban, and some of the casualties resulted from a Taliban ammo dump exploding. The Associated Press notes that after the battle was over, local residents “carried over a dozen corpses of the dead, including children and family members of the Taliban fighters, toward a local governor’s office in a show of rage. ” “Regardless of the circumstances, I deeply regret the loss of innocent lives. On this occasion the Taliban chose to hide amongst civilians and then attacked Afghan and U. S. forces,” said General John Nicholson, commander of U. S. forces in Afghanistan. “I wish to assure President Ghani and the people of Afghanistan that we will take all possible measures to protect Afghan civilians. We will continue to assist the Afghan security forces in their efforts to defend their country. ” The Associated Press notes that Afghan President Ashraf Ghani criticized the Taliban for using civilians as shields shortly after the raid in November. The Wall Street Journal offers some contextual information that doesn’t square easily with departing President Barack Obama’s   rhetoric about pulling U. S. troops out of Afghanistan: Civilian casualties in Afghanistan increased in 2016, with more than 5, 000 deaths recorded in the first half of the year, according to the United Nations. Data for the remainder of the year hasn’t been released. The U. S. Air Force dramatically increased the number of airstrikes it carried out in Afghanistan in 2016, data released by the military shows, a further sign of growing U. S. involvement in the country’s war following the withdrawal of most coalition troops two years ago. Just about every media report on the outcome of this military investigation mentions the controversial U. S. airstrike in the Kunduz region from October 2015, which killed 42 at a Doctors Without Borders hospital, and led to disciplinary actions against a   U. S. general and 15 other military personnel.",0
11166,11 Highlights of Susan Rice’s MSNBC Interview with Andrea Mitchell - Breitbart,"On Tuesday afternoon, President Barack Obama’s former National Security Advisor Susan Rice appeared on MSNBC with host Andrea Mitchell to answer questions about allegations that had emerged earlier in the week to suggest that she requested the “unmasking” of the names of Donald Trump’s campaign and transition teams in intelligence reports, which allegedly had nothing to do with national security, and that she had compiled spreadsheets of those names. [Here are the highlights of Mitchell’s interview with Rice, which took up the first   of Mitchell’s show.  Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
11167,Donald Trump: ‘Perhaps’ Both Angela Merkel and I Were Wiretapped by Obama Administration - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump reacted to questions about his claims that the Obama administration had “wiretapped” Trump Tower. [After a German reporter asked if Trump regretted his tweets, he replied, “Very seldom. ”  “As far as wiretapping, I guess, by this past administration, at least we have something in common, perhaps,” Trump said as some of the media and the president’s staff laughed. Merkel looked at the president and then shuffled her note cards while looking at her podium. Merkel’s reaction when Trump suggested they were both victims of Obama wiretapping  &gt pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) March 17, 2017,  Trump was referring to the reports that President Obama allowed tapping of Merkel’s phone in 2010, as part of an ongoing NSA surveillance operation.  Arrival of Vice President Mike Pence and White House senior staff, A post shared by Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) on Mar 17, 2017 at 12:30pm PDT, ",0
11168,Ingraham: The ’Trump-iest’ Parts of Obamacare Reform Are Missing from New Health Care Bill - Breitbart,".@IngrahamAngle: The ’ ’ parts of Obamacare reform are not in this new bill from the House GOP pic. twitter.  During Tuesday’s “Fox  Friends,” conservative talker Laura Ingraham discussed President Donald Trump’s proposed Obamacare reform, saying the new bill is missing the elements that Trump said it would have.  “The   of the health care reform, the   parts of it were transparency and pricing, competition across state lines, and even on the edges, repealing the McCarran —  Ferguson Act   …     where is that?” Ingraham said. “I don’t see any transparency and control of skyrocketing prices of health care. I certainly don’t see competition across state lines. And the drug companies, no provisions about that as far as I can see. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
11169,Woman 'eaten alive' by daughter's dogs,"Woman 'eaten alive' by daughter's dogs 2 German shepherds reportedly responsible for mauling death Published: 1 min ago 
(FOX5NY) — NEW YORK (INSIDE EDITION) – A 68-year-old woman was found dead in the basement of her New York home by her devastated daughter, who told authorities her dogs may have eaten her mother, a police source told Inside Edition. 
Officers responding to a 911 call for an unconscious and unresponsive woman found the body of Daisie Bradshaw in her Staten Island home at about 9:40 a.m. Tuesday, the NYPD said. 
The victim, who was found beaten and bruised, was pronounced dead at the scene, officials said.",0
11170,"A Single Migration From Africa Populated the World, Studies Find - The New York Times","Modern humans evolved in Africa roughly 200, 000 years ago. But how did our species go on to populate the rest of the globe? The question, one of the biggest in studies of human evolution, has intrigued scientists for decades. In a series of extraordinary genetic analyses published on Wednesday, researchers believe they have found an answer. In the journal Nature, three separate teams of geneticists survey DNA collected from cultures around the globe, many for the first time, and conclude that all   today trace their ancestry to a single population emerging from Africa between 50, 000 and 80, 000 years ago. “I think all three studies are basically saying the same thing,” said Joshua M. Akey of the University of Washington, who wrote a commentary accompanying the new work. “We know there were multiple dispersals out of Africa, but we can trace our ancestry back to a single one. ” The three teams sequenced the genomes of 787 people, obtaining highly detailed scans of each. The genomes were drawn from people in hundreds of indigenous populations: Basques, African pygmies, Mayans, Bedouins, Sherpas and Cree Indians, to name just a few. The DNA of indigenous populations is essential to understanding human history, many geneticists believe. Yet until now scientists have sequenced entire genomes from very few people outside population centers like Europe and China. The new data already are altering scientific understanding of what human DNA looks like, experts said, adding rich variations to our map of the genome. Each team of researchers tackled different questions about our origins, such as how people spread across Africa and how others populated Australia. But all aimed to settle the controversial question of human expansion from Africa. In the 1980s, a group of paleoanthropologists and geneticists began championing a hypothesis that modern humans emerged only once from Africa, roughly 50, 000 years ago. Skeletons and tools discovered at archaeological sites clearly indicated that modern humans lived after that time in Europe, Asia and Australia. Early studies of bits of DNA also supported this idea. All   are closely related to one another, geneticists found, and they all branch from a family tree rooted in Africa. Yet there are also clues that at least some modern humans may have departed Africa well before 50, 000 years ago, perhaps part of an earlier wave of migration. In Israel, for example, researchers found a few distinctively modern human skeletons that are between 120, 000 and 90, 000 years old. In Saudi Arabia and India, sophisticated tools date back as far as 100, 000 years. Last October, Chinese scientists reported finding teeth belonging to Homo sapiens that are at least 80, 000 years old and perhaps as old as 120, 000 years. In 2011, Eske Willerslev, a renowned geneticist at the University of Copenhagen, and his colleagues came across some puzzling clues to the expansion out of Africa by sequencing the genome of an Aboriginal Australian for the first time. Dr. Willerslev and his colleagues reconstructed the genome from a   lock of hair kept in a museum. The DNA held a number of peculiar variants not found in Europeans or Asians, raising knotty questions about the origins of the people who first came to Australia and when they arrived. Intrigued, Dr. Willerslev decided to contact living Aboriginals to see if they would participate in a new genetic study. He joined David W. Lambert, a geneticist at Griffith University in Australia, who was already meeting with Aboriginal communities about participating in this kind of research. In collaboration with scientists at the University of Oxford, the researchers also obtained DNA from people in Papua New Guinea. All told, the team was able to sequence 83 genomes from Aboriginal Australians and 25 from people in Papua New Guinea, all with far greater accuracy than in Dr. Willerslev’s 2011 study. Meanwhile, Mait Metspalu of the Estonian Biocentre was leading a team of 98 scientists on another   project. They picked out 148 populations to sample, mostly in Europe and Asia, with a few genomes from Africa and Australia. They, too, sequenced 483 genomes at high resolution. David Reich, a geneticist at Harvard Medical School, and his colleagues assembled a third database of genomes from all six inhabited continents. The Simons Genome Diversity Project, sponsored by the Simons Foundation and the National Science Foundation, contains 300   genomes from 142 populations. Examining their data separately, all three groups came to the same conclusion: All   descend from a single migration of early humans from Africa. The estimates from the studies point to an exodus somewhere between 80, 000 and 50, 000 years. Despite earlier research, the teams led by Dr. Willerslev and Dr. Reich found no genetic evidence that there was an earlier migration giving rise to people in Australia and Papua New Guinea. “The vast majority of their ancestry  —   if not all of it  —   is coming from the same    wave as Europeans and Asians,” said Dr. Willerslev. But on that question, Dr. Metspalu and his colleagues ended up with a somewhat different result. In Papua New Guinea, Dr. Metspalu and his colleagues found, 98 percent of each person’s DNA can be traced to that single migration from Africa. But the other 2 percent seemed to be much older. Dr. Metspalu concluded that all people in Papua New Guinea carry a trace of DNA from an earlier wave of Africans who left the continent as long as 140, 000 years ago, and then vanished. If they did exist, these early human pioneers were able to survive for tens of thousands of years, said Luca Pagani, a   of Dr. Metspalu at the University of Cambridge and the Estonian Biocentre. But when the last wave came out of Africa, descendants of the first wave disappeared. “They may have not been technologically advanced, living in small groups,” Dr. Pagani said. “Maybe it was easy for a major later wave that was more successful to wipe them out. ” The new research also suggests that the splintering of the human tree began earlier than experts had suspected. Dr. Reich and his colleagues probed their data for the oldest evidence of human groups genetically separating from one another. They found that the ancestors of the KhoiSan,   living today in southern Africa, began to split off from other living humans about 200, 000 years ago and were fully isolated by 100, 000 years ago. That finding hints that our ancestors already had evolved behaviors seen in living humans, such as language, 200, 000 years ago. Why leave Africa at all? Scientists have found some clues to that mystery, too. In a fourth paper in Nature, researchers described a computer model of Earth’s recent climatic and ecological history. It shows that changing rainfall patterns periodically opened up corridors from Africa into Eurasia that humans may have followed in search of food.",0
11171,4 Unanswered Questions Surrounding Murdered DNC Staffer Seth Rich - Breitbart,"Reports that Democratic National Committee (DNC) staffer Seth Rich was a source for WikiLeaks before his murder leaves us with even more unanswered questions surrounding the case. [1. If Rich was murdered in a robbery gone wrong, why was his wallet, watch, and phone left behind?  Following Rich’s July 2016 death in the Bloomingdale neighborhood of Washington D. C. police officers claimed that it was likely the DNC staffer was shot during a robbery gone wrong. This doesn’t explain, however, why Rich was found to still be in possession of all of his personal items, including wallet, watch, and mobile phone, which are often the primary targets during a street robbery. “There had been a struggle. His hands were bruised, his knees are bruised, his face is bruised, and yet he had two shots to his back, and yet they never took anything,” said Rich’s girlfriend to NBC News. “They didn’t finish robbing him, they just took his life. ” 2. Why haven’t the DNC offered a reward for information related to his murder? Numerous groups, organizations, and individuals offered a reward for information related to Rich’s murder, including WikiLeaks, GOP lobbyist Jack Burkman, crowdfunding bounty site WeSearchr, and author Mike Cernovich. The DNC and other Democratic Party organizations, however, have not. Rich’s death was memorialized by the DNC with a bike rack and plaque. 3. Why are the   and mainstream media ignoring the case? The murder of Seth Rich has been a hot topic among conservative, libertarian, and alternative news outlets since the incident took place last year, however the   and mainstream media has largely ignored the case, only mentioning the staffer’s name during conspiracy articles about Russian hacking. A quick Google search of “Seth Rich” will return dozens of news articles on the subject from sources such as Fox News, The Washington Examiner, and Heat Street, but few from outlets such as CNN or MSNBC. The Washington Post did publish a story related to Rich Wednesday afternoon but focused on Rich’s parents’ claim that reports of him contacting WikiLeaks were without evidence. Those articles which do appear on   sites all feature headlines which immediately brand questions surrounding his death as “conspiracy theories” and seek to deter investigations. The Washington Post published an article in August 2016 titled “Trump allies, WikiLeaks and Russia are pushing a nonsensical conspiracy theory about the DNC hacks,” while The Huffington Post‘s coverage of Rich’s murder last year consisted of stories such as “Donald Trump Has A History Of Linking His Political Opponents To People’s Deaths,” and “Conspiracy Theorists Won’t Stop Accusing The Clintons Of Murder. ” CNN published one single story on Seth Rich’s death last year —   a straight news article on the murder with a quote from former DNC Chairman Debbie Wasserman Schultz. The majority of   sites have also completely ignored the recent reports that Rich was the source of “thousands of internal emails” leaked to WikiLeaks before his death, despite the fact that they worked consistently to refute these claims beforehand. 4. Will the Democrats still push that Russia hacked the DNC? Despite the increasing amount of evidence proving the opposite, a frequent   talking point is to claim that it was “Russia who hacked the DNC” and leaked information to WikiLeaks. This argument, however, ignores the fact that WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange stated on numerous occasions that Russia was not a source of the leaks, implying instead that it was Rich. DNC hacker Guccifer 2. 0 also allegedly claimed in messages to an actress that Rich was one of his whistleblowers, while a private detective claimed this week that Rich was in contact with WikiLeaks before his death. Most of the claims that Russia “hacked the election” are based on reports from CrowdStrike, a cybersecurity firm which has been reported to have ties with Google and the Obama administration, while the FBI did not examine the DNC’s server themselves. CrowdStrike’s report was heavily refuted by DNC hacker Guccifer 2. 0 in a report of his own. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
11172,BBC Claims ‘Great Meme War’ Could Swing French Election for Le Pen,"The BBC has run a series of online and radio segments claiming the “great meme war has travelled to France” implying Internet jokes could swing the French election for the Front National as the broadcaster alleges they did for Trump and Brexit in the UK and U. S.[“A group of anonymous keyboard warriors who claim they helped Donald Trump win his presidency have moved their fight to Europe and are trying to help elect a   leader for France,” the radio programme’s description reads.  “In 2016 politically and racially charged memes and symbols started spreading from U. S. and UK accounts,” opens the accompanying video on BBC Trending’s Facebook page. “Far right activists claim the results of the U. S. presidential elections demonstrated their influence,” the film says. Front National denies any role in ‘Great Meme War’ A glass of half full milk is code for white supremacy  …     and other shocking racially charged memes, Posted by BBC Trending on Monday, 10 April 2017, The BBC presenter says meme “activities” miraculously “stopped” in November 2016, after the election of President Donald J. Trump, with the “same accounts” becoming active again in January 2017, “this time targeting France”. According to the BBC, the “operation” has generated 50, 000 tweets so far, with right wing activists organising in online gaming chat rooms “like their U. S. counterparts”. The prospect that memes are merely the result of unorganised and unlinked individuals amusing themselves online is not seriously considered. “The ‘Great Meme War’ symbols and memes have travelled to France. But their influence cannot yet be quantified,” concludes the film. The BBC does little to explain how such memes could influence elections, other than implying right wing politicians use them to “connect” with young voters. The example of Florian Philippot is given, a   of the Front National and advisor to Marine Le Pen, who used a meme on his YouTube channel. He flashed the ‘Risitas’ or ‘Spanish laughing guy’ meme at the end of a video, which has been used by both left and right wing activists. Mr. Philippot’s spokesman responded to the BBC’s insinuation that using the meme might be racist. “El Risitas is not a symbol with a racist connotation that echoes the ideology of the far right. It is just funny,” he said.",0
11173,Assange claims ‘crazed’ Clinton campaign tried to hack WikiLeaks,"Assange claims ‘crazed’ Clinton campaign tried to hack WikiLeaks The whistleblowing website has been releasing emails from Clinton’s campaign chair RT - October 27, 2016 Comments 
Julian Assange has claimed the Hillary Clinton campaign has attacked the servers being used by WikiLeaks. 
Despite the Ecuadorian embassy shutting down his internet until the US election is over, the website will continue publishing, according to Assange. 
“Everyday that you publish is a day that you have the initiative in the conflict,” Assange said via telephone at a conference in Argentina on Wednesday. 
The whistleblowing website has been releasing emails from Clinton’s campaign chair, John Podesta, on a daily basis since early October. 
Assange claimed the release “whipped up a crazed hornet’s nest atmosphere in the Hillary Clinton campaign” leading them to attack WikiLeaks. 
“ They attacked our servers and attempted hacking attacks and there is an amazing ongoing campaign where state documents were put in the UN and British courts to accuse me of being both a Russian spy and a pedophile,” he added. 
Ecuador’s decision to shut down his internet was described by Assange as a “strategic position” so that its “policy of non-intervention can’t be misinterpreted by actors in the US and even domestically in Ecuador.” 
He said he was sympathetic with Ecuador, insisting they face the dilemma of having the US interfere with their elections next year if they appear to interfere with the US elections next month. 
Assange, who claimed the embassy will be without internet until the election is over to avoid accusations of interference, said he did not agree with Ecuador’s decision but did understand it. WikiLeaks will not be affected by the decision as they do not publish from Ecuador, he said. 
He did, however, reject the idea that WikiLeaks is interfering with the US election, claiming, “this is not the interference of electoral process, this is the definition of electoral process – for media organizations and, in fact, everyone to publish the truth and their opinion about what is occurring. It cannot be a free and informed election unless people are free to inform.” 
He also attacked US TV networks, many of whom he accused of being “controlled by Clinton supporters.” 
The Podesta emails will make no difference to the election result, according to Assange. “I don’t think there’s any chance of Donald Trump winning the election, even with the amazing material we are publishing, because most of the media organizations are strongly aligned with Hillary Clinton,” he said. 
Assange said journalists and people who work in the media are predominantly middle class and view Trump as representing “what in their mind is white trash.” NEWSLETTER SIGN UP Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars Crew. Related Articles",0
11174,5 Key Takeaways From President Trump’s Speech - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   In President Trump’s world, boring is disruptive. After   weeks of gleefully setting the Washington establishment ablaze and declaring a new war with virtually every public utterance, Mr. Trump took the radical step on Tuesday night of delivering a soothing comfort food of an address to a jittery Congress and skeptical public. For the first time since his   in January, Mr. Trump seemed to accept the fetters of formality and tradition that define and dignify the presidency. And while he touched on all of the   elements of the economic nationalist agenda that has impelled his executive orders and calls for “revolution,” Mr. Trump brandished a blunter rhetorical ax and, for once, delivered on his promise to speak the Reagan Republican dialect of optimism and reconciliation. Why the sudden shift? Numbers. Mr. Trump’s approval rating is the worst for any new president in recorded history  —   between 38 and 50 percent at a time when many presidents are in the 60s. Slamming the news media or   demonstrators energizes his base, but it’s hard to move much higher in the polls without making a less partisan pitch. The other key statistic spurring his    adjustment: $54 billion, the amount of federal funding he hopes to siphon from other departments to increase spending at the Pentagon  —   a budget proposal that is already   on arrival, judging from its lukewarm reception on Capitol Hill this week. Presidents, even those commanding comfortable majorities in both houses, need to get Congress in line, and the only way to do that is to declare peace. Here are five takeaways from the most presidential speech Mr. Trump has ever given  —   delivered at precisely the moment he needed to project sobriety, seriousness of purpose and  . The   between Tuesday’s temperate Mr. Trump and the everyday Mr. Trump was striking, to put it mildly. “The time for trivial fights is over,” said Mr. Trump, a man who spent the first 48 hours of his presidency bickering about the size of the inauguration crowd. While that statement was meant as a challenge to his establishment critics, it also seemed as if he were coaching himself. All of the previous   speeches delivered by Mr. Trump, from his nomination address in Cleveland last summer to his   inaugural speech, had a gloomy,    quality. His aides promised a Ronald   invocation of America’s future in the days leading up to his  . What he delivered, thanks to his speechwriting team of Stephen Miller and Stephen K. Bannon, was an invocation of “American carnage. ” Since his   Mr. Trump roved the airwaves and Twitter, lashing out at anyone who opposed him, and many people who didn’t. In just the past couple of weeks, the president has reiterated his description of some news outlets as “enemies of the American people,” while taking his shots at Paris, Sweden, Hill Democrats, the F. B. I. government leakers, President Barack Obama and his own communications staff, among other targets. But on Tuesday, the president rolled the dice, and went for nice. In style, if not substance, Mr. Trump delivered an address that nearly any of his Republican primary opponents  —   whom he once savaged as establishment stooges  —   might have delivered had they been standing at the rostrum. “That torch is now in our hands,” Mr. Trump said within the first few minutes of his speech, echoing, if not entirely approaching, the wispy mountaintop oratory of more polished predecessors like Mr. Obama and Mr. Reagan. “And we will use it to light up the world. I am here tonight to deliver a message of unity and strength, and it is a message deeply delivered from my heart. ” Mr. Trump has made immense progress sticking to a script, but Wednesday is a new day, and the presidential Twitter finger gets itchy in the middle of the week. The big question is whether his unifying tone represents the mythical,   pivot point  —   or was just part of a   speech efficiently delivered by a gifted politician learning his new trade. Mr. Trump has been criticized for his sluggish response to violence and vandalism against Jews, blacks and Muslims during his presidency. But the opening words of his speech were dedicated to tolerance and inclusion. “Recent threats targeting Jewish community centers and vandalism of Jewish cemeteries, as well as last week’s shooting in Kansas City,” he said, “remind us that while we may be a nation divided on policies, we are a country that stands united in condemning hate and evil in all of its very ugly forms. ” Again, it’s hard to say if his statement reflected a genuine change of approach. Mr. Trump and some allies have suggested that recent   episodes might be   attempts by his opponents to embarrass him. But his words were welcomed in the House chamber, greeted by some of the most sustained applause of the evening. The polls have not been especially kind to Mr. Trump lately, but there is one distinct bright spot: 56 percent of voters in a   Consult poll released on Tuesday said that Mr. Trump was following through on his campaign promises. This is no small matter for a president eager to prove he’s no mere talker. For all its messaging, personnel and operational struggles, Mr. Trump’s team has relentlessly executed a branding strategy aimed at projecting the image of a man of action fighting against gridlocked and corrupt Washington elites. Every day, Mr. Trump appears before the cameras where he is shown doing stuff like signing executive orders or convening panels of business, labor or political leaders. “It’s been a little over a month since my inauguration, and I want to take this moment to update the nation on the progress I’ve made in keeping those promises,” he said, taking an extended bow for saving jobs at several factories across the country, renegotiating defense contracts, scrapping the   Partnership, greenlighting two new fuel pipelines and cracking down on illegal immigration and criminal foreigners. Never mind that Mr. Obama, the man Mr. Trump says left him “a mess” to clean up, had accomplished much more at this point in his term  —   including the stimulus package and a gender   law. For all his newfound civility and message discipline, Mr. Trump cares most about this takeaway  —   proving he is an effective president at a time when his administration is being portrayed in the media as   adrift and  . The president’s speech had admirable length (it clocked in at just over 60 minutes) the requisite number of ovations, about 90, and a succession of punchy pronouncements. What it didn’t have was very much of an explanation on how Mr. Trump plans to govern. There were hardly any details about his proposals on the   items that will most likely define his first term. That included his Obamacare    pledge, his plan to overhaul the tax code, the big infrastructure package he’s vowed to ram through, or even his plan to shovel $54 billion into the Defense Department. Cracking down on illegal immigration is the central pillar of Mr. Trump’s   popularity with white   voters, so much so that it was the subject of his most decisive action thus far as president: the bungled rollout of his executive order barring migrants from seven predominantly Muslim nations. But Mr. Trump and his team sent out some seriously mixed messages in the hours leading up to the address. “We will soon begin the construction of a great, great wall along our southern border,” Mr. Trump declared, to the delight of many Republicans in the hall, who gave him a hearty standing ovation. But earlier, in a   with some of the country’s leading news anchors, the president seemed to soften his stance considerably, as he has done previously in private, suggesting that legal status be granted to millions of undocumented immigrants who have not committed serious crimes. Immigration   led by his attorney general, Jeff Sessions, have long considered such a stance “amnesty. ” Mr. Trump never brought up the topic again  —   and didn’t touch on his prior reference to legalizing undocumented immigrants  —   raising questions about what position he’ll stake out in negotiations with Congress.",0
11175,"Maoists for Trump? In China, Fans Admire His Nationalist Views - The New York Times","BEIJING  —   They protest, picket and sing to defend Mao’s memory, yearning for the East to be red again. But lately some of China’s Maoists are finding inspiration in an unlikely insurgent in the West: Donald J. Trump. Mr. Trump “has torn up the old rules of the ruling elites, not just of the capitalist West,” said Zhang Hongliang, a polemicist who is the loudest proponent of what could be loosely called “Maoists for Trump. ” In a recent essay, Mr. Zhang lauded the American president as being alone among national leaders daring “to openly promote the political ideas of Chairman Mao. ” President Xi Jinping of China will be sizing up Mr. Trump during a visit to his    estate in Florida this week, in the leaders’ first summit meeting. Meanwhile, many ordinary Chinese people have also been taking the measure of the new American president and have been bewildered, incensed and yet, sometimes, inspired. The global wave of nationalist,   sentiment that Mr. Trump rode to power has washed ashore in China, encouraging a   fringe that is hostile to capitalism and Western influence, and that the Communist Party has long sought to cultivate  —   and contain. China’s Maoists are a small minority most Chinese have no desire to revive the ruthless, convulsive politics of the Mao era. But the Maoists’ growing assertiveness, echoed in their embrace of aspects of Mr. Trump’s agenda, could help push the country in a more authoritarian direction. They also complicate the efforts of  Mr. Xi to play both sides of an ideological divide: as a robust defender of Mao’s legacy, but also a proponent of market liberalization and even a champion of globalization in the Trump age. It is a paradox that these admirers of Mao Zedong, a Marxist revolutionary who railed against Western imperialism, have found things to like about this American president, a property tycoon with a cabinet crowded with millionaires. But they want Mr. Xi to take a page from Mr. Trump’s “America First” script and protect Chinese workers from layoffs, privatization and foreign competition. “Trump opposes globalization, and so should China,” said one article on Utopia, a popular Maoist website. “Trump’s ideology has oriented toward China, and he is learning from China,” said another   Chinese site. China’s   as they are sometimes called, are loosely united by demands for stringent economic equality, zealous nationalism and a loathing of the capitalist West and liberal democracy. “Many of the same ideas now animating the global populist movement have been the hallmarks of the   movement for over a decade,” said Jude Blanchette, a researcher in Beijing who is writing a book about the movement. “The   have also clearly benefited from the rise of Xi Jinping, as he has blasted a pretty large dog whistle in their direction,” Mr. Blanchette added. Many on China’s far left see Mr. Trump as a dangerous foe who has questioned established American policy on Taiwan, vowed to confront China’s hold on the disputed South China Sea and threatened to cut Chinese exports to America. But some Maoists say Mr. Trump also offers a model. They think he led a populist revolt that humbled a corrupt political establishment not unlike what they see in China. They cheer his incendiary tactics, sometimes likening them to Mao’s methods. And they hear in his remarks an echo of their own disgust with Western democracy, American interventionism and liberal political values. Maoist meetings and websites dwell on a clutch of enemies, including the C. I. A. and America in general, genetically modified crops and advocates of privatizing state companies. But they reserve a particular venom for liberal Chinese intellectuals and celebrities who have condemned Mao. In the West, Mr. Zhang argued, the nationalists are on the right while the left generally supports internationalism. “But China is the opposite,” he said. “Chinese rightists are the traitors, while Chinese leftists are the patriots. ” The Communist Party never repudiated Mao’s legacy after his death in 1976, but it condemned his excesses, including the violent Cultural Revolution, and for years he was ignored or discredited while Deng Xiaoping pursued economic liberalization. In the 1990s, though, the party refurbished Mao’s image and fostered a popular revival to bolster its authority and blunt calls for political liberalization. Officials started using Maoists to intimidate liberal academics, dissidents and other critics. Before Mr. Xi came to power in 2012, a political rival, Bo Xilai, openly encouraged “red” nostalgia for the Mao era as part of an effort to build a populist power base. Mr. Bo was purged in a scandal, but the Maoists regrouped as Mr. Xi associated himself more closely with Mao’s legacy than his predecessors and called for a return to Marxist purity. Under Mr. Xi, Maoists have become bolder in taking to the streets and organizing online campaigns. A court ruling last year and legislation adopted last month protecting Communist heroes buoyed them further. Nobody expects Maoists to seize power in Beijing. They are disdained by the middle class and kept on a tether by the party authorities. Across China, there are maybe a few thousand active supporters of Maoist groups and causes, and their petitions against liberal intellectuals have gathered tens of thousands of signatures online, according to Mr. Blanchette, the researcher. But the Chinese left’s broader message of muscular nationalism and its criticism of widening inequality have reverberated, especially among retirees,   workers and former party officials dismayed by extravagant wealth and corruption. Mr. Trump and the global surge of nationalism and populism have added to the political tinder. Dai Jianzhong, a sociologist in Beijing, said Maoists could gain a bigger following if an economic slowdown caused mass layoffs, or if tensions with the United States escalated into confrontation. “It was a big shock for China to see American   society overwhelmed by this tide of populism,” Mr. Dai said. “China is a different society, but if the economy stagnates and workers feel badly let down, populism will gain influence. The influence of Maoists and ultraleftists would spread. ” In January, about a hundred protesters gathered in Jinan, a provincial capital in eastern China, to condemn a professor of communications and advertising, Deng Xiangchao, who had dared criticize Mao online. They chanted and held banners near Mr. Deng’s home, reviling him as a “traitor” and “enemy of the people,” and roughed up a few people who came to show their support for him. “We love Chairman Mao because we’re poor, and the poor all love Chairman Mao,” Yang Jianguo, a retired worker who was among the protesters, said by telephone after the protest. The university swiftly dismissed Mr. Deng rather than engage in a prolonged battle with the Maoists. Later,   activists also successfully demanded the dismissal of a television station worker who had voiced support for Mr. Deng. It would be unthinkable for the party to be so obliging of protesters for free speech or other causes the party considers anathema. But while Mr. Xi has silenced the party’s liberal critics, the party has tolerated, even abetted, its   opponents, giving the Maoist populists room to grow stronger. “Their influence has clearly grown with the leftist turn in ideology, especially since 2015,” said Deng Yuwen, a current affairs writer in Beijing who has criticized the Maoists. “It’s not that the top level of the party directly controls them, but the Maoists are politically astute, and they have a good sense of what they can get away with,” he added. “They know the officials use them, but they also use the officials. ” While party leaders may find them useful for intimidating critics, the Maoists want to take China in a different direction and reverse market policies that have fueled decades of growth, by seizing the assets of the rich and strengthening state ownership of industry, for example. Most phrase their criticism of the party carefully, but some openly accuse it of betraying Mao. “China is a capitalist state under socialist guise,” said Mr. Yang, the retired worker. “Capitalists dominate the country. ” Asked about the American president, Mr. Yang was more generous: “Trump has socialist tendencies, because the way he won power in a way reflected the workers’ demands. ” Many Maoists see Mr. Xi as a fellow traveler who is taking China in the right direction by restoring respect for Mao and Marx. But others say privately that even Mr. Xi may not be a dependable ally. They point out that he has promoted himself abroad as a proponent of expanding global trade and a friend of multinational corporations, drawing an implicit contrast with Mr. Trump. He Weifang, a law professor at Peking University who is often reviled by China’s far left, said Mr. Xi was playing a dangerous game by allowing Maoist populists to silence liberal voices and risked igniting political fires that he cannot easily control. “If political currents in China increasingly converge with populism,” Mr. He added, “that would have a powerful effect on China’s future. ”",0
11176,"If anyone doubts Bernie Sanders would've crushed Trump, show them this","Zach Cartwright | November 10, 2016 
According to the data, Donald Trump would have been soundly defeated by Bernie Sanders last night had the Vermont senator been the one to face him. 
When examining the 13 states Hillary Clinton lost twice — the states Trump won side-by-side with the states Bernie Sanders won during the Democratic primary — the similarities are striking. The GOP nominee likely saw this, and tweeted in May that he was relieved to not have to face Sanders in the general election: I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie! 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 4, 2016 
In five states Sanders won where exit polling data is available — Indiana, Michigan, Oklahoma, West Virginia, and Wisconsin — the demographics that helped Trump hit 270 electoral college votes were also Sen. Sanders’ key demographics that helped him defeat the former Secretary of State in multiple primaries in different regions of the country. 
The numbers suggest that there may have been enough Sanders votes in those pivotal states to have swung the election in Sanders’ favor if superdelegates and restrictive closed primaries weren’t part of the Democratic primary process. Popular blog All That Is Interesting created an electoral map assuming that Sanders won white, rural rust belt voters in the traditionally blue states that Hillary Clinton lost on Tuesday night in a hypothetical Trump/Sanders general election matchup, giving Sanders with a 303-235 advantage . 
Determining whether or not Sanders would have won the states Clinton lost is easy when looking at exit poll data taken during the Democratic primary. Here’s a state-by-state breakdown: Indiana 
Bernie Sanders beat Hillary Clinton by 5 points in Indiana’s May 3 primary. Tuesday night, Trump beat Clinton in the Hoosier State by 20 points . While Indiana went to Mitt Romney in 2012, it’s worth remembering that Barack Obama won the state in 2008, meaning it isn’t a solidly red state. 
What contributed most to Sanders’ primary win in Indiana was his dominance with white voters (57 percent support) and men (59 percent support), who collectively made up 72 percent and 42 percent of voters, respectively, according to NBC News . Sanders also excelled among poor and lower-middle class voters, winning the majority of voters who made less than $30,000 in 2015, and between $30,000 and $50,000. Sen. Sanders won the support of a whopping 72 percent of independents, 54 percent of voters who said free trade had a negative effect on jobs, and 60 percent of voters who said they were “very worried” about the future of the U.S. economy. 
Comparatively, Donald Trump won 53 percent of white voters in the Hoosier State’s Republican primary, and 59 percent of men — roughly the same percentages Sanders won for those same demographics. Trump also won 54 percent of voters who made between $30,000 and $50,000 in 2015, and 53 percent of voters who were “very worried” about the future of the economy. Michigan 
The March 8 Michigan primary was perhaps Bernie Sanders’ most important victory, as pollsters widely and wrongly predicted a considerable victory for Hillary Clinton due to her strength with black voters in cities like Detroit and Flint. Sanders’ 50-48 win was largely due to his strength with rural, white voters disenfranchised by free trade deals backed by the Clintons, like NAFTA. 
Much like Indiana, Sanders prevailed with the help of 55 percent of male voters and 56 percent of white voters . 54 percent of voters who made less than $50,000 in 2015 supported Sanders, as well as 71 percent of voters identifying as independent. NAFTA hate brought Sen. Sanders over the finish line, as 56 percent of voters who said free trade was bad for job growth in Michigan picked Sanders. The Vermont senator did very well with voters who said they wanted an outsider in office, winning 84 percent of that demographic . Sanders’ strength wasn’t in inner cities, but in suburbs and rural areas, capturing 50 percent and 57 percent of voters, respectively. 
Donald Trump beat all four of his competitors in the Michigan primary along the same demographic lines. Trump won 53 percent of men and 38 percent of white voters ( 13 points better than his closest competitor, Ted Cruz). Among the $30,000 to $50,000 income demographic, Trump demolished Cruz by 21 points. Trump also won 45 percent of voters who said free trade took away American jobs, which was 23 points higher than Cruz. West Virginia 
Voters in West Virginia largely live in rural areas, work blue-collar jobs, and are some of the poorest in the country. It’s no surprise Sanders won by 15 points in the May 10 primary, and that Trump beat Ted Cruz by 68 points. Because Democrats are well-represented in the West Virginia legislature, and because West Virginians just elected a Democrat for governor while simultaneously rejecting Hillary Clinton, it’s very possible Sanders would have won the state had he been the Democratic nominee. 
As was the pattern during the Democratic primary, Sanders won with white voters and men , capturing 52 percent and 53 percent of those demographics, respectively. Sen. Sanders crushed Hillary Clinton by 32 points in the $30,000 to $50,000 income demographic, and also beat the former Secretary of State by 19 points among voters who made less than $30,000 last year. Trump obliterated the competition in those same gender, race, and income demographics. Wisconsin 
Clinton’s loss to Trump in the Badger State was perhaps the most significant of the night, as Wisconsin hasn’t voted for a Republican for president in more than 30 years . Wisconsin was also a state where Sanders notched a crushing victory over Clinton, winning by a 57-43 margin . 
Bernie Sanders won nearly two-thirds of male voters, and 59 percent of whites, who made up 83 percent of the electorate in the state’s April 5 primary. Sen. Sanders defeated Clinton in all of the income demographics, but did particularly well among middle class voters, capturing 54 percent of the $30,000 to $50,000 demographic, along with 61 percent of the state’s $50,000 to $99,000 demographic, who made up the largest percentage of primary voters. Among voters against free trade policies, Sanders won by a 60-39 margin . 
Wisconsin exit pollsters also asked voters about their opinions on foreign policy. While Trump made a reputation for himself as anti-interventionist, Sanders also appealed to Wisconsin voters opposed to foreign intervention. An astounding 74 percent of Sanders backers in the primary said the United States should take a “less active role” in foreign policy, who collectively made up 35 percent of the electorate. 
While we can’t unfortunately travel back in time and give Bernie Sanders the nomination, one thing to take away from this data is that the tide is shifting in America toward a new form of politics that eschews global capitalism and yearns for economic populism. Whoever challenges Donald Trump in 2020 should pay close attention to these numbers. 

Zach Cartwright is an activist and author from Richmond, Virginia. He enjoys writing about politics, government, and the media. Send him an email at [email protected] ",0
11177,King Rufus Found Buried Under Parking Lot Near Beaulieu Motor Museum,"Saturday, 29 October 2016 Another clue was an arrow in the lung area. 
King William II Rufus was the son of William the Conqueror and King of England from 1087 to 1100. Described as uncouth, barbaric, lacking both morals and ethics, addicted to vice, and definitely not the most popular king, he was killed by an arrow to the lungs-probably shot by one of his own men. 
Although his body was left where it lay when he was shot in the New Forest, it was said it was later removed to Winchester Cathedral. From there, the bones were scattered around during the English Civil War and later put in a giant mortuary chest along with Kings Egbert, Ethelwulfe, and others. 
But the body of King William II Rufus was actually identified at the Motor City Museum, which is near the New Forest area where King Rufus was shot. Apparently, the king was so popular that they just dug a shallow grave in the New Forest area and tossed him in. 
The grave was discovered when the museum was breaking ground in its parking lot for a new area to display its 1895 Knight auto. The workers came upon some bones (apparently the citizens who buried King Rufus didn't bother with a coffin) and sent them to the British Museum for identification. 
Since the royal Norman DNA was on file, it was determined to be Rufus from process of elimination. And someone had carved ""Rufus"" on the femur. Make Al N.'s day - give this story five thumbs-up (there's no need to register , the thumbs are just down there!)",0
11178,Saudi ambassador gives bizarre answer to illegal Yemen cluster bomb question:’It’s like asking if you’ll stop beating your wife,"Videos Saudi ambassador gives bizarre answer to illegal Yemen cluster bomb question:’It’s like asking if you’ll stop beating your wife Prince Abdullah Al-Saud clumsily dodges question about the Kingdom’s role in the 19-month-old Yemeni civil war, which has left more than 10,000 people dead.   Saudi Arabian ambassador to the US Prince Abdullah Al-Saud speaking to reporters at the 25th Annual Arab-US Policymakers Conference in Washington DC, October 27 2016 Screenshot via Zaid Jilani/YouTube 
Saudi Arabia ’s ambassador to the US has evaded answering a question about Saudi Arabia’s alleged use of cluster munitions in the Yemeni civil war by answering, “This is like the question, ‘Will you stop beating your wife?’” 
“Will you continue to use cluster weapons in Yemen?” a reporter from The Intercept asked Prince Abdullah Al-Saud, the Kingdom’s ambassador to the US, at the annual Arab-US Policymakers Conference in Washington DC last week. 
“This is like the question, ‘Will you stop beating your wife?’” Mr Saud replied, laughing. When pressed on the same point, the prince said, “You are political operators… I’m not a politician.” 
Mr Saud went on to say that the Kingdom would contine bombing Houthi rebels in Yemen “no matter what it takes.” 
“If anyone attacks human lives, and disturbs the border, in whatever region, we’re going to continue hitting them, no matter what,” he said. 
“Anyone who wants to solve the Yemen problem should understand who is making all the problems.” 
A Saudi-led coalition of Middle Eastern states began bombing Shiite Houti rebels in Yemen at the request of the exiled internationally recognised goverment in March 2015. 
The intervention has been heavily criticised by humanitarian groups, who allege that the Kingdom has dropped illegal cluster munitions – banned under international law because of the indiscriminate damage they cause – and also that the Saudi military capabilities are not sophisticated enough to avoid targeting civilian infrastrucutre, causing unneccessary loss of life. 
More than 10,000 people have died in Yemen’s conflict to date, the majority because of bombing on the capital Sanaa and other rebel-held cities, the UN says. 
Rebel counter attacks across the border have killed nearly 500 Saudi citizens, the Saudi envoy to the UN Abdallah al-Moallim said last month. 
Saudi Arabia has opened an investigations task force into human rights violations caused by coalition bombing, but Human Rights Watch and several other international bodies have pressed for an independent inquiry. 
Rights groups have also called on Western nations to stop selling arms to Saudi Arabia and other Gulf nations, which they say are destined for use in Yemen’s 19-month-old civil war. 
Mr Saud was the keynote speaker at the 25th annual Arab-U.S. Policymakers Conference, which is funded by – among others – oil companies Chevron, ExxonMobile, and ConocoPhillips, and weapons manufacturers Lockheed Martin, Raytheon, and Boeing. 
Former Director of the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, David Petraeus, also spoke at the summit, attended by business figures and US military officials. 
This article originally appeared on The Independent. Be Sociable, Share!",0
11179,Pence Pushes Paul Ryan’s Obamacare Bill on Capitol Hill as House Republicans Push Back - Breitbart,"WASHINGTON, D. C.  —   Vice President Mike Pence took to Capitol Hill to meet with lawmakers on the heels of the release of Republican House Leaders’ plan to replace Obamacare. [Pence was scheduled for a Senate Republican Policy lunch, after which he was to hold “a series of meetings with lawmakers.    the White House released a readout of the Vice President’s meeting with U. S. House Representatives Marks Meadows ( ) and Jim Jordan ( ): The Vice President today met with conservative leaders in the House to discuss the failures of Obamacare and the need to repeal and replace that disastrous law. Participants discussed their shared desire for fiscally responsible,   reforms that encourage competition and provide individuals and families with the ability to choose the health insurance option that is best for them. The Vice President stressed this is the first step in the process to deliver on the President’s promise to the American people and looks forward to House passage of the American Health Care Act. Shortly after the meeting, members of the House Freedom Caucus, including Meadows and Jordan, held a press conference on Capitol Hill, during which they addressed repeal and replacement of Obamacare. Rep. Meadows recalled for reporters that he campaigned alongside   Donald Trump during the presidential election. He said that talk of repeal meant to many that the entire bill would be repealed. Both Meadows and Jordan spoke of getting rid of Obamacare completely and bringing down healthcare costs for Americans. Jordan told reporters: Tomorrow I will introduce the bill that every single Republican voted on just 15 months ago, the bill that actually repeals Obamacare. Our plan has always been repeal in one piece of legislation, replace in the other and that replacement we talked about a few weeks ago is the bill sponsored by [Rep.] Dr. [Rand] Paul in the Senate and [Rep.] Mark Sanford in the House. He went on to summarize and differentiate three different replacement plans. The first he named was the   plan, which he defined as essentially the plan to keep Obamacare. The second Jordan named was the House Leadership plan, “which I believe when you look through it, is Obamacare in a different form. ” The third he named as “our plan,” as he spoke alongside members of the House Freedom Caucus. He said of this third plan that it is “the one that I think is consistent with what we told the voters we were gonna do. Repeal Obamacare, replace it with a       plan that actually brings down the cost of insurance, brings down the cost of healthcare. ” Member after member denounced the House Leadership plan to replace Obamacare as unacceptable based on what they promised to the American people. Sen. Mike Lee, Rep. Louie Gohmert, Rep. Mark Sanford, Rep. Dave Brat, and Sen. Rand Paul were among those who also spoke at the Tuesday afternoon House Freedom Caucus press conference. Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana ",0
11180,Arkansas Parole Board Recommends Clemency for Death-Row Inmate - The New York Times,"The Arkansas Parole Board has recommended that one of the eight men set to be executed during a   span this month receive clemency and be spared capital punishment. The board’s nonbinding recommendation, approved by a vote of 6 to 1, is the latest twist in Arkansas’s effort to restart its capital punishment program, which has been suspended since 2005 because of legal and logistical challenges. While four other inmates on death row have been denied clemency in recent weeks, the parole board showed mercy for Jason McGehee, who killed a teenager in the Ozarks in 1996. The recommendation is now in the hands of Gov. Asa Hutchinson, a Republican who scheduled the stacked executions because a   drug used by the state is about to expire. A spokesman for the governor said he was reviewing it. If Mr. Hutchinson denies the recommendation and all eight inmates are put to death, Arkansas will be the first state to conduct that many executions in a month since capital punishment resumed in the United States in 1977, according to the Death Penalty Information Center, a   group that studies capital punishment. Six of the eight inmates applied for clemency after Mr. Hutchinson announced the executions in February. The final parole board hearing is on Friday. Typically, if a death sentence is commuted, it is replaced with a sentence of life without parole. The board did not explain its decision in Mr. McGehee’s case. But during the clemency hearing on Friday, the chairman, John Felts, said he did not believe that Mr. McGehee’s sentence was excessive, given that the murder victim was tortured before his death, according to The Arkansas  . Mr. Felts was the lone member to vote against clemency. Mr. McGehee’s clemency bid had the support of two   officials: the judge who presided over his case and a former director of the Arkansas Department of Correction. The judge, Robert McCorkindale, wrote in a letter to the parole board that Mr. McGehee did not deserve the death penalty. “I tried a lot of capital murder cases in my years, and I saw people that I thought were much worse individuals get life without parole as opposed to the death penalty,” Mr. McCorkindale, who oversaw the 14th Judicial Circuit in Arkansas from 1979 to 2002, said in an interview on Wednesday. “I didn’t see him as the worst of the worst,” Mr. McCorkindale added. “As a matter of fact, he was a very young man. ” Mr. McGehee, who was 20 at the time, and two friends kidnapped John Thomas Melbourne Jr. in August 1996, after they heard that he had told the authorities about their theft ring. They took Mr. Melbourne to an abandoned farm, tied him up with an electrical cord, and took turns beating and choking him until he died. The capital murder trials started in 1998, and the two other men were tried first. One received life in prison without parole, and the other, who was a juvenile, had his sentence adjusted in January to 40 years in prison. In the last trial, prosecutors described Mr. McGehee as the ringleader of the kidnapping and murder. Mr. McCorkindale said he believed that the three men did not kidnap Mr. Melbourne with the intention of killing him, but that the situation got out of hand. He said Mr. McGehee had been sentenced to death even though he did not deliver the fatal blow. “I just felt that these were all young people involved in this case, and there was a shared responsibility,” he said. At the hearing on Friday, the victim’s father, John Melbourne, said his son had also pleaded for mercy before he died. “John didn’t have this,” Mr. Melbourne told the parole board members, according to news reports. “He begged for his life, too. He didn’t have y’all. ”",0
11181,Netanyahu Wraps Up ’Wonderful’ Visit to Australia,"SBS Australia reports:  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says his inaugural tour to Australia has been ‘wonderful’. The Israeli PM and his wife Sara wound up their   trip to Sydney on Sunday, meeting with Foreign Minister Julie Bishop just hours before departing. [‘This has been a wonderful visit here. You people are amazing,’ Mr Netanyahu told the foreign minister before holding bilateral talks behind closed doors. Mr Netanyahu joked with Ms Bishop, who’s just arrived home from a whirlwind trip to the US and UK, that the pair had ‘shared more or less the same route’.  Ms Bishop last week held   talks with top Trump administration officials in Washington including   H R McMaster, the president’s newly appointed National Security Advisor. Read more here.",0
11182,N.F.L.: Here’s What We Learned in Week 1 - The New York Times,"■ The Oakland Raiders defense may need some tightening up, but their offense can keep up with Drew Brees in the Superdome and their coach’s Twitter game is decidedly elite. ■ Jameis Winston of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers completed touchdowns to four different receivers in a    win on the road, and no one is asking if Marcus Mariota should have been drafted ahead of him anymore. ■ Life without Marshawn Lynch may be an odd experience for the Seattle Seahawks, who asked Russell Wilson to throw a   43 times, struggled to run the ball, and barely beat the uninspiring Miami Dolphins at home. ■ Ezekiel Elliott should likely have exercised a bit more caution before discussing breaking Eric Dickerson’s rookie rushing record, as the Dallas Cowboys running back had just 51 yards in his debut, averaging 2. 5 yards a carry. ■ The New England Patriots, playing on the road, beat one of the best teams in the N. F. L. without Tom Brady or Rob Gronkowski, and Jimmy Garoppolo completed a pass to himself, so the other teams in the N. F. L. may want to consider giving up. Go here for the complete Week 1 schedule and scores The New England Patriots and Arizona Cardinals are two of the top teams in the N. F. L. so a tight matchup between them on Sunday night made sense until you realized the Patriots were playing without the team’s two best players, Tom Brady and Rob Gronkowski, and their most dominant defender from last season, Chandler Jones, was suited up for the other team. Proving that no individuals are too important when it comes to one of Coach Bill Belichick’s teams, the Patriots outlasted the Cardinals   with Jimmy Garoppolo not missing a beat in Brady’s place and the team’s defense working together to limit one of the N. F. L. ’s most potent offensive units. Garoppolo, who threw just four passes last season, completed 24 of 33 against the Cardinals for 264 yards and 1 touchdown, showing a great deal of mobility in the pocket and getting some style points for pulling a trick out of Steve Young’s old play book, catching his own deflected pass and running it for a   gain. Down by one point with just under 10 minutes remaining in the game, he led a     drive that resulted in Stephen Gostkowski’s   field goal that put New England on top for good. Garoppolo was positively Belichickian in his   assessment of the win. “There’s plenty of room for improvement,” Garoppolo said. “We’ll look at the film and get it corrected for next week. ” The Cardinals, who never seemed to get into an offensive rhythm despite Larry Fitzgerald scoring the 99th and 100th receiving touchdowns of his career, had a chance to take the lead when Chandler Catanzaro came out for a   field goal attempt with 41 seconds remaining, but after a low snap, Catanzaro’s kick sailed wide left, ensuring New England’s victory. Russell Wilson hobbled through much of the second half, but when the Seattle Seahawks needed him most he stepped back into the pocket and found Doug Baldwin in the corner of the end zone to put his team ahead to stay in a   win over the Miami Dolphins. It was the first game of the   Lynch era, and the Seahawks leaned heavily on Wilson, who threw a   43 passes, many of which came after he had his ankle crushed under the weight of Ndamukong Suh following a sack in the third quarter. Playing with a taped ankle that severely limited his mobility, Wilson did not miss a snap and was able to float the ball over a defensive back into Baldwin’s arms from 2 yards away. He finished the day with 258 yards passing, 1 touchdown and 1 interception. It was a quiet   game in favor of the Seahawks after three quarters, but the teams made it interesting from that point forward, with Cassius Marsh, a standout special teams player for Seattle, blocking a field goal, and Ryan Tannehill of the Dolphins engineering an efficient     drive that appeared to secure a huge upset win for Miami prior to Wilson finding Baldwin for the  . Marcus Peters, a cornerback for the Kansas City Chiefs, held his right fist in the air throughout the playing of the national anthem before his team’s game against the San Diego Chargers on Sunday. Peters, who stood with his arms linked with his teammates, was channeling the Black Power salutes of Tommie Smith and John Carlos at the 1968 Olympics while simultaneously supporting the protest that Colin Kaepernick of the San Francisco 49ers started during the preseason to raise issues of the treatment of minorities. “I salute Colin for what he’s doing for a great cause,” Peters told reporters on Friday. “I’m 100 percent behind him. What’s going on in law enforcement, it does need to change and it does need to change for everybody, not just us as black Americans. ” The Chiefs as a team issued a statement, saying in part “after having a number of thoughtful discussions as a group regarding our representation during the National Anthem, we decided collectively to lock arms as a sign of solidarity. It was our goal to be unified as a team and to be respectful of everyone’s opinions, and the remembrance of  . ” The protest of the national anthem has been a hot topic, with many players in Week 1 choosing to help hold the oversize flags to show their patriotism, while several others have voiced support of the issue. In the   game on Thursday between the Carolina Panthers and Denver Broncos, Brandon Marshall, a linebacker for the Broncos, kneeled during the anthem in solidarity with Kaepernick, his teammate in college at Nevada. In the Sunday afternoon game between the Seattle Seahawks and Miami Dolphins, the Seahawks linked arms together in a sign of unity while as he had promised, Arian Foster, a Dolphins running back, kneeled. He was joined by his teammates Kenny Stills, Michael Thomas and Jelani Jenkins. The Houston Texans had to temper some of the enthusiasm for the team’s    win over the Chicago Bears because of what appeared to be a significant knee injury to Brian Cushing, a linebacker who is among the team’s leaders on defense. Cushing, who has dealt with several knee injuries in the past, went down in the first quarter and did not return.  —   Keenan Allen, a wide receiver for the San Diego Chargers, suffered a   injury to his right knee early in the second quarter. The Sporting News is reporting that Allen tore his ACL, which would be a big blow to the Chargers, who had started the game well but ended up losing to the Kansas City Chiefs in overtime. Allen, who is the team’s best receiver when healthy, already had 6 catches for 63 yards at the time of his injury. Following a touchdown late in the fourth quarter, Coach Jack Del Rio of the Oakland Raiders decided he had no interest in going to overtime against the New Orleans Saints, and instead went for a   conversion with just 47 seconds remaining. The upstart Raiders made Del Rio look like a genius, with Derek Carr finding Michael Crabtree for the conversion, and then the Oakland defense held on to secure a   victory in New Orleans. “I was thinking ‘we’re here to win, let’s win it right now,’” Del Rio said at a news conference following the game. “That’s why we took some clock there at the end, so they wouldn’t have as much, that’s why we went for two after the score. Everything about our strategy at the end was to win. ” The Raiders, trying to make the playoffs for the first time since the 2002 season, survived a     passing game by Drew Brees and a   touchdown by Brandin Cooks that was the longest reception in the N. F. L. since 2011. Victor Cruz is back! Facing a crucial   situation yards from the Dallas end zone, the Giants turned to a star who was injured and out of the lineup last season. Giants wide receiver Victor Cruz, playing his first game in nearly two years, craftily   around and between two Dallas defenders to get open for a   touchdown pass that gave the Giants a spirited   victory. Here’s how they won. Carson Wentz Makes Browns Pay: The Cleveland Browns felt strongly enough that Carson Wentz was not the answer for the team at quarterback that they traded away the No. 2 pick in this year’s draft rather that select him. After getting a good look at the    quarterback in his role as the starter for the Philadelphia Eagles, they may be regretting that decision. Wentz hit the ground running in his N. F. L. career, throwing a touchdown on his first drive and eventually beating the Browns  . “This is who he is,” Eagles coach Doug Pederson said after the game. “This is his DNA. He prepared like a veteran and he played that way. His maturity level was outstanding. ” The Browns, who have seemed cursed at the quarterback position since Bernie Kosar was released in 1991, knew that keeping the No. 2 pick in the draft would guarantee them either Jared Goff (who ended up going No. 1 to the Los Angeles Rams) or Wentz, but according to Paul DePodesta, the team’s chief strategy officer, neither player was enticing enough, so the team instead traded the pick to the Eagles for five draft picks. Time will tell if Wentz is an elite quarterback, but in the first game of his career he completed 22 of 37 passes for 278 yards and threw two touchdowns and no interceptions. Late field goal dooms Jets: The scheduling doyens at N. F. L. headquarters did not do the Jets any   favors. Five of their first six opponents this season advanced to the playoffs last season, a hazy maze of danger that began Sunday afternoon when the Cincinnati Bengals visited MetLife Stadium. Sure enough, the first game of the season ended in disappointment for the Jets, whose defensive backfield had more seams than a   business suit. The Bengals held on for a   win as Mike Nugent kicked a   field goal with 54 seconds left. Here’s our Jets game story. Packers survive in Jacksonville: The Jaguars and their young quarterback, Blake Bortles, made it difficult, but Aaron Rodgers was too much for them, leading the Packers to a   victory. Rodgers threw two touchdown passes and ran for another score. He looked every bit like, well, a   league MVP. He extended plays with his feet, escaped sacks and had precision accuracy all over the field. Bortles gave Rodgers a challenge, completing 24 of 39 passes for 320 yards and a touchdown, but he came up short on the Jaguars’ final drive. Osweiler Solid in Texans Debut: Brock Osweiler threw for 231 yards and two touchdowns in his debut with Houston to lead the Texans and their revamped offense to a   win over the Chicago Bears on Sunday. Osweiler, who signed to a $72 million contract from Denver in the offseason, was helped by an offense filled with playmakers. He completed passes to eight different receivers, led by rookie   pick Will Fuller, who became the first player in franchise history to have 100 yards receiving in a debut with 107 and a touchdown. DeAndre Hopkins added 54 yards and a score and running back Lamar Miller had 106 yards rushing in his first game with the Texans.  —   Associated Press All times Eastern Tampa Bay 31, Atlanta 24 Baltimore 13, Buffalo 7 Houston 23, Chicago 14 Green Bay 27, Jacksonville 23 Kansas City 33, San Diego 27, OT Oakland 35, New Orleans 34 Cincinnati 23, Jets 22 Philadelphia 29, Cleveland 10 Minnesota 25, Tennessee 16 Seattle 12, Miami 10 N. Y. Giants 20, Dallas 19 Detroit 39, Indianapolis 35 New England 23, Arizona 21",0
11183,Senate Set for Historic Supreme Court Vote on Friday - Breitbart,"WASHINGTON —  This week’s Senate showdown over the pending Supreme Court confirmation will go down in history because by next weekend America will either see the first ever successful partisan filibuster of a nominee or the Senate will reject using filibusters to block presidential nominations. [The Senate’s judiciary committee will vote Monday, April 3, on the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to be the next justice on the U. S. Supreme Court to succeed a historic figure in American law, Justice Antonin Scalia. The committee will favorably report the nomination to the full Senate, possibly on a     vote.  The full Senate will debate Gorsuch’s nomination starting Tuesday, with a final vote on Friday, April 7. For well over a century, senators have used Senate Rule XXII to kill legislation. That rule allows that for any debatable question (meaning issue or measure) before the Senate, each senator is able to speak twice on each question in any one legislative day. A legislative day begins whenever the Senate is gaveled to order and ends whenever the presiding officer adjourns the Senate. A filibuster occurs when a senator expects that a legislative measure he opposes might pass, so he takes all the time he can consume to keep talking about the issue to stall a final vote. If there are other senators who likewise want to defeat the measure, then when the first senator is too exhausted to talk any longer (because there are all sorts of Senate rules that burden a speaker’s ability to continue, such as the requirement that they stand rather than sit, and cannot have water or other drink on the Senate floor) one of his supporting colleague starts his own   speech, and they pass it down the chain from there. The Senate must stay in session around the clock if it wishes to pass the measure. If at any point the Senate adjourns for the night, then when a new session begins the clock starts all over again. The procedure for forcing an end to debate is called a cloture motion. It takes a   vote of the Senate (meaning 60 senators in the   body) to invoke cloture. After that point, any additional debate is limited to 30 hours. When debate ends, the Senate holds a final vote. If 41 senators oppose cloture, the filibuster continues. However, the Senate has two business calendars. One is legislative, where it works as the counterpart of the U. S. House to pass bills into law. The other is executive, where the Senate has a role in judicial appointments and   executive appointments. Even though Senate Rule XXII does not explicitly say it applies only to legislative business, the reality is that senators never used it against judicial nominations, keeping the executive calendar to separate procedures. Occasionally a Supreme Court nominee may be confirmed only narrowly, such as Justice Clarence Thomas, who was confirmed by a vote of  . But no one attempted to filibuster the Thomas nomination. It was taken for granted that the nomination deserved an    vote. There has only been one successful filibuster of a Supreme Court nomination when President Johnson nominated Justice Abe Fortas to become chief justice in 1968. But the opposition to Fortas was bipartisan, and it appears a majority of senators in the   body would have defeated the nomination. By contrast, in 228 years, there has never been a successful partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court nomination. But that is what Sen. Chuck Schumer ( ) is attempting to do this week, declaring a new   threshold for Supreme Court nominations. In 2003, it was a more junior Schumer who introduced filibusters of presidential nominations to lower federal courts, when he led an effort to block several of President George W. Bush’s nominees to the federal courts of appeals. In 2013 the shoe was on the other foot, with Republican senators blocking nominees of Democratic President Barack Obama to those same appellate courts. Sen. Harry Reid ( ) then engineered a ruling from the Senate’s presiding officer that Rule XXII does not apply to federal judicial nominees at the appellate or trial levels, or executive appointments as well, for that matter. But that ruling did not cover the Supreme Court. There are 52 Republicans and 48 Democrats (including Independents who caucus with the Democrats) in the Senate today. Consequently, it would take eight Democrats to cross the aisle to invoke a   cloture. If there are not eight to be found, then Sen. Mitch McConnell ( ) is prepared to have the chair issue a ruling that the precedent Reid created in 2013 applies to Supreme Court nominations as well. If at least 50 senators agree (because Vice President Mike Pence casts the   vote if the Senate splits  ) then Gorsuch’s nomination —  and all future Supreme Court nominations —  will need only 51 votes. Such a ruling is called the “constitutional option” by its supporters. This constitutional option would restore two centuries of precedent, whereby elections have consequences. The Constitution vests the power to appoint judges jointly in the president and the Senate. If the American people give the White House and the Senate to the same political party, then that party should be able to confirm its own nominees to the judiciary. It is unclear at that point where the votes are, both on the Gorsuch filibuster and on the constitutional option. But whichever way the showdown goes, Friday’s vote will be one for the history books. Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski.",0
11184,Narco-terror: Cartel Dumps Dismembered Bodies in Mexican Border State,"MONTERREY, Nuevo Leon  —   A group of gunmen from one of the cartels operating in this border state executed, dismembered, and bagged three victims. Their remains were left in the bed of a truck with a poster bearing a  . [The gruesome discovery was made by municipal police officers from the town of Escobedo, who were carrying out a routine patrol. The vehicle did not seem out of the ordinary until the officers spotted a several trash bags with human remains and a cartel message.   The officers that reported the crime scene in the Villas de San Francisco neighborhood confirmed to Breitbart Texas they found at least seven plastic bags in the bed of the pickup in plain view. Authorities were able to identify a human foot and a torso that were protruding from the bags.  Among the bloody human remains, authorities found three human heads and the poster that been stuck to a body with an ice pick. The message read: “This happened for (word missing) $$ to the Golfos (Gulf Cartel members) and farting Zetas, Greetings to Jaime Alberto Cano Gonzalez and Mario Salazar Cortez “the Baldy” from Apodaca. This is just starting. ”  The bloody war for control of the drug trade in Nuevo Leon has not slowed even though state authorities have been trying to downplay the violence by calling it an “internal fight” and not a “ . ” Despite claims by government officials, executions, mutilated bodies and threats continue to turn up in the industrial areas surrounding Monterrey.  Aldo Fasci Zuazua, the Nuevo Leon Public Safety Spokesman, confirmed the open investigation by the state attorney general’s office into the dismembered bodies. The pickup had been reported stolen just a week before from the town of Apodaca. Editor’s Note: Breitbart Texas traveled to the Mexican States of Tamaulipas, Coahuila and Nuevo León to recruit citizen journalists willing to risk their lives and expose the cartels silencing their communities.  The writers would face certain death at the hands of the various cartels that operate in those areas including the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas if a pseudonym were not used. Breitbart Texas’ Cartel Chronicles are published in both English and in their original Spanish. This article was written by Tony Aranda from Monterrey, Nuevo León. ",0
11185,Broncos WR Demaryius Thomas: ’F*** Tom Brady’ - Breitbart,"TMZ Sports posted a video of Denver Broncos wide receiver Demaryius Thomas partying at a bar in Georgia over the weekend.  In the video, Thomas says, “F*** Tom Brady,” and then adds, “But he’s great!” According to TMZ, Thomas said he was just joking and “meant no harm. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
11188,Mark of the Beast,"Report Copyright Violation Mark of the Beast @ 5:47 of this video he lets us know what the Mark of the Beast is.. The antichrist will be able to control those who take this mark. Do you have eyes to see, ears to hear and a heart to understand? JESUS CHRIST is the ONLY WAY to SALVATION, DELIVERANCE and PEACE! Soon his grace will be taken from the earth and his WRATH will be poured out. Accept JESUS CHRIST while the GRACE of GOD is still available. May the Peace of God be with you! Love, Pray, Repent and Forgive. Page 1",0
11189,Desgranamos los perfiles de los posibles nuevos Ministros,"Desgranamos los perfiles de los posibles nuevos Ministros RAJOY REJUVENECE EL GOBIERNO PONIENDO DE MINISTRAS A LA YENNI Y A LA DÉBORA 
Aunque el Presidente del Gobierno, Mariano Rajoy, no hará públicos los nombres que conformarán el Consejo de Ministros de esta legislatura, las quinielas apuntan a que habrá una profunda remodelación. 
A continuación, ofrecemos un breve resumen de los Ministros que más suenan para formar parte del Ejecutivo. Presidencia – Mariano Rajoy 
Después de casi un año sabático recorriendo Europa como mochilero a fin de encontrarse consigo mismo, Rajoy retoma su labor como Presidente del Gobierno. Deberá afrontar temas decisivos para el país, como el reajuste de las pensiones, los nuevos recortes impuestos por Europa, y la renovación de memes de Internet. 
Vicepresidencia – La Yenni 
Con el objetivo de rejuvenecer el gobierno, la Yenni (22 años) aparcará su trabajo de gogó en la discoteca Sensaciones para asumir todas aquellas tareas a las que el Presidente no se vea capacitado, por ejemplo: todas. 
Ministerio de Justicia – La Débora 
Otro perfil joven en un puesto de alta responsabilidad. Debo asume la cartera de Justicia, una tarea que no se le presenta fácil, pues deberá compaginarlo con acabar la ESO, requisito indispensable si quiere que le compren una moto. 
Ministerio de Defensa – Mario’John Cobra’ Vaquero 
Aficionado al Tae Kwondo y al Jiu Jitsu, Mario ‘John Cobra’ Vaquero tendrá el cometido de aplicar serios recortes a Defensa mediante la implantación de la lucha cuerpo a cuerpo y la sustitución de los tanques por españoles o sudamericanos nacionalizados al alistarse al ejército. Será uno de los miembros más dialogantes del equipo de Rajoy. 
Ministerio de Agricultura – John Deere 3036E Compacto 
La serie 3E le ofrece más potencia y características que cualquier otro tractor estándar de su categoría, y resulta sumamente sencillo de manejar. Destacan su potente motor diésel de 3 cilindros, la transmisión hidrostática y tracción delantera mecánica, el enganche de tres puntos trasero Categoría 1 y la TDF independiente que aseguran flexibilidad para todo tipo de tareas. Consume menos carburante que su predecesor en el cargo. 
Cuanto más trabaje, más apreciará el sistema Twin Touch™ controlando el avance del tractor por pedales, el respaldo alto ergonómico y la columna de dirección ajustable que hacen al 3E tan cómodo y productivo. 
Ministerio de Interior – Ángel Marcelo 
Es un ser incorpóreo de luz con sobrada experiencia al frente de Interior, pues ha sido la mano derecha de su predecesor en el cargo, Jorge Fernández Díaz, desde que se conocieron en Las Vegas. Los que le conocen destacan su capacidad de diálogo. Dirigirá el ministerio a través de Fernández Díaz, pues es la única persona que puede verle y hablar con él. 
Ministerio de Sanidad – Virus del ébola 
Es uno de los nombres que más ha sonado en el Ministerio de Sanidad por lo que a pocos sorprendería que le fuera otorgada una cartera microscópica. 
Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores – Pedro Duque 
El Presidente Rajoy pretende dar un golpe de autoridad con este nombramiento, pues nadie ha estado más al Exterior que el astronauta. 
Ministerio de Educación, Cultura y Deportes – Rubén Doblas Gundersen 
El proceso de rejuvenecimiento del Gobierno está encabezado por Doblas Gundersen. Entre sus propuestas más interesantes está la posible supresión del sistema educativo por videotutoriales de Youtube. Gran defensor de la idea de que aprender no debe ser aburrido, sino más bien un gameplay. 
Ministerio de Medio Ambiente- Xavier Garcia Albiol 
El ex alcalde de Badalona se hizo popular con su eslogan “Limpiemos Badalona”, un alegato a favor de la ecología y el cuidado de la naturaleza. Sus propuestas, de sobras conocidas, incluyen la reducción de emisiones de co2, de musulmanes y de contaminación acústica. 
Ministerio de Industria, Energía y Turismo – Señor X. 
La gran incógnita del futuro Consejo de Ministros. De él solo se sabe que tiene acento andaluz, que es un apasionado de los bonsais y que tiene una excelente relación con las grandes empresas energéticas. Según fuentes del gobierno, el hecho de no conocer su aspecto no es impedimento, pues lleva tiempo gobernando desde la sombra. 
Ministerio de Cataluña – Señor Pantumáquez 
El nuevo gobierno tiene muy claro que tiene un frente abierto en Cataluña. Por ello, ha creado el Ministerio de Lo de Cataluña, y ha colocado al frente a una persona consciente de la realidad catalana, y que confían en que será bien recibida entre los independentistas. 
Ministerio de lo que quiera – Rita Barberà 
La otrora Alcaldesa de Valencia, Rita Barberá, ve correspondida su labor en el partido y recibirá la cartera que ella misma escoja a fin de “poder sacar el mayor partido posible de sus aptitudes”. De este modo, Barberá podrá ejercer un cargo a medida, en un Ministerio donde podrá hacer lo que le venga en gana, sin tener que dar explicaciones. La sustituirán en el Senado seis personas de complexión normal. 
Ministerio de Soyjefamandomucho – Angela Merkel 
Por último, el gran poder de decisión de Merkel se ve oficializado con este Ministerio, que podrá imponer sus decisiones por encima de cualquier ley o decreto aprobados por el resto de carteras. 

Este ministerio queda desierto hasta que el presidente electo averigüe lo que es “Fomento” Etiquetas",0
11190,4 Motivation-Zapping Thoughts To Identify and Eliminate,"You Are Here: Home » Health & Wellness » 4 Motivation-Zapping Thoughts To Identify and Eliminate 4 Motivation-Zapping Thoughts To Identify and Eliminate Prev post Next post 
by Elizabeth Seward – Staff Writer 
I often tell myself that the only difference between an idea and an accomplishment is action. I repeat this to myself regularly because I believe it; I believe in the power of action. Most people fully understand the importance of action, no matter how unproductive they might be. 
The difficulty is often in finding the motivation to initiate action. Not everyone is born naturally motivated, but we all need this driving force behind us if we’re going to succeed in doing just about anything we dream of doing. In fact, much of our life trajectory depends on our ability to harness motivation so that it yields action. Are you killing your own motivation? 
If you catch yourself entertaining any of the motivation-zapping thoughts below, stop that unhelpful voice in your head dead in its tracks and reset! What I Want Is For Other People, Not Me. I’ve been an artist all of my life. Ever since I was a child, I wanted to make “a living” out of creating, and thus, all of my life, I occasionally come across people who try to convince me that the life of an artist is one for rich folks or crazy people or beautiful elites or some other kind of person that just isn’t me. Luckily, I haven’t spent much time listening to those people. However, every once in a while, especially if I’m already feeling down, that thought pattern will make its way into my head. Learn this now: no matter your background, you are entitled to the opportunity to work toward what you want. I Don’t Have The Resources. Maybe you think you don’t have the time, the energy, the right space, the money, or any other type of resource or support you need to put your ideas into action. And maybe you’re right. But be honest with yourself: it’s more likely that you’re just making excuses. There are solutions to most problems like these, so find them and embrace them. Improve your time management skills, get some help with your other tasks (delegate!), secure the space and equipment you need – even if you have to borrow it, pinch pennies, find financing, look for a new job, exercise daily for an energy boost – just do whatever it takes. If the idea is important enough to you, you’ll find a way to uplift it with action. I’ll Do It Eventually. There is no eventually. There is no guarantee that you will be here tomorrow. If you can begin today, get the show on the road! Meet this motivation-zapping thought with rebellion and give your idea the green light today. I’m Not Good Enough. Maybe you think you don’t have the talent, intelligence, or charisma it takes to bring your idea into fruition? Think again. The biggest thing standing between you and your goal is not your raw skill, but your willingness to actively participate in your own idea. As they say, showing up is half of the battle (I think it’s most of the battle). Most people who are good at something didn’t get that way without practice. You have to begin cutting your teeth somewhere! The main reason others might be more skilled than you are at something specific is because they do it regularly and you do not. There are exceptions, of course, but this is usually the case. 3 Common Vegetable Garden Planning Mistakes 
Are you planning a vegetable garden? You might not be aware of several common mistakes people make when they are planning out their vegetable gardens. When planning a vegetable garden it’s easy to ignore problems that can occur when plants are in the ground. In this video we look at 3 common mistakes gardeners make […] 8 Herbs That Can Help Reduce Stress and Anxiety 
Are you feeling stressed or suffering from feelings of anxiety? You may find that certain herbs are a fast, easy and effective way to reduce stress and anxiety. Before going into detail about the herbs that can help you to manage your stress and anxiety, I do want to point out that diet and lifestyle still need to […] Chemtrails Killing Organic Crops and Monsanto’s GMO Seeds Thrive 
Organic farmers and our food supply have a huge environmental hazard to contend with compliments of the U.S. government – chemtrails. Chemtrails are chemical or biological agents deliberately sprayed at high altitudes for purposes undisclosed to the general public in programs directed by various government officials. These sprays pollute the soil, water and air while […] The Horrific True Story of How Pringles Chips are Made 
The Pringles Company (in an effort to avoid taxes levied against “luxury foods” like chips in the UK) once even argued that the potato content of their chips was so low that they are technically not even potato chips. by Dr. Mercola – Mercola.com To understand the nature of Pringles and other stackable chips, forget the […] Top 20 Energy Boosting Foods 
Check out these 20 Super Energy Boosting Foods! by Matt Hall – staff writer If you’re finding your energy lacking, you may be tempted to reach for a chemical-laden energy drink or yet another double-shot espresso. Don’t! Instead of your 10th cup of coffee for the day, reach for one or more of the following […] China Incinerates 3 US Shipments of Genetically Modified Corn 
China has destroyed a total of at least three genetically modified corn shipments with origins from the United States in a move that echoes the way in which the nation of Hungary actually went and destroyed acres upon acres of Monsanto’s GMO corn fields. This move by China represents a direct stand against Monsanto — […] Top chefs meet with lawmakers to urge GMO labeling 
by Rachael Nania – WTOP News Chef José Andrés address lawmakers and chefs who met on Capitol Hill to urge members of Congress to support legislation mandating the labeling of genetically modified foods. (WTOP/Rachel Nania) WASHINGTON — The discussion surrounding labeling foods that contain genetically modified organisms is reaching a boiling point, and chefs are adding […] Shoulder Pain: Natural Remedies For Joint Pain Relief 
You can provide your own shoulder joint pain relief, in most cases. The pain relief is usually right at your fingertips……once you know a few very basic techniques. Learn the self-treatments that will get rid of your pain. The results can occur quite rapidly once you release the right tissue. Just follow along with the videos. Step 1 – […] How Roundup Ready GMO Corn Is Made 
Have you ever wondered how GMO corn is made? Roundup Ready Corn is genetically engineered corn that has had its DNA modified to withstand the herbicide glyphosate (the active ingredient in Monsanto’s herbicide Roundup). It is also known as “glyphosate tolerant corn.” Roundup Ready corn was first deregulated in the U.S. in 1997 and first […] Eight foods that help fight allergies 
by Sandeep Godiyal – Naturalnews.com Allergies are indeed bothersome. But instead of reaching out to the usual medications, individuals can now seek relief from various foods. Among the known foods that help fight off spring allergies are citrus fruits, red grapes, broccoli, collard greens, nuts, apples, fish, onions and garlic. With a diet enriched with these […] Costco Going All Out for Organic 
As originally reported by The Seattle Times, Costco is finding new and creative ways to meet its customers’ growing demand for organic produce. Article by Sarah Landers – Natural News Costco can be a little unpredictable when it comes to embracing natural, healthy foods. In 2015, there was a petition against the company to urge it not […] Attachment And Separation: What Everyone Should Know 
by Dr. Peter Cook – The Natural Child Project Many human troubles would be lessened if the emotional needs of infants and young children were better understood in our society. This applies particularly to attachment needs and the effects of separating infants from their parents. Can you imagine how you might feel if you were happily […] Kellogg’s Loves GMO Contamination of Organic Food 
Organic Consumers Association and allies warned Kellogg’s, if they used sugar from genetically engineered sugar beets in their foods, they would face a consumer boycott. Kellogg’s responded, claiming that, even though they don’t use genetically engineered ingredients in Europe, in the U.S., “consumer concerns about the usage of biotech ingredients in food production are low.”Does that […] 6 Diet Tips to Prevent Cancer 
Even though there isn’t a food out there that is going to prevent cancer completely, there are certain things that you can do to avoid getting one of the major cancers. For starters, how about sticking with more of a plant-based diet? Eating more vegetables and fruits, while consuming less dairy, processed meats and alcohol can […] Join For Free! Discover Little Known Health Secrets and Useful Tips For Healthy Living! First Name ",0
11191,Russian Scientist Says Newest Ice Age is Happening Now,"Russian Scientist Says Newest Ice Age is Happening Now November 02, 2016 Russian Scientist Says Newest Ice Age is Underway 
A new study by a prominent Russian astrophysicist claims the “new Little Ice Age” started at the end of 2015 due to low solar activity, kicking off decades of “deep cooling” in the latter half of the 21st Century. “As a result, the Earth has, and will continue to have, a negative average annual energy balance and a long-term adverse thermal condition,” Dr. Habibullo Abdussamatov , who is the head of space research for the Pulkovo Observatory at the Russian Academy of Sciences, wrote in a recent study. “The quasi-centennial epoch of the new Little Ice Age has started at the end 2015 after the maximum phase of solar cycle 24,” Abdussamatov wrote. “The start of a solar grand minimum is anticipated in solar cycle 27 in 2043 and the beginning of phase of deep cooling in the new Little Ice Age in 2060.” Abdussamatov’s latest work was translated into English and featured in a new book by geologist Don Easterbrook on evidence opposing the mainstream view that carbon dioxide is the main source of recent global warming. 
Abdussamatov argues that declining solar activity will cause a gradual cooling over North America and Europe, which could recreate the conditions experienced during the “Little Ice Age”— cooler periods from Middle Ages to the mid-19th Century that coincided with a lull in sunspots. 
“The gradual weakening of the Gulf Stream leads to stronger cooling in the zone of its action in western Europe and the eastern parts of the United States and Canada,” Abdussamatov wrote. 
“Quasi-bicentennial cyclic variations of [total solar irradiance] together with successive very important influences of the causal feedback effects are the main fundamental causes of corresponding alterations in climate variation from warming to the Little Ice Age,” he wrote. 
Abdussamatov previously predicted declining solar activity would lead to a new “Little Ice Age” in the next 30 years. 
READ MORE: ""SUN'S HEARTBEAT"" INDICATES A SOON-COMING GLOBAL ICE AGE 
For years, some scientists have warned that declining solar activity could bring cooler global temperatures in the coming years, but this view has been contested by many scientists who see greenhouse gases, like CO2, as the primary warming agent. 
A 2015 study led by Met Office scientist Sarah Ineson found the overall cooling effect of a “grand solar minimum” would be marginal — only offsetting 0.1 degree Celsius of greenhouse gas warming. 
Though regional impacts could be more pronounced, Inseon found. Her study found northern Europe could see 0.4 to 0.8 degrees of cooling if solar activity hits record low levels. 
“This research shows that the regional impacts of a grand solar minimum are likely to be larger than the global effect, but it’s still nowhere near big enough to override the expected global warming trend due to man-made change,” Ineson said in a statement. 
“This means that even if we were to see a return to levels of solar activity not seen since the Maunder Minimum, our winters would likely still be getting milder overall,” she said. 
But sunspot aficionados argue the “pause” in global average temperature since the late 1990s coincides with decreasing solar activity. Most scientists say the “pause” in global warming was caused by ocean oscillation cycles. 
“Since 1990, the Sun has been in the declining phase of the quasi-bicentennial variation in total solar irradiance,” Abdussamatov wrote. “The decrease in the portion of TSI absorbed by the Earth since 1990 has remained uncompensated by the Earth’s long-wave radiation into space at the previous high level because of the thermal inertia of the world’s oceans.” 
Original content provided by The Daily Caller ; additional commentary and insight provided by TRUNEWS Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories",0
11192,Major Russian Geopolitical Moves Going Unnoticed in Wake of US Election | The Vineyard of the Saker,"424 Views November 17, 2016 No Comments Guest Posts The Saker 
by Oleg Maslov 
It’s official, Russia has decided to grab the bull by the horns. Just one week after the shocking vote in the US presidential election resulted in a Trump victory, Russia has decided to pull all the stops and take care of some long lingering business while Obama’s administration is working overtime to manage a transition that no one expected would happen and Obama himself is out of the office, making what might be his very last visit to Europe, calming the closest of American allies in a time of serious questions about the future of the American relationship with NATO. 
Obama has just two months before Trump will be sworn in and much of the time and energy of his staff will be consumed by briefing Trump and his cabinet, which is not yet fully formed, on their duties and on the situation in the world in general. Perhaps Obama’s own transition team will try to convince the Teflon Don and his staff to pursue a similar policy on many issues, not the least of which include Obamacare and the Paris agreement on climate change. Trump himself has already received a call from Putin shortly after the election, one of Trump’s most publicized calls with world leaders after news of his victory broke, putting even more pressure on Obama’s transition team to get their points across quickly. 
In the meantime, Obama is making his last expected tour of Europe before Trump’s inauguration. It is not certain exactly why Obama chose to visit Greece first, but it is certainly significant that he was greeted with tens of thousands of protesters, in the least because it shows the current zeitgeist. Obama has to perform his duties of Salesman in Chief as he goes around to NATO allies and reassures them of budget commitments to American forces stationed abroad. I can only imagine the brain-tingling questions that Obama will have to field from the German and French defense ministers. 
The main source of all the sweating European bureaucrats is Trump’s apparent friendliness with Russia and criticism of NATO, which could mean that Brussels will have to have some existential discussions on many long standing policies, including the sanctions against Russia. In fact, if Trump were to recognize Crimea as a legal part of Russia, as he has suggested that he is willing to do, Europe may either have to follow suit and bring down the house of cards commonly referred to as the Ukrainian Crisis or declare an open break with Washington’s foreign policy, a veritable checkmate. 
If the current batch of Eurocrats were to keep their jobs (which is looking questionable), they would most probably try to avoid an open break with Washington or, ironically, risk losing their jobs. An open break with Washington would set the European Union into open waters of foreign policy sovereignty, a move that would meet with great resistance from many sources. Either way, an incredible shake-up is coming to Ukraine soon as they are about to have much less friends in the ‘international community’. 
However, all of these major theatrical dramas and loud, painful snowflake whines are actually working wonderfully to divert attention from the real news. This last Monday night, Russia did several noteworthy things on a globally relevant geopolitical level that will surely resonate with the global movers and shakers. Russia launched an all-out air assault onto ‘Syrian rebels’ operating in the Homs, Idlib, and Latakia provinces of Syria. Monday night’s military campaign coincided with the biggest corruption bust in the history of modern Russia – the Russian Economy Minister Ulyukaev was taken into custody by the FSB after being caught demanding and accepting a $2 million bribe. Lastly, and perhaps less significantly but just as suddenly and symbolically, Russia has announced that it will no longer participate in the International Criminal Court. 
However, in the humble opinion of this author, the most important fact to note connecting these three events is that they represent huge milestones in the modern history of Russia. One event is on the domestic political and economic level, connecting staff thought to be within the inner circle of the Kremlin specifically with financial corruption. The second is purely military in nature and works to show off the power projection capabilities of the modern Russian military. Thirdly, Russia’s decision to leave the ICC is a huge signal to Russia’s positions in the context of international bodies, up to and including the UN. 
I would like to highlight this point just one more time to make sure that the meaning doesn’t slide by anyone. The government of Russia has just performed the biggest government shake up since the fall of the Soviet Union, with the FSB arresting the ‘untouchable’ Economy Minister from his post and placing him on a very public trial for extorting a very large bribe. Russia have also launched the biggest attack on an enemy military at least since the Second Chechen conflict, which was the major event of the first few years of Putin’s presidency over 17 years ago, and, at most, since Soviet forces left Afghanistan in 1989, 27 years ago. And lastly, Russia has made a very major and unexpected decision to abandon the jurisdictions of the ICC, long known for its adherence to justice and fair verdicts (sarcasm). AT NEARLY EXACTLY THE SAME TIME! 
Is it just me, or does it seem like the planets are aligning here? 
Let’s analyze the first event. Alexei Ulyukaev was accused of extorting a bribe from state-owned oil company Rosneft to tune of $2 million, cold hard cash, and was arrested by investigators (mostly three letter agencies) at night. To top it all off, one official said under condition of anonymity that Ulyukaev’s arrest was the final act in a yearlong investigation by the FSB. Ulyukaev, a member of the Russian government since the break-up of the Soviet Union, has been considered as member of Russia’s liberal, Western-leaning politicians. Of particular interest is Ulyukaev’s CV. 
Ulyukaev has held some critical positions in the modern Russian government, including serving under Gaidar and managing the shock privatizations of Soviet assets (as well as the shock hyperinflation) from 1991-1994. He was a deputy to Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin from 2000-2004 before taking a job as the first vice-chairman of the Russian Central Bank, a position that he held from April 2004 to June 2013. When he was arrested, again, in the middle of the night, he was the acting Economy Minister. 
Ulyukaev was certainly high on the list of those considered to be untouchable. 
Along with Ulyukaev, the vice-governor of Saint Petersburg and some high-ranking officials in the regional government of the Kemerovo region have also been arrested for corruption after investigations by the FSB. 
Various commentary has already surfaced claiming that Putin has turned to the age old Russian tradition of the Purge. Opinion leaders in the community are writing that no ‘chinovnik’ or oligarch could feel that ‘untouchable’ anymore after Ulyukaev’s arrest and that corrupt officials better behave or face the ax. Still others are claiming that Putin is consolidating his power and is preparing to become a dictator in the classic sense. No matter which explanation you prefer, the fact remains that the Russian government is powerfully expressing its political and economic sovereignty and is publicly making a loud statement against corruption. 
The second incident was a comprehensive and simultaneous assault on rebel targets all over Syria in a very short time frame. Targets were struck with a bevy of missiles launched both from sea and by land. One of the most surprising features of this massive campaign is the sheer size and diversity of it. The Bastion system, highlighted as a defensive surface-to-surface missile system, showed off its potent attack power, engaging targets up to 300 miles away. 
IHS Janes reports on the news that Russia is “not known to have previously claimed” that the Bastion, which is originally an anti-ship missile, “has a land attack capability”. It turns out that missile ‘defense’ systems designed to engage land targets, such as the United States Missile Defense systems in Poland and Romania, can easily be used to engage in attacks on land targets. Surprise, surprise. 
However, the brunt of the missile strikes done by Kalibr missiles launched from the Mediterranean Sea, most notably from Russia’s new and improved frigate, the Admiral Grigorovich. In fact, the Russian naval group, led by the aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov, made ‘waves’ in Europe as the group was headed to their final destination, the Syrian coast, from which they launched volley after volley of high precision cruise missiles at targets from what is most likely a confusing medley of rebel groups. It is highly likely that, among the rebel groups which met the explosive end of a Russian cruise missile, some were directly funded by American allies, and less likely that the Russians even targeted groups directly trained or supplied by the CIA. 
This major military move actually kills two birds with one stone. First, it provides Russia’s allies and ‘partners’ in the area with a bit of information about how far and in what quantity the Russian military can project its power. Further, it reveals that the Russians are most likely purposefully understating the power and capabilities of many of their newest technologies (although this should come as a surprise to no one). Also to this point, the Russian government did not ask permission of any international body when it passed through international waters and made its way to Syria, despite the ‘uncomfort’ felt in London. The second stone is that Russia has engaged in one of the most effective and convincing advertising campaigns for their newest export model military products. With loud fanfare, the Russians showed the world that Russian arms still give great bang for the buck. 
The last major move, but, in the view of this author, not nearly as significant as the other two, is Russia’s decision to withdraw its signature from the Rome Statute, which established the International Criminal Court. This move was sudden and symbolic, coming after the ICC ruled Russia’s ‘annexation’ Crimea illegal and called the current situation an ‘occupation’, but will lead to no noticeable change in real terms, since Russia never actually ratified the Rome Statute, meaning that it never submitted itself to the jurisdiction of the ICC to begin with. 
One can write more on the nature and meaning of the withdrawal of Russia from the ICC, but the readers are welcome to find their own facts and form their own opinions. I will also stop short of giving my opinion on this strange set of geopolitical ‘coincidences’, and finish only with a invitation for speculation on what these facts could mean for the future of Russia, Russia’s relationship with Europe and the world, and the global security structure as a whole. The Essential Saker: from the trenches of the emerging multipolar world $27.95 ",0
11194,Cops Begin ILLEGALLY Removing DAPL Protesters From Protected Indian Land — Stolen Through Eminent Domain,"Cops Begin ILLEGALLY Removing DAPL Protesters From Protected Indian Land — Stolen Through Eminent Domain   Counter Current News 
The months-long protests of the Dakota Access Pipeline has just come to a head on Thursday. 
Police and protesters clashed over disputed territory near the pipeline’s path, on Native American tribal land, seized by the government. 
CNN reports the following: 
North Dakota authorities started removing roadblocks protesters set up to demarcate a camp that they say is located on tribal land. 
Protesters set up teepees, tents and other structures on Sunday to set down roots for a “winter camp.” 
But authorities say they are trespassing and brought in police in riot gear to forcibly remove protesters from what they say is private property. 
State authorities called in reinforcements from seven other states to help, North Dakota Department of Emergency Services spokeswoman Cecily Fong said. As of Thursday afternoon, about 100 protesters remained. 
“Protesters escalated unlawful behavior this weekend by setting up illegal roadblocks, trespassing onto private property and establishing an encampment (actions that) forced law enforcement to respond at this time,” Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier stated. 
The conflict between police and protesters originates from the ongoing construction of the 1,172-mile pipeline that will threaten the environment and destroy Native American burial sites, prayer sites and culturally significant artifacts. 
Watch the videos below and help SPREAD THE WORD! 
(Article by M. David)",0
11195,Jerry Springer: Bannon ’Wants America To Be Basically Christian and White’ - Breitbart,".@jerryspringer on how Steve Bannon apparently wants to make American a white Christian nation. Do you agree? #AMJoy https:  .  Sunday, on MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” talk show host Jerry Springer suggested that White House Chief Strategist and former Breitbart News chairman Steve Bannon “has a philosophical goal” to “do away with a multicultural America,” which is why he and President Donald Trump go after the courts and the media.  “Bannon has a philosophical goal, and that is, as I said before, to do away with a multicultural America. He wants America to be basically Christian and white. So keep out the Mexicans, keep out the Muslims, etc. ,” Springer explained. The “Jerry Springer Show” host also said Twitter is like a “drug” for the president. “[Trump] can’t get the mainstream media, because obviously, they won’t respect him,” Springer added. “So, therefore, he goes to the things he can control. That’s the tabloid journalism or the Twitter account. So, Trump gets his drug, and Bannon gets the goal of doing away with mainstream media. ” Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo",0
11196,U.F.C. Sells Itself for $4 Billion - The New York Times,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   Ultimate Fighting Championship seemed for years to be a curio, a niche sport for those interested in seeing combatants pummel one another in an octagonal cage. But U. F. C. has become a global sports empire  —   and now commands an   price tag. The league, which promotes mixed martial arts, is expected to announce as soon as Monday that it has sold itself to a group led by the talent giant   for about $4 billion, according to people with direct knowledge of the matter. Backing the deal are the private equity heavyweights Silver Lake, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, and the investment firm of the billionaire Michael S. Dell. The deal highlights the power and reach of the    U. F. C. whose fights are now shown in more than 156 countries and take place in all 50 states, and which claims millennials as some 45 percent of its audience. For its new owners, the league represents a prime source of content, particularly in the digital arena. Beyond its headline fights, which the company asserts are the   events on    TV, U. F. C. over all generates roughly 2, 000 hours’ worth of material each year, much of it available on its Fight Pass streaming service. The transaction comes just as U. F. C. concluded its latest series of fights, perhaps the biggest in the organization’s history. (The event, U. F. C. 200, drew more than 18, 000 fans to Las Vegas but was marred by some controversy, including the absence of stars like Ronda Rousey, Conor McGregor and Jon Jones, the last of whom was removed after testing positive for an undisclosed substance. It will be a windfall for U. F. C. ’s primary owners, the longtime casino entrepreneurs Frank and Lorenzo Fertitta, though they will stay on as minority investors. The brothers bought U. F. C. in 2000 for just $2 million at a low point for the league, after the promoter spent years and millions of dollars battling to win approval from state athletic commissions. Before the arrival of the Fertittas, U. F. C. had begun climbing in popularity, thanks to early stars like Royce Gracie and Ken Shamrock and a reputation for being just shy of civilized. But opposition loomed from Senator John McCain of Arizona, who derided the sport as “human cockfighting,” and former Governor George E. Pataki of New York, who banned the sport from the state. The early years under the brothers  —   who run the business through a company called Zuffa, the Italian word for “fight”  —   were still tough, with   losses weighing over the enterprise. But the Fertittas took the brand to a new level, with more advertising, more effective social media marketing and better distribution through partnerships like the one with Fox. Licensing money for video games, clothes and more began to roll in. U. F. C. ’s revenue was about $600 million last year. Respectability came along with rules meant to curb the excesses of early fights and getting approval from each state’s athletic commission. The last came this year, when New York lifted its ban on the sport. And   television programming like “The Ultimate Fighter” reality show elevated U. F. C. ’s presence in pop culture, turning athletes like Chuck Liddell and Randy Couture into mainstream stars. Combatants began appearing on ESPN and in the pages of Sports Illustrated. Successive generations of fighters, particularly Ms. Rousey, became even bigger celebrities. U. F. C. has demonstrated enormous digital reach as well, particularly after the introduction of U. F. C. Fight Pass streaming service in late 2013. Under the Fertittas, U. F. C. also swallowed up many of its competitors while pushing aggressively abroad, establishing beachheads in Europe, Asia and Australia. As part of that international campaign, Zuffa sold a minority stake in the promoter to an arm of the Abu Dhabi government six years ago. Not all has been rosy for U. F. C. however. The league has faced accusations that it underpays many of its athletes. And it remains dogged by concerns about the brutality of some of its fights. Along the way, the Fertittas, burly fighting enthusiasts who are bound to settle business disputes with a jujitsu match, have already earned themselves a fortune and amassed   art collections. Rumors about a sale of U. F. C. in a   deal have percolated since the spring. In May, the company flatly denied being up for sale. Its president, Dana White, said, “We’re not for sale,” though he conceded, “But let me tell you what. If somebody shows up with $4 billion, we can talk. ” As recently as last week, Lorenzo Fertitta and Mr. White denied that they had sold the business. “We own the U. F. C. We did not sell the U. F. C. ,” Mr. White told The Los Angeles Times on Tuesday. (That’s true: The two sides signed the deal agreement over the weekend.) Such is the popularity of the company that it drew interest from a number of suitors, including big Chinese media players that reportedly included the Dalian Wanda Group, which owns the AMC theater chain, and China Media Capital, which owns stakes in pro sports teams like the Manchester City soccer club. But it was   which already represents stars like Ms. Rousey in media rights and has represented U. F. C. itself, that emerged victorious. For the Hollywood colossus, which is led by Ari Emanuel and Patrick Whitesell, acquiring U. F. C. is the latest step in creating a huge stable meant to command digital media. The agency has gained financial firepower for such deals, taking investments this year from the Japanese telecommunications giant SoftBank and the mutual fund titan Fidelity.   has already taken steps into the sports world, buying the Professional Bull Riders league last year. Still, U. F. C. is a much bigger step in the agency’s goal to become a platform for content, to which it can apply a host of levers  —   from marketing to talent management to television and digital distribution. Though   represents Ms. Rousey and other combatants in their endorsements and movie deals, the agency will not get involved in the actual pay negotiations with athletes, according to the people with direct knowledge of the matter. Backing the agency are Silver Lake, which led the merger of WME and IMG nearly three years ago and which has long pushed portfolio companies to become bigger through acquisitions, and K. K. R. which has often worked with Silver Lake on major investments like the takeovers of GoDaddy and the chip maker Avago. Both firms will own minority stakes in U. F. C. Mr. Dell has been allied with Silver Lake since the investment firm helped him take his computer empire private in 2013, and then aided him in buying the data storage company EMC last year in what was the   takeover in technology. Mr. Dell’s firm, MSD Capital, will own preferred shares in the sports league, which will essentially pay out interest.",0
11197,Телемедицина — лечебный прорыв или фикция?,"Здоровье » Здоровье и профилактика Гос д ум е предстоит рассмотреть законопроект о телемедицине . В каких случаях врачам следует разрешить консультировать пациента дистанционно? Можно ли ставить диагноз на расстоянии? Что сейчас препятствует развитию телемедицины в России? Об этом в прямом эфире видеостудии Pravda.Ru рассказал член правления Общества врачей России Айрат Ханов. 0 комментариев 0 поделились Фото: Fotodom.ru/DP 
— Каковы аргументы ""за"" и ""против"" телемедицины ? Что медики понимают под телемедициной, и не расходится ли это понимание с тем, что представляют себе авторы законопроектов? 
— Если придерживаться буквы определения, то телемедицина — это дистанционные медицинские услуги. По факту, практически каждый врач и многие из граждан нашей страны телемедицинскими услугами пользуются уже много лет. Телефонные консультации, например, — это также телемедицина, потому что врач на расстоянии по телефону дает рекомендации пациенту. Например, врач может увеличить дозу препарата, заменить его на другой препарат или же пригласить больного к себе на прием. 
Медицина развивается в связи с тем, что появляются современные средства передачи любой информации — визуальной, письменной и так далее. Ведь интернет развивается. 
В настоящее время во всем мире телемедицина движется вперед уже большими темпами. И как нам показывают цифры зарубежных источников, там при этом экономят до 40 процентов средств на медицинских услугах. К сожалению, у нас пока это все хотя и не запрещено, но и не разрешено, не прописано законодательно. 
— Медикам действительно нужно, чтобы это явление узаконили? Или, в принципе, как они работали без этого, так и будут нормально работать? 
— Я думаю, что нужно, чтобы это узаконили. 
— А почему? 
— Потому что в медицинском процессе участвуют два человека, две стороны: врач и пациент. И в этой ситуации важно сделать новое максимально удобным , чтобы это облегчало работу врача, улучшало ее и было удобно для пациента. Без этого могут возникнуть юридические проблемы. 
Например, когда пациент что-то не так поймет, сам сделает что-то не так, как врач прописал, и из-за этого будут какие-то осложнения, потом он может предъявить врачу юридические претензии. И вот тут возникает проблема, потому что у нас телемедицина не регламентирована. 
— То есть может иметь значение, что рекомендация была дана по телефону или по интернету? А если бы сидели офлайн, претензий бы не было? 
— Да, потому что информация может исказиться по ходу донесения. Не так услышал, не так понял. 
— Но это же может это и в очном разговоре случиться? 
— Конечно, но это будет рассматриваться в юридических органах на основе регламентирующих документов, законов. А если порядок не прописан, то сложностей для всех возникнет намного больше. Сейчас в России, согласно законодательству, по лицензионным требованиям медицинская услуга должна оказываться по месту действия лицензии, то есть вот только в этом здании, даже не в соседнем. 
— В каких случаях может применяться телемедицина без ущерба для качества лечения? 
— Телемедицина нужна, конечно, в первую очередь, для приближения медицинской помощи. Если где-то населенный пункт расположен за 500-700 километров от центральной районной больницы, нет медицинского работника рядом, — чтобы до него добраться, нужны сутки или двое. А если есть связь — телефонная или интернет, — и человеку страждущему нужно оказать помощь именно сейчас, телемедицина может сильно помочь, приблизить лечение. 
Во-вторых, телемедицина нужна, когда нужно решить медицинские вопросы между врачом и пациентом уже, например, для уточнения каких-то позиций — результатов анализов или корректировки назначения лечения. Бывает также, что иногда пациенты едут за сотни километров, чтобы получить от врача одноминутную консультацию, хотя сейчас ее легко можно получить по телефону или через интернет. Через современные телемедицинские системы в письменном виде на сайте это сделать особенно легко и удобно. 
— Но врачу, что бы минуту уделить пациенту очно, по интернету или телефону, все равно нужно эту минуту выделить. То есть здесь получается проблема — не нагрузят ли врачей, если им теперь дополнительно онлайн консультировать? Где им взять еще время? 
— Вот как раз закон и нужен для того, чтобы наш Фонд обязательного медицинского страхования прописал в перечне услуг эту статью — телемедицинская консультация и за нее финансировал лечебные учреждения. Нужен закон. Если визит повторный, уточняющий, почему бы, если пациент находится где-то далеко, не использовать возможности телемедицины? Тогда можно сэкономить на времени пациента и врача. И тогда врач в сэкономленное время может принять другого больного. Кстати, в мировой практике очень много приборов, подсоединенных к телемедицинским портам. 
— Какие это дает возможности? 
— Во-первых, можно снять кардиограмму, отправить ее врачу за тысячу километров, где он может расшифровать кардиограмму и прислать свои советы. Можно прибором, который присоединен к специализированному порталу, измерить сахар в крови. Можно измерить артериальное давление, пульс, пульсосимметрию сделать… 
И в мире уже есть тысячи различных приборов, которые прикрепляются к телу и могут измерять показатели круглые сутки. 
— А у нас как дело с этим обстоит? Насколько мы отстаем от Запада? 
— Мы отстаем именно потому, что у нас нет соответствующего закона, нет систематизации этих вопросов. К сожалению, в этом направлении движения мы немного отстаем и по приборной базе, по программным продуктам, но закон дал бы толчок к ускорению этих процессов. 
Беседовала Лейла Мамедова 
Подготовил к публикации Юрий Кондратьев Телемедицина – лечебный прорыв или фикция?",0
11198,33 Suspected of Overdosing on Synthetic Marijuana in Brooklyn - The New York Times,"There is a word that local residents and workers use to describe a group of drug users whose presence they say has grown around a busy Brooklyn transit hub: zombies. What was once a few familiar faces has turned into a tribe of strangers, walking around, staggering and looking lost, in the throes, it is believed, of the ill effects of K2, a synthetic drug that officials in New York have been working hard to eradicate. The problem in the neighborhood has gotten to be such that a manager of an urban farm nearby, tired of the smoke wafting onto the property, posted two   wooden signs with a simple message: “No Smoking K2. ” On Tuesday, the longstanding problem became a local crisis on this gritty patch, on the border of two developing neighborhoods,   and Bushwick. In the area around the subway station at Myrtle Avenue and Broadway, emergency workers transported 33 people who were suspected of overdosing on K2 to hospitals, the police said. The powerful drug, also known as Spice or synthetic marijuana, has grown in popularity in recent years despite public warnings. Eight people were taken from the Stockton Street area to Woodhull Medical Center suffering from “altered mental states,” lethargy and respiratory issues around 9:40 a. m. a spokesman for the Fire Department said. Others were found in the surrounding area. “It’s like a scene out of a zombie movie, a horrible scene,” said Brian Arthur, 38, who watched three people collapse as he made his way to work in the morning and began   the episode on Facebook. “This drug truly paralyzed people. ” (Watch the video. Contains vulgar language.) Even hours after the first call came in, a few erratic people could still be seen staggering around the streets under the train tracks. Some fought back against gravity by bracing their arms on parked cars or light poles. A few toppled to the ground. A video that Mr. Arthur streamed on Facebook captured responders helping an unsteady man into an ambulance nearby, another slumped soporifically against a fire hydrant. Pairs of police officers walked the blocks around Broadway and Myrtle Avenue, checking the vital signs of men they found unconscious. Anyone who was unresponsive was loaded onto a stretcher and taken away in an ambulance. K2 has been around for many years, but its pervasiveness and popularity with homeless people caused health officials to warn of a public health crisis last summer. In 2015, New York City had more than 6, 000 emergency room visits involving the drug and two deaths, according to the health department. After months of raids and arrests, and new legislation in the fall that banned synthetic cannabinoids and threatened businesses and owners who sold K2 with closings, hefty fines and jail time, officials announced an 85 percent reduction in   emergency room visits in May. Social service providers, however, have said that enforcement in some areas has simply caused some sellers and buyers to move to different communities. Regulars of the area around the transit hub say the use of K2 has bloomed into a larger problem in the last two to three months. “You can smell it,” said Jason Reis, 34, the manager of the Bushwick City Farm, who posted signs in front of the urban green space about a week ago. “The way people are acting. They smoke it openly. And you can see them rolling it. ” Mr. Reis described an influx of people roaming the side streets around the subway station, particularly the quiet Stockton Street block where the farm is located, sitting on benches and stoops or in front of stores, rolling and smoking K2 cigarettes, leaving trash and empty K2 packets with their garish exteriors behind, and even urinating and defecating in public. Mr. Reis said he placed the signs out of concern for the children who frequent the farm to garden and play basketball. “We were just getting a little fed up with it,” he said. The police said they had recently targeted the area for arrests and seizures of K2. Residents said the drug used to be available at convenience stores in the area, but is no longer visible on shelves. City Councilman Robert E. Cornegy Jr. who represents part of the area, said that he had heard from constituents about people “bugging out” and making drug sales as they waited for buses or trains. Dealers, he said, use the bustling intersection, which is shaded by the overhead subway tracks, to provide cover for their illicit activity. “You can assimilate into the hustle and bustle, and that’s part of the problem,” Mr. Cornegy, a Democrat, said. “It’s very difficult to track certain behaviors in an area like that without overpolicing, which nobody wants. ” Nury Rodriguez, 55, a hairstylist at A Cut Above, on Stockton Street, said she had grown accustomed to the group of men congregating on the street in the morning. Usually they loiter and smoke all day. Some “act crazy,” she said. On Tuesday morning, she was surprised to see a few falling to the ground. “It’s very scary because you never see something like that,” Ms. Rodriguez said. “They look like they’re going to die. They can’t help themselves. ”",0
11199,"George Michael Died of Heart Condition, Coroner Says - The New York Times","LONDON  —   George Michael, the English   who became a pop legend in the 1980s and ’90s and who was found dead on Christmas Day, died of a heart condition, according to a coroner’s statement released on Tuesday. Darren Salter, the senior coroner for Oxfordshire County, said Mr. Michael, 53, died at his home in    of natural causes: dilated cardiomyopathy with myocarditis and fatty liver. Dilated cardiomyopathy develops when the heart’s ventricles enlarge and weaken, a process that usually starts in the left ventricle. The weakening of the heart’s chambers causes the heart muscle to work harder, and over time that reduces its ability to pump blood. Myocarditis is inflammation of the heart muscle. Fat buildup in the liver can be caused by drinking alcohol, but there is also a common nonalcoholic variant that is related to being overweight or obese. Mr. Michael had a history of hard living: In 2007 he was sentenced to community service and barred from driving for two years after he was found asleep behind the wheel of a car while under the influence of drugs. The following year, he was arrested on suspicion of possessing crack cocaine. Mr. Salter’s statement did not specify the cause of the fat building in the liver. Because the death was natural, “the investigation is being discontinued and there is no need for an inquest or any further enquiries,” Mr. Salter said in a statement. “No further updates will be provided and the family requests the media and public respect their privacy. ” Mr. Michael, who was born in London to a British mother and a Greek Cypriot father, started the group Wham! with a high school friend, Andrew Ridgeley. The pair became household names with the 1984 single “Wake Me Up Before You  . ” They split up in 1986, and Mr. Michael began a solo career with his album “Faith,” released in 1987. His final studio album featuring new songs was “Patience” in 2004. On Monday, Mr. Michael was celebrated at Paris Fashion Week when the designer Stella McCartney closed her show with a procession of models dancing to his song “Faith” and chanting the words “love” and “faith. ” Mr. Michael had famously cast five supermodels who had appeared together on the cover of British Vogue  —   Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista, Christy Turlington, Cindy Crawford and Tatjana Patitz  —   in the David   video for his 1990 song “Freedom! ’90. ”",0
11200,Tillerson: Russia Must Choose Between Assad and the U.S. - Breitbart,"LUCCA, Italy (AP)  —   U. S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson issued an ultimatum to Russia on Tuesday: Side with the U. S. and likeminded countries on Syria, or embrace Iran, militant group Hezbollah and embattled Syrian leader Bashar Assad. [As he embarked on a trip to Moscow following urgent meetings in Italy with top diplomats, Tillerson said it was unclear whether Russia had failed to take seriously its obligation to rid Syria of chemical weapons, or had merely been incompetent. But he said the distinction “doesn’t much matter to the dead. ”  “We cannot let this happen again,” the secretary of state said. “We want to relieve the suffering of the Syrian people. Russia can be a part of that future and play an important role,” Tillerson added in remarks to reporters. “Or Russia can maintain its alliance with this group, which we believe is not going to serve Russia’s interests longer term. ” Since the U. S. launched airstrikes against Assad’s forces in retaliation for a chemical attack on civilians last week, Trump administration officials have offered mixed messages about whether Washington believes Assad definitely must surrender power  —   and when. Tillerson said it was clear the U. S. saw no role for Assad in Syria’s future, given that he had lost legitimacy. “It is clear to all of us that the reign of the Assad family is coming to an end,” he said. “But the question of how that ends and the transition itself could be very important in our view to the durability, the stability inside of a unified Syria. ” “That’s why we are not presupposing how that occurs,” Tillerson added. He said the   talks that Russia and Iran have helped broker in the Kazakh capital, Astana, could generate momentum toward broader talks about a political transition  —   if the Astana talks succeed in creating a durable  . The resulting political talks would take place under the auspices of the United Nations process in Geneva. “To date, Astana has not achieved much progress,” Tillerson said. Tillerson spoke after a meeting of the “likeminded” countries was hastily arranged on the sidelines of the summit of the Group of Seven industrialized economies in Italy, days after the U. S. for the first time launched airstrikes against Assad’s forces. A key focus since the chemical attack has been on increasing pressure on Russia, Assad’s strongest ally, which has used its own military to keep Assad in power. The U. S. and others have said that Russia bears responsibility for the deaths of civilians at the hands of Assad given Moscow’s role in guaranteeing the 2013 deal in which Assad was supposed to have given up his chemical weapons arsenal. The U. S. raised the stakes significantly on Monday when a senior U. S. official said Washington has made a preliminary conclusion that Russia knew in advance of Syria’s chemical weapons attack. Yet the U. S. has no proof of Moscow’s involvement, said the official, who wasn’t authorized to speak publicly on intelligence matters and demanded anonymity. That accusation will hang over Tillerson’s visit to Moscow, where he plans with meet with Russia’s foreign minister, Sergey Lavrov, and possibly with Russian President Vladimir Putin. The Kremlin declined to say whether Putin would meet with Tillerson, in line with its usual practice of not announcing such meetings ahead of time. The United States has sought to minimize expectations for the trip or the likelihood that the U. S. will leave with any concessions from Russia regarding its support for Assad. Instead, the U. S. is hoping to use the visit  —   the first by a Trump Cabinet official to Russia  —   to convey its expectations to Moscow and then allow the Russians a period of time to respond. Though intended to punish Assad for a chemical weapons attack, the U. S. strikes last week served to refocus the world’s attention on the bloody war in Syria, now in its seventh year. Diplomats gathered in Italy as U. S. officials in Washington floated the possibility of new sanctions on the Syrian and Russian military, plus the threat of additional U. S. military action if Assad’s government continues attacking civilians. At Tuesday’s meeting in the walled Tuscan city of Lucca, the   countries were joined by diplomats from   nations including Jordan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and the United Arab Emirates. The inclusion of those countries is important because the U. S. strategy for Syria involves enlisting help from Mideast nations to ensure security and stability in Syria after the Islamic State group is vanquished.",0
11201,The Elites’ Union must Die | Katehon think tank. Geopolitics & Tradition,"Eliseo Bertolasi 
The European Union which exists now is not a union of nations, but is a union of the elites, and banks, which work only for the economy. It is not a Europe of nations, of course. 
Indeed, there are some movements in Europe that understood this situation, and they have reacted. We can see what happened in Great Britain with Brexit. We know that Europe, even Italy and France, have such parties and movements which are radically against the European Union. 
I’m certain that if Europe will arrange a referendum on staying or leaving the EU, the result would be “leaving.” It would be the decision of European nations. That’s why I believe that even thoughts on such a referendum (“for” or “against” the EU) are actually forbidden, as they know of our decision, our movement. 
Of course, it is possible to destroy the EU. This would be possible even within the European Union. This must be done not by other countries, but must be our own decision as nations are supported by those movements whose members are called Eurosceptics. People would choose another direction. 
I’m certain that such movements are likely to continue to exist, and I believe that they will be only stronger in the next year, as European nations have realized our destiny and our future. Thus, the elites are actively against this process. 
I believe and I’m certain that we should build relations with Russia. Russia is a country that is situated on the same continent as us. We are all Eurasia. In my opinion, this will be part of such a question. Related links ",0
11202,"Trump, Promising Arms Race, Could Set World on Uncertain Path - The New York Times","If   Donald J. Trump meant what he said, then the world may one day look back to recall that the first superpower nuclear arms race since the Cold War was announced by two   talk show hosts. “Let it be an arms race. We will outmatch them at every pass and outlast them all,” Mika Brzezinski, of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” program, said on Friday. She and her   curled up in   nightwear in front of a fake fireplace, said the quote was a statement from Mr. Trump, elaborating on a Twitter message on nuclear weapons. Mr. Trump has a history of bluster and his declarations may turn out to be bluffs. But should he follow through on instigating a nuclear arms race, the consequences could be severe. Best estimates of likely Russian and Chinese responses offer a concerning guide. So do lessons from the Cold War arms race, which brought the world so close to the brink that   American and Soviet adversaries worked to reverse the competition they had once seen as essential. Nuclear arms races are not usually something that states set out to provoke, but are pulled into against their wills. In the Cold War, the United States and the Soviet Union saw themselves as reacting to one another, straining to maintain a strategic balance that would deter war or at least make it survivable. Winston Churchill remarked in 1954 that more warheads could accomplish little more than to “make the rubble bounce. ” But this quote reflects a   misunderstanding: that the arms race was a simple matter of accruing warheads. In fact, it was far more dangerous, with   stockpiles merely reflecting complex    advances. For instance, one country might develop weapons that could deliver warheads more rapidly, which would require the other to shorten its response time and build redundant, retaliatory weapons. While “arms race” describes the sets of policies that helped make the Cold War so dangerous, arms racing was not in itself policy. Rather, it was a    —   and    —   byproduct of American and Soviet aims. Leaders on both sides wanted to avoid losing, but none saw the race as desirable. The exception, Ronald Reagan, entered office in 1981 determined to win the Cold War in part by outstripping the Soviet Union on nuclear arms. But after a few years of tightening response times and   incidents, he became the most enthusiastic proponent of nuclear disarmament to occupy the Oval Office. Though some Americans believe the arms race won the Cold War, as Mr. Reagan had initially hoped, the two sides ended their competition willingly  —   and a few years before internal political and economic forces would pull down the Soviet Union from within. Mr. Reagan and the Soviet leader, Mikhail Gorbachev, sought total disarmament at a 1986 summit meeting. Unable to agree on terms, they settled for an ongoing drawdown of nuclear forces, reversing the arms race. Such reductions have continued since, codified in treaties such as the 2010 New Start agreement, which Mr. Trump’s policy would likely undo. In his Twitter post on Thursday announcing that policy, Mr. Trump said his goal was that “the world comes to its senses regarding nukes. ” It is not clear what that means. But whatever his intention, analysts say that Mr. Trump’s stated desire to provoke an arms race does have a foreseeable range of outcomes. The two countries most likely to respond are Russia, whose nuclear arsenal is comparable to that of the United States, and China, which has a far smaller program. Though each has a slightly different goal, both design their programs to counterbalance the United States, and will therefore calibrate to keep pace with any American advances. But analysts warn that, in part because the United States is already so much more powerful in conventional terms, Russia and China may feel forced to take actions that are destabilizing and put all parties at risk. Since the end of the Cold War, Moscow has seen nuclear parity with the United States as its last  —   perhaps only  —   guarantee of survival against a far stronger Western alliance it perceives as an existential threat. Falling behind would, in Moscow’s view, invite Russia’s destruction. Though Russia’s economy is a fraction the size of America’s, it has kept up. Should it find parity too costly, Moscow would likely compensate by expending another kind of currency: its willingness to accept nuclear risk. This would be aimed at strengthening Russian deterrence against any American threat. For instance, Russia might deploy more   Iskander missiles to Kaliningrad, a Russian enclave located between Poland and Lithuania. Such missiles can reach European capitals in a matter of minutes and, because they are fired from special vehicles, can be difficult to knock out. Vladimir V. Putin, the Russian president, could also loosen restrictions on the use of nuclear weapons. Some analysts already believe that Russian military doctrine allows for the use of a single “ ” nuclear strike, in case of a conventional war, to force the other side to stand down. Such policies put a greater onus on the United States to reduce risk, compensating for any relative Russian weakness. Beijing’s nuclear aims are less ambitious: to retain just enough ability that, should the United States attack first, it can fire a few nuclear weapons in retaliation. Should Mr. Trump advance American nuclear abilities  —   even if this is aimed principally at Russia  —   China will fear that an American first strike could wipe out its warheads. This would render China’s nuclear deterrent effectively obsolete, all but forcing it to compensate. Vipin Narang, a nuclear weapons expert at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, said China would build up its own abilities, but worried that it would seek a quicker fix as well. China might preload nuclear warheads onto missiles to shorten its response time, Mr. Narang suggested. Or it could hide missiles in hardened locations, like tunnels. It might consider adopting Pakistan’s practice of putting warheads in unmarked vans and driving them around the country, in a   road trip, to keep them safe from attack. China could also decide to abandon its policy against the first use of nuclear weapons in any conflict “because they could not afford to go second,” Mr. Narang said. Mr. Narang emphasized that such steps would increase the risk of an accident or miscalculation that, while remote, could be catastrophic. Of Mr. Trump’s intentions and their likely impact in Beijing and Moscow, Mr. Narang said, “It’s a scary new world if he’s serious about, and trying to trigger, an arms race with either or both. ” Paul C. Warnke, a senior Pentagon official in the Cold War’s early years, concluded that their mutual buildups were less like a race than two runners on adjacent treadmills. “The only victory the arms race has to offer,” he wrote in 1975, was to “be first off the treadmill. ” Mr. Warnke’s view was controversial at the time, but later became accepted even by many dedicated Cold Warriors. The early 1980s had seen near misses that had brought the world intolerably close to the edge. In 1983, for instance, a Soviet   system detected an incoming American nuclear attack. It happened to be a moment of high tension in which the Kremlin had feared a   strike. Because of missile advances that had come as part of the arms race, the Soviets had only 23 minutes to respond before the missiles would land  —   not enough time to   equipment, much less negotiate with Washington. The arms race also dictated that the Soviet Union respond with overwhelming retaliation against the United States, to quickly neutralize any further threat. The Soviet officer in charge of the   station could see no evidence of a false alarm, but told his superiors that it was. His guess, proved correct, may have saved the world. Though the episode would not become public for years, Mr. Reagan wrote in his memoirs that another war scare, which occurred that same month when Soviet forces shot down a South Korean airliner that had wandered into Soviet airspace, “demonstrated how close the world had come to the precipice and how much we needed nuclear arms control. ” Mr. Reagan principally turned against the arms race because of its dangers, but others came to oppose it for the simple reason that, after decades and billions or perhaps trillions of dollars, it had failed to accomplish victory. “Building nukes to get others to stop historically has had the same effect as telling everyone in an email storm to cease using ‘Reply All,’ ” Joshua H. Pollack, an expert at the James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies, joked on Twitter. Mr. Pollack added, “There is no last, winning move when it comes to arms racing. ” The first response came from Cheryl Rofer, a retired nuclear scientist at the Los Alamos National Research Laboratory: “But there is a last move. ”",0
11204,The Alignment Between These Ancient Sites Will Blow Your Mind,"The Alignment Between These Ancient Sites Will Blow Your Mind Did you know that ancient sites like Easter Island, Nazca, Ollantaytambo, Paratoari, Tassili n’Ajjer... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/the-alignment-between-these-ancient.html Did you know that ancient sites like Easter Island, Nazca, Ollantaytambo, Paratoari, Tassili n’Ajjer and the Pyramids of Giza are all aligned on a single great circle? There is a mind-boggling connection among ancient structures that is indicative of a far greater meaning than we were aware of. There have been numerous theories that ancient structures around the globe were specifically positioned by its ancient builder’s thousands of years ago. Perhaps one of the best examples — according to many — is the Great Pyramid of Giza and its curious position on Earth.For those of you who didn’t know, the Great Pyramid of Giza is the most accurately aligned structure in existence and faces true north with only 3/60th of a degree of error. Furthermore, the weight of the pyramid is estimated at 5,955,000 tons. Multiplied by 10^8 gives a reasonable estimate of the earth’s mass. As you can see, ancient structures were built with a mind-boggling precision.But the Pyramids at the Giza plateau do not stand solitary on Earth. In fact, there are countless other sites that seem to be connected somehow. If you take a look at other ancient sites like the Nazca Lines, Machu Picchu, Easter Island, Mohenjo Daro, and Tassili n’Ajjer among others and draw down their position on a map, you will notice a connection that points perhaps towards an ancient ‘code’ embedded within these structures.As is noted by world-mysteries.com, ancient sites like Giza, Siwa, Tassili n’Ajjer, Paratoari, Ollantaytambo, Machupicchu, Nazca, Easter Island, Aneityum Island, Preah Vihear, Sukhothai, Pyay, Khajuraho, Mohenjo Daro, Persepolis, Ur, Petra are shown clockwise from Giza on the equal azimuthal projection. The projection is centered on the axis point in southeastern Alaska. Distances to any location from the center of an equal azimuthal projection are equally scaled. Since all of the sites on the great circle alignment are equally distant from the axis point at one-quarter of the circumference of the earth, the alignment forms a perfect circle halfway between the center and the outer edge of the projection. Check out the cover image (above) to understand the complexity of this mysterious alignment. Jim Alison goes on to explain even further in a very intriguing chart: The chart below lists the distance of each site from the great circle and the distance of each site from the northern axis point. There are slight variations in the distance from the axis point to the great circle depending on whether the route from the axis point to different locations along the great circle crosses over the equator or Polar Regions. The mean distance from the axis point to the great circle is 6,218 miles. Furthermore, the alignment of these sites is easily observable on a globe of the Earth with a horizon ring. If you line up any two of these sites on the horizon ring, all of the sites will be right on the horizon ring:Start on the Equator, at the mouth of the Amazon River, at 49° 17′ West Longitude; go to 30° 18′ North Latitude, 40° 43′ East Longitude, in the Middle East, which is the maximum latitude the line touches; then go to the Equator at 130° 43′ East Longitude, near the Northwest tip of New Guinea; then to 30° 18′ South Latitude, 139° 17′ West Longitude, in the South Pacific; and then back to 49° 17′ West Longitude, at the Equator. As you can see, there seems to be a connection among all of the above structures that form — to the surprise of many — a massive circle encompassing all major archaeological site son planet Earth. How this is possible remains a profound enigma. Source and references:",0
11205,Whom to Trust: Why We Persistently Get It Wrong,"by Yves Smith 
By Jeffrey Butler, Assistant Professor, Louisiana State University; Paola Giuliano, Associate Professor of Economics at the UCLA-Anderson School of Management; and Luigi Guiso Axa Professor of Household Finance, Einaudi Institute for Economics and Finance. Originally published at VoxEU 
Assessing the trustworthiness of others is a ubiquitous and fundamental process. If these trustworthiness assessments translate into trusting behaviour , understanding how ‘trust beliefs’ are formed is consequential. The current US presidential election may hinge on voter assessments of the trustworthiness of candidates. The victims of the US investment fraudster Bernie Madoff are reminders of the potentially severe financial consequences of misallocated trust. 
Kenneth Arrow (1972) famously asserted that trust is a prerequisite for most economic activity. A large and lively body of research in economics focuses on trust and its aggregate economic consequences, documenting strong relationships between general levels of trust between nations and everything from GDP growth to cross-country trade patterns (Knack and Zak 2001, Knack and Keefer 1996, Guiso et al. 2004, Tabellini 2008, Algan and Cahuc 2010, Guiso et al. 2009). 
Despite the economic importance of trust, surprisingly little is known about what causes us to trust others. Although previous research suggests that both pecuniary and non-pecuniary factors (‘betrayal’ or ‘control’) play a role, it is not clear which non-pecuniary factors are particularly important or persistent, or precisely how these factors affect trust (Bohnet and Zeckhauser 2004, Cox 2004, Ashraf et al. 2006, Bohnet et al. 2008, Butler and Miller 2015, Bolton et al. 2016). 
Furthermore, while common sense dictates one determinant of trust must be trust beliefs, even less is known about what shapes these beliefs or their relationship, if any, with trusting behaviour. 
Moral Determinants of Trust and Trust Beliefs 
Our research is beginning to fill this gap. We use experimental evidence from the so-called ‘trust game’ to shed light on the determinants of trust and trust beliefs. In this game, one person (the ‘sender’) sends money to another person (the ‘receiver’). The amount is increased when the receiver gets it. In turn, the receiver can return all, some or none to the sender. Because receivers are unconstrained in their decisions, senders’ choices can plausibly be interpreted as trusting behaviour. 
Our results shed light on how, and to what extent, moral concerns drive trust. Building on previous research that found scope for non-pecuniary concerns, in Butler et al. (2016a) we elicit participants’ subjective, individual notions of what constitutes ‘cheating’ in the context of a trust game experiment, and relate this to their behaviour in the same game. 
We find a large direct impact of moral concerns. While expected monetary returns play a large role in senders’ decisions to trust, we estimate that the likelihood of ending up feeling cheated also significantly influences trusting behaviour. Surprisingly, the influence of moral concerns on how much individuals trust is comparable in magnitude to risk aversion, a more widely acknowledged determinant of this trust/investment decision. 
Notions of Cheating 
Having documented that moral considerations are an important direct determinant of trust, we also found indirect channels through which moral concerns may affect trusting behaviour. One such channel operates through senders’ trust beliefs. We found that receivers try to not leave their (anonymous) co-players feeling cheated. Since there is no consensus on what cheating entails – we find wide variation in definitions of cheating, the patterns of which are interesting in their own right – this requires receivers to guess what senders would consider to be ‘cheating’. 
How do they guess? Our evidence suggests that receivers’ belief in what the senders would consider as cheating is strongly correlated with how receivers themselves define cheating. This is a pattern consistent with the psychological phenomenon of ‘false consensus’ (Ross et al. 1977) in which we tend to think that others are like us. 
Astoundingly, we find that senders apparently anticipate this thought process. We uncover a strong positive relationship between senders’ own cheating definitions and how much money senders believe receivers will return to them. 
Since moral considerations, as manifested by subjective cheating definitions, play a strong direct and indirect role in trusting behaviour, the obvious question arises: where do these definitions come from? Our study suggests that cheating notions are affected by values instilled by parents. We surveyed participants about the values their parents taught them during their upbringing, and classified the list into two categories: Pro-social values, such as altruism and cooperation Pro-competitive values, such as striving to be better than others 
We find that pro-competitive values are strongly associated with higher cheating definitions – that is, needing higher monetary returns in order to not feel cheated – while pro-social values substantially relax, or lower, cheating definitions. 
Real-World Implications of Experimental Findings 
Are there any real-world implications for these experimental findings about trust? If trust beliefs drive trust behaviour, trust behaviour is important for economic success. Moreover, if some individuals hold persistently mistaken trust beliefs, then these mistaken beliefs may create substantial economic losses. 
The relationship between parentally instilled values and, ultimately, trust beliefs may be one source of persistently mistaken beliefs. A reduced-form channel may be false consensus. For instance, trustworthy individuals may believe that others are more trustworthy than they actually are – and, to the extent that false consensus operates on a subconscious level, its distorting effect on beliefs may not be eradicated by evidence. 
Consistent with either of these channels, in related research we document substantial economic losses at the individual level associated with mistaken trust beliefs in large-scale survey data (Butler et al. 2016b). The income losses we can attribute to mistaken trust beliefs are in the same order of magnitude as those associated with not going to college. We replicate this relationship between mistaken trust beliefs and earnings losses in an experimental trust game, where we also find a substantial role for parentally instilled values, and false consensus in shaping trust beliefs (Butler et al. 2015). 
Economists have singled out trust as an important phenomenon at the individual level, and for society as a whole. This raises natural questions about the determinants of trust. We knew already that decisions about whom and how much to trust are partly based on pecuniary considerations, but that there is a substantial and varied role for moral considerations. The interplay between trust, trust beliefs, instilled values, and automatic psychological process such as false consensus may be a particularly fruitful area for more research. 
See original post for references 0 0 0 0 0 0",0
11206,Twitter Allows Sick And Disgusting Liberal Tweets Of ‘Assassinate Trump’ And ‘Rape Melania’,"NTEB Ads Privacy Policy Twitter Allows Sick And Disgusting Liberal Tweets Of ‘Assassinate Trump’ And ‘Rape Melania’ “So who’s going to assassinate Trump at his inauguration?” one Twitter user demanded to know. Outside the Trump International Hotel in Washington, D.C., a protester held up a sign saying 'RAPE MELANIA,' which went viral. by Geoffrey Grider November 14, 2016 Social media giant Twitter allowed the violent threat “Rape Melania” against incoming First Lady Melania Trump to trend after the site exploded with assassination threats against President-elect Donald Trump. 
“Likewise also these filthy dreamers defile the flesh, despise dominion, and speak evil of dignities. But these speak evil of those things which they know not: but what they know naturally, as brute beasts, in those things they corrupt themselves.” Jude 1:8,10 (KJV) 
EDITOR’S NOTE: When they were postive that Hillary would win, they practically tripped over themselves spouting “peace, love and tolerance”. They shouted “ when they go low, we go high ” from the mountain tops 24 hours per day. Now that they’ve lost the election, their rallying cry has shifted to calls for rape and assassination of the First Lady and President-Elect Trumps. Kinda curious how Michelle and Barack Obama have been silent on condemning the protesters. 
Outside the Trump International Hotel in Washington, D.C., a protester held up a sign saying ‘RAPE MELANIA,’ which went viral. DC Protestor “Rape Melania” pic.twitter.com/US2OLTyBDF 
The trend later disappeared Sunday afternoon after many tweeted their outrage. “Rape Melania” is trending. Liberals are really outdoing their own disgusting behavior. #SundayMorning #Trump pic.twitter.com/PA1q6QV4sa 
— WE DID IT (@BobbyDellBSC) November 13, 2016 
After Trump won the presidential election on Tuesday, threats against his life spread on social media, as the Daily Mail reported : 
“So who’s going to assassinate Trump at his inauguration?” one Twitter user demanded to know. 
“I just pray that the first n***a who tries to assassinate Donald Trump don’t miss,” another added. 
One joked: “My mom is talking about assassinate donald trump. watch out guy my white suburban mother is coming for you.” 
While some also called for the death of vice president-elect Mike Pence. 
“If trump wins pls dont assassinate him without getting mike pence first because his a** is ****ing crazy,” one user tweeted… 
A source close to the Secret Service, told the DailyMail.com that the agency were well aware of the threats and that they had seen a spike since Trump was elected on Tuesday. 
They said there were ‘mechanisms in place’ to monitor social media for such posts, and to determine which threats were more concerning than others but said that “every threat was taken seriously.” 
Twitter routinely removed pro-Trump trending topics and manipulated hashtags that hurt failed Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton during the election. Furious users accused the site of censoring the explosive DNC Wikileaks story in July after #DNCLeaks, with over a quarter million tweets, vanished from the Trending section, replaced by the far less popular #DNCLeak. source SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING",0
11207,"In Ancient Guano, a Record of Penguin Disaster - The New York Times","About 7, 000 years ago, gentoo penguins first came to Ardley Island in the South Shetlands chain just off the Antarctic Peninsula. The island is a little over a mile long, almost small enough for a classic castaway cartoon, except that it is the Antarctic. And instead of a lone palm tree, there are now about 5, 000 breeding pairs of gentoo penguins, one of the largest colonies in the Antarctic, and a lot of guano (penguin excrement) much of which is washed into the freshwater Ardley Lake, where it accumulates in the sediment. In that guano, scientists have found the record of a recurring natural historical drama. Three times since the gentoos arrived on Ardley, the colony was devastated by volcanic eruptions. The ash and smoke killed them or drove them away. Penguins gather in colonies to breed, so there may well have been chicks caught in the ash fall even if adults escaped. The landscape the eruptions left cannot have been hospitable, because each time it took 400 to 800 years for a colony of similar size to  . That is the story, reported Tuesday in Nature Communications, that Stephen J. Roberts of the British Antarctic Survey, Patrick Monien of Bremen University in Germany and other scientists from Poland, Scotland and England teased out of lake sediments that show, in the rise and fall of guano concentration, the rise and fall of the penguin colony. Dr. Roberts said the team of scientists did not set out to study guano. Rather, their interest was in evidence of historical changes in climate and sea level. But something about the sediment samples drilled from the bottom of Ardley Lake prompted them to take a different approach this time. The samples were a bit ripe. “When we opened them up they smelt differently,” he said. The team could see the ash from volcanic deposits and penguin bones, and began to compile information on the ash layers, biochemical analysis of the guano and similar samples from a lake whose shores did not have a penguin colony nearby. They estimated penguin population by the percentage of guano in a sediment sample, figuring three ounces of guano per day per penguin, and calculating how much of the colony’s output would flow into the lake. Using a sample to determine the amount of penguin guano flowing into the lake in a given period of time, they could calculate how big the colony was. This showed wide fluctuations in the colony’s size, with the peaks similar to the current numbers. Over all, they did not find any consistent pattern related to climate or sea level. But three times the population crashed  —   indicating the near extinction of the colony  —   coinciding with eruptions from the Deception Island volcano, also in the South Shetlands chain. The events do not have broad implications for climate studies, Dr. Roberts said. But they show one case where local events had a far greater effect on the population than global trends. Deception Island is an Antarctic landmark and a destination for tourists. The island is the rim of the volcano’s caldera. It’s a circle in the ocean, with only one entrance to the protected waters inside. Heat from the volcano makes some spots swimmable, and many passengers on Antarctic cruises bring back pictures of themselves in the waters of the island caldera. The scientists estimate that three large eruptions of the Deception Island volcano all but wiped out the penguins on Ardley Island  —   one 5, 500 to 5, 400 years ago, one 4, 500 to 4, 200 years ago, and the last 3, 200 to 3, 000 years ago. In more recent times, there have been smaller eruptions. The last eruption was in 1970.",0
11208,Vice President Biden: Trump will support Israel,"November 11, 2016 Vice President Biden: Trump will support Israel 
American Jews have no reason to be concerned about the future of US-Israel ties after President-elect Donald Trump takes office in January, outgoing Vice President Joe Biden said on Wednesday at a World Jewish Congress (WJC) gala dinner in New York City. 
Referring to Trump’s victory in Tuesday’s presidential election, Biden said, “A number of my friends in the [Jewish] community are anxious about what it will mean for America’s commitment to Israel. I stand here to tell you that I have no doubt, none whatsoever, that in the Trump administration there will be no diminution of support as a consequence of this transition. Even if the new administration were inclined to reduce the commitment, which it is not, Congress would never let it happen; the American people would never let it happen.” 
Furthermore, Biden told the crowd, “You measure your influence on how well you influence me, presidents, vice presidents, secretaries, senators, congressmen. But your influence on the American community at large has been profound. That’s the ultimate guarantor that every American president, and every transition, will never dare, even if they’re inclined — and the Trump admin is not inclined — to reduce” US support for the Jewish state. 
Earlier in his remarks — given at an event at which he received the WJC’s Theodor Herzl award for his “contributions to the well-being of Israel and the Jewish people” — Biden equated anti-Zionism with anti-Semitism.",0
11209,Obama administration paves way for Iran to rebuild its air force with US-made aircraft,"BY ROBERT SPENCER 
“Whoever, owing allegiance to the United States, levies war against them or adheres to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort within the United States or elsewhere, is guilty of treason and shall suffer death, or shall be imprisoned not less than five years and fined under this title but not less than $10,000; and shall be incapable of holding any office under the United States.” 
How is this not treason? 
“Iran to Add U.S.-Made Aircraft to Its War Fleet: Obama admin paves way for Tehran to rebuild its air force,” by Adam Kredo, Washington Free Beacon , October 24, 2016: 
The Obama administration is forging a pathway for Iran to purchase American-made airliners that are likely to be converted for use in the Islamic Republic’s military, drawing concerns on Capitol Hill amid a flurry of recent attacks by Iranian-backed forces on U.S. military assets in the Middle East, according to conversations with lawmakers and fleet information obtained by the Washington Free Beacon . 
Iran recently announced that it had struck deals with the U.S. Boeing airline manufacturer and France’s AirBus that would permit the companies to transfer technology and provide training to help the Islamic Republic produce equipment that would strengthen its aging fleet of American-made planes. 
Iran currently uses at least six Boeing aircraft as part of its air force fleet. These planes were put on display last week when Iran launched a series of war drills aimed at deterring Western attacks. 
As Iran angles to purchase 80 new jets from Boeing, which has lobbied heavily in favor of these sales, the Obama administration is being accused of helping to pave the way for Iran to transfer these commercial liners for use in its war fleet, according to lawmakers and sources familiar with Iran’s military buildup. 
Iran has a history of transferring commercial jets purchased from America to its air force for use in military operations and the transfer of weapons and other illicit material abroad. 
Lawmakers worry that the White House’s efforts to facilitate new airliner sales to Iran Air, the country’s national airline, will help Tehran bolster its war fleet at a time when it is threatening military action 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK",0
11210,"Because of Hillary Clinton, Emergency-Contraception Is Banned In Honduras","Posted on October 27, 2016 by Eric Zuesse. Eric Zuesse Of course, one of Hillary Clinton’s proudest claims is that as the U.S. Secretary of State she championed reproductive choice throughout the world. She championed it in words, but her actions were sometimes in the opposite direction, and there is perhaps no nation where her actions as the U.S. Secretary of State had a bigger impact than Honduras, which case will therefore be examined, and her impact on this documented, here: The reason that the morning-after pill, which enables raped women to avoid becoming pregnant from a rape, was made illegal by the government that now exists in Honduras, is that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton persuaded President Barack Obama not to terminate U.S. financial aid to the coup-regime that came into power there on 28 June 2009. Without that aid, the democratically elected President would quickly have been restored. Though the U.S. Ambassador in Honduras told Secretary of State Clinton that there was no way in which that coup was legal and that consequently it undoubtedly was a “coup” and that existing U.S. law therefore required U.S. funding of the Honduran government to cease immediately, she ignored the law, and she ignored everything except her friend Lanny Davis the lobbyist whom the coup-plotters had hired to represent them to Democrats (a different lobbyist was hired to represent them to the congressional Republicans). President Obama took his Secretary of State’s advice and refused to enforce the law, and Hillary Clinton publicly praised what the regime was doing. The regime was condemned throughout Latin America, because the coup, which consisted of the local aristocracy or ‘oligarchs’, overthrew the democratically elected President of Honduras, who had wanted a land-reform law to be introduced. Immediately after the coup that overthrew him, the newly installed regime allowed the aristocrats’ paid thugs to murder anyone who tried to lead the opposition; and therefore the regime that had been imposed by Honduras’s aristocracy and kept in power by America’s aristocracy, has remained stable since. However, after the coup, Honduras has had the world’s highest murder-rate. Thus, it’s a stable but now extraordinarily violent country. (Detailed documentation of every allegation in this paragraph can be found in the “Honduras” section of this article I earlier wrote about “Hillary Clinton’s Six Foreign-Policy Catastrophes” ; and that section on Honduras, in turn, links to 68 sources, which provide the sometimes gruesome details regarding Hillary Clinton’s impact upon the lives of the Honduran people since the coup. However, that article didn’t mention this matter concerning contraception, rape, and abortion; and, so, the present article will be an extension from that earlier one, dealing specifically with Hillary Clinton’s impact upon family-planning and reproductive choice in Honduras.) One feature of the new, U.S.-backed, regime, was the imposition of draconian fundamentalist laws against contraception and intensifying the abortion-ban. On 13 February 2012, the Center for Reproductive Rights headlined “Honduras Supreme Court Upholds Absolute Ban on Emergency Contraception, Opens Door to Criminalize Women and Medical Professionals” and reported: The Honduras Supreme Court has upheld the country’s absolute ban on emergency contraception, which would criminalize the sale, distribution, and use of the “morning-after pill” — imposing punishment for offenders equal to that of obtaining or performing an abortion, which in Honduras is completely restricted. “By banning and criminalizing emergency contraception, Honduras is telling the world it would rather imprison the women of its country than provide them with safe and effective birth control,” said Luisa Cabal, director of international legal programs at the Center for Reproductive Rights. “Today’s decision from the Honduras Supreme Court blatantly disregards women’s fundamental reproductive rights and completely ignores the respected medical opinion of experts around the globe. It will cause significant harm in the lives countless women and doctors across the country. … Consequently, the hell in Honduras has been accentuated by punishment of women who have been raped, and punishment of doctors and pharmacists who try to help them. The President whom Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, and the ten main aristocratic families of Honduras , overthrew and prohibited from running for President ever again, Manuel Zelaya, had, in April 2009, vetoed a law that the Honduran legislature (controlled by those ten families plus another 15 or so ) had just passed to ban the morning-after pill. So, that law didn’t enter into force until the U.S.-imposed regime restored it. However, the restoration of the ban wasn’t final until this decision was handed down by the Honduran Supreme Court. As Amnesty International said at that time : On 1 February, the Supreme Court in Honduras upheld a decree imposing an absolute ban on emergency contraception. This decree was vetoed in May 2009 by the former President on grounds that it conflicted with the Constitution. The Supreme Court has now concluded that the decree is constitutional and that Congress can begin to develop laws enforcing a ban of the emergency contraceptive pill on the basis of its alleged “abortive” nature. The World Health Organization, Pan-American Health Organization, and several other expert bodies have clearly stated that the emergency contraceptive pill is not abortive; it is a form of contraception that works by ensuring the egg is inaccessible and impeding fertilization. The criminalization of the emergency contraceptive pill will have appalling consequences. For example, rape victims will be unable to prevent pregnancy … And so it has been in Honduras. During the period since the 28 June 2009 Honduran U.S.-backed coup, the hell in Honduras has been so bad that Honduras has become one of the top sources of illegal immigration into the United States. The world-record-high murder-rates and crushing poverty, with no opportunity for the public to ‘move up in the world’ other than through becoming one of the paid enforcers for the aristocrats, which often also entails leading the now-booming drug-gangs there, has essentially forced out of Honduras millions of residents, and many of them have escaped through Mexico into the United States, in order to be able to have a decent life, rather than murder and be murdered. Hillary Clinton’s opponent in the U.S. Presidential campaign, Donald Trump, never talks about the hell that Clinton and Obama have been imposing around the world (except regarding non-Christian-majority countries such as Libya), and he seems to view illegal immigrants as if U.S. foreign policies have nothing to do with creating the problems that those people are facing, but there is no indication that he would continue those policies, which have been causing them to be illegal immigrants here. To the contrary, his anti-interventionist foreign-policy proposals would be inconsistent with coups and invasions regarding any foreign country whose government is not posing an imminent threat to U.S. national security. Trump’s foreign-policy proposals are not in any way favorable toward those of Hillary Clinton (who is simply an extreme version of Obama’s worst policy-orientations). (And America’s own Federation of American Scientists has stated that Obama is lying in order to ‘justify’ his policy now to ignore existing in-force nuclear treaties with Russia as being supposedly not violations of them. So, though he may not be as much of a neoconservative as she is, he basically is one, too. His aggression against Russia is subtle , but forceful .) Consequently, at least regarding foreign policy, a President Trump would be authentic change, irrespective of whether a particular voter would approve of that change as opposed to continuing America’s existing foreign policy but in a more extreme way. Among other things, a vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote to retain the status-quo in Honduras and around the world, but to go much farther in the same direction. A vote for Donald Trump is a vote to change that status-quo — to change (and in some important respects reverse ) that direction . The biggest impact of this election will be on foreign (including both economic and military) policy. Even domestically within the United States, the difference between the two candidates on foreign policies will have a much bigger impact, including possibly even nuclear war , than will the other policy-areas, which the general public erroneously think will have a bigger impact upon their lives and their future than will foreign policies. (And here are quoted recent reports in the Washington Post , Spiegel , Huffington Post , and other serious media, discussing her preparing her coming Administration’s plans and personnel for a war with Russia; and Obama is right now setting everything up for her to be able to start the war as soon as possible.) Regardless of whether the American public know it, the main impact of this Presidential election will be on foreign policy, including on the immense impacts that foreign policy will have domestically. So: this is not the time when the U.S. will be progressing but instead regressing, and intelligent voters will be aiming to minimize the harms, rather than to achieve progress. Progress, at this stage so late in the game, is still being hoped-for only by some fools who happen to be also progressives. Any intelligent progressive, at this late stage, is focused entirely upon minimizing the harm. And the maximum harm could happen with surprising rapidity. (Back in 1961, the estimation of experts was that — as one of the few who spoke publicly stated — “A nuclear war between the United States and Russia would be all over in 24 or 48 hours because both sides would let go with their full atomic arsenals.” The estimates today are far more precise but unpublished, and they’re all well under an hour — some as low as 20 minutes.) There wouldn’t be any surrender, nor any armistice. There would only be the end of civilization , and unspeakable misery (including details that are ignored by the major media, such as this ) until practically everyone is dead (from starvation if nothing else). Those are the stakes in this election. Even to be debating domestic issues at a time like this, simply doesn’t make any sense. But the situation in Honduras points up the ridiculousness, in a fundamentally different context, which is why I am writing about it now.",0
11211,Американо-японский альянс при новом президенте США | Новое восточное обозрение,"Страна: Япония Итоги завершившейся президентской гонки в США могут оказаться самым серьёзным испытанием для американо-японского альянса, под которым здесь подразумевается весь комплекс двусторонних отношений, а не только сфера обороны, базирующаяся на ряде документов, но прежде всего на Договоре 1960 г. В НВО уже не раз обсуждалось настороженное отношение руководства Японии к Дональду Трампу, отчётливо проявлявшееся, ещё на этапе предвыборной борьбы . Веские основания для этого давал сам претендент на высший государственный пост страны, которая является ключевым союзником Японии. Различного рода концептуальные “частности” (например, в сферах экономики и обороны), сгонявшие с лица премьер-министра Японии Синдзо Абэ неповторимо непосредственную и обаятельную улыбку, прямо вытекали из ключевого тезиса Д. Трампа “Америка – прежде всего”. В свою очередь, указанный тезис являлся прямым ответом на требования американской общественности снизить уровень вовлечённости страны во внешнеполитические дрязги и сосредоточиться на растущих внутренних проблемах. Б. Обама проталкивает Транстихоокеанское партнёрство? — Хватит с нас НАФТА (Североамериканской зоны свободной торговли), уже попившей немало кровушки. Европейские и японские прохиндеи не хотят тратиться на собственную оборону? — Выводим оттуда американские войска. Даже со скидкой на карнавальный и политически мало обязывающий характер американской предвыборной борьбы уже намёки на подобного рода тренды в политике потенциального президента США заставили поёжиться истеблишмент Европы и Японии. Тому же С. Абэ немалых трудов стоило преодолеть сопротивление внутренней оппозиции участию Японии в ТТП. После многолетних согласований спорных вопросов 12 стран-участниц ТПП подписали, наконец, в октябре 2015 г. все уставные документы новой организации. Дело за ратификацией. И на тебе! Против ТТП может выступить главный участник всего проекта. В ожидании появления хоть какой-то ясности в позиции США относительно ТТП японское правительство перенесло процедуру ратификации с ординарной сессии парламента (обычно проходящей в январе-июле) на внеочередную осеннюю сессию. Вдруг победит Хиллари Клинтон, не столь определённо выступающая против ТТП! 10 ноября проект закона о ратификации ТТП всё же прошёл через нижнюю палату парламента. Верхней палате, согласно действующему регламенту, предоставляется 30 дней на рассмотрение закона. Если оно по какой-либо причине не состоится, то закон автоматически вступит в силу. Однако теперь, после победы Д. Трампа в ходе президентской гонки и Республиканской партии на выборах в конгресс весь проект ТТП, по крайней мере, “зависает”. Пожалуй, остаётся единственная надежда на то, что Б. Обама в оставшиеся ему два месяца попробует “пропихнуть” ТТП через нынешний состав конгресса. Впрочем, и это выглядит сомнительным. Конечно, предвыборные обещания немного стоят везде. Но едва ли не главной особенностью нынешней внутриполитической ситуации в США является резкая активизация тех слоёв общества, которым десятилетиями было в основном “до лампочки”, что происходит в элитной среде. Американские “работяги”, фактически приведшие Д. Трампа к власти, вряд ли позволят ему сильно “скорректировать” собственную предвыборную риторику. Особенно в сфере экономики. Впервые за многие годы свобода маневрирования нового американского руководства будет ограничена принципиально новой внутриполитической обстановкой. Не меньше головной боли доставили японскому руководству и предвыборные эскапады Д. Трампа в стиле “сами позаботьтесь о своей обороне и, если нужно, разрабатывайте собственное ядерное оружие”. Нельзя сказать, что указанный месседж совсем противоречит размышлениям японской элиты о будущем страны. Но сегодня он звучит крайне не вовремя и это особенно касается ЯО, что уже обсуждалось ранее в НВО. Ибо одна из самых актуальных внешнеполитических задач Японии сводится к извлечению максимальной пользы от сохраняющегося пока образа “мирной страны, противницы ядерного оружия, обладающей третьей мировой экономикой. Одного из основных доноров ООН, оказывающей помощь развивающимся странам”. Этот образ всё ещё крайне необходим Японии, например, для получения статуса постоянного члена в будущем “реформированном” СБ ООН. Однако и без “помощи” Д. Трампа он уже деградирует, по крайней мере, с середины прошлого десятилетия. В этом плане этапным стало принятие осенью прошлого года парламентом Японии пакета новых законов в сфере обороны . Сейчас, то есть ровно через год, новое оборонное законодательство проходит первую практическую “обкатку” в ходе совместных масштабных японо-американских военных учений , а также в процессе подготовки к выполнению миротворческой миссии ООН в Южном Судане. В целом можно констатировать, что если предвыборная “неоизоляционистская” риторика Д. Трампа выльется в более или менее заметный новый тренд во внешней политике США, то деградация образа “мирной Японии” неизбежно ускорится. И, как говорится, дай Бог, чтобы она не завершилась разработкой собственного ЯО. Повторим, что такое ускорение прямо противоречило бы намеченной японской элитой “последовательности ходов”: сначала вхождение в состав постоянных членов СБ ООН, а затем развитие процесса “нормализации” Японии с отменой 9-ой антивоенной статьи Конституции 1947 г. Отмечаемое в Японии “смятение чувств” в связи с избранием Д. Трампа легко просматривается как в содержании приветственного послания С. Абэ, так и в первых комментариях по этому случаю ведущих японских газет. Красной нитью в них проходит пожелание “дальнейшего укрепления японо-американского альянса в целях обеспечения мира и процветания” в АТР. Наконец, представляется важным отметить вполне возможное возрастание уровня неопределённости в выработке российской стратегии на предстоящих переговорах президента РФ и премьер-министра Японии. В связи хотя бы с тем, что в ходе визита С. Абэ в Нью-Йорк по случаю начала работы очередной сессии Генассамблеи ООН японская стратегия в этих переговорах была согласована с Х. Клинтон, а не с Д. Трампом . Ибо, как мы уже ранее отмечали, американский фактор будет присутствовать за столом переговоров и его надо учитывать заранее. Если российско-японский саммит пройдёт (как было предварительно запланировано) до конца текущего года, то вряд ли к этому времени завершится процесс формирования внешней политики нового американского президента. В свою очередь Япония также едва ли полностью определится с характером реагирования на (пока гипотетические) новые тренды в американской внешней политике. Хотя вполне можно ожидать интенсивный взаимный зондаж (уже в ближайшие недели) позиций по ключевым аспектам международной ситуации в целом и двусторонних отношений, в частности, между ближайшим окружением Д. Трампа и представителями союзников, партнёров, а также оппонентов США. Вопросы состояния и перспектив развития американо-японского альянса окажутся в числе первых и главных объектов подобного зондажа. Владимир Терехов, эксперт по проблемам Азиатско-Тихоокеанского региона, специально для интернет-журнала «Новое Восточное Обозрение». Популярные статьи ",0
11212,Expecto Patronum! Patronus Test Keeps ‘Harry Potter’ Marketing Alive - The New York Times,"Here’s a question that separates a real “Harry Potter” fan from the rest of the muggles who think this is all just a bunch of wizarding gibberish: Is your Patronus a Siberian cat, a heron or a basset hound? The patronus charm, a cross between a spirit animal and a   charm, is one of the many bits of “Harry Potter” lore that fans continue to debate and celebrate nearly two decades after the first book was published. This has given J. K. Rowling, the boy wizard’s creator, plenty of time to turn her wizarding world into a finely tuned marketing machine. On Thursday, that machine delivered what it called the “only authentic Patronus experience,” allowing visitors to Ms. Rowling’s definitive fan site, Pottermore, to take a quiz and see what theirs would be. The test, produced with 3D animation and written by Ms. Rowling herself, quickly excited fans online, who used the social media incantation #ExpectoPatronum to share their results. Twitter erupted into a menagerie full of dolphins, polecats, aardvarks and Irish wolfhounds. Some very   fans played along. (There’s no way of knowing how many possible patronuses are out in the wizarding world. This writer’s patronus is a basset hound. The editor’s is a Siberian cat. Ms. Rowling’s is a heron.) Ms. Rowling and her employees at Pottermore hinted at this with some mysterious viral marketing. A day earlier, Potterheads were frantic over a mysterious tweet sent by Pottermore that showed a completely dark image, followed by images of a dark forest. But Potter obsessives are hard to fool: Most fans guessed what was happening right away.",0
11213,Boom or Bust: Stark Partisan Divide on How Consumers View Economy - The New York Times,"Economics has a foundation in hard numbers  —   employment, inflation, spending  —   that has largely allowed it to sidestep the competing partisan narratives that have afflicted American politics and culture. But not anymore. Since Donald J. Trump’s victory in November, consumer sentiment has diverged in an unprecedented way, with Republicans convinced that a boom is at hand, and Democrats foreseeing an imminent recession. “We’ve never recorded this before,” said Richard Curtin, who directs the University of Michigan’s monthly survey of consumer sentiment. Although the outlook has occasionally varied by political party since the survey began in 1946, “the partisan divide has never had as large an impact on consumers’ economic expectations,” he said. At the same time, familiar economic data points have become Rorschach tests. That was evident after the government’s monthly jobs report on Friday Republicans’ talking points centered on a   low in the unemployment rate, while Democrats focused on a sharp decline in job creation. “I find it stunning, to be honest. It’s unreal,” said Michael R. Strain, director of economic policy studies at the conservative American Enterprise Institute in Washington. “Things that were less politicized in the past, like how you feel about the economy, have become more politicized now. ” Indeed, the    views underscore yet another front on which Americans remain polarized five months after the election, and with President Trump nearing his 100th day in office. There are some tangible reasons for the split. Many Republican states, including the Midwestern swing states that provided Mr. Trump’s margin of victory, have experienced a more sluggish recovery over the last eight years  —   and are thus more invested in the change promised by Mr. Trump. Many Democratic states have bounced back more vigorously. Hence their political and economic viewpoints were jolted by November’s election result. For example, Vermont, Colorado and Massachusetts  —   all carried by the Democrats  —   are thriving, with an unemployment rate below 4 percent. In Republican strongholds like Alaska, Georgia and Alabama, the rate is well above the national average of 4. 5 percent.    Republicans aren’t the only ones who are feeling more upbeat, whether or not it’s justified by the data. Sentiment among business leaders who backed Mr. Trump has also surged since the election. David Congdon, chief executive of Old Dominion Freight Line, the trucking giant, never expected Mr. Trump to win when he voted for him in November. “I fell out of bed when I got up in the morning on Nov. 9,” he admitted. “I didn’t quite know what I was voting for. ” But despite misfires in Washington like the failed attempt to roll back President Barack Obama’s health care policies, Mr. Congdon is definitely feeling more positive. “Trump’s got a hard road ahead of him, but I think he’s off to a decent start,” said Mr. Congdon, who recently joined other transportation executives for a meeting with Mr. Trump and Vice President Mike Pence. “I’m personally optimistic about the economy for the rest of the year, and I think we will see an uptick in terms of freight deliveries,” he said. “We have picked up our hiring. ” Economists, too, find their outlook shifting with the political landscape. Before the election, Heather Boushey, a top adviser to Hillary Clinton during the campaign, thought “the economy was on the right track, with slow and steady growth like we’ve had over the past few years. ” Now she is much more pessimistic, especially about the economy’s   prospects. Although she is pleased that the Affordable Care Act survived Republican efforts to repeal it, the gridlock has led her to believe that Mr. Trump will never get a big infrastructure spending package through Congress. “I am losing hope that we will make those   investments over the next few years,” said Ms. Boushey, executive director of the liberal Center for Equitable Growth. The University of Michigan researchers have their own way of measuring the gulf between the two viewpoints and how quickly it has flipped. Among Republicans, the Michigan consumer expectations index was at 61. 1 in October, the kind of reading typically reported in the depths of a recession. Confident that Mrs. Clinton would win, Democrats registered a 95. 4 reading, close to the highs reached when her husband was in office in the late 1990s and the economy was soaring. By March, the positions were reversed, with an even more extreme split. Republicans’ expectations had soared to 122. 5, equivalent to levels registered in boom times. As for Democrats, they were even more pessimistic than Republicans had been in October. As at the voting booth, the split in perceptions could have   consequences. If behavior tracks the   sentiment among Democrats, who account for 32 percent of respondents in the survey, prophecies could quickly become   by affecting spending and investing decisions. “If   of the population cut their consumer spending by 5 percent, you get a recession,” said Alan Blinder, a Princeton economist who served in the Clinton administration and advised Al Gore and Hillary Clinton on economic policy during their Democratic presidential campaigns. “I don’t think it will happen, but it’s not beyond the realm of the possible. ” To be sure, even if Democratic consumers pulled back, that wouldn’t necessarily bring on a recession. A burst of spending by bullish Republicans, who equal 27 percent of those polled by the Michigan researchers, could counteract much of that drag. And independents, who are the largest cohort in the survey, at 41 percent, remain fairly optimistic about future growth. It is rare for “rising optimism to coexist with increasing uncertainty,” said Mr. Curtin, the Michigan expert. “The current level of optimism clearly indicates that no economywide spending retrenchment is underway, but the prevailing level of uncertainty will limit growth in discretionary spending. ” Lawrence H. Summers, who served as Treasury secretary under President Bill Clinton and was Mr. Obama’s chief economic adviser during his first term, said he, too, was struck by the big swing in economic sentiment. “It is a remarkably big switch from October,” he said. “If you are a Democrat, you are primed for negativity. It carries through in your view of everything else. ” A prominent Democrat himself and a strong Hillary Clinton backer, Mr. Summers is nonetheless slightly more optimistic than he was late last year, because the data on housing starts and business investment intentions has been positive, not because of the new administration’s policies. Whether the optimists or pessimists prove more prescient about the economy’s trajectory, Mr. Summers said, the split in perceptions will persist. “I’d bet there will be some minor convergence,” he said, “but there will still be a large divergence on what should be a matter of objective reality. ”",0
11214,"Maxine Waters: If We Impeach Trump, He Can’t Build The Wall - Breitbart","Tuesday evening in Los Angeles at the   Democratic Club, while discussing President Donald Trump’s budget, Rep. Maxine Waters ( ) said she hoped Trump is impeached so he cannot build a wall on the U. S.  border.  Waters said, “We are in church you all. We have got to do what God would have us do. And I believe we are the kind of people that would do that. So I’m hoping and praying the wall will never be built and if we impeach him we know it is not going to get built. ” (  WFB) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
11215,’Footy McFooty Face’ Leads Vote to Name San Diego MLS Team - Breitbart,"Online voting to choose San Diego’s Major League Soccer (MLS) team currently shows “Footy McFooty Face” leading other possible names by a wide margin. [By Saturday morning, “Footy McFooty Face” had 5, 229 votes, well over four times as many as of the other possible names.  According to 10 News, the other names include “San Diego Bad Hombres,” “San Diego Surf,” “Mission San Diego FC,” “San Diego Football Club (SDFC),” and “San Diego Armada. ” Votes can be cast on SoccerCity SD’s Facebook page. There is precedent for Internet voting to go awry in these kinds of situations. For example, in March 2016 the British government decided to let people vote online to name a $287 million “polar research ship. ” The New York Times reports that people “quickly disregarded the more dignified names suggested by the Natural Environment Research Council,” opting instead for “R. R. S. Boaty McBoatface. ” The Huffington Post reports that Mountain Dew asked internet voters to “Dub the Dew” by choosing a name for a new flavor in 2014. The voting was “hijacked” by 4Chan, and the names with the most votes were “‘Hitler Did Nothing Wrong,’ ‘Diabeetus’ [and] ‘Moist Nugget. ’” The voting to name San Diego’s MLS team ends March 31. SoccerCity SD has not said whether it will use “Footy McFooty Face,” if in fact that name wins the internet poll. Ultimately, the British government decided to name the research vessel the RRS Sir David Attenborough, after a popular host of nature programs. It named a submersible research vehicle Boaty McBoatface instead, in a mild tribute to the results of the original popular vote. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
11216,Syria Cease-Fire Crumbles as Bombings Kill Dozens - The New York Times,"BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   For 38 straight days, the streets of the northwestern Syrian town of Maarat   had been the scene of protests against the government and the Islamic extremists of the Nusra Front. On Tuesday, they became a scene of carnage, as government warplanes attacked the town’s marketplace, killing dozens of people, according to residents and rescue workers. The attack confirmed the apparent unraveling of a fragile    agreement between Syrian government forces and some armed opposition groups. The attack in Maarat   and a similar one in the nearby town of Kafr Nabl, came several days after the start of a new insurgent offensive in a neighboring province, and a day after the main Syrian opposition group said it would no longer participate in diplomatic discussions in Geneva. The opposition has accused the government of repeatedly violating the partial   and Tuesday’s attacks were seen as a violent end to the relative respite from airstrikes that had lasted nearly two months. Some residents in Maarat   68 miles north of Homs, and in other towns in Syria that had been afforded a modicum of free space, had resumed the street protests that began the uprising against President Bashar   more than five years ago. The recent protests have signaled residents’ opposition to the government that has been bombing them and their distaste for extremists fighting among the rebel groups. As Syrians at home have again raised their voices in protest, insurgent groups have been pressing representatives of the opposition to take a harder line in talks in Geneva, which have produced little progress. The bombings Tuesday were, for many in Syria, the last straw. “We consider it the end of the truce, but we will keep demonstrating,” Anas   an antigovernment activist, said by phone from Maarat  . As the partial   and the political talks crumbled, the goals set out by the United Nations mediator, Staffan de Mistura, and the chief international sponsors of the talks, the United States and Russia, have dissipated. Aid workers have managed to visit some   areas of Syria, but most of the besieged areas have received little of the help they desperately need. The government has continued to remove medical supplies, including nutrition kits to help save people from starvation, from shipments to areas it has under siege, aid officials said. Hopes for an exchange of prisoners have gone unfulfilled. The government has not agreed to discuss a political transition, while the opposition has refused any resolution that would allow Mr. Assad to remain in office, citing the protocols governing the Geneva talks, which call for the establishment of a transitional governing body with full executive powers. Riad Hijab, the head of the High Negotiations Committee representing Syrian opposition groups in Geneva, said Tuesday that his delegation would not participate in “a political process which prolongs the life of this regime. ” The opposition’s decision to pull out of talks in Geneva could be viewed as a win for Russia, Mr. Assad’s chief international backer, which can blame the rebels for the collapse of the talks while continuing the parallel talks it has organized on its own military base in Syria with officially tolerated opposition figures. The breakdown of political negotiations could also be awkward for Saudi Arabia, the main sponsor of the Syrian opposition, as President Obama prepares to visit the Saudi capital this week. Negotiators said the bombings underscored their view that the government was not interested in seeing the talks succeed. “Our decision to postpone our participation in the Geneva talks was taken to highlight the cynicism of the regime in pretending to negotiate while escalating the violence,” Salem   the spokesman for the negotiations committee, said in a statement. “This attack is Assad’s response. The world must not ignore this challenge. ” Stephane Dujarric, the United Nations spokesman in New York, said Tuesday that there had been “an uptick in violence” and that aid agencies had not had satisfactory access to civilians trapped in besieged areas. “We’ve seen an increase in our ability to deliver humanitarian aid,” he said, adding that access was insufficient. “Obviously we need to see less violence and more humanitarian access. ” Videos and photographs that were posted online by residents and rescue workers in Maarat   and Kafr Nabl showed bodies, including some children, strewn about the twisted metal and spilled vegetables of marketplaces. More than 40 people were killed in Maarat   and several more in Kafr Nabl, a town known for its witty protest banners and cartoons. The partial   that appears all but finished did not cover the   Nusra Front or militants of the Islamic State, and the government has reserved the right to attack insurgent groups that cooperate with them. In Maarat     rebels had recently clashed with Nusra Front fighters, igniting the protests.",0
11217,When Gluttony Dons Racing Shoes - The New York Times,"Six of the world’s largest and most prestigious marathons  —   in Tokyo, Boston, London, Berlin, Chicago and New York City  —   band together and call themselves the World Marathon Majors. Some people try to run all six in the same year. Dean Bell is among them. He spent last week in Amsterdam attending to his job as a partner at the auditing firm KPMG before flying back to New York to finish his sixth marathon of the year  —   the year he turned 40. He was followed in Central Park on Sunday by a trickle of other   finishers, like the sommelier Brian Cronin, who has completed 42 in all. They came from Italy and Spain, China and Denmark, amounting to 1, 200 runners over all. They were led by Michael Wardian, an ultra runner so prolific that for him, finishing the six majors was akin to a 5K on the local circuit for an ordinary runner. Wardian finished the New York City Marathon in 45th place, and he set a record for average pace running the majors in a calendar year  —   a little less than 2 hours 31 minutes. Sunday’s race was Wardian’s ninth marathon of 2016. He supplemented them with 10 ultra marathons. He is 42. “I know it’s not typical, but with every race I do, I’ve just always wanted to see if it’s possible,” Wardian said. “I’ve never wanted someone else to dictate what I’m capable of. ” If Wardian and Bell are any indication, people who do this kind of thing have some qualities in common  —   a penchant for the extreme being central to all. They archive their races in spreadsheets (Wardian) and résumés (Bell). They get up at 4:45 a. m. and go for their runs in the suburbs (Arlington, Va. for Wardian Greenwich, Conn. for Bell) supplementing them with a lunchtime run at work in the city when they can. Both are in their early 40s, and they balance their running around their families: in this case, wives and two young children. Both issue claims that they are not as unusual as they sound. “Of course I know all the running is, on some level, crazy, but mostly I’m an ordinary guy,” Bell said. “And there are worse vices. ” Wardian also maintains that his lifestyle is largely ordinary, just augmented by a marathon or   every other weekend or so. “I think I’m a pretty normal  —   well, some people would say maybe not  —   but I have a family, a   job, I take my kids to Cub Scouts and soccer practice, I’m part of civic organizations, I do all this stuff normal people do, but at the same time I don’t think we need to be limited by what is considered normal behavior,” Wardian said. “I just have a really incredible interest in establishing about what’s possible for me and then shattering that. ” Certainly, the schedule is unforgiving. A marathon in Berlin in late September. For October, Chicago. And then a month later, the New York City Marathon. All very fast. Bell has been running for only a little over five years. He gave himself a year to plan the logistics around the races but did not change his training. Since he began running marathons in 2011, he has amassed 20, including Sunday’s. He tends to run his races between 3:10 and 3:15, save for a run this year in Berlin with a bad back. For him, it is a call to constantly push the boundaries of his limitations. “You start with ‘I want to run a marathon,’ then you want to run Boston, then it’s ‘I want to run a certain time,’ then I wanted to run the majors,” Bell said. “As we enter this stage of life, we’re missing competition, it’s us against the clock, but that’s the biggest opponent you can have, yourself. ” Wardian ran his first marathon in 1996 so he could qualify for the Boston Marathon, and he quickly moved on to   races from there. When he decided to improve his speed, he qualified for the 2004, 2008 and 2012 men’s Olympic trials, still relishing the day when he led the first 10K of the 2008 trials through Times Square, immortalized in a widely circulated photograph. Now he is focusing on frequency and longer distances. Wardian was a varsity lacrosse player at Michigan State before he began running his junior year. He and his wife, Jennifer, who met at a fraternity party in Maryland, accommodate each other’s training needs. When watching the kids in the morning, he will run on the treadmill at home while she goes to a Jazzercise class. She was fine with his running 48 miles through the Grand Canyon for their 12th anniversary last month  —   but she has her limitations. “She lays the law down,” he said. “I’m not allowed to go do Everest until the kids are 18. ” Despite an unusual gluttony, and talent, for both volume and speed, Wardian has remained largely   for the entirety of his 20 years of running except for August 2012. He developed five stress fractures in his pelvis and five hernias, all at once, and was sidelined for two months. (He attributed the injuries to the time his youngest son developed epilepsy, when he and his wife slept no more than   intervals.) “Normally,” he said, “I sleep four hours, and I’m fine. ” The Wardians take their children to his races around the world  —   they have been to 14 countries on four continents, waiting for their father to finish a   race through the Alps or the Outback. Wardian follows the wholesome lifestyle common to many ultra runners, having refrained from eating chicken since he contracted salmonella poisoning from a   meal in college. From there, he stopped eating fish and then went vegan, aside from a fondness for egg whites and honey. Some friends he met at a race in Japan take a rice steamer with them for prerace meals, and he has taken up the habit of eating white rice and honey for breakfast and, before dinner, visiting sushi restaurants, where he will eat   rolls. He drinks “twice every 18 months” and counts an   maker and a salad company among his sponsors. “I’m one of those guys,” he said. “But I think it helps me in recovery. It’s clean energy. ” Wardian spends his days as an international ship broker, arranging oceangoing transportation for food aid. Some of his   competitors have been on the receiving end of his efforts: At a dinner for Wardian’s clients, the former marathon champion Paul Tergat spoke of how he would receive the shipments while growing up in Kenya and how they changed his life. (Wardian contracted the ship Maersk Alabama, which was hijacked by Somali pirates in 2009, learning the news only when he returned from running the weeklong Marathon Des Sables through the Sahara and regained phone access.) Wardian and Bell finished their streaks Sunday despite the logistical impediments bound to affect races that happen almost every week or month. For Bell, he had managed to run each time under his Boston qualifying standard  —   until Berlin, where he was hampered by a back injury. Wardian’s trips were wrought with timing hurdles: He would continue running after the race back to his lodgings to collect his luggage and go straight to the airport, often still in racing clothes. Bell’s family watched the race at 102nd Street and First Avenue, a block from where they used to live. They celebrated after the race with friends who live in their old building but headed back to the suburbs before it grew too late. He had a 7 a. m. flight to Washington the next day. Wardian said he would go to Las Vegas next weekend. He has another marathon record in mind: running the fastest one ever while dressed as Elvis.",0
11218,Are New Drugs for Hepatitis C Safe? A Report Raises Concerns - The New York Times,"Drugs approved in recent years that can cure hepatitis C may have severe side effects, including liver failure, a new report suggests. The number of adverse events appears relatively small, and the findings are not conclusive. But experts said the report was a warning that should not be ignored. It involves nine widely used antiviral drugs that were heralded as a huge advance because they greatly increased cure rates, seemingly with few side effects. The report will be published online on Wednesday by the Institute for Safe Medication Practices, a nonprofit in Horsham, Pa. that studies drug safety. Its findings are based on the group’s analysis of the Food and Drug Administration’s database of reports from doctors around the world of adverse events that might be related to medications. Dr. Robert S. Brown, the director of the Center for Liver Disease and Transplantation at   at Columbia and Weill Cornell, who was not involved in the study, said that there had been other, scattered accounts of problems with the new drugs and that they should be investigated further. “We don’t want people to ignore it and lead to risks to patients,” he said. “We don’t want people to overreact and not treat patients who should be treated. A lot of doctors are unclear about it, and if doctors are unclear, patients are, too. ” Dr. Brown added that problems might arise from some doctors’ prescribing incorrectly, giving the drugs to patients with liver function too poor to tolerate them or benefit from them. Hepatitis C is an enormous public health problem. Caused by a virus, it leads to chronic liver disease in most people who contract it, and some eventually develop cirrhosis and liver cancer. In the United States, an estimated 2. 7 million to 3. 9 million people have chronic hepatitis C, at least 20, 000 a year die from it and it is the leading cause of liver transplants, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Globally, the World Health Organization reports 130 million to 150 million current chronic cases, and 700, 000 deaths per year. The virus is   and the most common source of infection is   among people who use illicit drugs. In the United States before 1992, when a test became available to screen donated blood, many cases were caused by transfusions. In countries where the blood supply is not screened, transfusions still pose a risk. Needlestick injuries and other hospital accidents may also cause some cases. There is no vaccine to prevent the infection, so treatments have long been eagerly sought. The drugs covered in the new report include two blockbusters, Sovaldi and Harvoni, both made by Gilead Sciences and priced at $1, 000 a pill, with billions of dollars in sales. Sovaldi was approved in 2013, and Harvoni in 2014. These drugs and other antivirals can cure the disease in 12 weeks in many patients. Earlier drugs were less effective, had to be taken for much longer and had harsh side effects that left many patients unable to finish the course of therapy. About 250, 000 people took the newer drugs in 2015, the report said, at tremendous expense: $55, 000 to $125, 000 per patient. In those treated during the year ending June 30, 2016, the report identified 524 with liver failure, 165 of whom died. Of those with liver failure, 386 were from outside the United States. An additional 1, 058 had severe liver injury, and in 761 the drugs appeared not to work. But whether the drugs were to blame is not known. The problems were observed by doctors who suspected drugs were the cause, but that does not prove cause and effect. And details about the patients’ medical histories were not available. A spokesman for Gilead, Mark Snyder, wrote in an email, “We closely assess both   safety reports as well as safety data from our clinical trials on an ongoing basis and have found no suggestion of a causal relationship between Sovaldi or Harvoni and liver failure. ” He added that Gilead’s drugs had been approved for people with severe liver disease from hepatitis C, and that some would inevitably suffer liver failure despite the best treatment. The F. D. A. received a copy of the report, but declined to discuss it. A spokeswoman, Theresa Eisenman, wrote in an email, “The F. D. A. does not typically comment on specific studies, but evaluates them as part of the body of evidence to further our understanding about a particular issue and assist in our mission to protect public health. ” For all types of drugs, the agency received nearly 300, 000 new reports of adverse events during the second quarter of 2016, from the United States and other countries. Most of the events were described by doctors and other health professionals. Because reporting is voluntary for doctors, researchers generally suspect that many problems go unreported and that the real number is higher. In October, the F. D. A. identified the first major safety problem caused by the nine antiviral drugs. In 24 patients, the drugs wiped out hepatitis C  —   but also reactivated hepatitis B infections that had been dormant. Two of those patients died, and one needed a liver transplant. The agency said there were probably additional cases that had not been reported. As a result, the agency required that a boxed warning, its most prominent advisory, be added to the labeling of the newer antivirals, telling doctors to screen and monitor for hepatitis B in all patients taking the drugs for hepatitis C. Infection with both viruses is not common, and how the reactivation occurs is not known. The problem was not detected during premarket testing of the drugs because patients who currently had hepatitis B or who had a history of it were not allowed into the studies. With testing and the right treatment, Dr. Brown said, hepatitis B reactivation should be completely preventable. The other cases of liver failure are a separate problem. He said it was important for doctors prescribing the newer drugs to test patients’ liver function thoroughly first, because liver disease can be deceptive, and people who look well may actually be on the brink of liver failure and therefore not candidates for the drugs. Thomas J. Moore, a senior scientist at the Institute for Safe Medication Practices and an author of the report, said the study reflected a larger question about the drug approval process. Approval for the newer hepatitis C drugs was expedited because better treatments were so badly needed. But does the rush to market come at a price? “Gosh, here is something that really qualifies as a breakthrough, and we have policies to get it into use as quickly as possible, which means we know less about it,” Mr. Moore said. “Benefits and side effects evolve over the long term, not over 12 weeks. ”",0
11219,Condom-clogged Pipe Triggers Texas Brothel Bust,"Police Officers discovered a prostitution ring in a massage parlor after a sewer line became clogged with condoms. [The massage parlor in Northwest Austin was discovered to be a prostitution ring after a sewer pipe at the business was destroyed by hundreds of condoms, according to the Austin  .  A realty company had recently taken over the property, located in a shopping center, where the prostitution ring was doing business as Jade Massage Therapy LLC. Police were   about the prostitution ring in early February when, according to an affidavit, several tenants became worried that illicit activities were occurring after an industrial disposal unit connected to the City’s sewer line was clogged with hundreds of condoms. The clogged line was not the only piece of evidence that led investigators to uncovering the ring allegedly owned by a woman named Juan Wang and her husband, Joseph Emery. Two days prior to receiving the tip, Wang was reportedly stopped by security at   International Airport after she was discovered carrying $30, 000 in cash. Wang reportedly told police that the money was for a medical procedure she had been saving for in China. Wang allegedly claimed that she only made $20, 000 a year at Jade Massage. When the police pointed out to her that she was carrying 18 months of income, she reportedly became visibly nervous. She gave the police a contact phone number to reach her at and then boarded her flight to China. When police investigated the phone number, they reportedly discovered it was linked to a Backpage. com account that had  for “sexual services” at her business. Police were able to obtain a search warrant based off the evidence gathered and executed it on March 22. Investigators found reportedly Wang with a naked man and another nude couple in a separate room. They also found more than $65, 000 in a safe at Wang and Emery’s home, according to the local paper. Investigators claimed that 12 women worked at Jade Massage lived with Wang and Emery at their home. Police found records of the names with hundreds of receipts with excessive tips paid. Wang and Emery have not yet been placed in custody as of Tuesday, but they face charges of engaging in organized criminal activity and money laundering. Ryan Saavedra is a contributor for Breitbart Texas and can be found on Twitter at @RealSaavedra.",0
11220,"UK Prepares For War, Sends Tanks & Soldiers To Russia’s Border","Posted on October 26, 2016 by Edmondo Burr in News , UK // 0 Comments In a show of force against Russia, the UK is sending 800 soldiers with tanks and drones to take up a “serious military presence” near Russia’s western border with Estonia. 
It comes just days after Russian ships sailed through the English Channel testing British defences on their way to the Mediterranean for possible offensive operations in Syria. 
International tensions are mounting as communications between America and Russia over their operations in Syria break down. 
The Daily Express report: 
British soldiers will travel to Estonia in what is one of the biggest build-ups of foreign firepower on Russia’s border since the Cold War. 
The move will take place next spring, with Denmark and France also taking part in the huge military exercise. 
The project was revealed by Defence Secretary Michael Fallon, who said the UK’s forces will be “fully combat-capable”. 
He said: “That battalion will be defensive in nature, but it will be fully combat-capable. 
“This is about two things: reassurance, and that needs to be done with some formidable presence, and deterrence. 
“This is not simply a trip-wire. This is a serious military presence.” 
Cold War-style tensions between Moscow and Washington took a further dip this week after the US revealed plans to station marines in Norway – just a few hundred miles from the border with Russia. 
Officials in Norway and the US said they were considering a deal for extra equipment and training for the Scandinavian country. 
Russia has reacted angrily to the plans, saying there was “the absence of threat from Russia to Norway”. 
Mr Putin made a similar show of force last month, when he orchestrated a military evacuation drill including a staggering 40 million people. 
The huge four-day “civil defence” drill set alarm bells ringing in Washington and London, with tensions already high over disagreements in Syria. 
Russia’s Ministry for Civil Defence, Emergencies and Elimination of Consequences of Natural Disaster revealed 40 million civilians, 200,000 emergency rescuers and 50,000 units of equipment were involved in the war game, which ran from October 4 to October 7. 
And last month two RAF jets were scrambled to intercept Russian bombers which had flown threateningly close to British airspace. 
While the two Russian Blackjack bombers did not enter British airspace, authorities were alarmed when they passed to the west of the Shetland Islands. 
The Ministry of Defence revealed jets from RAF Lossiemouth and RAF Coningsby were eventually launched as a “precautionary measure”. 
The Russian planes, which had travelled from the direction of Norway, then continued their route away from Britain. 
A similar incident occurred again last, when the RAF were twice forced to scramble jets to intercept Russian bombers. 
Putin’s aircrafts flew in an “area of interest” off the coast of Scotland on October 12 and October 16, the MoD revealed. This latest development comes amid a massive break-down in communication between America and Russia over their operations in Syria. 
A spokesman for the US State Department said earlier this month: “Extremist groups will continue to exploit the vacuums that are there in Syria to expand their operations. 
A spokesman for the US State Department said earlier this month: “Extremist groups will continue to exploit the vacuums that are there in Syria to expand their operations. 
“This could include attacks against Russian interests, perhaps even Russian cities. 
“Russia will continue to send troops home in body bags, and will continue to lose resources, perhaps even aircraft.”",0
11221,Sweden Launches Program to Stem Surge in Anti-Semitism and Holocaust Denial,"The Jerusalem Post reports: With surveys showing “lots of Swedish Jews are afraid of showing their Jewishness,” Stockholm has stepped up efforts to teach about the Holocaust as a means of fighting against antisemitism, the director of a   program targeting the issue said. [“The Swedish government is investing a lot of money to combat the phenomenon of antisemitism and Islamophobia,” Ingrid Lomfors, director of the Living History Forum in Sweden added, in an interview with The Jerusalem Post this past week. The Forum is a public authority established by Sweden some 15 years ago with the aim of “promoting democracy, tolerance and human rights using the Holocaust as a starting point. ”  In November the government announced an additional 156 million Krona (NIS 65 million) stipend to develop a new national program for Holocaust remembrance, with the aim of combating antisemitism and racism. Read more here.",0
11222,Renegotiate Nafta? Mexicans Say Get On With It - The New York Times,"MEXICO CITY  —   For more than two decades, free trade has been at the heart of Mexico’s relationship with America, responsible for pumping a stream of vehicles, audio components and avocados north and cheap corn, cattle and software south. To the nation’s leaders, it was central, vital, nonnegotiable. At least until President Trump came along, promising to upend nearly $500 billion in annual trade between the two countries if it could not be   more in America’s favor. Now, the Mexico’s leaders have a new priority: urging their American counterparts to hurry up and get on with it. While free trade has long been an article of faith in Mexico, uncertainty over the fate of the North American Free Trade Agreement is hitting the country hard. There has been an abrupt slowdown in foreign investment, pinching off   capital as investors wait to see how things shake out. Last year, such investment fell by 6 percent, a prelude to what analysts have predicted will be a 21 percent drop in 2017. Add to that a fluttering peso, lowered growth expectations, rising interest rates and looming political headwinds, and the urgency becomes clear. Mexico, and its investors, need certainty. For the moment, the Americans are not giving it to them, and don’t seem in a rush to do so. This month, Commerce Secretary Wilbur L. Ross said it would be later in the year before real talks even started  —   after a mandatory   consultation period with Congress, which has yet to start. The delay has irked the Mexicans, who didn’t want to renegotiate the pact in the first place. “From the Trump and American perspective, this is purely an optional problem,” said Michael Camuñez, the president of ManattJones Global Strategies and an assistant secretary of commerce in the Obama administration. “They have taken one of the most productive trade relationships in the world and amazingly have turned it into a problem. ” Driving the pressure is an especially delicate political environment in Mexico. President Enrique Peña Nieto’s approval ratings are near single digits, and further delays in clarifying the future of Nafta could imperil not only growth, but also employment at a time when the government can least afford to lose support. Adding to the uncertainty are midterm elections in the State of Mexico, the country’s most populous, from which the president hails. The state, a longtime center of power for Mr. Peña Nieto and his party, will hold elections on June 4, and it is far from clear that his party will win. A loss would be a devastating blow to the party, which has never lost there before, and would spell trouble in the 2018 presidential elections. Which presents yet another paradox: The longer the Americans wait on Nafta negotiations, the more political pressure it places on Mr. Peña Nieto, reducing the flexibility he has to accommodate demands, or surprises, from Mr. Trump’s team. For instance, if job losses begin to mount within the next six months, as some economists predict, the public pressure on the president may be so immense he could have a much harder time selling a revised agreement to Congress and Mexicans at large. “The longer we wait, the harder it is going to be for Trump to get what he wants because the nationalist pressure on Peña Nieto will be cumulative,” said Pamela Starr, an associate professor of international relations at the University of Southern California. “The longer he is in the presidency, from today forward, the more of a lame duck he is. ” All of this means that the leverage Mr. Trump is looking for could start to diminish. Already, the Mexican government has grown more stridently critical of the Trump administration’s stance on Nafta. The Mexican economic minister has said the nation will walk away from any deal that does not suit the country’s needs, and even proffered a list of  : any sort of discussion of paying for a border wall, taxing remittances or carrying out a   border adjustment tax. At the same time, there is a growing awareness that dealing with Nafta, a campaign priority for Mr. Trump, has suddenly taken a back seat to more pressing battles. And Mexicans have taken note. “It is clear that Trump’s priority right now in terms of his agenda is to try to pass Trumpcare, and we know how long that takes,” said Carlos Elizondo, a professor at the School of Government at the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education. “The outcome of that debate and process in the U. S. Congress will undoubtedly affect every other item on his list, including, of course, Nafta. ” That could be a saving grace. Those reading the tea leaves of an eventual negotiation are hopeful that with Mr. Trump distracted, administration officials, including Mr. Ross, Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson and others will take control of the talks. Both men have run global businesses in complex industries, and many here hope that will give them a more nuanced view of trade. An evolving belief in the realm of business people, academics and even officials is that members of Mr. Trump’s cabinet will understand the importance of Nafta, and move to preserve and expand it  —   not tear it apart. “When you know the kind of value chain that we have, you understand that it is a very difficult world to destroy, almost impossible,” said Juan Pablo del Valle Perochena, the chief executive of Mexichem, a Mexican chemical and building materials manufacturer. “There is so much at stake, of course, more for Mexico than the U. S. but there is a lot of value already in place. And when people understand that, they don’t worry so much. ” Still, the uncertainty has had a clear impact on the Mexican economy. The peso dropped by   percentages after Mr. Trump’s election, forcing the central bank of Mexico to raise interest rates in February to an   high to anchor inflation and bolster the currency, which has since rebounded. Expecting further pressure from the tense relationship with the United States, economists from an array of institutions have revised downward the expected 2017 growth for Mexico. Bancomer, a Mexican bank, for instance, revised its growth expectations for the Mexican economy to 1. 0 percent for the year. Delays that might bleed into 2018 will place negotiations in the middle of a presidential election year in Mexico. Indeed, some analysts suggest that Mr. Peña Nieto could kick the decision to his successor if negotiations go on too long. That, according to some, could be disastrous for those hoping to preserve Nafta. The leading candidate, for now, is Andrés Manuel López Obrador, a populist whose candidacy has been given a major boost by the election of Mr. Trump. Mr. López Obrador, a   candidate who nearly won the election in 2006, has promised to end a relationship of “subordination” to the United States, while focusing on domestic issues. It is unlikely that Mr. López Obrador will take as conciliatory a line in negotiations as the current administration. “The temptation to simply delay the negotiation until it becomes the next president’s problem is real,” Mr. Elizondo said.",0
11223,"Donald Trump, Republican Party, Marijuana: Your Wednesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. The surprise election of Donald Trump, a real estate    television star with no government experience, upended the political order in the United States and around the world. Mr. Trump marshaled   white and   voters disaffected by globalization and multiculturalism, waging a campaign that traded in derision and attacked the legitimacy of the political process. ____ 2. Mr. Trump turned to assembling his White House team. There are some familiar names among the potential candidates: Rudolph W. Giuliani, above, a former mayor of New York Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey and Newt Gingrich, a former speaker of the House. Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, a crucial adviser on policy issues, and Steven Mnuchin, a businessman who was Mr. Trump’s national finance chairman, are also among those being considered as cabinet secretaries and advisers. ____ 3. Both Hillary Clinton and President Obama were stung by the voters’ repudiation, but reinforced the importance of a peaceful, orderly transition of power. Mrs. Clinton, who said the loss was “painful, and it will be for a long time,” also insisted that the nation owed Mr. Trump “an open mind and a chance to lead. ” ____ 4. In cities across the nation, like Oakland, Calif. above, people hit the streets to vent their anger at Mr. Trump’s election. A crowd of protesters in Oregon burned American flags and chanted, “That’s not my president. ” But many Americans are glad. In a former Pennsylvania steel town that was once a Democratic stronghold, people watched the returns Tuesday with mounting satisfaction. “He’s killing it  —   that’s our next president,” said one voter. Mr. Trump reshaped the election map with large gains across rural America, most significantly from industrial Midwest counties where whites without a college education made up the majority. ____ 5. “Call it pink and blue America. ” Our senior correspondent on gender issues writes that the election shows how much men and women still talk past one another. A crowd of women attended Mrs. Clinton’s concession speech, to bid her an anguished farewell. “I know now that we live in two different Americas,” said one woman. “And one clearly doesn’t know the other at all. ” ____ 6. Global markets stabilized after an initial plunge. But uncertainty over Mr. Trump’s agenda, along with his distrust of trade pacts and climate change, raised international concerns. Vladimir V. Putin expressed hope for a “constructive dialogue” with Mr. Trump, whose lack of foreign policy experience and friendly positions toward Russia could play into the Kremlin’s hands. The Chinese president, Xi Jinping, sent a short congratulatory note, but made no mention of Mr. Trump’s promises to confront Beijing on trade and currency issues. ____ 7. Mr. Trump’s sweep was unforeseen, undercutting the credibility of much of the American news media and the enormous efforts put into polling and analysis. As with the “Brexit” referendum that astonished Britain a few months ago, much of the prominent coverage failed to capture the level of popular fury. The   host Stephen Colbert was swept up in a surreal, disconcerting broadcast when he and the guests on his live   special began realizing that Mr. Trump was winning. ____ 8. The Republicans will now control the White House and both houses of Congress, as well as more statehouses than at any point in history. Mr. Trump’s unanticipated strength in several key battleground states helped G. O. P. candidates fend off numerous Democratic challengers in the Senate. The Supreme Court will tilt right again, with one vacant seat almost certain to be filled by a conservative. And there’s the prospect of several more openings during Mr. Trump’s tenure. ____ 9. With the help of the   House and Senate, Mr. Trump’s campaign promise to repeal the Affordable Care Act could become reality. But it’s not clear how many of the promises he made on the campaign trail  —   like building a wall on the Mexican border or making sweeping changes to immigration policy  —   will be pursued. Here’s a look at where he stands on some of the issues that could fundamentally change the direction of the U. S. ____ 10. Finally, the presidential election wasn’t the only marker of the country’s changing attitudes. The national movement to legalize marijuana took a huge leap with the addition of three states  —   California, Massachusetts and Nevada  —   approving recreational use of the drug. With Alaska, Colorado, Oregon and Washington having previously approved recreational marijuana measures, Tuesday’s votes created a bloc that stretches across the West Coast. But the federal government’s ban on the drug continues, and a Trump White House may not be friendly to overturning it. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
11224,Putin Admin Threatens Norway with Nuclear War Over Build Up of US Forces,"A proper foreign policy should be neither rash nor cowardly. It should be based on geopolitical facts, not emotions. And it should be consistent with the nation’s guiding principles, as well as internally consistent – meaning that the components of the foreign policy don’t conflict with each other. 
Via TruthAndAction 

It should be affordable, and recognize the nation’s strengths and weaknesses. None of this requires a genius to figure out. In other words, a proper foreign policy is exactly what we do not have in the United States. It’s difficult to imagine a more stupid foreign policy than one of using NATO to provoke Russia.
Scroll Down Below For Video NATO should have been disbanded when the Soviet empire fell. Of course, ending a government program, regardless of how useless or detrimental it is, is all but impossible. The Obama Administration’s foreign policy in Eastern Europe is one of lunacy as NATO and Russia appear to be preparing for war.
Nobody should admire cowardice. But recklessness needs to be condemned as well. When a nation engages others to assist it in taking rash and provocative actions, it needs to be called out for the danger it is. The military buildup in Eastern Europe, largely sponsored by the Obama Administration, supported by Hillary Clinton, and conducted through NATO, has the potential to trigger the unthinkable.
A key Russian defence figure says the deployment of US Marines at Værnes is part of a US buildup to go on a “global blitz” and warned that Norway may make itself a target for a potential nuclear attack. Frants Klintsevitsj, a deputy chairman of Russia’s defence and security committee, told TV2 that Russia views the presence of 330 Marines in Norway as a direct military threat that demands a reaction. Klintsevitsj, considered one of Russia’s most influential defence politicians, said that Norway may now be added to “the list of targets for our strategic weapons”. Frants Klintsevitsj, a deputy chairman of Russia’s defence and security committee, told TV2 that Russia views the presence of 330 Marines in Norway as a direct military threat that demands a reaction.
Klintsevitsj, considered one of Russia’s most influential defence politicians, said that Norway may now be added to “the list of targets for our strategic weapons”.
“This is very dangerous for Norway and Norwegians,” he said.
Apparently Norway’s Defense Minister isn’t too concerned about all of this. He should be.
Russia has on several occasions criticized the plans to deploy 330 US troops at Værnes. Norway’s defence minister, Ine Eriksen Søreide, has rejected those criticisms and insisted that the deployment does not constitute a US military base but is rather a test run that will be evaluated during 2017.
“There is no objective reason for the Russians to react to this. But the Russians are reacting at the moment in the same way toward almost everything the Nato countries are doing,” Søreide said.
Now a bit of history to put this into context.
Before joining Nato in 1949, Norway allayed Russian fears by pledging not to open its territory to foreign combat troops so long as Norway was not attacked or threatened with attack.
Something changed.
The perspective of this article may appear to be pro-Russia, but the truth is that the intention is to be neither pro-Russia, nor anti-Russia, but pro-US. It’s difficult to see how an Obama Administration sponsored military build-up on Russia’s western border is pro-US. Using NATO as a cover doesn’t help or give it legitimacy. It just drags other countries into a potential nuclear conflict with Russia. And for what?
",0
11225,"33 U.S. Service Members Have Contracted Zika, Pentagon Says - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   More than 30   American service members  —   including a pregnant woman  —   have contracted the   Zika virus in countries where the disease has been identified, Pentagon officials said on Wednesday. Maj. Ben Sakrisson, a Pentagon spokesman, said the Defense Department has been tracking Zika in servicemen and women abroad since January, and that the number had reached 33 this month. Pentagon officials did not identify the countries where the service members had contracted the virus, but said that they had all been previously identified by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention as places where mosquitoes with the disease are present. The Pentagon has informed service members in affected areas to take precautions, Major Sakrisson said, and pregnant women in affected areas are being given the option of relocating. Military personnel in affected areas are advised to use insect repellent and to wear appropriate clothing. The news was first reported on Monday by Military Times. As of July 26, the C. D. C. was reporting active Zika virus transmissions in most of Central and South America with the exception of Chile and Uruguay, as well as in Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Tonga, the Marshall Islands, American Samoa and Fiji. The C. D. C. was also reporting active Zika transmissions in Cape Verde, off the coast of Senegal. The Army is working with outside scientists to develop a Zika vaccine, military officials said. Last month a Congressional measure to help fund the Zika response died amid bickering between Democrats and Republicans and despite agreement that the virus, which can cause serious birth defects, is a public health emergency. It failed after House Republicans refused to accept a bipartisan compromise reached in the Senate, and inserted clauses that reignited old disputes over government financing for Planned Parenthood. Last week Florida officials reported the first signs of local transmission of Zika in the continental United States, in a Miami neighborhood. By Monday, federal health officials were urging pregnant women to stay away from the neighborhood, in apparently the first time that the C. D. C. has advised people not to travel to a place in the continental United States. Officials said that the number of Zika cases in Florida caused by local mosquitoes had risen to 14 from four announced last Friday: 12 men and two women. But they maintained that they did not expect the number of cases there to grow into anything like the epidemic that has raged across Latin America in recent months. The Pentagon did not give details about the status of the pregnant woman or her baby. Zika has strained health resources throughout Latin America. The epidemic is now affecting Puerto Rico, with two percent of recent blood donors there reportedly infected, and hundreds of pregnant women testing positive. The disease has been linked to birth defects like microcephaly. As of July 27, 1, 658 cases of Zika in the continental United States and Hawaii have been reported to the C. D. C. with the majority of them contracted through exposure to mosquitoes outside the United States. Representative Ileana   Republican of Florida, sent a letter to the C. D. C. on Wednesday signed by the entire Florida congressional delegation saying that Florida needed more funding to fight Zika. “The virus is finally here in our community and   and   from federal agencies with the power to do more are of little comfort to families throughout our state,” Ms.   said in a statement, which also called the $720, 000 of $16 million of new funding allocated to Florida “paltry. ”",0
11226,"Robert James Waller, Author of ‘The Bridges of Madison County,’ Dies at 77 - The New York Times","Robert James Waller, whose gauzy, romantic novel “The Bridges of Madison County” became a runaway best seller on its publication in 1992 and the basis of a popular film, died on Friday at his home in Fredericksburg, Tex. He was 77. The cause was multiple myeloma, his daughter, Rachael Waller, said. The novel came out of the blue. Mr. Waller, on leave from teaching business at the University of Northern Iowa, was shooting pictures with a friend along the Mississippi River in the early 1990s when he decided to make a detour and photograph covered bridges in Madison County, Iowa. He was an enthusiastic guitarist and singer, and years earlier he had written a song about the dreams of a woman named Francesca. An idea stirred. Two weeks later he had completed the manuscript of “The Bridges of Madison County. ” It told the tale of Francesca, a    Italian war bride on an Iowa farm whose life takes an unexpected turn when Robert Kincaid, 52, a   photographer, stops by one day to ask directions to the Roseman Covered Bridge. She is temporarily alone, her husband and two children away at the state fair. Francesca and Robert discover that they are kindred spirits, athirst for love, and a torrid affair commences. It lasts just four days  —   but four days unlike any other. “God or the universe or whatever one chooses to label the great systems of balance and order does not recognize ” Kincaid tells her in a   letter. “To the universe four days is no different than four billion  . ” Many critics found the characters unconvincing, the sentiments sappy and the writing overripe. Kincaid, who called himself “one of the last cowboys,” was fond of delivering statements like “I am the highway and a peregrine and all the sails that ever went to sea. ” Millions of readers, however, found Mr. Waller’s story of reawakened love deeply moving. The Orlando Sentinel spoke for them when it wrote, “This lyrically written first novel is as perfect as a tear  —   and don’t be surprised if you shed a few upon reading it. ” Oprah Winfrey, who broadcast a special edition of her television show from Madison County, called it “a gift to the country. ” “Bridges” leapt to the top of the   lists and stayed there, eventually outselling “Gone With the Wind. ” It took root on The New York Times’s list and remained there for three years, becoming, as Entertainment Weekly put it, “The Book That Would Not Die. ” The film, released in 1995, starred Meryl Streep and Clint Eastwood and was directed by Mr. Eastwood. It was also reincarnated as a Broadway musical in 2014, starring Kelli O’Hara and Steven Pasquale. Robert James Waller Jr. was born on Aug. 1, 1939, in Charles City, Iowa, and grew up in nearby Rockford, about 125 miles northeast of Des Moines. His father was a    wholesaler and a local magistrate. His mother, the former Ruth Welch, was a homemaker. He won a basketball scholarship to the University of Iowa but transferred in his freshman year to Iowa State Teachers College (renamed the State College of Iowa in 1961). While an undergraduate, he married Georgia Wiedemeier, whom he had met at a dance in Iowa City. The marriage ended in divorce. In addition to his daughter, he is survived by his wife, Linda Bow, and a granddaughter. Mr. Waller earned a bachelor’s degree in business education in 1962 and a master’s in education in 1964 before pursuing graduate work at Indiana University’s school of business. He was awarded a doctorate of business administration in finance in 1968. His thesis was on the American guitar industry. He returned to his undergraduate alma mater, renamed the University of Northern Iowa in 1967, and taught management and economics there. In 1980 he was appointed dean of its business school. On the side he began writing travel and nature essays for The Des Moines Register’s Sunday edition. These were collected in “Just Beyond the Firelight: Stories and Essays” (1988) and “One Good Road Is Enough” (1990). Fed up with teaching, Mr. Waller took an unpaid leave of absence in 1990 and obtained a $200, 000 grant from the state to study the future of the region. His report, “Iowa: Perspectives on Today and Tomorrow,” was published in 1991. With “Bridges” still riding high, Mr. Waller recorded an album, “The Ballads of Madison County,” and in 10 days wrote his second novel, “Slow Waltz in Cedar Bend,” about the love affair between an economics professor and a colleague’s wife. With a first printing of a million copies, it, too, shot to the top of the   lists. Seeking solitude, Mr. Waller moved to a   ranch in Alpine, Tex. southeast of El Paso. The high desert country provided the setting for his novels “Puerto Vallarta Squeeze: The Run for el Norte” (1995) and “Border Music” (1995). Both sold well, but not spectacularly. Mr. Waller decided to revisit the scene of his first novel in “A Thousand Country Roads: An Epilogue to The Bridges of Madison County,” published in 2002. It continued the adventures of an older, lonelier Kincaid, who hits the road again and, at one point, finds his way back to   territory. In his next novel, “High Plains Tango” (2005) Mr. Waller passed the generational baton to Kincaid’s son, a master carpenter who battles to stop development on the site of an Indian burial ground in South Dakota. Mr. Waller’s last novel, “The Long Night of Winchell Dear” (2006) was a taut, atmospheric thriller about a retired professional poker player and a fateful night at his ranch in the Texas desert. The romantic flame ignited by “The Bridges of Madison County” was slow to die. “I receive letters each week from people who have read it and are moved by the story,” Mr. Waller told Book Page in 2005. “At one time, I received 50 to 100 letters per week. Now it’s more on the order of five. The last I knew, 350 marriage ceremonies had been celebrated at Roseman Bridge. ”",0
11227,"Julian Assange Says Trump Won’t Be Allowed To Win, “Clinton And ISIS Are Funded By The Same Money”","We Are Change 
One day after Julian Assange officially revealed for the first time that the source of hacked Podesta and DNC emails in Wikileaks’ possession is not Russia, in the second excerpt from the John Pilger Special, to be broadcast by RT on Saturday Julian Assange accuses Hillary Clinton of misleading Americans about the true scope of Islamic State’s support from Washington’s Middle East allies.
As previously reported, in an August 17, 2014 email made public WikiLeaks last month, Hillary Clinton, who had served as secretary of state until the year before, urges John Podesta, then an advisor to Barack Obama, to “bring pressure” on Qatar and Saudi Arabia, “which are providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIS and other radical Sunni groups.”
“I think this is the most significant email in the whole collection,” Assange, whose whistle-blowing site released three tranches of Clinton-related emails over the past year, told Pilger in the interview.
“All serious analysts know, and even the US government has agreed, that some Saudi figures have been supporting ISIS and funding ISIS, but the dodge has always been that it is some “rogue” princes using their oil money to do whatever they like, but actually the government disapproves. But that email says that it is the government of Saudi Arabia, and the government of Qatar that have been funding ISIS.” 
As recounted by RT , Assange and Pilger, who sat down for their 25-minute interview at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London where the whistleblower has been a refugee since 2012, also talked about the conflict of interest between Clinton’s official post, her husband’s nonprofit, and the Middle East officials, whose stated desire to fight terrorism may not have been sincere.
John Pilger: The Saudis, the Qataris, the Moroccans, the Bahrainis, particularly the first two, are giving all this money to the Clinton Foundation, while Hillary Clinton is secretary of state, and the State Department is approving massive arms sales, particularly Saudi Arabia.
Julian Assange: Under Hillary Clinton – and the Clinton emails reveal a significant discussion of it – the biggest-ever arms deal in the world was made with Saudi Arabia: more than $80 billion. During her tenure, the total arms exports from the US doubled in dollar value.
JP: Of course, the consequence of that is that this notorious jihadist group, called ISIL or ISIS, is created largely with money from people who are giving money to the Clinton Foundation?
JA: Yes.
The conversation then turns to the imminent presidential election: Pilger questioned Assange over increasingly frequent accusations from the Clinton camp, and Western media, that WikiLeaks is looking to swing next week’s US presidential election in favor of Donald Trump – perhaps at Russia’s behest.
However, just as he did last week, Assange again dismissed the prospect of Trump, who is almost tied in the polls, winning as unlikely, and not necessarily due to his standing with the electorate.
‘Trump won’t be permitted to win’ “My analysis is that Trump would not be permitted to win. Why do I say that? Because he has had every establishment off his side. Trump does not have one establishment, maybe with the exception of the Evangelicals, if you can call them an establishment,” said Assange. “Banks, intelligence, arms companies, foreign money, etc. are all united behind Hillary Clinton. And the media as well. Media owners, and the journalists themselves.”
JP: The accusations that WikiLeaks is in league with the Russians and you hear people saying, “Well, why doesn’t WikiLeaks investigate and publish emails on Russia?” 
JA: We have published over 800,000 documents of various kinds that relate to Russia. Most of those are critical. And… a great many books have come out of our publications about Russia, most of which are critical. And our documents have gone on to be used in quite a number of court cases, refugee cases of people fleeing some kinds of claimed political persecution in Russia, which they use our documents to back up.
JP: Do you take yourself a view of the US election? Do you have a preference for Clinton or Trump? 
JA: Donald Trump – what does he represent in the American mind and in the European mind? He represents American “white trash,” deplorable and irredeemable. Basically, the same thing. It means, from a… establishment or educated, cosmopolitan, urbane perspective, these people are, you know, like the rednecks, and you can’t… like, they are just… you can never deal with them. And because he so clearly – through his words and actions and the type of people that turns up at his rallies – represents the people who are not the upper-middle-class-educated, there is a fear of seeming to be associated in any way with that, a social fear that lowers the class status of anyone who can be accused of somehow assisting in any way Trump, including criticizing Clinton. And if you look at how the middle class gains its economic and social power, it makes absolute sense.
He is right, but the same was said about Brexit. 
Sources; http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-11-04/julian-assange-says-trump-wont-be-allowed-win-clinton-and-isis-are-funded-same-money 
https://www.rt.com/news/365405-assange-pilger-full-transcript/ 
Follow WE ARE CHANGE on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow We are change We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post Julian Assange Says Trump Won’t Be Allowed To Win, “Clinton And ISIS Are Funded By The Same Money” appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
11228,Oklahoma City Catholic Worker Calls for Boycott of the 2016 National Collection for the Archdiocese of Military Services,"Bob Waldrop, founder of the Oscar Romero Catholic Worker House in Oklahoma City, is calling for a boycott of the 2016 national collection in Catholic churches for the Archdiocese of Military Services, accusing the military bishops of material cooperation with the objective evil of unjust war. To facilitate the boycott, he has prepared a half page document that can be printed and placed in the collection plate or offering envelope the weekend of November 5-6, 2016, when the offering is to be collected. A PDF version of the document is available at www.justpeace.org/mscollection.pdf . This has two copies on one page to facilitate distribution.
Text of the boycott call:
I am not giving to the 2016 Archdiocese for Military Services Collection.
The bishops of the Archdiocese for Military Services, together with nearly all of their brother United States Bishops, are guilty of material cooperation with the objective evil of unjust war . In 2003, both Pope John Paul II and then Cardinal Ratzinger , who later became Benedict XVI, condemned our attack on Iraq as an unjust war. In spite of the Pope’s opposition, the Most Rev. Edwin O’Brien , then Archbishop for the Military Services advised Catholic members of the US Armed Forces: “Given the complexity of factors involved, many of which understandably remain confidential, it is altogether appropriate for members of our armed forces to presume the integrity of our leadership and its judgments and therefore to carry out their military duties in good conscience.”	
			
Subsequent events have sadly proven the truth, wisdom, and prudence of Pope John Paul II’s judgment, and the fallacy and danger of the moral relativism embraced by the Bishops of the Archdiocese for Military Services and most of the other US Catholic Bishops regarding unjust war. The consequences cascading from our invasion brought death and injury and social dislocation to hundreds of thousands and devastated the historic Christian communities of Iraq and subsequently Syria. It may fairly be said that those who enabled and supported the war on the people of Iraq are ""secondary terrorists"" in that they created the objective conditions on the ground in the Middle East that are driving the extreme forms of terrorism currently prevalent in the region. Actions have consequences and those who propose the actions must own the consequences.
Therefore, because of these issues, I am not giving to the collection for the Archdiocese of Military Services. Instead, I will donate to an organization working to resolve the problems caused by war.
It is a sad and scandalous day when a people’s religious leaders fail them so egregiously. I promise to pray for the conversion of the Military Services hierarchy and clergy, and for the moral and physical protection of the members of our Armed Services, who are our sisters, brothers, fathers, mothers, and children. They deserve religious leaders who will courageously preach and teach all of the Gospel of Christ, not just that which is acceptable to the United States Government.
Text prepared by Bob Waldrop, Oscar Romero Catholic Worker House, Oklahoma City. PDF suitable for download and copying is available at www.justpeace.org/mscollection.pdf . Place this document in the collection plate or offering envelope for the Military Services collection the weekend of November 5-6. We invite those responsible for forwarding these offerings to the Military Services Archdiocese to also send any of these documents that parishioners give in lieu of a money donation.
Bob Waldrop is the founder of the Oscar Romero Catholic Worker House in Oklahoma City, which works in food security and for justice and peace. He has consistently opposed all of the United States military adventures since the 1970s when he met Justin Raimondo and Eric Garris tabling for the Libertarian Party at the San Jose Flea Market. He has been a consistent critic of the poor performance of the United States Catholic Bishops on the issues of war and peace since the embargo on the civilian economy of Iraq. His antiwar paper trail is at http://www.justpeace.org/warresponse.htm. He gardens, reads science fiction, and works as a church musician.
Bob Waldrop is the founder of the Oscar Romero Catholic Worker House in Oklahoma City, which works in food security and for justice and peace. He has consistently opposed all of the United States military adventures since the 1970s when he met Justin Raimondo and Eric Garris tabling for the Libertarian Party at the San Jose Flea Market. He has been a consistent critic of the poor performance of the United States Catholic Bishops on the issues of war and peace since the embargo on the civilian economy of Iraq. His anti-war paper trail is at http://www.justpeace.org/warresponse.htm . He gardens, reads science fiction, and works as a church musician. 
",0
11229,Giant James May terrorises Kent after being given ‘wrong kind of growth hormones’,"November 17, 2016 
Kent woke today to scenes of carnage after a giant James May roamed the countryside overnight, leaving a trail of destruction in his wake. 
Scientists at the Kent Institute of Pharmacology admitted that May, 47, had agreed to take part in a trial of an experimental new drug aimed at getting middle-aged men to ‘just grow up’. Unfortunately the drug had the undesired effect of making him grow to five storeys tall, from which height it is believed that May’s instinct ‘to treat everything like a giant train set’ kicked in. 
Whitstable was particularly badly hit when rush hour traffic was swept off the road by May’s huge hands so he could force Jeremy Clarkson and Richard Hammond to race each other in two Robin Reliants made of lego. Eyewitness said he later tried to attach an electricity pylon to Clarkson’s car so he could play scaletrix but grew enraged when the wires tangled in his ample fringe, and threw Clarkson over a hill, before running off in the direction of Ashford. 
Despite a body count of 3000 and rising, residents of Kent are urged to remain calm, and to talk about cars as much as possible in the hope of creating a familiar and soothing background noise for the confused beast. They are also urged to protect their homes and vehicles by putting up the posters Oz Clarke being airdropped by the RAF across the county. 
Richard Hammond strenuously denied that this is yet another zany Top Gear stunt, claiming that ‘a giant James May wandering around causing mayhem really wouldn’t be that entertaining’. Jeremy Clarkson meanwhile hit back at Kent Council’s objection James May destroying the centre of Canterbury and killing thousands; ‘It’s just another example of the health and safety nanny state gone mad!’ 
Rhysickle",0
11230,“Genocide Denial” in Canada,"By John Bart Gerald Global Research, October 26, 2016 
On his return from attempting to stop the terrible slaughter of Rwandans there was no official to welcome home Canada’s General Romeo Dallaire. In his recent memoir, Waiting For First Light: My Ongoing Battle with PTSD , (1) Dallaire reveals that his return also began a pattern of suicide attempts, blamed on ptsd, perhaps survivor’s guilt, but which these years later might be traced more accurately to his reluctance to understand that the people who sent him to Rwanda did not care for humanity. 
Dallaire, a protector, continues to affirm Canada’s adherence to a code of genocide prevention, on paper, and as a Senior Fellow contributes to the Montreal Institute for Genocide and Human Rights Studies. It is the major Genocide prevention NGO in Canada, but noted for coincidences of policy with those of the U.S. State Department and Canadian foreign service. Any MIGS project concerned with the genocide of U.S. or Canadian Aboriginal peoples, or of Palestinians is hard to find. Our society’s intransigence of not caring, hardens. 
Currently it’s not even helpful to discuss a relationship between the U.S. and the Convention on Genocide since U.S. foreign policies lack moral compass. Having withdrawn from the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, the U.S. avoids charges of genocide as long as it has the military power to do so. With less military power, Canada subscribing to the Court, needs moral and political power to maintain its borders. Of necessity, diplomacy has meaning. Canada ratified the Convention on Genocide in 1952, (2) a generation before the U.S. which waited until 1988. 
Several current news items lead to the same point of focus: Canada’s evasion of its responsibility to honour and adhere to the Convention on Genocide. Its unfaithfulness encourages states of emergency to play out through Indigenous communities in Canada. It’s also evident in foreign policies against more distant peoples. As though the Convention on Genocide were not primary law, had no statute of limitations, has no affect beyond the good will and salaried hopes of NGO’s, and no application to first world countries. 
Canadian Mining Companies 
From Toronto the Justice and Accountability Project has just issued a report on the responsibility of Canadian Mining companies for one level of violence in Latin America. The “Canada Brand”: Violence and Canadian Mining Companies in Latin America, (3) documents 44 deaths and 403 injuries in the years 2000 to 2015, all involving Canadian Companies in Latin America, and declares this is the tip of an iceberg. It classifies the majority of the victims as “targeted.” 
While the report includes cases of criminalization it doesn’t include reports of deaths and injuries which aren’t verified by two independent sources and it doesn’t include “death threats, deliberate burning of crops and property destruction, forced displacement, reported assassination attempts without reported injury, illness from environmental contamination, or psychological trauma from any of the violence…” (4) or countries in other regions such as in Canada or Africa. This is 15 years of violence against native protectors of the land without bringing to bear the effects of the mining companies on entire communities and their habitats: to put the two together places the mining companies within a perspective of the U.N . Convention on Genocide. The murder of activist protectors suggests the element of “intention” considered by U.S. interpretation necessary to prosecution of genocide charges. 
In Muskrat Falls Labrador, on October 23rd, 150 protesters entered the Crown corporation Nalcor’s construction site to protest the company’s reluctance to thoroughly clear vegetation and some topsoil from the land it’s about to flood. Uncut vegetation as well as topsoil are considered factors in the increase of methylmercury poisoning of the watershed. Nalcor workers are being evacuated from the camp, turning their quarters over to the protesters. The RCMP is blocking roads to discourage reinforcement to the protesters. Pam Palmater, a respected lawyer and Mi’kmaq teaching as an Associate Professor in Toronto, sees the company’s carelessness in risking the environment to poison as part of the ongoing industrial genocide of native peoples. (5) It’s a concern which increasingly covers settlers, immigrants, as both Indigenous and ‘settler’groups are equally deprived of power under law. Mayors of four nearby towns affected by the flooding say Nalcor consistently ignores them and they’ve been excluded from the talks between the company and Indigenous groups. 
First Nations 
In northern Saskatchewan so far in October four indigenous children – girls of from ten to fourteen years of age, took their own lives. This is part of an ongoing suicide epidemic in first Nations communities of the north where the suicide rate is five times the norm for Canada. The government is responding by increasing the number of mental health care workers available. This misses the point of the children’s final acts. As a group they’re refusing life on the terms that Canada offers. Suicide rates among northern Indigenous people are a result of social engineering by Canada’s dominant culture, either through its lack of concern or by intention. It continues the colonial genocide of subjugation. What could stop the native society’s slide into hopelessness is honouring the society’s basic needs of housing, water, food. This is not beyond the power and convenience of Canadian and Provincial governments. It seems beyond the business game plans of resource corporations and a European mindset of superiority which permeates all areas of Canadian society. 
A recent article in the Canadian Medical Association Journal reveals that the children of Nunavut have the highest respiratory infection rates in the world, and accuses the Nunavut government of covering up respiratory disease (respiratory syncytial virus / RSV) infections, which according to statistics from 2009 (why aren’t these statistics current?) hospitalized 40% of the children in Western Nunavut. The dosage of pharmaceuticals for treatment costs about $6500 / patient. (6) And children often have to be flown to hospital. Emergency funds go to pharmaceutical companies and airlines rather than the community and improving the living conditions and poor nutrition which cause the disease rate. The cycle of poverty and relief profits big business, as maintained by government budgeting. 
All of these areas converge in a consideration of genocide but to mention the word “genocide” is a snare. While university courses and human rights NGOs raise the issue of genocide again and again as a thorn in the side of Canada’s self-image – the nuts and bolts of legally applying the Convention under Canadian law are so carefully controlled that the term has no meaning except in the service of a European exploitative class. 
Application of the U.N.’s Convention on Genocide, which has teeth within Canadian law (7) requires permission of Canada’s Minister of Justice. (8) Canada’s Minister of Justice is a political appointment by the nation’s Prime Minister. Therefore practically, it isn’t likely the Prime Minister would ever be charged with genocide, nor will his political allies, nor the visiting leaders of allied countries, which gives all of them a certain amount of freedom from worry. And under the code of one dominant ruling elite, protection is assured subsequent government administrations and Ministers of Justice, as long as a group remains to subjugate. The same provision of requiring Ministerial approval applies to the prosecution of any crimes against humanity. (9) 
Writing about this for some years, I’ve seen no challenge to this facet of Canadian law which obviously protects the establishment’s governance from prosecution for one of the worst crimes known to humankind. My belief is that Canada could survive honest and direct application of the Convention on Genocide to its policies, but won’t be able to if it delays in correcting root causes of disproportionate Aboriginal death and disease. 
This loophole protecting politicians who further genocide lends impunity to the policies of NATO countries in their assaults on the peoples of Afghanistan, Libya, the former Yugoslavia, Iraq, Syria, where militarily applied policies have involved what I think was/is genocide. The U.S., British, French policies find the democratically elected country heads guilty of crimes then bomb the peoples into subservience and fealty to NATO. It is clearly genocide against a national group, again and again. 
The media of our NATO countries have formed a reality for our peoples which doesn’t recognize the criminality of NATO country foreign policies. In North America the governments’ impunity in oppressing First Peoples, Blacks and all the poor, while claiming to save them, provides a third rail carrying the power to knock out any resistance to the terrible crimes of foreign policy necessary to corporate resource extraction with high profits. 
The impunity is acceded to by a professional class where the judicial system is so expensive, the lawyers so strictly controlled, the laws so favourable to capital, that there is no effective protest of obvious injustices. Where the mental health industry accepts as norm the murder of foreign civilian populations. Where the economic machinery empowered by security and surveillance would refuse existence to those who question, protest, and struggle effectively. Where the security industry believes in the fears created to further its expansion. Where education becomes naked training of skill sets for serving oppressive corporations. Where artists and writers are rewarded for saying nothing. 
The situation of all young people gradually becomes near that of a Saskatchewan Indigenous girl. First Peoples precede us. If government maintains its refusal to protect Indigenous peoples with the primary human rights laws, then peoples of settler stock will, when convenient to power, find themselves without as well. We have to affirm and apply the protections of the Genocide Convention, for others, or we lose that protection for ourselves. 
Notes 
1. “Inside Roméo Dallaire’s brutally revealing new memoir,” Brian Bethune, Oct. 21, 2016, Maclean’s . 2. “Treaties, States Parties and Commentaries: Canada, current, International Committee of the Red Cross ICRC . 3. The “Canada Brand”: Violence and Canadian Mining Companies in Latin America , Justice and Accountability Project, Oct. 24, 2016, Osgoode Hall Law School, York University, Toronto, Ontario. 4. Ibid. 5. ”Muskrat Falls a ‘modern day form of genocide’: lawyer,” Hans Rollmann, Oct. 21, 2016, the In dependent.ca (Newfoundland & Labrador). 6. « ’Horribly sick kids :’ Arctic regions have highest infant lung infection rates in the world, » The Canadian Press, Oct. 18, 2016, CBC News ; « ’We have not seen it stop’ : Canada’s public health agency review respiratory illness in Nunavut babies, » John Van Dusen, Oct. 25, 2016, CBC News . 7. Crimes Against Humanity and War Crimes Act – S.C.2000 , c.24 (Section 4),(Section 6), (SCHEDULE : Provisions of Rome Statute), and (Section 14). 8. Crimes Against Humanity and War Crimes Act – S.C.2000 , c.24,“Procedures and Defences” 9. (3, 4). 9. The Canadian law against torture which wasn’t applied to former U.S. President Bush at his most recent visit of May 12th, 2014. The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © John Bart Gerald , Global Research, 2016 Share:",0
11231,Inner earth glows like in the movie Avatar,"Can there be light below the surface of the Earth, without any exposure to the Sun? Surprisingly, the answer is YES. By Robert Sepehr
Bioluminescent organisms have the ability to glow almost like magic. Many organisms use their natural ability to produce light to trick predators, to attract mates and even to communicate.
The word for this seemingly magical ability is called “bioluminescence,” which comes from “bio,” meaning life, and “lumin,” meaning light.
Most of these organisms, such as plankton, glow blue, but a few glow red, green, or orange. Some tiny animal plankton (zooplankton) are big enough to see with the unaided eye.

Most bioluminescent zooplankton don’t glow in the dark themselves, but instead squirt globs of glowing chemicals into the water.
Some zooplankton use bioluminescence to attract a mate, or to form reproductive swarms. Not only is nature’s biochemistry fascinating, it can also be extremely beautiful, especially given the backdrop of a dark, misty cave.
Glow worm is the common name for various groups of insect larvae and adult larviform females that glow through bioluminescence. They may sometimes resemble worms, but are actually insects.
The glow they produce, through by a chemical reaction, is incredibly efficient; nearly 100% of the energy input is turned into light (Compare this to the best light-emitting diodes at just 24%).
Australia and New Zealand have some of the most spectacular caves, where one can go on guided tours to witness this natural phenomenon up close. (see video below)
Why do some mushrooms emit light? Making light isn’t common in fungi; scientists have described about 100,000 fungal species, and only 75 glow. Lab work has shown that the glow did not happen randomly or by accident.
Scientists found that these mushrooms made light mostly at night, so experiments were conducted to determine why.
According to studies ( referenced in the book ), in dark environments, bioluminescent fruit bodies may be at an advantage by attracting insects and other arthropods that could help disperse their spores.
Conditions that affect the growth of fungi, such as pH, light and temperature, have been found to influence bioluminescence, suggesting a link between metabolic activity and fungal bioluminescence.

The diversity of creatures with this ability is equally astonishing, from algae and the common firefly to deep-sea dwellers that are rarely seen by humans.
What’s also fascinating is that many of these creatures are not closely related, and bioluminescent traits have seemingly evolved separately at least 30 times.
With countless well lit subterranean caves and glowing caverns, it makes one wonder what could be dwelling in vast unexplored areas under the crust.
The idea that our planet consists of a hollow, or honeycombed, interior is not new. Some of the oldest cultures speak of civilizations inside of vast cavern-cities, within the bowels of the earth.
According to certain Buddhist and Hindu traditions, secret tunnels connect Tibet with a subterranean paradise, and they call this legendary underworld Agartha.
In India, this underground oasis is best known by its Sanskrit name, Shambhala, thought to mean ‘place of tranquility.’
Mythologies throughout the world, from North and South America to Europe and the Arctic, describe numerous entrances to these fabled inner kingdoms.
Many occult organizations, esoteric authors, and secret societies concur with these myths and legends of subterranean inhabitants, who are the remnants of antediluvian civilizations, which sought refuge in hollow caverns inside the earth.
Assuming that the myths are true, and the Earth is partially hollow, how could life survive underground? How would organisms receive the ventilation required to breathe miles below the surface?
Surface trees and rainforests are responsible for less than one-third of the Earth’s oxygen, while marine plants, such as phytoplankton, are responsible for between 70 to 80 percent of the oxygen in the Earth’s atmosphere. The vast majority of our oxygen comes from aquatic organisms.
Phytoplankton, kelp, and algae produce oxygen as a byproduct of photosynthesis, a process which converts carbon dioxide and light into sugars which are then used for energy.
Phytoplankton is responsible for HALF of Earth’s oxygen
While the process of photosynthesis usually implies the presence of sunlight, the Sun is not the only available light or energy source able to power photosynthesis.
Before the discovery of hydrothermal vents, and their ecosystems, scientists believed that only small animals lived at the ocean bottom, in seafloor sediments.
They theorized that these animals received their food from above, because the established model of the marine food chain depended on sunlight and photosynthesis, just as the food chain on land does.
Mainstream academia taught that this was the only way life could survive in the darkness of the deep seafloor. The discovery of hydrothermal vents changed all that.
It became clear that vast communities of animals grew quickly and to larger than expected sizes in the depths without the aid of the Sun.
Instead of using light to create organic material (photosynthesis), microorganisms at the bottom of the food chain at hydrothermal vents used chemicals such as hydrogen sulfide (chemosynthesis).
At the seafloor, there are thriving ecosystems that receive energy not from the sun, but from the heat and chemicals provided by the planet itself.
For many thousands of species dwelling in the deep, the energy to sustain life does not flow down from above, but comes up from the interior of the earth.
Even in the unlikely scenario where every single tree were chopped down, we would still be able to breathe thanks to aquatic plant-life (ex. algae).
The Earth has a tremendous amount of water, and these oceans, rivers, and lakes are teeming with numerous species of biologically active, oxygen-producing organisms.
Are there any known sources of sustenance available that could provide for a large human population?
What evidence is there that a sustainable biosphere could exist miles below the surface, totally isolated from the nourishment and the established life cycle provided by the sun?
Where are the entrances to inner earth, and which races live inside?
Author and anthropologist, Robert Sepehr , explores these questions and attempts to unlock their riddles, which have eluded any consideration in mainstream academia.
Numerous endeavors have been undertaken to access the interior of the earth.
Polar expeditions and battles, such as Operation Highjump, still remain largely classified, and have been shrouded in secrecy for decades, but scientific revelations validating the rumors surrounding these covert events, and their implications, are finally being exposed to daylight.
What are the mysteries of inner Earth?
Robert Sepehr’s book, Gods with Amnesia: Subterranean Worlds of Inner Earth , is available on Amazon and all good bookstores. 

Source: Atlantean Gardens 
Via: Humans Are Free 
More from Robert Sepehr : Bioluminescent Glowing Organisms of Inner Earth Subterranean Worlds of Inner Earth New Swabia (Neuschwabenland) and Base 211 Hopi Indians claim that their ancestors emerged from the underworld ",0
11232,Boehner: I Did Not Say Trump Is a ’Disaster’ - Breitbart,"Wednesday in Colorado Springs, CO at the Council of Insurance Agents and Brokers Employee Leadership Forum, former Speaker of the House John Boehner said last week’s media reports that he said Donald Trump’s presidency so far has been “a complete disaster” were not accurate.  Boehner said, “Let me address this because some people have gotten carried away in their interpretation of what I said. Listen, Donald Trump is my friend. He was my supporter. I play golf with him and frankly, I like the president. I voted for him. I want him and frankly, I want the country to succeed. But I’ve seen some people write  —   I think they’ve gotten a little carried away in their interpretation of what I said. ” “I did not say that the president’s policies were a disaster,” he continued. “I did not say that the president’s agenda was a disaster. What I was referring to was the execution of the president’s agenda and the president’s policies. And frankly, I think there have been a number of missteps, unforced errors that the president has made and I think the White House would agree that they’ve had their share of mistakes as the president learns to be the president. ” (  Politico) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
11233,Why Palestinians Want to Sue Britain: 99 Years since the Balfour Declaration,"9 Shares
8 0 0 1
Last July, the Palestinian Authority took the unexpected, although belated step of seeking Arab backing in suing Britain over the Balfour Declaration. That ‘declaration’ was the first ever explicit commitment made by Britain, and the West in general, to establish a Jewish homeland atop an existing Palestinian homeland.
It is too early to tell whether the Arab League would heed the Palestinian call , or if the PA would even follow through, especially considering that the latter has the habit of making too many proclamations backed by little or no action.
However, it seems that the next year will witness a significant tug of war regarding the Balfour Declaration, the 100th anniversary of which will be commemorated on November 02, 2017 .
But who is Balfour, what is the Balfour Declaration and why does all of this matters today?
Britain's Foreign Secretary from late 1916, Arthur James Balfour, had pledged Palestine to another people. That promise was made on November 02, 1917 on behalf of the British government in the form of a letter sent to the leader of the Jewish community in Britain, Walter Rothschild.
MORE... Palestine’s reality: Al Nakba commemoration and the right of return or the return of the Faisal-Weizmann Agreement? To be a child in Palestine, where Israel has killed more children than the total number of goals scored in all FIFA World Cups Let There Be Water: Israel's policy of stolen water No hope and no heroes for Palestine At the time, Britain was not even in control of Palestine, which was still part of the Ottoman Empire. Either way, Palestine was never Balfour’s to so casually transfer to anyone else. His letter read:
“His Majesty's government view with favour the establishment in Palestine of a national home for the Jewish people, and will use their best endeavours to facilitate the achievement of this object, it being clearly understood that nothing shall be done which may prejudice the civil and religious rights of existing non-Jewish communities in Palestine, or the rights and political status enjoyed by Jews in any other country.”
He concluded, “I should be grateful if you would bring this declaration to the knowledge of the Zionist Federation.”
Balfour was hardly acting on his own. True, the Declaration bears his name, yet, in reality, he was a loyal agent of an Empire with massive geopolitical designs, not only concerning Palestine alone, but with Palestine as part of a larger Arab landscape.
Only a year earlier, another sinister document was introduced, albeit secretly. It was endorsed by another top British diplomat, Mark Sykes and, on behalf of France, by François Georges-Picot. The Russians were informed of the agreement, as they too had received a piece of the Ottoman cake.
The document indicated that, once the Ottomans were soundly defeated, their territories, including Palestine, would be split among the prospective victorious parties.
The Sykes-Picot Agreement , also known as the ‘Asia Minor Agreement’, was signed in secret one hundred years ago, two years into World War I. It signified the brutal nature of colonial powers that rarely associated land and resources with people who lived upon or owned them.
The centerpiece of the agreement was a map that was marked with straight lines by a China graph pencil. The map largely determined the fate of the Arabs, dividing them in accordance with various haphazard assumptions of tribal and sectarian lines.
The improvised map consisted not only of lines but also colors , along with language that attested to the fact that the two countries viewed the Arab region purely on materialistic terms, without paying the slightest attention to the possible repercussions of slicing up entire civilizations with a multifarious history of co-operation and conflict.
The Sykes-Picot negotiations were completed in March 1916 and, although official, was secretly signed on May 19, 1916.
WWI concluded on November 11, 1918, after which the division of the Ottoman Empire began in earnest.
British and French mandates were extended over divided Arab entities, while Palestine was granted to the Zionist movement a year later, when Belfour conveyed the British government’s promise, sealing the fate of Palestinians to a life of perpetual war and turmoil.
Rarely was British-Western hypocrisy and complete disregard for the national aspiration of any other nation on full display as in the case of Palestine. Beginning with the first wave of Zionist Jewish migration to Palestine in 1882, European countries helped facilitate the movement of illegal settlers and resources, where the establishment of many colonies, large and small, was afoot.
So when Balfour sent his letter to Rothschild, the idea of a Jewish homeland in Palestine was very much plausible.
Still, many supercilious promises were being made to the Arabs during the Great War years, as the Arab leadership sided with the British in their war against the Ottoman Empire. Arabs were promised instant independence, including that of the Palestinians.
When the intentions of the British and their rapport with the Zionists became too apparent, Palestinians rebelled , marking a rebellion that has never ceased 99 years later, and highlighting the horrific consequences of British colonialism and the eventual complete Zionist takeover of Palestine which is still felt after all of these years.
Paltry attempts to pacify Palestinian anger were to no avail, especially after the League of Nations Council in July 1922 approved the terms of the British Mandate over Palestine – which was originally granted to Britain in April 1920 – without consulting the Palestinians at all. In fact, Palestinians would disappear from the British and international radar, only to reappear as negligible rioters, troublemakers, and obstacles to the joint British-Zionist colonial concoctions.
Despite occasional assurances to the contrary, the British intention of ensuring the establishment of an exclusively Jewish state in Palestine was becoming clearer with time. The Balfour Declaration was not merely an aberration, but had, indeed, set the stage for the full-scale ethnic cleansing that followed, three decades later.
In fact, that history remains in constant replay: the Zionists claimed Palestine and renamed it ‘Israel’; the British continue to support them, although never ceasing to pay lip-service to the Arabs; and the Palestinian people remain a nation that is geographically fragmented between refugee camps, in the diaspora, militarily occupied, or treated as second class citizens in a country upon which their ancestors dwelt since time immemorial.
While Balfour cannot be blamed for all the misfortunates that have befallen Palestinians since he communicated his brief, but infamous letter, the notion that his ‘promise’ embodied - that of complete disregard of the aspirations and rights of the Palestinian Arab people – that very letter is handed from one generation of British diplomats to the next, in the same way that Palestinian resistance to colonialism has and continues to spread across generations.
That injustice continues, thus the perpetuation of the conflict. What the British, the early Zionists, the Americans and subsequent Israeli governments failed to understand, and continue to ignore at their own peril, is that there can be no peace without justice and equality in Palestine; and that Palestinians will continue to resist, as long as the reasons that inspired their rebellion nearly a century ago, remain in place.",0
11234,"Protest by ‘equal rights for immigrants’ group blocking George Washington Bridge, major delays","Print 
Protesters blocked the upper level of the George Washington Bridge into New York City during the busy Wednesday morning rush hour, causing extensive delays in both directions of the span. 
The upper level eastbound lane was closed for 15 minutes as police arrested 10 protesters around 8:15 a.m., officials said. Delays continued to build on the George Washington Bridge as a result. 
Motorists headed to New York who earlier faced a 60 minute delay are now looking at a 90-minute wait as of 9 a.m., according to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. 
A reporter on the bridge tweeted the protesters are demanding “equal rights for immigrants” and “political power for marginalized communities.” 
As of 8:55 a.m., the deomonstration has ended, according to Port Authority police spokesman Joe Pentangelo.",0
11235,Studie: Lohnzahlungen verursachen Milliardenschäden für deutsche Unternehmen,"Dienstag, 22. November 2016 Studie: Lohnzahlungen verursachen Milliardenschäden für deutsche Unternehmen Hamburg (Archiv) - Schon lange haben Wirtschaftsverbände gewarnt, jetzt bestätigt eine unabhängige Studie den Verdacht: Lohnzahlungen an Arbeitnehmer fügen deutschen Unternehmen jährlich Schäden in Milliardenhöhe zu. Zu dieser Feststellung kam das Institut für Wirtschaftsökonomie in einer großangelegten Studie, in deren Zuge mehr als 3000 hiesige Betriebe und Unternehmen unter die Lupe genommen wurden. ""Die Zahlen sind alarmierend"", erklärt Ökonom Harald Glockner. ""In den letzten Jahren machten Lohnkosten im Schnitt zwei Drittel aller Unternehmensausgaben aus. Kaum vorzustellen, was für gigantische Gewinne gemacht werden könnten, wenn dieser lästige Posten nicht wäre."" Schwächen die Wirtschaft mit ihrer Gier: Arbeitnehmer Vielen Beschäftigten sei weder bewusst, welchen enormen finanziellen Schaden sie ihrem Arbeitgeber durch ihre Löhne und Bezüge monatlich zufügen, noch dass sie damit letztlich gar ihren eigenen Arbeitsplatz gefährden. In diesem Klima des Egoismus sei es für viele Firmen schwer geworden, auch nur die allernötigsten Rekordrenditen an ihre Aktionäre auszuschütten. Angesichts der erschreckenden Ergebnisse der Studie fordert der Arbeitgeberverband nun einen flächendeckenden Höchstlohn für abhängig Beschäftigte. Andernfalls sei deutschlandweit mit Vorstandsprotesten und Chefstreiks zu rechnen. fed, dan, ssi; Idee: Tobias K.; Foto oben: © Kautz15 - Fotolia.com, Foto rechts: © Kurhan - Fotolia.com; Hinweis: Erstmals erschienen am 21.8.14 Artikel teilen:",0
11236,Video Evidence Of Biggest Election Fraud In U.S. History,"Posted on November 1, 2016 by Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , US // 0 Comments 
A bombshell investigation has revealed that software used in almost all precincts across the U.S. is used to commit election fraud on an enormous scale. 
Bev Harris, a leading expert on voter fraud, filmed what she describes as “ the most devastating election theft mechanism yet found ,” that allows officials to change the results of the election. 
Infowars.com reports: 
Used in precincts all across the country, the software – deemed “the most devastating election theft mechanism yet found” – allows votes to be fractured and rounded up or down to sway the results for any candidate. RELATED CONTENT Democratic Party Leader Served Election Fraud Lawsuit 
According to Harris, a member of the non-partisan Black Box Voting investigative team, this latest discovery constitutes the “missing piece” that blows the lid off of wide-scale voter fraud. 
“It was put in the system in 2001 but it came into wide use in 2006,” Harris said. “It took someone with a special set of skills to know what to look for.” 
A mini-documentary by Black Box Voting on the discovery shows real-time demonstrations with the secretive software. 
“It can give contract signing authority to whoever the user chooses,” the video’s description states. “All political power can be converted to the hands of a few anonymous subcontractors.” 
“It runs silently, invisibly, and can produce plausible results that really pass for the real thing.” 
Further analysis on the malicious software provided by Alex Jones reveals how this revelation ties into the 2016 presidential election.",0
11237,The She-Devil,"By Patrick J. Buchanan October 29, 2016 
Should Donald Trump surge from behind to win, he would likely bring in with him both houses of Congress. 
Much of his agenda — tax cuts, deregulation, border security, deportation of criminals here illegally, repeal of Obamacare, appointing justices like Scalia, unleashing the energy industry — could be readily enacted. 
On new trade treaties with China and Mexico, Trump might need economic nationalists in Bernie Sanders’ party to stand with him, as free-trade Republicans stood by their K-Street contributors. 
Still, compatible agendas and GOP self-interest could transcend personal animosities and make for a successful four years. 
But consider what a Hillary Clinton presidency would be like. 
She would enter office as the least-admired president in history, without a vision or a mandate. She would take office with two-thirds of the nation believing she is untruthful and untrustworthy. 
Reports of poor health and lack of stamina may be exaggerated. Yet she moves like a woman her age. Unlike Ronald Reagan, her husband, Bill, and President Obama, she is not a natural political athlete and lacks the personal and rhetorical skills to move people to action. 
She makes few mistakes as a debater, but she is often shrill — when she is not boring. Trump is right: Hillary Clinton is tough as a $2 steak. But save for those close to her, she appears not to be a terribly likable person. 
Still, such attributes, or the lack of them, do not assure a failed presidency. James Polk, no charmer, was a one-term president, but a great one, victorious in the Mexican War, annexing California and the Southwest, negotiating a fair division of the Oregon territory with the British. 
Yet the hostility Clinton would face the day she takes office would almost seem to ensure four years of pure hell. 
The reason: her credibility, or rather her transparent lack of it. 
Consider. Because the tapes revealed he did not tell the full truth about when he learned about Watergate, Richard Nixon was forced to resign. 
In the Iran-Contra affair, Reagan faced potential impeachment charges, until ex-security adviser John Poindexter testified that Reagan told the truth when he said he had not known of the secret transfer of funds to the Nicaraguan Contras. 
Bill Clinton was impeached — for lying. 
White House scandals, as Nixon said in Watergate, are almost always rooted in mendacity — not the misdeed, but the cover-up, the lies, the perjury, the obstruction of justice that follow. 
And here Hillary Clinton seems to have an almost insoluble problem. 
She has testified for hours to FBI agents investigating why and how her server was set up and whether secret information passed through it. 
Forty times during her FBI interrogation, Clinton said she could not or did not recall. This writer has friends who went to prison for telling a grand jury, “I can’t recall.” 
After studying her testimony and the contents of her emails, FBI Director James Comey virtually accused Clinton of lying. 
Moreover, thousands of emails were erased from her server, even after she had reportedly been sent a subpoena from Congress to retain them. 
During her first two years as secretary of state, half of her outside visitors were contributors to the Clinton Foundation. 
Yet there was not a single quid pro quo, Clinton tells us. 
Yesterday’s newspapers exploded with reports of how Bill Clinton aide Doug Band raised money for the Clinton Foundation, and then hit up the same corporate contributors to pay huge fees for Bill’s speeches. 
What were the corporations buying if not influence? What were the foreign contributors buying, if not influence with an ex-president, and a secretary of state and possible future president? 
Did none of the big donors receive any official favors? 
“There’s a lot of smoke and there’s no fire,” says Hillary Clinton. 
Perhaps, but there seems to be more smoke every day. 
If once or twice in her hours of testimony to the FBI, grand jury or before Congress, Clinton were proven to have lied, her Justice Department would be obligated to name a special prosecutor, as was Nixon’s. 
And, with the election over, the investigative reporters of the adversary press, Pulitzers beckoning, would be cut loose to go after her. 
The Republican House is already gearing up for investigations that could last deep into Clinton’s first term. 
There is a vast trove of public and sworn testimony from Hillary, about the server, the emails, the erasures, the Clinton Foundation. Now, thanks to WikiLeaks, there are tens of thousands of emails to sift through, and perhaps tens of thousands more to come. 
What are the odds that not one contains information that contradicts her sworn testimony? Cong. Jim Jordan contends that Clinton may already have perjured herself. 
And as the full-court press would begin with her inauguration, Clinton would have to deal with the Syrians, Russians, Taliban, North Koreans and Xi Jinping in the South China Sea — and with Bill Clinton wandering around the White House with nothing to do. 
This election is not over. But if Hillary Clinton wins, a truly hellish presidency could await her, and us. The Best of Patrick J. Buchanan Tags:",0
11238,Calling All Ohio Voters ... Diebolt,"Report Copyright Violation Calling All Ohio Voters ... Diebolt I called the election board this morning, in Summit County. I talked to a man who assured me that basically no voter fraud is going to happen there.However he mentioned that to the west and south of me might be at risk, as they use the Diebolt voting machines.Anyone in Ohio please call your election board and ask about voter fraud.I think we need boots on the ground where Diebolt voting machine are being used.",0
11239,More Bang for the Buck | New Eastern Outlook,"Region: Russia in the World More bang for the buck is the most apt description when we compare spending of the United States Government with that of the Government of the Russian Federation on its defense sector and military technology development. A closer look at the two budgets reveals the huge fault line that cuts across the entire US economy today. It also mirrors the true collapse of the American hegemon as a world power. It need not have been. In the official Fiscal Year 2017 the US Department of Defense officially requested $523.9 billion in what they call “discretionary funding,” as in, “we use it as we please, no independent audit allowed.” Another $58.8 billion was requested for so-called Overseas Contingency Operations, typical Pentagon-speak for wars everywhere from Afghanistan to Syria to military operations around the South China sea. That made an official total of $583 billion requested and granted by a docile Congress . On October 13, the Russian wire-service Tass.ru reported that the Russian government is set to spend 948.59 billion rubles on national defense in 2017, according to the draft federal budget posted. It sounds like a lot, almost one trillion rubles. If we convert at the current dollar exchange rate, this translates into a mere $15 billion. Of that 793.79 billion rubles or $12.7 billion is planned to be spent on the Russian Armed Forces. In 2015 the Russian Federation spent $26 billion on the state military-industrial complex development program will reach 1.67 trillion rubles . That total for military industry investment and maintaining Russia’s armed forces, some $49 billion, equals 8.4 % of the dollar amount the United States Defense Department plays with annually . To that must be added the separate amount of $400 billion for modernization of Russian armed forces military capabilities by 2020. That’s roughly another $80 billion a year. Now the relevant question at a time when Washington-led NATO forces are aggressively moving to the borders of the Russian Federation, when US Pentagon Special Forces and mercenaries like Blackwater aka Academi are mucking around Ukraine causing mischief, destruction and murder, is which country is getting better defense or military capacities for every dollar spent. Astonishing performance The answer came following the September 30, 2015 Russian announcement that it had agreed to respond with military support to the call of the legitimate government of Syria. What Russian military efforts have accomplished with meager resources, has astonished most western military experts. Far from being the dilapidated, technologically obsolescent Soviet-era military that many US planners reckon, Russia’s armed forces have undergone a quiet and impressive modernization ever since it became clear around 2007 that Washington was intent on pushing NATO to Moscow’s front door in Ukraine and Georgia as well as threatening with US missile “defense” in Poland, Czech Republic and now also in Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey. Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shiogu is a remarkable organizer who is known for reorganizing large Russian government departments. Before becoming Defense Minister he was head of the large Russian Ministry of Emergency Situations, responsible for emergency situations, such as floods, earthquakes and acts of terrorism. The result of Russia’s military modernization, partly demonstrated in the military intervention in Syria, has been a strategic shift in the global military balance of power that Washington’s neo-conservatives, none of whom have served in active duty military theatres, did not reckon with. Russian science and engineering have accomplished astonishing results with minimum investment. Just a select glance at what is being developed is instructive. Hypersonic nuclear missile On October 25 the Makeyev Rocket Design Bureau published the first image of the newest heavy intercontinental ballistic missile, the RS-28 Sarmat known under NATO’s reporting name SS-X-30. It will replace its predecessor, the R36M2 Voyevoda or NATO reporting name SS-18 Satan. It is now in test phase and will enter service at the end of 2018. The SS-X-30 will replace the world’s most powerful strategic missile, the SS-18 Satan. One reason Washington pursued the Start-1 strategic arms reduction treaty with Moscow was because the Pentagon estimated that the SS-18 with its multiple warhead consisting of ten independently targetable re-entry vehicles each having a yield of 750 kilotons was a serious threat. Now, the new successor, SS-X-30 according to Tass military analyst, Viktor Litovkin, is far more threatening. While specific details are top secret, according to Litovkin, the new ICBM will evade any missile defense arrays Washington can install. It has far smaller liftoff mass and a greater range of flight up to 17,000 kilometers, able to reach virtually any target in the Continental USA. It is designed to go on flight paths crossing the South Pole, from where they are least-expected and where no missile shields are being created. Each missile will carry between 10-15 independently targetable nuclear warheads, in a “grape cluster” able to separate from the cluster one by one when a pre-loaded program issues the order to attack the selected target, Litovkin adds . He says that the SS-X-30 re-entry vehicle, called by Russian media Yu-71, and by its developer ‘object 4202′, or Aero-ballistic Hypersonic Warhead, will fly at hypersonic speeds of Mach 17, roughly 4.3 miles (7km) per second, with flight path’s altitude and direction constantly changing all the time making it immune to any missile defenses the Pentagon has deployed in Poland or South Korea, even those relying on space-based elements. “For the SS-X-30 it makes no difference if there is a missile defense or if there is none. It will slip through unnoticed,” says Litovkin . The new missile is capable of wiping out a country the size of France with nuclear explosions 2,000 times more powerful than the bomb used at Hiroshima in 1945 by Washington . Pentagon bucks go to waste The SS-X-30 development is but one of numerous game-changing weapons technologies Russia has been combat testing in Syria. Another is the cutting-edge Russian T-14 Armata tank that has no western competitor. Russian fighter jets have demonstrated their value in Syria and Russian anti-missile Contrast this with the colossal waste of US defense budget spending. Washington is used to fight wars, like the school classroom bully, only against tiny unequipped enemies like Saddam Hussein or Gaddafi in Libya. Granted US defense giants like Boeing or Lockheed Martin are working on hypersonic jets and other classified new weapons. However, the efficiency of every dollar spent on US military hardware is overshadowed by the effective of Russian defense spending. A recent US Defense Department report stated that the budget controls of the pentagon are non-existent. Alone the US Department of the Army cannot provide an audit trail for a cumulative $6.5 trillion of expenses . There are deep cultural and historical reasons why Russia has responded to the actions of Washington and NATO since 2007 as they have. They are deadly serious about defending the Russian Motherland as they term it. Washington politicians, regardless who is President, would do well to take this into their calculations when they egg on European NATO partners to provoke Russia in every way imaginable. Europeans would also do well to reconsider whether being Washington’s front line in NATO is worth the price of possible nuclear pulverization. I think not personally. F. William Engdahl is strategic risk consultant and lecturer, he holds a degree in politics from Princeton University and is a best-selling author on oil and geopolitics, exclusively for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook.” Popular Articles ",0
11240,"Kendall Jenner Was Nice To A Police Officer In A Pepsi Ad, And The Left Is Mad - Breitbart","Pepsi is in trouble with the left. The diabetes sugary beverage company recently released an ad featuring Kendall Jenner as a   protester, handing a can of Pepsi to a police officer during a rally. The left doesn’t like this because, apparently, you should never be nice to a policeman.[  If anything, the outrage from the left shows that   leftist activists don’t know the history of their own movement. Photos of peace activists handing flowers to riot police were among the most iconic images of the 1960s, and became a common theme in subsequent   demonstrations.  Some are claiming that the ad was inspired by this photo from a Black Lives Matter protest. But images of protesters handing gifts to police officers have appeared so often in history that it could have been inspired by any one of them. Black Lives Matter activist and noted Jack Dorsey pal DeRay Mckesson was also offended by Pepsi’s ad, taking to his favorite social network to denounce it as “trash. ” If I had carried Pepsi I guess I never would’ve gotten arrested. Who knew?  —   deray mckesson (@deray) April 5, 2017,  Mckesson was smart enough not to accuse Pepsi of trying to leverage social movements for private gain. Mckesson, we must remember, has used his Twitter account to hawk everything from Verizon data plans to   Doritos. I just changed my @Verizon plan to the newly released Unlimited Plan. It’s a  . #VZunlimited,  —   deray mckesson (@deray) February 13, 2017,  Rainbow Doritos are a tasty way to support LGBT causes ”https:  .   ”>September 17, 2015,  Deray has denied that these tweets are sponsored, at least in the case of Verizon. I guess that settles the matter then. Nothing to see here, folks! McDonald’s   breakfast is coming, beginning Oct. 6th ”https:  .   ”>September 1, 2015,  The new Dove men’s deodorant is the best I’ve ever used. Hands down.  —   deray mckesson (@deray) May 4, 2012,  ACtivism pic. twitter.   —   Alex Nichols (@Lowenaffchen) September 28, 2015,  Of course, it’s possible that Mckesson is telling the truth. Perhaps he really is just the most   person on Twitter. At this point, though, I’m only surprised he hasn’t sold advertising on his vest like a NASCAR driver, Putting aside Mckesson’s unbridled love for mass market brands however, the wider   outrage over Pepsi’s ad just doesn’t make sense. Over the past two decades, politics on the left has become a form of LARPing. (LARPing, or   Roleplaying, is where people play   as superheroes, like Green Arrow, Batman, or Gandhi). As early as the 1970s,   activists were serious about achieving their political objectives. They were willing to kill, die, and go to jail in pursuit of their political ideals. They were brutal, immoral and deeply misguided, but they were also serious. Modern   activism is nothing like that. It’s still violent, yes, but the masked “ ” burning down campuses and beating up Trump supporters show no willingness to accept that they may face consequences for their actions. Nor do they show any signs of the Weather Underground or the Baader Meinhof faction’s plans for the radical overthrow of western society. Involvement in   activism, today, is not about remaking society or achieving political utopia. Today, it’s about  : demonstrating to your peers and to society at large that you’re not a racist, not a sexist, not a homophobe, and so on. It’s about showing how bold and edgy you are. The masked protesters who threw firebombs at Berkeley were probably thinking less of how their actions would lead to a better world, and more about the cheers of approval they’d get from their buddies. In short, it’s about being cool. Celebrities  —   like Kendall Jenner  —   have encouraged this perhaps more than any other group.   from Hollywood stars and pop singers has become so routine that when Lady Gaga didn’t attack Donald Trump during her Super Bowl performance, the left reacted with shock. A singer who simply sings, without making political statements, has become difficult to comprehend. Brands too, are relentlessly pressured by the left to endorse their cultural values. CEOs with conservative political values, like Brendan Eich, do not last. In   ’s case, the CEO’s opposition to   marriage was enough to spark a nationwide boycott. The presence of a single open Trump supporter, Peter Thiel, on Facebook’s board of directors, has led the left to agitate for his removal. Because of these twin pressures: to be seen as cool, and to avoid controversy, it has become impossible for brands not to be progressive. The   left has made its values a path to social status, and instinctively kicks up a controversy when they are not respected. Faced with this, brands don’t have a choice. Pepsi was trying to suck up to leftists with its ad, not upset them. That much is clear from their grovelling apology and pledge to remove the ad following the outrage: Pepsi’s statement. pic. twitter.   —   Jennifer Maloney (@maloneyfiles) April 5, 2017,  The left has made it impossible for brands to demonstrate any values other than progressive ones. In the case of celebrities, not demonstrating progressive values is seen as unusual. It is utterly surprising that Pepsi, and Kendall Jenner would kowtow to those values. Which, again, leads me back to the point I made at the start of this piece: It’s not a problem for the left that Kendall Jenner dressed as a protester to hawk Pepsi. It’s that she was nice to a police officer while doing so. You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter and add him on Facebook. Email tips and suggestions to abokhari@breitbart. com.  ",0
11241,Liberalism Past: Not Being an Idiot,"by Outis Philalithopoulos By Outis Philalithopoulos, who met an untimely end five years ago, and now “wears the chains he forged in life” as an economist. In our story so far , a cyclops challenged Outis to discover possibly inconvenient truths about liberalism, and proposed the help of three Spirits. Through the gloom, there sounded the deep, hollow, melancholy note of a bell. I turned, and there stood a strange figure. It seemed rather aged, and yet the face, and the smooth, hairless head, had not a wrinkle in it. The arms were very long and muscular, and the feet were bare. “Are you the Spirit, sir, whose coming was foretold to me?” I asked. “I am!” He spoke with a French accent, in a voice that was even and clear. “Who and what are you?” I demanded. “I am the Ghost of Liberalism Past. My name is Michel Foucault.” “Oh,” I said. “Should I know that name?” “What?” the Spirit exclaimed, with a flash of pride. Then he sighed. “I suppose,” he said, “it is better if my phantom no longer casts its shadow upon the world, as if I were some sort of great Astrologer surveying an atemporal sky, telling people what is good and what is not.” “But you were famous?” I asked, feeling bad that I had hurt his feelings. “Oh, sure,” he said with a trace of self-mockery. “Noam Chomsky once said that he had ‘never met anyone who was so totally amoral.’ I tried to teach people about madness, medicine, and sexuality, but most wrote me off as this radical anarchist with an absolute hatred of power.” “And that wasn’t true?” “No!” he exclaimed. “Power is not always repressive.” I struggled to understand. “By power, do you mean government? Or one social group oppressing another?” “These are only a few particular instances of power,” Foucault explained. “Power is anything that tends to render immobile and untouchable those things that are offered to us as real, as true, as good.” “That sounds kind of… bad,” I replied. “Listen, listen,” Foucault replied. “How difficult it is! I’m not a prophet. I’m not going to tell people, “This is good for you, this is bad for you!” I try to analyze a real situation in its various complexities, with the goal of allowing refusal, and curiosity, and innovation. Is it clearer, now?” I shook my head. “I find your world confusing. It’s like there are no points of orientation…” Foucault gazed at me mildly. “Perhaps, in time…” he murmured. Then he clasped me by the arm. “Rise! And walk with me!” I took a step – and found myself outside a snowy yard covered in red brick. “What?” I stammered. “Here is where I wrote my thesis…” “You remember it, then?” inquired the Spirit. “Remember it?” I cried. “I could walk this campus blindfolded.” “Let us go in, then.” We walked through the doors of the Kennedy School of Government, into the midst of a boisterous crowd of students. Seconds later, they fell silent, and the president of the Young Democrats announced the speaker. It was Al Franken, presenting his book Rush Limbaugh Is a Big Fat Idiot . I hadn’t heard Franken’s name in a while, but something tugged at my memory. I looked questioningly at Foucault. “1996,” was his only response, as laughter echoed from the audience. Franken had begun speaking. I soon found myself nodding along with Franken’s words. Franken pointed out that Limbaugh had “tapped into the resentments of the ‘angry white male,’” mentioning his “studio audience of rabid – but extraordinarily straight-laced – right-wing yahoos.” He went on to talk about some of the crazy religious people he had met while touring the country. “By now, you may be thinking I’m showing an anti-Christian bias,” Franken suggested, grinning. “Nonsense! Need I remind you that I married a Roman Catholic, whom I met in college, despoiled and then convinced to renounce the Pope?” The crowd roared with laughter. I joined them, although something about that word “despoiled” rubbed me the wrong way. Franken added that Limbaugh believes feminists think all heterosexual sex is rape. “The thing is,” Franken said, “I know a lot of women, almost all of whom consider themselves feminists, and I know of only one who actually holds this belief. And we’ve been married nearly twenty years.” As the room rocked with laughter, my jaw dropped. Making light of the victims of marital rape? What was Franken’s problem? Franken said that at one point, when Limbaugh had not been famous, he had been so poor that his wife had made him go file for unemployment. Franken addressed Limbaugh directly. “I swear, you must be the biggest pussy on God’s green Earth. My God, you are a sad, sad creature, aren’t you? Sort of a she-male?” I was sure Franken was right and Limbaugh was a horrible person, but how could he not see how problematic his statements were? Reinforcing gender normativity? Negative references to female anatomy? Why wasn’t anyone in the audience besides me concerned? Most likely people were concerned, but felt too marginalized to say anything. Franken had meanwhile moved on to the big picture. What was the fundamental issue with guys like Limbaugh and Newt Gingrich and Pat Robertson? “You know what I dislike most about these guys? They’re always so certain. They’re always 100 percent sure of what they’re saying.” He paused for a split second. “This is why I like being a Democrat. When we see a complicated, intractable problem, we have the only really genuine, authentic human reaction you can have: we’re confused.” I stared at Foucault. When Allan Bloom had claimed that liberals are terrified of people who think they are right, I had assumed he was describing a colony on Neptune. Maybe he was instead talking about people like Franken and Foucault. Foucault smiled back at me. Franken started to discuss various controversial issues. President Clinton’s crime bill paid for a lot of new prisons, and that’s good. Riiight. I have no problem frying a murderer. In some cases I’d even waive the cruel-and-unusual punishment. That is, as long as we know we have the right guy. Right. What kind of progressive/liberal was this guy, anyway? Wait, what was that about a “national Ponzi scheme currently scheduled to implode in a spectacular fiscal nightmare”? Pete Peterson, a co-founder of the Concord Coalition, did hit a home run with a very sobering speech about what will happen if we don’t reform social security. Okaaay. Franken talked about watching Pat Buchanan speak to members of the Reform Party. He counted six standing ovations, “although it’s hard to count when you’re cowering under your seat.” The biggest ovations had come on the crowd’s “red meat issues,” such as NAFTA and the 1995 Mexican bank bailout, on which Buchanan had said: Politicians of both parties sold us out in Washington, D.C. They took Citibank and Chase Manhattan and J.P. Morgan and Goldman Sachs off the hook, and they put us on. Well, […] when I get to the White House, NAFTA will be canceled! To me, the speech sounded like something Matt Taibbi would say. Why did it frighten Franken so much? An uncomfortable subject that’s not discussed enough is black on black crime. Jesse Jackson had the courage to talk about it in terms that most people can identify with. He said it pains him that when he’s walking down the street at night and hears footsteps, he’s relieved if it’s a white man and not a black man. I know exactly what he means. I was leaving NBC late one night and heard some footsteps. When I turned around, I saw it was Jesse Jackson, and it scared the living daylights out of me! The audience thought this was hysterical. Why hadn’t the real progressives organized to deplatform this guy? Franken returned to the topic of anti-establishment, anti-free trade Americans in his final windup. Some of them were crackpots, sure. But I thought about Hank from Michigan, a retired autoworker who was worried about jobs moving overseas. I thought about Louise from Washington state, who was scared for her children because wages for non-college graduates have fallen 20 percent in the last twenty years. I thought about how our political system appeals to the worst, not the best, in us. And I thought about this book. Maybe, I thought, I’m on the wrong track. Maybe I’m sowing the very seeds of distrust that I so decry. Perhaps, I thought, I should throw away the 200-plus pages of cheap, tawdry, mean-spirited (yet accurate) bile, and start over on a book whose humor heals rather than wounds. Then, as we flew over Manhattan, it occurred to me that my book was due in a week. Then we flew over my daughter’s private school. And then my son’s orthodontist. Followed by the bank that holds the mortgage on my apartment. And as the plane banked its wings, a stream of light pierced the window, bathing my face in the orange glow of the sun setting over the American continent. And I thought to myself, “You know, Rush Limbaugh is a big fat idiot.” “He sells out his principles to maintain his cushy lifestyle and then brags about it?” I wondered incredulously, as laughter and applause reverberated around me. “ Allez, viens ,” Foucault said, beckoning. A long line of students waited to talk with Franken, who beamed and autographed copies of his book. A rather earnest-looking young man and woman were walking towards us. “Did you like it, Outis?” she asked with an accent a bit like Foucault’s. “It was hilarious,” the young man said. “But Corinne, did you…” “Yes, it was good,” she said. “Rush Limbaugh really is a negative person and it’s scary that there are so many insane people in your country. But…” “Oh, yes,” said the young Outis. “The talk over in your department…” “I know you’re not thrilled about it,” Corinne began. Outis said, “The way they talk…” Corinne completed the thought. “It can be hard to understand. And honestly…” and her voice lowered, as if she were afraid of being overheard, “a lot of postmodernist scholars are just BS artists who spout the jargon to get good jobs.” The young Outis nodded. Corinne continued with some passion. “But sometimes people just use that as an excuse not to listen to the important things they say. And this speaker’s different.” “I suppose she’s not very well known…?” Corinne eyes danced. “Well, you are an economist…” “But that doesn’t mean I’m a complete illiterate,” Outis shot back. “Come on, I’m familiar with a lot of postmodernists – Derrida, Stanley Fish, Judith Butler, Edward Said…” “But you’ve never heard of her ,” Corinne finished. “Well, maybe she isn’t as chic as some of the others, but she’s very smart – and clearer than most of them.” “Sure,” Outis said uncertainly. Corinne frowned. Outis took on what he doubtless assumed was a cunning expression. “I’d be more excited to go if afterward we slip out for a walk down the Charles.” She smiled cunningly back at him. I looked desperately at Foucault. “Spirit,” I cried. “Show me no more!” * * * In the next episode, Outis becomes more certain that postmodernist liberalism was not a myth after all. Sources : For Foucault, see this interview . At one point, the interviewer remarks, “I have to admit, I find myself a bit lost, without points of orientation, in your world […]” All Franken statements are verbatim quotes from Rush Limbaugh Is a Big Fat Idiot (1996). 0 0 0 0 0 0",0
11242,Fresno State Lecturer: ’Trump Must Hang’ to Save Democracy - Breitbart,"Tweets from a Fresno State lecturer Lars Maischak not only demonstrate stark disagreement with capitalism, Christianity, and the GOP, but also a declaration that President Trump “must hang” to save democracy. [Maischak teaches America History at the university.  His February 17 tweet speaks for itself: To save American democracy, Trump must hang.  The sooner and the higher, the better.  #TheResistance #DeathToFascism https:  .   —   Lars Maischak (@LarsMaischak) February 18, 2017,    Other tweets on Maischak’s profile demonstrate the ideology behind statements about Trump hanging and explain why universities across the country are now viewed with disdain by average,     Americans. Here is another tweet from Maischak, dated March 8: Don’t tell me to ”obey the Law.”  ”The Law” in this country is one part Racism, one part Class Oppression, all Capitalism. #TheResistance,  —   Lars Maischak (@LarsMaischak) March 8, 2017,  And another dates March 3: Judging from the largely absent facial markings this year, Christianity is paying the price for its pact with Fascism.  Students abandon it.  —   Lars Maischak (@LarsMaischak) March 4, 2017,  This is today’s academia. These are types of voices hired to teach recent high school graduates American History. How do you think George Washington, John Adams, and Thomas Jefferson fare when taught by one who sees the world in this way? How do you think America’s   heritage fares? AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
11243,WikiLeaks Revelations Leave The Federal Emperor Wearing No Clothes,By Shane Trejo This brave new world we are living in is getting very wild and crazy during this election season. Although the Tenth Amendment... ,0
11244,Brussels ’Crossing Fingers’ For Macron in French Vote,"BRUSSELS (AFP)  —   The EU has clearly pinned its hopes on   presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron in Sunday’s French   vote, wary of the threat posed by the fiercely eurosceptic Marine Le Pen. [A host of top Brussels figures led by European Commission President   Juncker have broken with their usual protocol of not interfering in national elections and have openly backed the centrist former banker to beat   leader Le Pen.  In the European Union’s corridors of power, Macron is seen as more than just a frontline defence against populism as seen with Brexit and the rise of Donald Trump in the US. To many, the    represents a breath of fresh air that could offer the embattled bloc a sorely needed chance to push ahead with unifying new projects after years of crisis. “We are crossing our fingers,” one senior EU official told AFP on condition of anonymity. Macron’s gruelling televised debate with Le Pen on Wednesday was “watched widely” at the highest levels of the European institutions, “including by   colleagues” the EU official said. “Of course we see Macron in a positive way. We have the feeling that we can work with Macron because his project isn’t to destroy the EU as with Le Pen,” the official added. This week EU Brexit negotiator and former French minister Michel Barnier said he would vote for Macron, saying that France would “stay European” under him.  —   ‘Huge sigh of relief’  —   Le Pen’s disdain for Europe runs deep. She has long wanted France to drop the euro single currency and return to the franc, and also leave Europe’s Schengen   travel zone. She has predicted the EU “will die” and has vowed to hold a “Frexit” referendum on France’s membership of the European Union. Macron, also a former economy minister, wants to bolster the EU and the eurozone. He wants to set up a separate budget for the 19 countries that use the common currency. He also proposes giving the eurozone its own parliament and finance minister. “Macron’s victory would bring a huge sigh of relief because of all the candidates, he is the one who backed further EU integration: no ifs or buts,” said Vincenzo Scarpetta, senior policy analyst at Open Europe. In one of his last interviews before Sunday’s   Macron stressed that in case of victory, “I cannot keep Europe as it is”. “We need a Europe that is more efficient, that protects, and that is less boring to people in their everyday lives,” he told French daily Le Parisien. It was this   enthusiasm that led the EU’s most senior figures to openly show their excitement when Macron narrowly beat the second place Le Pen in the first round of the French vote on April 23. “Good luck,” tweeted European Commission chief Juncker only a few hours after the result, in a rare break with Brussels protocol. Juncker’s spokesman said France was choosing between European values and “the destruction of Europe. ” A spokesman for Chancellor Angela Merkel, Europe’s most powerful leader, took a similar approach, wishing Macron the best for the next two weeks of campaigning. EU diplomatic chief Federica Mogherini even praised Macron for speaking against a backdrop of the European Union’s    starred flag on the night of the first round.  —   ‘Good on paper’  —   But analysts warned against such unmitigated enthusiasm. “Reforming the EU may sound good on paper but Macron’s ideas are bold,” said Open Europe’s Scarpetta. “But how much of this is realistic in practice as any of these would require changing the EU treaties,” he said, adding that powerful Germany would also have to be on board. Analyst Henrik Enderlein of the Hertie school of governance in Berlin said that Macron left his mark in Germany as French minister, including with Wolfgang Schaeuble, the EU’s most influential economic official. “It’s totally against the grain to get elected in 2017 saying I want more Europe and that is what has made an impression in Germany,” Enderlein told AFP. Still, turning this into deliverable policies remained a major challenge given the divisions on major issues with Berlin, including security and the economy, he added.",0
11245,"Wells Fargo Warned Workers Against Sham Accounts, but ‘They Needed a Paycheck’ - The New York Times","The message to the dozens of Wells Fargo workers gathered for a   ethics workshop in San Diego in   was loud and clear: Do not create fake bank accounts in the name of unsuspecting clients. Similar warnings were being relayed from corporate headquarters in San Francisco to regional bankers in Texas, as senior management learned that some Wells employees had been trying to meet exacting sales goals by creating sham bank accounts and credit cards instead of making legitimate sales. Across the vast retail bank, more “risk professionals” were deployed in efforts to stamp out the illegal activity. But the bank’s efforts were not enough. Three years after the first false accounts were exposed publicly and the authorities began investigating, Wells, one of the nation’s largest banks, said it was still firing employees over the questionable accounts well into this year. Some former employees say the explanation is simple: Wells has continued to push the sales goals that caused employees to break the rules in the first place. In fact, the goals at the center of a $185 million civil settlement and investigations by prosecutors in three states are not set to be phased out for another three months. “They warned us about this type of behavior and said, ‘You must report it,’ but the reality was that people had to meet their goals,” said Khalid Taha, a former Wells Fargo personal banker who resigned in July. “They needed a paycheck. ” In the week since banking regulators and the Los Angeles city attorney announced the settlement with Wells over the illegal sales practices, Wells Fargo executives, including the chief executive, John Stumpf, have denied that the misdeeds were the result of a flawed incentive structure or an aggressive sales culture. In all, 5, 300 employees have lost their jobs because of the scandal. Wells said in its defense that over the last several years it had adjusted its compensation structure to place less emphasis on meeting sales goals and more on other factors like good customer service. The bank analyzed potentially questionable accounts and employee terminations from 2011 through much of 2015 and concluded that it had made progress in cleaning up its act. Mary Eshet, a Wells Fargo spokeswoman, said the bank’s analysis of that period showed that the questionable accounts and the terminations had been declining since 2013. “The steps we have been taking have been effective,” she said. “And we are continuing to do more. ” In interviews, former employees say the fact that the behavior has continued to occur  —   even if less frequently  —   shows that the bank has not been doing enough to stop it. The biggest problem, the former employees say, has been Wells Fargo’s aggressive sales culture, which was nurtured and honed over decades at the bank’s highest levels. “The branch managers were always asking, ‘How many solutions did you sell today? ’” said Sharif Kellogg, who used to work in a Wells Fargo branch in Catonsville, Md. “They wanted three to four a day. In my mind, that was crazy  —   that’s not how people’s financial lives work. ” One particular branch in the Los Angeles area was held up as a model of employees’ cranking out huge numbers of new accounts. Years before the scandal came to light, retail bankers from other parts of the country used to visit the branch to divine the secret sauce, according to a former bank executive. The branch was eventually hit with a wave of firings over phony accounts. Former employees have scoffed at the bank’s suggestions that the sham accounts were primarily the result of bad decisions by unethical workers. In an online discussion on Reddit this week, former Wells employees swapped grim stories about the dichotomy between their ethics training  —   where they were formally told not to do anything inappropriate  —   and the    reality of a relentless push to meet sales goals that many considered unrealistic. Mr. Kellogg said he was constantly being hounded by his supervisor to increase his sales, or “solutions,” as they were known. “I was always getting written up for failing to bump my solutions numbers up,” he said. Some of his   facing the same pressure, bent the rules, said Mr. Kellogg, who was making $11. 75 an hour when he left the bank in 2012. They would ask local business owners whom they knew well to open additional accounts as favors, saying they could close them later. “It seems as though you’d have to be willfully ignorant to believe that these goals are achievable through any other means,” Mr. Kellogg said. “During our training we go through SO much training about ethics and how you CANNOT do that,” another former Wells teller wrote in the Reddit forum. “I got threatened to be fired as a teller with them because I wasn’t meeting my numbers. I told them I didn’t believe in trying to convince someone to spend money they don’t have, get what they don’t need. ” Bank employees were expected to hit sales goals as part of their regular duties. If they hit the goals, it also factored into their yearly bonus. The bank said the goals were only one of several factors used to evaluate an employee’s job performance. But some former employees said they worried that they would lose their jobs if they did not meet them. Other former Wells employees have vented their frustrations in a series of cartoon videos on YouTube that spoof on the bank’s   culture  —   and the fact that they were hardly getting rich from hitting their bosses’ targets. In one video, a cartoon banker drones on: “If tellers and bankers make those sales numbers each day, at the end of the month everybody in the branch will get a $5 gift card to McDonald’s. The district manager will get a $10, 000 cash bonus. ” After the practice of creating phony accounts was first reported in The Los Angeles Times in late 2013, the bank stepped up its monitoring and ethics training, former employees said. For its part, the bank said it had caught the behavior and started firing workers before the article appeared. In San Diego, Mr. Taha said he attended two days of ethics training where employees were shown the difference between valid and improper accounts. But the problems persisted. Mr. Taha, 28, said he fielded complaints from customers about questionable accounts until shortly before he left the bank this summer. He said bank managers had grown weary of writing up reports on potentially improper sales. “It was like jaywalking,” Mr. Taha said of the practice of creating fraudulent accounts. “It was hard to police. ” Mr. Taha now belongs to the Committee for Better Banks, an advocacy group that has been petitioning banks like Wells to improve working conditions for   employees. Customers all over the country have experienced the effects of the questionable sales. Early last year, Walter Mankowski, a    computer science researcher who lives in Bryn Mawr, Pa. received a Wells Fargo credit card in the mail that he had not applied for. He essentially forgot about the card until months later, when a $45 annual fee for it turned up on one of his account statements. “It took talking to three different people at Wells Fargo to cancel it,” Mr. Mankowski said. “I probably spent half an hour on the phone trying to cancel this card I didn’t know about and didn’t want. ” He is not alone. When the Los Angeles city attorney, Mike Feuer, sued the bank in May of last year over the phony accounts, his office received hundreds of calls from Wells customers and employees. Some of those complaints regarded questionable accounts created only months before the lawsuit was filed. “Clearly the necessity to fire 5, 300 employees shows that there is something that needs to change with Wells internal oversight and with its practices generally,” Mr. Feuer said in an interview. Some customers  —   even those who were not victims  —   agree and are voting with their feet. Darin Grantham, 43, a management consultant who lives in Phoenix, said he planned to close his checking, savings and credit card accounts with Wells Fargo this week  —   not because he had a bad experience, but because “I lost trust in them” because of the scandal. Mr. Stumpf, Wells Fargo’s chief executive, has been called to testify at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on Tuesday, and federal prosecutors are considering bringing charges. He has publicly said he feels accountable for what has happened, but he blamed workers for “misinterpreting” sales goals. Customers like Mr. Grantham aren’t buying it. “They deny it because they don’t want to affect their   bonuses and jobs, but at some level they had to have an idea,” he said of Wells’s senior management. “When   employees lose their jobs, it’s not just them  —   they’re the scapegoats. ” In its settlement with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and other regulators, announced last Thursday, Wells agreed to develop a broad “oversight program” of its sales practices, among other measures. But it was not until four days later that the bank announced that it would halt the sales goals altogether  —   starting Jan. 1. Ms. Eshet said the bank had considered this step for quite some time before finally deciding to eliminate the goals. “We don’t want there to be any doubt on the part of our customers that our team members have their best interest at heart,” she said. Still, the bank decided to wait a few months to implement the change because it needed enough “lead time” to roll out the change correctly, she explained. “It was really important when we are making changes in compensation structure for team members that we get it right,” Ms. Eshet said.",0
11246,She Showed Up Yearly to Meet Immigration Agents. Now They’ve Deported Her. - The New York Times,"PHOENIX  —   For eight years, Guadalupe García de Rayos had checked in at the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement office here, a requirement since she was caught using a fake Social Security number during a raid in 2008 at a water park where she worked. Every year since then, she has walked in and out of the meetings after a brief review of her case and some questions. But not this year. On Wednesday, immigration agents arrested Ms. Rayos, 35. Despite efforts by her family and others who tried to block, legally and physically, her removal from the United States, she was deported Thursday to Nogales, Mexico, the same city where she crossed into the United States 21 years ago. Immigration agents “said she’s a threat, but my wife isn’t a threat,” her husband said in an interview. As one of the estimated 11 million unauthorized immigrants in the United States, Ms. Rayos was always a candidate for deportation, but as a matter of practicality, the Obama administration had focused its finite resources on removing the most serious criminals. The government even won a deportation order against Ms. Rayos in 2013, but had not carried it out, instead merely requiring her to check in periodically. That all changed under President Trump, who ran on a pledge of being tougher on illegal immigration. Among the 18 executive orders that he has issued since taking office on Jan. 20 is one stipulating that undocumented immigrants convicted of any criminal offense  —   and even those who have not been charged but are believed to have committed “acts that constitute a chargeable criminal offense”  —   have become a priority for deportation. Immigrants’ rights advocates say the new order could easily apply to a majority of unauthorized immigrants in the United States. “We’re living in a new era now, an era of war on immigrants,” Ms. Rayos’s lawyer, Ray A. Ybarra Maldonado, said Wednesday after leaving the building here that houses the federal immigration agency, known by its acronym, ICE. But groups supporting Mr. Trump’s moves on illegal immigration say that the deportations were long overdue, and would stop unauthorized immigrants from taking jobs from citizens, even if it meant that painful deportations would be taking place more often. “It’s easy to put a human face on this one woman,” said Ira Mehlman, spokesman for the Federation for American Immigration Reform, adding that he was not opining on the merits of Ms. Rayos’s case. “We can’t precisely pinpoint who the person or people are who might not have gotten a job taken by a person or people here illegally,” he said. “The general principle was we hold the people who violate the laws responsible for the consequences that accrue to other people. ” In a statement Thursday, Yasmeen Pitts O’Keefe, a spokeswoman for ICE, noted Ms. Rayos’s previous felony conviction and deportation order. Ms. Rayos’s “immigration case underwent review at multiple levels of the immigration court system, including the Board of Immigration Appeals, and the judges held she did not have a legal basis to remain in the U. S.,” Ms. O’Keefe said. “ICE will continue to focus on identifying and removing individuals with felony convictions who have final orders of removal issued by the nation’s immigration courts. ” Lawyers from two of the nation’s leading civil rights’ groups said Ms. Rayos might be the first unauthorized immigrant to be arrested during a scheduled meeting with immigration officials since Mr. Trump took office. Ms. Rayos was 14 when she left Acambaro, a city in an impoverished corner of the Mexican state of Guanajuato, and sneaked across the border into Nogales, Ariz. a   drive from Phoenix. She married  —   her husband is also undocumented, and thus did not want his name published  —   and gave birth to a boy and a girl, who are now in their teens. Ms. Rayos was working at Golfland Sunsplash in Mesa, a suburb of Phoenix, when Maricopa County sheriff’s deputies swooped in on Dec. 16, 2008, arresting her and several other employees on charges of suspicion of identity theft and using forged documents to obtain employment. The raid was one of the first ordered by Joe Arpaio, who was sheriff at the time, under an Arizona law authorizing sanctions against employers who knowingly hired undocumented immigrants. She spent three months in a county jail, followed by three months in immigration detention, she told a reporter. In 2013, an immigration court ordered that she be sent back to Mexico, but her case had been on hold since the federal authorities  —   under the Obama administration  —   decided not to act on the deportation order. Her son, Angel, still remembers the evening of her arrest  —   the knock on the door, the flashlight on the darkened living room, the sight of handcuffs on his mother’s wrists. “I was in second grade,” he said. “I never forgot that night, and I’ve lived in fear of losing my mother every night since then. ” Ms. Rayos was afraid to go to her appointment on Wednesday, knowing what might happen. Carlos Garcia, executive director of Puente, an immigrants’ rights group, told her she could skip it and go into hiding or seek refuge at a church in North Phoenix, joining two other unauthorized immigrants facing deportation who have lived there for months. She decided to face the odds. Before her appointment, Ms. Rayos and her family attended Mass. Later, she stopped for a moment, clasped her hands and bowed her head, as if she were reciting a silent prayer. “I have faith in God,” Ms. Rayos said, pinching her forehead and trying not to cry. She walked toward the gates that surround the ICE building, followed by Mr. Garcia and a small army of Puente volunteers, the same group that staged numerous protests against Mr. Arpaio at the height of his pursuit of unauthorized immigrants. The volunteers chanted, “No estás sola,” Spanish for “you are not alone. ” When it became clear that Ms. Rayos would not walk out of the building, the protesters were ready. As a van carrying Ms. Rayos left the ICE building Wednesday, they surrounded it, chanting, “Liberation, not deportation. ” Her daughter, Jacqueline, joined in, holding a sign that read, “Not one more deportation. ” One man, Manuel Saldana, tied himself to one of the van’s front wheels and said, “I’m going to stay here as long as it takes. ” Soon, police officers in helmets had surrounded Mr. Saldana. They cut off the ties holding him to the tire and rounded up at least six others who were blocking the front and back of the van, arresting them all. The driver quickly put the van in reverse and rolled back inside the building. Ms. Rayos was one of several detainees inside the van. Later, a vehicle was seen leaving the building under police escort, and her husband said he suspected she might have been inside. On Thursday, Ms. Rayos’s husband and children received a call from her, telling them she was in Nogales, Mexico, just south of the Arizona border. His daughter had stayed with protesters until long past midnight. By sunrise, she was back home, packing her mother’s suitcase  —   her toothpaste, her brush, her favorite pants and shirts. “Nobody should have to pack her mother’s bag,” she said, her lips quivering, tears filling her eyes. “It isn’t fair. ”",0
11247,Is Feminism A Giant Shit Test?,"As feminism erodes down to its tattooed, lesbian core, we should stop and take a moment to wonder what the point of the third wave part of feminism was. Although it ultimately proves destructive to western societies to give women “equality,” at least the first and second wave had something legitimate to bitch about. Third wave feminism; not so much, and today we’ll talk about the underlying motives and the end game of it all.
When one looks at modern feminism, you see women who have “flipped the script,” to use their term, and rewired life so that men are not necessary for them. A modern feminist has her own job that can meet her needs, but maybe not all her wants, and has her own small place with her cat(s) and Netflix. When she wants the company of men, she goes out and sluts it up and is always successful due to the biological imperative of men.
On the surface, a feminist woman may appear to be the analog of a Red Pill Man, yet, upon closer examination, she is actually an imperfect copy. A man works harder, more dangerous jobs, and makes more money because of it, thus he has money for anything he wants and more. A proper man has interesting hobbies and a healthy, fit lifestyle, and he must do this to fulfill his potential and inner drive, but also because he realizes that normal men do not get laid due to hypergamy and he must be the best he can be if he wants to be successful with women.
However, the most crucial difference lies in the outcome. Women, who outlast their shelf lives while still being single are miserable, and I fully expect the suicide rate of women of my generation to skyrocket in about 5 years from now. Men, whose value is based on their production and can enjoy a later in life peak than women, also can live for other things than companionship and family, and can be quite happy on their own, even if they did want a family at one time, or still do.
So, the question is, if women, despite their feminist pandering to the contrary, actually DO want a man to live with and grow old with, why is third wave feminism devoted to stopping that in every which way? The answer, like most things, lies in the red pill philosophy. Women, including feminists, only want the best men; modern feminism is nothing more than a nuclear-level shit test.
A woman needs an alpha man like a fish needs water SJW society today tells us that men are not supposed to hit on women in the grocery store, in the bookstore, or at the coffee shop because that’s a precursor to stalking or some shit. At night, you’re not supposed to hit on girls at the bar or club, because they are there with the friends and not looking for that. At work, you’re not even supposed to talk to women about anything other than work-related topics because that’s harassment.
If you are wondering where is a guy supposed to meet girls, then you get the point and the answer is that you’re not. Feminists, and women in general, know that any man who actually allows them to regulate his behavior is not a man worth having in the first place, so they are only interested in men that see that the answer to feminism’s constraints is to ignore them in the first place.

Combining the above shit test with hypergamy will result in a winning combo. If a man is successful, good looking, and alpha enough, he has a good chance of pulling another man’s wife directly out of their marriage and family and taking her away. Women are ultimately interested only in their own self interest and that means, when confronted with the best man she has ever beheld, she will go against feminism because it is not in her own best self interest at the time, and instead, be receptive to the man in hopes of snaring him.
Ultimately, women DO still need and want men, they just don’t want to be bothered by inferior men, and third wave feminism does a good job of convincing the betas to stay away until they are wanted for their paychecks by post-Wall NASCAR-style wrecks of women.
When is enough enough? When you look at feminism logically (which is hard), you can come up with the premise that women have been disadvantaged over history, and feminism is an effort to balance the scales. They will disguise it in self-depreciating irony “feminism is the radical notion that men and women are equal,” but what they really men is that men and women should be equal over the balance of history, and, since women have been so disadvantaged, men had better get ready for some suck to square the accounts.
I bet she’s been in 100 ROK articles by now…
The question then follows, if men “owe” women, how much are we talking? Can it ever be paid off, or have women been so heinously treated over the entirety of our existence that there will never be enough atonement to make up for it? I have three theories.
It could be that men have apparently treated women so badly for all time that it can never be paid off because it’s an absolute. The problem with absolutes is they lack scope. The worst atrocities in history have been borne by both men and women alike, and it could be said that men have borne the heavier half, as they are usually expected to die before defeat in war, whereas women, although they get raped by the conquerors, at least get to live. I doubt most women have been treated that badly, though, on the balance, so there is probably some finite amount of penance men would do to restore “equality.”
The other two theories center on the idea that, eventually, men will atone for all faults perceived by feminism, and the only difference lies in what happens then. My second idea is not a noble one, but it is probably the most accurate. Feminists, you see, are not for equality, they are for female supremacy, and, once “equality” is reached, women will get to be on top for millennia. Some would say we are already at that point, and this is why anyone who is not a feminist can see why the movement has faltered and lost whatever relevance it ever had. When you already have it all, shouldn’t you stop and try to actually make things equal, that is, if you actually have moral integrity?
That’s the third idea, the concept of, once all debts are paid, “true equality” would rule. I doubt this one would ever happen, as our victimhood-empowerment culture makes it advantageous to be a victim, and you can’t be a victim if your demographic is on top. Plus, being “feelers,” not “thinkers,” the average woman lacks the intellectual capacity to be honest with themselves.
Conclusion Combining the idea of feminism being a massive shit test to guys and a scam to win money and prizes from society just because you have a vagina, one can see that the only solution is to treat it like the cult bullshit it is. While that is nothing new for those of us here at Return of Kings , and nothing new for those our message reaches, the reason we must treat it like that has hopefully been a little more exposed to the light here.
The reason that feminism makes no sense, and makes it seem like all men have no way to succeed and must lose everything is because that is precisely the point. There is no way to win, there is no equality, there is only female superiority, males that go along with it, and men that do not.
Read More: Feminism Has Lost The Minds Of Young Women 
",0
11248,"“We won, you lost, get over it” Brexiters told outside High Court","Thursday 3 November 2016 “We won, you lost, get over it” Brexiters told outside High Court 
Brexit supporters have been ‘gently encouraged’ to accept the rule of law and allow parliament to vote on whether Article 50 should be triggered. 
The High Court has ruled that Parliament must vote on whether the UK can start the process of leaving the European Union, leaving all Brexit supporters having to get over it. 
Remain campaigner, Simon Williams, told us, “The entire Brexit movement is really big on accepting results, so we have no doubts whatsoever that they will give a knowing nod at this result and simply get over it. 
“I shouldn’t imagine there’ll be a single dissenting voice to be heard anywhere in their ranks, as they tell each other they lost fair and square, and it’s time to move on with their lives. 
“After all, when you lose, you’ve got to try and get over it. That is the only option available to losers, as they have taught us all so well over the last few months. 
“Of course, they might want to try and overthrow the democratic rule of law, but then we might find we get some new portmanteaus like ‘crying Brexitears’ and ‘throwing a Brexitantrum’.” Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently witterings below - why not add your own? ",0
11249,Hillary Clinton Talks To Dead People ADMITTEDLY NO JOKE,"We Are Change 
http://https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRwhrOXaaSM&feature=youtu.be 
 
In this video Luke Rudkowski talks about more controversial election news as its coming to light that Hillary Clinton talks to dead people. While Spirit Cooking is trending on twitter we try to give you a full persecptive on who the Clintons really are and what you should know about them. Again there has been no mention by the MSM about this latest scandel, to keep our operation running and to grow our staff consider donating to us on http://wearechange.org/donate/

The post Hillary Clinton Talks To Dead People ADMITTEDLY NO JOKE appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
11250,Comment on A Chinese Boy With The Ability To See In Pitch Black Dark Baffles Scientists (Video) by Adpres Media - Adpres.net,"  Many humans are discovering they have unique abilities that science can’t explain, suggesting that we may have untapped potential beyond our wildest dreams. Since the majority of people have yet to realize this potential, there is a certain mysticism surrounding this phenomenon, which is why many perceive people with special capabilities as “superhumans.” One of the more recent superhumans to share his talent with the world is Nong Yousui , a young boy from Dahua, China.   Nong Yousui and His Superhuman Eyesight Like many babies, Nong Yousui was born with blue eyes; however, Nong’s eyes have a certain brightness that set him apart from other blue-eyed children. Later in life, he discovered that the colour of his eyes wasn’t his only unique attribute, as he claims to have perfect vision in complete darkness. Naturally, his father brought Nong to the hospital in search for answers. As his father explained , “They [doctors] told me he would grow out of it and that his eyes would stop glowing and turn black like most Chinese people but they never did.” Even though Nong can see clearly in the dark, he has difficulty seeing in sunlight and finds bright light uncomfortable. His teacher also claims that when light is shined directly into Nong’s eyes in the dark, they reflect a neon green tone. When Nong’s story first went public, a skeptical Chinese journalist decided to formally test his claim. The journalist created a set of questionnaires for the boy to complete in a controlled setting, a pitch black dark room. After completing the tests, his results clearly proved that the boy can see, read, and write perfectly in complete darkness. The World Record Academy , the organization that certifies world records, deemed Nong Yousui as the first person to be able to see in the dark and awarded him with a world record. Check out the following video about Nong Yousui and his ability to see in the dark: http://www.medicaldaily.com/chinese-boy-nong-yousui-can-see-pitch-dark-scientists-unconvinced-253207 The Scientific Debate Surrounding Nong’s Night Vision Nong’s story has generated a lot of publicity, mostly outside mainstream media (not surprisingly), though it has attracted attention from the scientific community as well. Many scientists remain skeptical of Nong’s unique eyesight because it doesn’t make sense according to human evolution. As James Reynolds , a pediatric ophthalmologist at State University of New York in Buffalo, explained, evolution is a slow process: “Evolutionarily, mutations can result in differences that allow for new environmental niche exploitation. But such mutations are modified over long periods. A functional tapetum in a human would be just as absurd as a human born with wings. It can’t happen.” Although evolution clearly occurred in nature, it is important to note that there are still many unanswered questions surrounding the theory of evolution and its relationship to modern-day humans. A University of Glasgow study performed in 2000 proved that modern man was not in fact descended from Neanderthals, a species believed to be our ancestors, disproving the out-of-Africa model of modern human evolution. I’m not suggesting that Darwin’s work was wrong whatsoever; I’m simply reiterating the fact that it is a theory that has been applied to humans and that specific parts of it have been disproven, including the hypothesis that we evolved from Neanderthals. With that, I think it’s presumptuous to state that the theory of human evolution negates the reality of Nong’s night vision, when we’re still searching for answers surrounding human evolution in general. Nong’s night vision seems more plausible when you consider all of the other species with similar capabilities. Numerous animals including cats and those that are nocturnal have incredible night vision due to a thin layer of cells that exists in their eyes called the tapetum lucidum (as mentioned above). When light shines directly into these animals’ eyes, their eyes appear to glow, similar to Nong’s. What We Can Learn From Nong’s Story This isn’t the first time we’ve observed incredible capabilities in human eyes. Many people have claimed to heal their eyesight naturally and there have been studies performed on humans that have successfully improved their night vision (read our article about it here ). Eyes have also been referred to as the gateway to the soul, which means they could be used as a tool to look beyond the physical world and into the spiritual. Like Nong, many other people have come forward to share their superhuman abilities with the public — abilities for which scientists have had no explanations. Many of these people are enlightened beings, such as monks who can generate heat and have supernormal mental capabilities. Another infamous ‘superhuman,’ Wim Hof , can submerge his body in ice for hours while meditating and his body temperature remains stable, an ability which still baffles scientists. Why should we automatically doubt a young boy’s uniqueness because science tells us to? It’s time we put our scientific egos aside, accept the fact that some things are inexplicable (for now), and recognize that what we deem impossible may sometimes be possible. To read more about other people with superhuman capabilities, check out our article:",0
11251,"If Clinton goes down, Loretta Lynch will go down with her","VIDEOS If Clinton goes down, Loretta Lynch will go down with her Loretta Lynch’s ties to the Clintons go back to 1999 when then-President Bill Clinton appointed her to run the Brooklyn US Attorney’s office October 31, 2016 
Oh, Loretta. 
I’ll bet that AG Loretta Lynch is shaking in her boots right now, because when Hillary Clinton goes down, Lynch’s career will go down with her. Heck, maybe they’ll even be cellmates. 
Loretta Lynch’s ties to the Clintons go back to 1999 when then-President Bill Clinton appointed her to run the Brooklyn US Attorney’s office. She left in 2002 and went into private practice, but returned to the Brooklyn office in 2010 at the behest of President Barack Obama. ( Here’s her official bio. ) 
In 2015, she was sworn in to become the 83rd Attorney General of the United States, taking the place of the blatantly corrupt Attorney General, Eric Holder , who will probably be most famous for his roles in the Fast and Furious operation, inciting racial tensions, and his mishandling of the Lois Lerner/IRS debacle. First, there was the secret airplane meeting with Bill Clinton 
It all started to publically go downhill for Lynch during the first investigation into Hillary Clinton’s carelessness with national secrets via her home email server . Right before FBI Director James Comey was to meet with Hillary Clinton to interrogate her about the subject, Lynch was busted having a secret meeting with Bill Clinton. The Washington Post reported: Clinton’s private, unplanned meeting with Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch at the Phoenix airport last week, coming at a time when the Justice Department should be nearing completion of its examination of Hillary Clinton’s use of a private server for her emails as secretary of state, will inevitably — and negatively — affect public attitudes about that investigation… …Lynch has tried to make amends, though not without leaving some confusion in her wake. In a conversation Friday with Washington Post editorial writer Jonathan Capehart at the Aspen Ideas Festival, she insisted again that the conversation was innocent — about grandchildren and golf and such — and did not touch on the investigation of the emails. But she said she recognized that others would not see it that way. “The fact that the meeting that I had is now casting a shadow over how people are going to view that work is something that I take seriously, and deeply and painfully,” she said. Lynch said that she would “be accepting” whatever recommendation the career prosecutors and FBI Director James B. Comey bring her — though she did not say she would remove herself completely from the case. She also said she had made that decision some months ago but was only now making it public. 
Of course, it was all much easier for Lynch to abide by the decision when Comey miraculously found that Hillary Clinton was not criminal in her negligence with national secrets. 
Now, though, people are asking questions about that ill-founded meeting. Judicial Watch has filed a lawsuit for “all records” related to the illicit meeting between Attorney General Lynch and former President Bill Clinton. “On June 29, 2016, Attorney General Loretta Lynch is reported to have met privately with former President Bill Clinton on board a parked private plane at Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix, Arizona. The meeting occurred during the then-ongoing investigation of Mrs. Clinton’s email server, and mere hours before the Benghazi report was released publicly involving both Mrs. Clinton and the Obama administration. Judicial Watch filed a request on June 30 that the U.S. Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General investigate that meeting.” Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump suggested that during that meeting, Bill Clinton may have offered to extend Lynch’s position in the AG’s office during a Hillary Clinton administration. Then she blocked a congressional investigation into the notorious Iranian ransom payment. 
Last week, AG Lynch blocked a congressional investigation into the cash payments that the Obama administration made to Iran by pleading the Fifth. The Washington Free Beacon reported: Attorney General Loretta Lynch is declining to comply with an investigation by leading members of Congress about the Obama administration’s secret efforts to send Iran $1.7 billion in cash earlier this year, prompting accusations that Lynch has “pleaded the Fifth” Amendment to avoid incriminating herself over these payments, according to lawmakers and communications exclusively obtained by the Washington Free Beacon … …“It is frankly unacceptable that your department refuses to answer straightforward questions from the people’s elected representatives in Congress about an important national security issue,” the lawmakers wrote. “Your staff failed to address any of our questions, and instead provided a copy of public testimony and a lecture about the sensitivity of information associated with this issue.” “As the United States’ chief law enforcement officer, it is outrageous that you would essentially plead the fifth and refuse to respond to inquiries,” they stated. “The actions of your department come at time when Iran continues to hold Americans hostage and unjustly sentence them to prison.” 
How very judicial of her. Lynch tried to shut Comey up about the new investigation into the Clinton emails. 
Now, even the mainstream media can’t turn its head. 
Earlier I wrote about the fact that FBI Director James Comey made the decision on his own to go public about the new investigation into the Hillary Clinton emails. But let’s talk a little further about Lynch’s desperate attempts to shut him up. 
The New York Times reported that the Justice Department “strongly discouraged Comey” against releasing the information: The day before the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, sent a letter to Congress announcing that new evidence had been discovered that might be related to the completed Hillary Clinton email investigation, the Justice Department strongly discouraged the step and told him that he would be breaking with longstanding policy, three law enforcement officials said on Saturday. Senior Justice Department officials did not move to stop him from sending the letter, officials said, but they did everything short of it, pointing to policies against talking about current criminal investigations or being seen as meddling in elections. 
How interesting that it’s seen as “influencing the election” to investigate someone now but it wasn’t back when she was investigated and not charged. I’m not sure exactly how that works, but according to USA Today (emphasis mine), a “…federal official familiar with Comey’s decision said Saturday that the FBI director considered the attorney general’s advice during a spirited discussion of the matter Thursday and early Friday but felt compelled to act.” Do you remember Janet Reno? 
Poor Janet was another Attorney General who went down for the Clintons. She was also sworn in as AG under Bill Clinton, and many questioned her appointment at the time. According to a report in the Chicago Tribune : She arrived in Washington from Miami as Caesar’s wife, and so she has remained. She was ignorant and independent of insider D.C. and has stayed that way. Bill Clinton never much liked her and never confided in her, and she reciprocated. 
She became AG just in time to take the fall for the debacle in Waco , actually. According to History.com The Waco standoff had already begun by the time Janet Reno became the first female attorney general on March 12, 1993. She approved the FBI’s tear gas plan the following month, explaining that negotiations with the Branch Davidians had stalemated and that the children inside the compound were at risk. “We will never know whether there was a better solution,” Reno said in 1995. “Everyone involved … made their best judgments based on all the information we had.” Nonetheless, a Republican-led congressional report called her decision “premature, wrong and highly irresponsible.” She was also criticized when facts emerged contradicting some of her earlier statements. 
The Tribune post continued to discuss Reno’s position as a scapegoat: Every day since she took office , she has been supervising at least one probe embarrassing to Clinton–Whitewater, fundraising, Lewinsky, China espionage, etc. Clinton can’t afford the political beating he would take if he cashiered her. …But no such attorney general could have survived the Clinton scandals, much less survived them with her own reputation–and her department’s–intact. 
Attorney Generals who have anything to do with the Clintons don’t seem to fare too well. They end up so embroiled in Clinton scandals that they, too, are pulled down into the mire, regardless of what their intentions were when they started out. Lynch can see her future…and it has something to do with “Help Wanted” ads 
The last time Lynch was involved in the Clinton email kerfuffle, she promised to abide by FBI Director James Comey’s recommendation. 
I wonder if she’ll make that same promise this time? 
She really can’t, because if she does, it will show she was complicit with the Clintons the last time around, and also this time when she decried Comey’s release of information about the investigation. 
I wonder if she and Hillary Clinton will be able to get adjoining cells when/if the truth comes out. Via Daisy Luther Daisy Luther is a single mom who lives in a small village in the mountains of Northern California, where she homeschools her youngest daughter and raises veggies, chickens, and a motley assortment of dogs and cats. She is a best-selling author who has written several books, including The Organic Canner , The Pantry Primer: A Prepper’s Guide to Whole Food on a Half-Price Budget , and The Prepper’s Water Survival Guide: Harvest, Treat, and Store Your Most Vital Resource . Daisy is a prolific blogger who has been widely republished throughout alternative media. On her website, The Organic Prepper , Daisy uses her background in alternative journalism to provide a unique perspective on health, self-reliance, personal liberty, and preparedness. You can follow her on Facebook , Pinterest , and Twitter .",0
11252,Mika: Trump Has ‘No Credibility Where We Stand Right Now’ - Breitbart,"Friday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” while discussing President Donald Trump’s former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn working as a foreign agent during the presidential campaign,   Mika Brzezinski said declared the Trump presidency as having “no credibility where we stand right now. ”  Brzezinski said, “It’s staggering   …     They have made a joke of the entire transition process, and this presidency has no credibility where we stand right now. I don’t say that with hysteria. I don’t say that with shrillness. I say that with a deep sense of concern for how we often cover this story because there are people who believe Trump from start to finish and he’s not telling the truth. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
11253,The End of Obama’s Term: A Report Card on Latin America,"Share This 
As the end of Obama’s term in office approaches, it may be of interest to evaluate his performance on Latin America. One of Obama’s foreign policy promises at the beginning of his first term was to change the way America does business with Latin America. 
The promise to change the way America does business in its backyard was a significant one because the way America has played in its backyard has a long and consistently appalling history. The history of interference and regime change began early when President McKinley betrayed Cuba and stole it under the deceptive promise of liberating it from Spain. In 1903, Theodore Roosevelt severed Panama from Columbia, declared it an independent nation and put in power a government whose first act was to sign over the future Panama Canal. In a little discussed maneuver, the U.S. cooperated with the 1908 removal of Venezuelan President Juan Vicente Gómez. In 1909, President Taft removed Nicaragua’s José Santos Zelaya because he insisted that US companies in Nicaragua honor their agreements and tried to make his country less dependent on the US by borrowing from European, and not American, banks. 
In the modern era, 1954 saw Eisenhower order the CIA overthrow of Guatemala’s Jacobo Arbenz. In 1959-1960, Eisenhower would also start the covert action to remove Fidel Castro from Cuba. Kennedy would continue to rain ""the terrors of the earth"" on Cuba. He would also begin the Brazilian coup that would overthrow Goulart in 1964 and undertake a political action to encourage the removal of Cheddi Jagan from power in Guyana. In 1971, Nixon would brutalize Chile with the coup against Salvador Allende. President Omar Torrijos of Panama would die in a plane crash in 1981. In The New Confessions of an Economic Hit Man and in an interview with Amy Goodman on Democracy Now , John Perkins has claimed that Torrijos’ plane crash was another US assassination. Though it has never been proven that Torrijos’ death was a CIA assassination, there is some evidence that, at least earlier, consideration of his assassination was on the table. At the close of 1989, George H.W. Bush, in an unprovoked attack on the civilian population of a nation that had never threatened America, would take out Panama’s Manuel Noriega. At the end of the last century and the beginning of this one, Jean-Bertrand Aristide was twice removed from power over the popular voice of Haitians. The Latin American coups would continue through George W. Bush’s unpopular and short lived 2002 removal of Hugo Chavez in Venezuela. 
So, it is not unimportant to evaluate Obama’s performance on his promise to change this tragic and shameful history. It’s not unimportant, but it is unimpressive. 
It didn’t take long for the first indication that nothing had changed. On June 28, 2009, Honduras’ democratically elected President, Manuel Zelaya, was seized at gunpoint, removed in a coup and whisked away in a plane that refueled at a US military base. 
After the coup, US support to the Honduran military only increased. The American ambassador was never recalled, and the US refused to join the call of the United Nation’s General Assembly and the Organization of American States for the return of the elected President. Though the Organization of American States (OAS) refused to recognize the new coup president, the US State Department refused to join in that too. In fact, following an election that the OAS, the U.N. and others refused to recognize, the US would insist on recognizing the coup government as the victor of the election. 
But, despite the refusal to call Zelaya’s removal at gunpoint a coup, and despite recognizing the coup government as the legitimate government of Honduras, the Obama White House knew it was a coup. By July 24, 2009, less than a month after the coup, the White House was in receipt of a cable sent from the US embassy in Honduras. In an almost comic lack of subtlety that was clearly never meant to be public, the cable is called ""Open and Shut: the Case of the Honduran Coup"". In it, the embassy says ""There is no doubt that the military, Supreme Court and National Congress conspired on June 28 in what constituted an illegal and unconstitutional coup . . . ."" Their conclusions could not be clearer: the embassy explicitly calls it a ""coup"" and says that ""[t]here is no doubt"". And just in case there were any remaining objections, the cable adds that "". . . none of the . . . arguments [of the coup defenders] has any substantive validity under the Honduran constitution"". 
At best, Obama cooperated with the coup by maintaining silence, though his administration was engaged in dialogue with the rebellious military up to the day of the coup, and by recognizing the coup government as the legitimate government of Honduras. Latin American expert Mark Weisbrot told me in a correspondence that ""the Obama administration acknowledged that they were talking to the [Honduran] military right up to the day of the coup, allegedly to convince them not to do it"". But, he added, ""I find it hard to believe that they couldn’t convince them not to do it if they really wanted to: the Honduran military is pretty dependent on the US"" The charge was reiterated by Rodolfo Pastor Fasquelle , the minister of culture in the Zelaya government, who said on Democracy Now that ""I know for a fact that CIA operatives and military personnel of the United States were in direct contact with the conspirators of the coup d’état and aided the conspirators of the coup d’état."" At worst, Obama was, as Zelaya has always insisted, involved in the coup. Zelaya claims that ""the coup came from the north form the US"" In the heat of the coup, the plane that was carrying the kidnapped president landed at the US military base of Palmerola for fifteen to twenty minutes while it refueled, despite the close proximity of its destination. After the coup, then Secretary of State Clinton has admitted that she aided the coup government by shoring up the coup government blocking the return of the elected government: ""In the subsequent days [after the coup] I spoke with my counterparts around the hemisphere, including Secretary [Patricia] Espinosa in Mexico. We strategized on a plan to restore order in Honduras and ensure that free and fair elections could be held quickly and legitimately, which would render the question of Zelaya moot."" 
After the coup against Zelaya, Ecuador’s popularly elected president, Rafael Correa, said, ""We have intelligence reports that say that after Zelaya, I’m next."" He may have been right. 
The year after the Honduran coup, there was an attempted coup on Correa. Although the action failed, Latin American expert Mark Weisbrot says it was clearly an attempted coup to overthrow the government of Rafael Correa. 
Corrrea had renegotiated oil contracts and demanded a bigger share of the big oil companies’ revenue for the people of Ecuador. He also opposed a free trade agreement with the US and closed the US military base in Ecuador. He joined Venezuela, Cuba, Bolivia and Ecuador in the Bolivarian Alliance for the Peoples of Our America (ALBA) and successfully defaulted on over $3 billion of foreign debt that was illegitimately contacted by Ecuadorian leaders Correa said were CIA supported dictators. 
Prior to Obama, the US had started action against Correa. An October 2005 embassy cable sent by US ambassador Linda Jewell outlined action for ""desirable political and economic change in Ecuador."" In 2006, she cabled that a Correa election would ""derail"" US hopes as the embassy expects Correa to join Chavez and other nationalist South American leaders."" In the same cable [06QUITO2150], Jewell said that the US has ""actively discouraged potential alliances"" with Correa. She admitted [06QUITO2991] to ""working in concert with other Ecuadorians and groups who share our vision."" 
During the Obama years, the US would continue to intervene in Ecuador. In March 2009, Ecuador expelled Mark Sullivan, an American official whom they accused of being the CIA station chief in Quito and whom they accused of playing a role in the suspension of US assistance to a special investigative police unit when Ecuador named a new chief of whom the US didn’t approve. 
On October 30, 2010, the coup Correa had been expecting came. The coup leader was a graduate of the School of the Americas. A government appointed commission found that ""foreign actors"" had been involved in the coup. One of members of the commission announced his belief that the US State Department and the CIA had been involved. 
The same year, Obama failed his next test. That year, America bankrolled the Haitian elections. The cost was 14 million dollars: a price tag that presumably gave America some say. But Haiti’s Provisional Electoral Council (CEP) banned fourteen parties from running in the election. The CEP was handpicked by the ruling party in a process that is not recognized by Haiti’s constitution. 
Fanmi Lavalas, the party of Jean Bertrand Aristide, who was twice removed in US sponsored coups, is the largest and the most popular party in Haiti. It has won every election it has been allowed to participate in. That it has been allowed to participate in, that is. But in this US backed election, Fanmi Lavalas was not allowed to participate: it was banned by the CEP. 
The US and its allies continued to influence the Haitian elections when they supported a runoff between two unpopular candidates representing essentially the same side. But the second round runoff between the two candidates was illegal because the CEP never accomplished the number of votes to ratify the first round results that selected them. 
The Obama administration financed the election that specifically excluded the party the people wanted to elect. And, in doing so, Obama broke his foreign policy promise to Latin America and very quietly continued to do business with Latin America in the same interventionist way the US had always done business with Latin America. 
The next indicator of a failing grade came in Paraguay, where in June 2012, Fernando Lugo, the democratically elected leader of Paraguay was removed in a coup. The right wing opposition opportunistically capitalized on a skirmish over disputed land that left at least eleven people dead to unfairly blame the deaths on President Lugo. It then impeached him after giving him only twenty-four hours to prepare his defense and only two hours to deliver it. The Latin American organizations Unasur and Mercosur suspended the new Paraguayan government; the US spent coup day negotiating a new military base in Paraguay. As in Honduras, they never used the word “coup”. 
But they could have used the word if they hadn’t wanted to support the coup with their silence. As early as 2009, US embassy cables say that Lugo’s political opposition has as its goal to ""Capitalize on any Lugo missteps"" and to ""impeach Lugo and assure their own political supremacy"". The cable notes that to achieve their goal, they are willing to ""legally"" impeach Lugo ""even if on spurious grounds"". Obama knew it was a coup: the US had been tipped off about the strategy and told what it would look like. 
The next year, 2013, the interference moved to Venezuela. Against the wishes of the United States, Hugo Chavez’ successor, Nicolás Maduro, won the right to continue the Bolivarian Revolution by winning the next national election. America was the only country in the world to refuse to recognize the election results , though 150 electoral monitors from around the world monitored Venezuela’s election, including delegations from the Union of South American Nations and the Carter Center. 
Two years later, in 2015, the Obama administration again became involved in Venezuela. Contrary to Obama’s promise, business went on as usual with American money being pumped into Venezuela to fund groups who oppose Maduro. Since 2000, $90 million has poured into Venezuela. That sort of interference in Venezuela is not suggestive of a new way of doing business in Latin America. In 2015, that US funded opposition once again attempted to pull off a coup in Venezuela. Maduro explicitly accused the Americans of, as in 2002, being involved. 
The accusation is not an empty one. Venezuelan officials have produced a significant volume of evidence that the events constitute a failed coup and that the US was involved. They have produced a recording of a communique that was to be issued after the Maduro government was removed from power. They have shown confessions by military officials. And they have admitted as evidence a recorded phone conversation between opposition leaders discussing the coup. The day before the planned coup, Caracas Mayor Antonio Ledezma, who is known to have made phone calls to a US number, Leopoldo Lopez and Maria Corina Machado, both major opposition leader of last year’s attempt to remove Maduro from power – an attempt that they made clear was an attempted coup by saying that they would not to stop until they “ got rid of Maduro "" – signed a National Transition Agreement. Weapons were also found in the office of the opposition party. 
Lucas Koerner of Venezuelanalysis.com adds that the aircraft to be used as part of the failed coup has links to the notorious American security firm Academi (formerly Blackwater). And it has been reported that a number of the coup leaders obtained US visas from the American embassy to facilitate escape should the coup fail. 
And, just this past May, President Maduro has declared a state of emergency, accusing the US of once again conspiring with right wing groups in Venezuela to overthrow his government. Maduro says that “Washington is activating measures at the request of Venezuela’s fascist right.” 
In perhaps his final chance to make good on his promise to do business with Latin America differently, Obama has, once again, disappointed by maintaining American silence on the coup in Brazil. How do we know that Obama should have spoken out against the take over of parliament by an unelected party? How do we know that it was a coup? Because the unelected party said so. Twice: both before the coup and after. 
The publication of a transcript of the call between Romero Jucá, who was a senator at the time of the call and is currently the planning minister in Michael Temer’s new government, and former oil executive Sergio Machado, provides incontrovertible proof that the removal of the elected President was a coup. The phone call lays bare “a national pact” to remove Dilma and install Temer as President. Jucá reveals that, not only opposition politicians, but also the military and the Supreme Court are conspirators in the coup. Regarding the military’s role, Jucá says, “I am talking to the generals, the military commanders. They are fine with this, they said they will guarantee it.” And, as for the Supreme Court, Glenn Greenwald reports that Jucá admits that he “spoke with and secured the involvement of numerous justices on Brazil’s Supreme Court.” Jucá further boasted that “there are only a small number” of Supreme Court justices that he had not spoken to. 
So confident is Michel Temer that he has US support for his coup that he is comfortable to openly boast about it in the US in front of an audience of business and foreign policy leaders. Temer clearly told his American audience that elected President Dilma Rousseff was not removed from power for ""violating fiscal laws by using loans from public banks to cover budget shortfalls, which artificially enhanced the budget surplus"" as the official charge stated. She was, the new, unelected President admitted, removed because of her refusal to implement a right wing economic plan that was inconsistent with the economic platform Brazilians elected her on. Temer’s economic plan featured cuts to health, education and welfare spending as well as increased emphasis on privatization and deregulation. 
Rousseff was not on board. So she was thrown overboard. In the words of Temer’s comfortable confession : 
And many months ago, while I was still vice president, we released a document named ‘A Bridge to the Future’ because we knew it would be impossible for the government to continue on that course. We suggested that the government should adopt the theses presented in that document called ‘A Bridge to the Future.’ But, as that did not work out, the plan wasn’t adopted and a process was established which culminated with me being installed as president of the republic. 
Confession. Cased closed. 
And just to remove any doubt that the coup government’s motivation was not indignation at Rouseff’s fiscal maneuver, one of the coup government’s first acts of legislation was to explicitly legalize the very budgetary act they had impeached Rousseff for two days earlier. 
So, once again, at best, Obama gets a low grade on his foreign policy promise for maintaining silence on what he knows to be a coup in Latin America. Silence is support. At worst, he gets a failing grade for cooperating with the coup. 
American participation in the Brazilian coup has not been established. But, “there is no doubt that the biggest players in this coup attempt – people like former presidential candidates José Serra and Aécio Neves – are US government allies,"" according to Latin American exert Mark Weisbrot. And Boaventura de Sousa Santos, Professor of Sociology at the University of Coimbra in Portugal and Distinguished Legal Scholar at the University of Wisconsin-Madison says that Brazil is awash in financing from American sources, including “CIA-related organizations.” 
The very day after the impeachment vote, Senator Aloysio Nunes of the coup government began a three day visit to Washington . Nunes is a significant player in the coup government: he was the vice-presidential candidate on the 2014 ticket that lost to President Rousseff and a key player in the effort to impeach President Rousseff in the senate. Nunes scheduled meetings with, amongst others, the chairman and ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Bob Corker and Ben Cardin, as well as with Undersecretary of State and former Ambassador to Brazil Thomas Shannon. Though Nunes denies it, there are reports that his trip to Washington was ordered by Michel Temer. The willingness to go ahead with the planned meetings with Nunes right after the impeachment vote demonstrates, once again, at least tacit acceptance or approval on the part of Washington. 
So, Obama broke his promise. His foreign policy in Latin America may be more silent and more subtle, but the way he has done business with Latin America has not broken from the long line of Presidents who preceded him. At a rapid and consistent rate of almost one each year, Obama has done business as usual in America’s backyard: 2009 in Honduras; 2010 in Haiti and, perhaps, Ecuador; 2012 in Paraguay; 2013 in Venezuela; 2015 in Venezuela again and 2016 in Brazil. 
Ted Snider writes on analyzing patterns in US foreign policy and history. An earlier version of this article was published on ConsortiumNews . Read more by Ted Snider",0
11254,Obama Buries Nuclear Codes In White House Back Garden,"0 Add Comment 
CAREFUL to dispose of the nuclear codes under the cover of darkness, US president Barack Obama began digging at an unknown patch of earth behind the White House at 3am this morning, WWN has learned. 
However, there was some urgency required as first light began to break over the horizon and Obama, along with two aides, had yet to bury the modest box which contained the codes to all of America’s nuclear warhead missiles. 
“Just shout the safety word we agreed on if you see anyone coming, even if it’s Michelle, no one can know it’s here, maybe we can tell her where they are when she runs in 8 years time,” Obama said to a secret service official as his brow glistened with sweat. 
Now clawing at the earth in a frantic fashion with his bare hands fuelled by images of a tiny orange hand plunging its digits onto the ‘launch nuclear weapon’ button, the Democrat felt he could take no chances with the codes as Republican candidate Donald Trump was leading in some national polls. 
“Whose job is it to regularly water the grass here, I want his ass fired, it’s been hell digging here, it’s so hard and dry,” Obama added, unaware watering the White House lawns was the official duty of the president of the country. 
Finishing burying the box containing the codes, Obama used the shovel to dab down the freshly overturned soil before striking his aides over the back of the head with the digging tool. 
“No one can know where it’s buried, no one,” Obama added, as he dragged their unconscious bodies to another patch of White House lawn, whereby he set about digging two fresh holes.",0
11255,Fishing for Clues to Solve Namibia’s Fairy Circle Mystery - The New York Times,"With its   grasslands and oppressive heat, the middle of the Namib Desert may seem like a strange place to go fishing. Yet there Jennifer Guyton and Tyler Coverdale were, standing in a sea of orange sand and brittle yellow grass with their   carp pole. But the two Princeton graduate students weren’t trying to catch some sort of   dogfish or a literal “sand shark. ” That would be absurd. Instead, they had swapped the hook with a camera so they could investigate the scenery around something much more scientifically sensible: fairy circles. That is what scientists call the mysterious bald spots speckled across Namibia’s grasslands. The rings are six feet to 115 feet wide and are regularly spaced out in a hexagon or honeycomb pattern. As their ethereal name would imply, fairy circles have long bewildered researchers as to their origins. But a new study published on Wednesday in the journal Nature that Ms. Guyton and Mr. Coverdale were involved in seeks to offer some insights into how the enchanting landscapes may have formed. Although the name fairy circles sounds sweet and peaceful, there is passionate scientific disagreement over how they arise, and the two prevailing hypotheses have become adversaries in the dispute. One side suggests that termites, locked in   competition with neighboring colonies, create the circles as they fight for dominance and resources. The other says that perpetually thirsty plants simultaneously assist and compete with their neighbors’ roots, causing the vegetation to “ ” into the patterns. The new study suggests that termites and plants may be jointly responsible for forming fairy circle landscapes in Namibia. And it has received mixed reviews from scientists entrenched in the dispute. “We thought both sides of the debate bring in compelling arguments for each of these mechanisms, so why should it be one or the other?” said Corina Tarnita, an ecologist from Princeton University and the study’s   author. Dr. Tarnita worked with Juan Bonachela, a mathematician from the University of Strathclyde in Scotland, to test the termite and plant explanations in a computer model. They found that either hypothesis could generate the fairy circle features. But when they tested both mechanisms together, the model revealed a second, smaller pattern hidden within the clumps of grass between the fairy circles. “Everyone was focusing on the circles and not what was happening in between them,” said Robert M. Pringle, an ecologist at Princeton and another author on the paper. The next step for the team was to confirm that this second vegetation pattern existed in nature. So they sent Ms. Guyton and Mr. Coverdale to Namibia in 2015 with their camera and fishing pole. Ms. Guyton said that each of the grassy patterns was as different as fingerprints, but were mathematically similar. By comparing the photos with their model, the team verified that the second pattern did exist in the grass surrounding the Namibian fairy circles. That finding, they said, confirmed that their mathematics reflected reality and suggested that only by interacting together could insects and plants create the landscape that characterizes Namibian fairy circles. Some fairy circle experts firmly placed in either team termite or team plant had strong doubts about the paper’s findings, while others welcomed it. Norbert Juergens, a biologist from the University of Hamburg in Germany who published the study that said termites engineer fairy circles agreed with the overall findings and said that he hoped they would “be an   for all those who since 2013 questioned the termite hypothesis. ” Stephan Getzin, an ecologist at the Helmholtz Centre for Environmental Research in Leipzig, Germany, was not persuaded, saying in an email that the paper was unable to account for the presence of fairy circles where sand termites were completely absent, as in Australia. “Logically, if there are fairy circles without the presence of termites, the termite theory cannot be considered as a strong explanation for the phenomenon,” he said. Dr. Tarnita responded that their model showed that both termites and plants could make the fairy circles, but that the entire system, which includes the vegetation and the   patterns seen in the Namibian fairy circles, needed both. Walter R. Tschinkel, a retired entomologist from Florida State University who was not involved in the study, said in an email that the assumptions the team made about termites in their computer model were untested. “There is no evidence that the real termite Psammotermes allocerus does what the computer ‘termite’ does,” he said. But Max Rietkerk, an environmental scientist from Utrecht University in the Netherlands, said that the authors showed that the two hypotheses could have worked together in Namibia’s fairy circles. He also agreed, however, that the argument could use more empirical evidence. Dr. Pringle defended the use of their model, pointing out that it drove the team to discover new empirical evidence that no one had found before, the   grass patterns. Despite the team’s attempt to solve the mystery, it seems the fairy circle scuffle flutters on.",0
11256,Magnus Carlsen Overwhelms Challenger in Tiebreakers to Win World Chess Championship - The New York Times,"It took nearly three weeks, 12 closely fought games and a day of   tiebreakers to decide the World Chess Championship, but at the end of play on Wednesday, victory went to Magnus Carlsen, the Norwegian grandmaster, leaving Sergey Karjakin to return home to Russia in noble defeat. “Karjakin only wanted to prove he was Carlsen’s equal,” said Denes Boros, a Hungarian grandmaster and chess commentator who was at the event. “Carlsen came to prove he was greater. ” In the end, he was. Wednesday was Mr. Carlsen’s 26th birthday, which he said earlier in the week had been good luck in the past. Mr. Karjakin is also 26, making them the youngest pair ever to face off in the world championship. Spectators at the Fulton Market Building in Lower Manhattan, many of them students of past championships, declared the match outstanding, with each player pressing minute advantages or finding inventive defenses against whatever attack the other threw at him. “It’s one of the   matches on both sides,” said Lev Alburt, a grandmaster who has followed championship matches since 1954. “Even the fact of many draws, almost all have been achieved in very sharp play. Both players are trying to squeeze something almost from nothing. Where other players would play safe, both keep playing for a win, creating problems for their opponent at a risk to themselves. ” “It’s one of the most exciting championship matches in history,” he said. “If you’re a beginner, you can learn a lot, and if you’re a grandmaster, you can learn a lot. ” Everything got fast and fun on Wednesday, as the solemn, deliberative pace of the first 12 games gave way to rapid action in which mistakes were inevitable. The tiebreakers consisted of four games of   chess, with each man given 25 minutes to complete his moves, plus an additional 10 seconds for every move made. After Peter Thiel, the billionaire entrepreneur and former chess prodigy, made the ceremonial first move, Mr. Karjakin, playing white, began the day like most others, with the Ruy Lopez opening. Both players started aggressively, with Mr. Carlsen advancing his pawns on the queen side. He stood up from the board twice in the opening minutes. Mr. Karjakin pushed back, but after an exchange of major pieces, the game headed to a draw  —   a slight advantage for Mr. Carlsen, who now had white for two of the remaining three games. In the next game, with the rain outside wrapping the venue in a gauzy gray, Mr. Carlsen put enormous time pressure on Mr. Karjakin, at one point forcing the Russian’s clock down to near zero. But a combination of creative defense and missed opportunities let Mr. Karjakin escape with a stalemate, eliciting applause from the crowd. “Magnus blew it,” said Maurice Ashley, a grandmaster watching in a V. I. P. area. Then in Game 3, first blood. With Mr. Karjakin again playing white, Mr. Carlsen applied unrelenting pressure on both sides of the board, forcing Mr. Karjakin again to use his clock. This time the challenger did not have a response for Mr. Carlsen’s attack, and they entered the last game with Mr. Karjakin needing a win just to stay alive and force the match into the blitz round. Mr. Carlsen, playing white in Game 4, never gave Mr. Karjakin a chance, opening a slight advantage and pressing it until the challenger had to fight not to lose. This time, Mr. Karjakin’s remarkable ability to eke out draws was of no use. Mr. Carlsen, needing only a draw to win the match, pressed on and won. For Mr. Carlsen, who has been called “the Mozart of chess,” the last two games were a   recovery from his mistake in Game 2, which allowed his opponent to escape. After defending brilliantly throughout the match, Mr. Karjakin never managed a serious attack in the tiebreakers. With just three wins in 16 games, Mr. Carlsen retained his title and his reputation as a player with no weaknesses. This was the first world championship match in New York since 1995, and organizers hoped to emulate the luxury boxes at baseball or basketball games, with a V. I. P. lounge where drinks were free and tickets cost up to $1, 200 a day. Regular day passes cost $75 most days. It was a test for chess as an American spectator sport, and the results were mixed. Even in the venue, most spectators followed the game on video monitors or computer simulations of the board, rather than observing the players through the   mirrors. Many played their own games as the action was going on. Yet the energy of the crowd at moments was unmistakable, if never exactly at the level of Alabama versus Clemson. The organizers said 10 million people worldwide followed the match online  —   some paying $15 and up for   video, but most watching computer renderings of the board and pieces for free. The winner takes home 60 percent of a prize purse of about $1. 1 million, lower than at some previous championships. Bruce Pandolfini, a writer and teacher, said that history was being made, in part because of the players’ youth and Mr. Carlsen’s celebrity, and also because the match was accessible to anyone with a smartphone. Both players are young enough to build a rivalry for years to come, though three Americans  —   Fabiano Caruana, Wesley So and Hikaru Nakamura  —   were all rated higher than Mr. Karjakin going into the match and are eager for a shot at the title in 2018. If one of them gets that far, he will be the first American to compete for the championship since Bobby Fischer won it in 1972. After the game, Mr. Karjakin suggested that he might have   at the expense of his creativity. “Maybe it would be better to have a fresh head and not repeat so much,” he said. Mr. Carlsen said it was the most difficult of his championship matches, adding, “I’m very happy that at the end of the match I managed to find joy in playing. ” He added, “That’s the most important thing. ”",0
11257,Scientists: Asian Pollution Causing West Coast Smog - Breitbart,"Air quality in some East Asian capitals is famously poor, with residents of Beijing taking extreme measures to avoid the health risks associated with heavy pollution. [The problem has grown worse as emerging Asian economies, particularly China, have increased their use of   coal and private automobiles.  Now, scientists from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) warn that East Asian pollution may be causing smog along the West Coast of the United States, as nitrogen oxides move on air currents across the Pacific Ocean. National Public Radio reports: The problem, scientists say, is that Asian countries’ emissions of nitrogen oxides  —   which sunlight then breaks down in reactions that produce ozone  —   have tripled since 1990. When those harmful gases circulate to North America, they offset gains in U. S. air quality that have come from cutting nitrogen oxide emissions by 50 percent.   …     The research was published in the journal Atmospheric Chemistry and Physics. The study looked at levels of   ozone (the key component in smog) from 1980 to 2014.   …     They concluded that the spike in   emissions in Asia “is the major driver” of the rise in ozone levels in the western U. S. for both spring and summer in recent decades. According to the study, which was funded by NASA, U. S. air pollution whose original source is in Asia has increased by 65%. In the 2011 Fukushima nuclear reactor disaster, which followed the Japanese tsunami, there were concerns that Pacific air currents could bring radioactive particles across the ocean and into the U. S. Such radiation was first detected in December 2016. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
11258,Mold allergies and toxins - Damaging effects must be managed,"Mon, 24 Oct 2016 08:13 UTC © Nutrition Review Mold toxin in cereals, coffee and wine inhibits cell regeneration in the brain. Chronic sinus problems, brain fog, unrelenting fatigue, ice pick headaches, increased gut permeability, and prone to static shocks may be signs of trouble with mold allergies and mold toxins. Sources of molds can easily come from fall foliage decay, water damage from heavy rains, floods, and hurricanes, and even several foods. Exposure to mold leads to not only the common respiratory symptoms, but can cause increased gut permeability and more severe immune disorders like CIRS and Mold-Related Illness. Mold toxins are ubiquitous and must be managed for health. Mold Allergies Mayo Clinic describes mold allergy as similar to other types of upper respiratory allergies. Common symptoms include sneezing, runny or stuffy nose, cough and postnasal drip, itchy eyes, nose and throat, watery eyes, and dry, scaly skin. Mold allergy problems may lead to asthma, fungal sinus infections, and allergic reactions in the lung like allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis and hypersensitivity pneumonitis. In this context, the mold allergies recognized are IgE reactions. IgE reactions reflect immunological inflammation caused by immediate or acute hypersensitivity. This is the same response as someone who eats peanuts or strawberries and develops hives or has anaphylactic symptoms. Treatment focuses on nasal corticosteroids like Flonase and Omnaris along with antihistamines. Natural support for acute allergic mold symptoms focus on antihistamines, reducing congestion, and blocking immune system chemicals like leukotrienes that lead to excess mucus. A number of antihistamine drugs are modeled after the nutrient quercetin, a natural antihistamine and bioflavonoid found in apples, onions, and other natural foods. Carnosine, chlorella, arabinogalactan, B vitamins, vitamin C, D, tocotrienols and DHA help reduce histamine release, help stabilize the immune (mast) cells that release histamine, and help lymphatic congestion. Antihistamine medications are not without side effects. Benadryl affects acetylcholine and may increase the risk for dementia. Mold Toxins In addition to mold allergies, there is the concern of mold toxins impacting the health of the gut and immune system. Changes in childhood growth, increased gut permeability, autoimmune disorders, and even systemic autoimmune inflammatory reactions, known as Chronic Inflammatory Response Syndrome (CIRS) may occur as a result of mold biotoxins or mycotoxins. Mold emits toxins that the body must detoxify. These substances, known as volatile organic compounds or VOCs, produce the musty odor of mold. Some of the gases produced include hexane, benzene, acetone and methylene chloride. These gases are known for their role in upper respiratory inflammation and sick building syndrome. Another toxic substance produced by mold is trichothecenes. Trichothecenes are toxic metabolites or mycotoxins produced by mold or fungus. They are found in the agricultural and food industry worldwide, which poses health hazards for animals and humans alike. Trichothecenes decrease macrophage activity in the immune system, which may increase the susceptibility to bacteria and viruses. Macrophages are a type of white blood cell that helps clean up cellular debris, germs, cancer cells, etc. It is the pac-man garbage collector of the immune system. Mold Toxins and Gut Changes Foods contaminated with molds are of concern around the globe. Mycotoxins , like aflatoxin, deoxinivalenol (DON), and fumonisins, etc. effect the intestines and cause significant damage to the gut lining and function. The direct impact includes decreased intestinal cell viability, reductions in short chain fatty acid (SCFA) concentrations elimination of beneficial bacteria, increased expression of genes involved in promoting inflammation and counteracting oxidative stress. Researchers report that as technology is able to better measure food contamination to mold toxins, they find ""that a significant proportion of the human population is chronically exposed to DON doses exceeding the provisional maximum tolerable daily dose."" Recent research demonstrates just how powerful these mold biotoxins are, affecting intestinal function but also damaging immune, endocrine, and neurological function, and stunting the growth process in children . Animal and human studies focus on three major mycotoxins - aflatoxin (AF), fumonisin (FUM), and deoxynivaenol (DON). These different toxins have distinct actions, but they all cause intestinal damage, affect protein synthesis and create inflammation. As a result of consuming foods contaminated with mycotoxins, children in this study experienced environmental enteropathy. This is a low grade chronic condition of the small intestine that causes poor absorption of nutrients and increased intestinal permeability (Leaky Gut Syndrome). The mycotoxin contaminated food causes a breakdown in the villi or fingerlike projections of the gut resulting in inflammation affecting the entire body. Researchers believe that the chronic exposure to mycotoxins in the food supply contributed significantly to loss of growth, wasting, and stunting in these children. This concern is widely present in third world countries, but it certainly raises questions for all, even in affluent countries. Common Mold Toxins in Foods Aflatoxins may be present in many different types of foods. This includes cereals, tree nuts, corn, peanuts/peanut butter, pistachios, Brazil nuts, chilies, black pepper, dried fruit and figs. Milk, cheese, and dairy products may be contaminated with aflatoxins. Fumonisins are primarily found in corn-based products like yellow cornmeal, blue cornmeal, corn muffin mix, and mixed grain cereals. The mold mycotoxin DON (deoxynivaenol) is frequently found infecting grains in the field or during storage . Humans are exposed to it with the consumption of cereal grains like corn, wheat, oats, barley, and rice. Researchers note that it has been detected in buckwheat, popcorn, sorghum, triticale, and other food products including flour, bread, breakfast cereals, noodles, infant foods, pancakes, malt and beer. Pointing out these foods is not meant to make one ""food phobic"" but rather it is to realize that these toxins are ubiquitous and they can be problematic especially if they are a staple to the diet. Certain foods will have more or less amounts than others. Individuals who struggle with mold toxins, leaky gut syndrome, and insufficient antioxidants may need to limit or avoid these foods while their body heals. CIRS - Chronic Inflammatory Response Syndrome Mold biotoxins can have a severe impact on health in those who are genetically susceptible. These biotoxins commonly occur in the environment from water damaged buildings and as noted above from the food supply, etc. Once the source of mold toxins has been removed and the damaged structure repaired, many individuals are able to clear these mold toxins out of the body without trouble. However, it is estimated that almost 25 percent of the population is genetically susceptible to chronic mold illness, which is known as Chronic Inflammatory Response Syndrome or CIRS. An older name is ""mixed mold exposure"" . CIRS occurs because of genetic susceptibility with the HLA DR/DQ genes. Individuals who have this gene and the protein (MHC Class II protein) that it commands, fail to recognize mold toxins or biotoxins. The mold biotoxins stay activated in the body and continue to cause inflammation and damage. Until the toxins are cleared out, the chronic inflammation stays smoldering . The same genes also affect how the MHCII proteins recognize Lyme biotoxins. Lab Tests for Severe or Unresolved Concerns If you wonder why you can't get rid of chronic respiratory concerns, ongoing fatigue, and feel like your losing your memory, you may want to look into testing for the HLA DR/DQ (DRB1, DRB3, DRB4, DRB5 and DQ) mold susceptibility genes. Other labs of great value include TGF-beta, MSH, VEGF, VIP, C4a, C3a, anti-gliadin (gluten) intolerance, ADH, MMP-9, and leptin. Estrogen, progesterone, thyroid and adrenal hormones are also affected by mold toxins leading to deficient or imbalanced levels. Common lab tests that measure inflammation, i.e. CRP and SED rate, are not elevated with mold biotoxins. What Does CIRS Look Like? Symptoms or common diagnoses associated with or affected by CIRS and mold toxins includes Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, ulcerative colitis , fibromyalgia, Lyme disease , Hashimoto's thyroiditis, chronic EBV and other herpes viruses, rheumatoid arthritis , brain fog, brain fatigue , Crohn's disease, Celiac disease, poor memory, exercise intolerance, respiratory problems, chronic sinusitis, blood sugar problems, and poor oxygenation . Fatigue, muscle aches, muscle cramps, ice pick headaches/sharp stabbing pain in the head, light sensitivity, morning stiffness, word finding difficulties, decreased academic or work performance, frequent or increased static shocks, appetite changes, vertigo, body temperature dysregulation, diarrhea, and other symptoms may be present. Autoimmune disorders and neurological inflammation should raise the question of mold toxicity. Sudden increase in weight after moving into water damaged building or new work environment may occur due to the inflammatory overload to the brain that leads to leptin resistance . Elevated leptin and weight gain in this context will fail to respond to dietary changes and physical activity. Removal of oneself from the toxic environment is critical followed by mold remediation of the building. Removal of dust particles saturated with mold VOCs is important as these circulate through the air and will continue to affect the mold toxin susceptible individual. Work with mold experts if you suspect or have CIRS and live or work in a water damaged building. How to Help Ease the Toxic Burden One of the most important things that you can do to help your body, i.e. your liver, gut, brain deal with these toxins is to ensure healthy glutathione levels, detoxification and removal of these substances from the body, and gut repair . Support and treatment of mold toxins includes several different nutrients. Mold toxins must be detoxified through the liver and the cytochrome P450 pathway. This detox system relies heavily on adequate glutathione and SOD enzymatic antioxidant pathways which require several nutrients. This includes B vitamins, NAC, MSM sulfur, acetyl-l-carnitine, lipoic acid, taurine, choline, glycine, glutamine, arginine, manganese, iron, coenzyme Q10, zinc, copper, silymarin, omega 3 fish oils, vitamin A, C, and E, and others. It is also helpful to support healthy gall bladder and bile acid function to help bind onto and clear mold toxins. Friendly flora/gut bacteria, fiber , lipoic acid, oregano oil , chlorella , or d-limonene help support this process. By supporting glutathione, cytochrome P 450 system, bile acids and gall bladder, the body stands a better chance in clearing out the VOCs and inflammatory compounds that mold exposure creates. Rebuilding and healing of the damaged gut lining is just as essential as the detoxification of mold toxins to stop autoimmune, endocrine, and neurological injury. Leaky Gut Syndrome repair relies heavily on vitamin D, vitamin A, glutamine, omega 3 oils, the good omega-6 oil GLA, and probiotics. Curcumin, boswellia, and resveratrol provide vital anti-inflammatory support for the gut and also the brain. Use enough digestive enzyme support to help breakdown all food types and reduce the strain on the gut and immune system. For those who have CIRS, other steps and medical support may be needed. Mold toxins are invariably present. It is a matter of how we handle their toxic effects or if we struggle under the burden of this environmental challenge. Genetics, exposure amounts, and efficiency and efficacy of the detoxification pathways determine the outcome of this equation. If you feel worse in certain environments or by consuming foods with these toxins, then it may be time to remediate the damaging effects of mold. Nutritional Options Chlorella - This blue-green algae super food packs power when it comes to detoxification. Chlorella binds onto toxins in a safe manner without stressing the liver, gut, or gall bladder. Quality of chlorella varies in the industry. Choose only chlorella grown indoors that is free of environmental toxins. A very thin or semi-permeable cell membrane is preferred over a broken cell membrane. B Vitamins - B vitamins are essential for detoxification and the cytochrome P 450 system. Several of the B vitamins are required for glutathione production and antioxidant function. Given the demands of today's world, B vitamin replenishment and support is a must. Omega-3 and -6 oils - The omega-3 oil DHA and the omega-6 oil GLA are critical in protecting the brain and body from inflammation. The gut lining requires DHA and GLA to heal when increased permeability exists. Vitamin A - This often overlooked vitamin is essential for the epithelial lining of the gut as well as the mucosal lining of the sinuses and lungs. Without adequate vitamin A, the immune system struggles to maintain integrity. Those who struggle with thyroid concerns may not be able to convert beta carotene into vitamin A. Oregano Oil - This spice provides powerful anti-fungal support. It also demonstrates anti-inflammatory and antihistamine benefits. We have used oregano oil for many chronic sinus and respiratory concerns for nearly 25 years with great results. Many low quality forms of oregano oil add olive, soy, or other oils. It is best to use a product free of added, unnecessary ingredients. Silymarin - Silymarin is the active ingredient of milk thistle extract. It has been shown highly protective to the liver and is essential for the cytochrome P 450 system. In addition to its benefits for detoxification, it helps to recycle glutathione and acts a natural anti-inflammatory compound for the liver and brain. Fiber - Fiber is critical to binding onto toxins dumped into the gut. This includes the toxins from the liver and gall bladder. Arabinogalactan fiber and oat bran fiber provide excellent forms of soluble and insoluble fibers. In order to clear toxins and keep the bowels moving, it is often very helpful to increase fiber intake to 30 - 50 grams of fiber per day. Today's diets often have very low fiber intakes of 8-10 grams per day.",0
11259,Steve Bannon Leaves National Security Council After Susan Rice Takedown - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump’s Senior adviser Stephen K. Bannon has exited his role on President Donald Trump’s National Security Council, claiming that his mission is complete. [“Susan Rice operationalized the NSC during the last administration. I was put on to ensure that it was ” Bannon said in a statement to the Wall Street Journal.  The council suffered a tumultuous transition after Trump’s first National Security Adviser Gen. Michael Flynn resigned less than a month after he took office and was replaced by Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster. “General McMaster has returned the NSC to its proper function,” Bannon said in his statement. Other sources told reporters that Bannon was part of the council to monitor Flynn’s activity in the early days of the Trump administration. Former National Security Adviser Susan Rice and Obama allies were furious that Bannon was allowed on the council, even though he rarely attended meetings. Rice was exposed earlier this week by reports revealing that she requested the unmasking of key members of Trump’s transition team. A White House source confirmed to Breitbart News that Bannon will retain his security clearance in the West Wing. Other reporters noted that Bannon could still attend NSC meetings even though he was removed from the National Security council principles committee.  Trump’s Secretary of Energy Rick Perry was added to the council. Nikki Haley, the Representative of the United States to the United Nations was also included as well as Director of National intelligence Dan Coats, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford, and CIA director Mike Pompeo. ",0
11260,Nostradamus Predicted Trump Victory And The Apocalypse,"It has been claimed that Nostradamus prophesied Donald Trump’s surprise victory as President of the United States five centuries ago, putting to shame modern pollsters. 
Via YourNewsWire 

The famous French medical practitioner and seer has been credited for predicting major world events and his followers claim he foresaw Donald Trump’s victory. However, the end is nigh…because as at the same time, Nostradamus also predicted that Trumps presidency would herald the the end of the world.
The ancient prophet refers to president-elect Donald Trump as “the false trumpet” who will one day engage in military adventures to force “Byzantium to change its laws,” which in turn would lead to the Apocalypse. “The false trumpet concealing madness will cause Byzantium to change its laws,” Nostradamus predicted over four hundred years ago.
While many were surprised by the billionaire’s victory in the 2016 US election, followers of Nostradamus would not have been, claiming the prophesier predicted this in the 16th century.
In Century III, Quatrain 81, Nostradamus wrote: “The great shameless, audacious bawler. He will be elected governor of the army: The boldness of his contention. “The bridge broken, the city faint from fear.”
Many believe that the “shameless, audacious bawler” part refers to Mr Trump’s loud communication, while “governor of the army” refers to being in charge of the world’s leading military force. In Century 1, 40, another prediction reads: “The false trumpet concealing madness will cause Byzantium to change its laws.”
Byzantium was an Ancient Greek colony – some have connected this to the fact Greece is becoming a landing spot for immigrants and refugees, a topic that has been at the center of Mr Trump’s candidacy.
Finally, in Quatrain 50, Nostradamus writes “the Republic of the big city” will engage in costly military operations, ordered by the “trumpet”, which has led to fears of nuclear war. One user wrote on Facebook: “I pretty sure this is the start to Nostradamus’ prediction of the Apocalypse.”
Another posted: “Nostradamus predicted this outcome. Nostradamus predicted after the trumpet wins, there will be a Great War! He predicted this 400 yrs ago! “His prediction have all come true! I’m afraid America is going fall, compare us to Roma, we have to much debt, and we import more than we export, we are in serious trouble.”
",0
11261,Get Ready for the Perseids Meteor Shower: ‘It Will Rival the Stars in the Sky.’ - The New York Times,"Prepare for the Perseids. This week, the annual meteor shower will illuminate the night sky with cosmic fireworks, creating a particularly dazzling display for skygazers across the Northern Hemisphere. NASA estimates that between 160 and 200 meteors will ignite in Earth’s atmosphere every hour during the display’s peak on Thursday night and Friday morning. Normally the shower has between 80 and 100 space specks. You can thank Jupiter and its intense gravity for turning this year’s meteor shower into a meteor hurricane. The Perseids occur when Earth runs into pieces of debris floating in the solar system that were left behind by Comet  . The    dirty snowball orbits the sun about once every 133 years. It made its last close pass by the sun in 1992. But you won’t be seeing the leftovers of that event. A general rule of thumb with meteor showers is that you are never watching remnants from a comet’s most recent orbit. Instead, the burning bits come from the previous pass. In this case, the debris were ejected when Comet   visited in 1862 or earlier. For this week’s shower, Jupiter’s gravity has tugged together at least three meteor streams left by the comet into Earth’s path. Our planet will run into a cluster of leftovers from Comet  ’s rendezvous in 1862, 1479 and 1079. “You’re seeing pieces of ice that have been orbiting for that long   themselves into the Earth’s atmosphere,” said Bill Cooke, an astronomer with NASA’s Meteoroid Environment Office. Jupiter’s large gravitational pull is constantly influencing the meteor streams, according to Dr. Cooke. Sometimes it tugs them toward Earth, and sometimes it pushes them farther away. The last time a special Perseids shower like this one occurred was in 2009. The Perseids zoom through the atmosphere at around 133, 000 miles per hour and burst about 60 miles overhead, according to Dr. Cooke. Most of the meteors are about the size of a grain of sand, but some can be as large as a silver dollar. You should be able to see many of the small bursts, but it’s the handful of large ones that create   fireballs when set ablaze. “It scares you to the bone when you see it coming across,” said Jackie Faherty, an astronomer from the American Museum of Natural History. “If you get just one, it will be embedded in your vision for all time. I don’t think you forget things like this. ” The best way to see the Perseids meteor shower, according to Dr. Faherty, is to go to a location with a clear view of the entire night sky. Ideally you would go somewhere with dark skies, but she said the main thing to look for is a spot that offers a wide, unobstructed view. She said that even in a crowded city like New York you could still spot some of the flashes by going to a rooftop. The best time to watch is before dawn on Friday. Before getting their hopes up, stargazers should be warned that the weather and moonlight can obscure the show. If that happens, there are several livestreams of the event to watch, like one hosted by NASA and one hosted by Slooh, a global system of cameras and telescopes pointed at the sky. Still, Dr. Faherty suggests people get outside and try to see it for themselves. “It is worth waiting out there for an hour, two hours, three hours, four hours even to catch a glimpse of something like this,” she said. “When you get a good one, it will rival the stars in the sky. ”",0
11262,Iran Parliament Speaker Lectures Netanyahu on Purim Story: ’Read The Torah’ - Breitbart,"The Times of Israel reports: Iran’s parliament speaker on Sunday rejected Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s comparison of the ancient Persians who sought the annihilation of the Jews in the Purim story to   Iran, advising the Israeli premier to study history and the Jewish Bible. [In an address to parliament on Sunday, which coincided with the Purim holiday, Iranian Speaker Ali Larijani said in Tehran that “apparently, [Netanyahu] is neither acquainted with history, nor has read the Torah,” according to Iranian media reports.  Larijani said that Netanyahu “has distorted the Iranians’   historical era and attempted to misrepresent events. Of course, nothing more than presenting such lies is expected from a wicked Zionist,” he said, according to the   Fars News Agency. Read the full story here.",0
11263,Afghan Vice President Seen Abducting Rival - The New York Times,"KABUL, Afghanistan  —   As heavy snow fell on the muddy arena in northern Afghanistan where a traditional game of buzkashi  —   two teams of horsemen fighting for a dead goat  —   was underway on Friday, a scuffle broke out near the stands. It was not just another group of hotheaded fans going at it. The man who had thrown the punch is the vice president of Afghanistan, Gen. Abdul Rashid Dostum. And he did not stop there: To drive the humiliation home, he put his foot on the chest of his downed victim, a political rival named Ahmad Ishchi, who was then beaten by the general’s bodyguards, thrown into the back of an armored vehicle and taken away, said several of Mr. Ishchi’s relatives, many of them speaking on the condition of anonymity out of fear of retaliation. “Dostum came there, and he walked around the stadium,  —   then he called Ahmad Ishchi over to him,” said Gulab Khan, a relative of Mr. Ishchi who was among about 5, 000 spectators at the game. “After talking with him for a couple of minutes, he punched him, and his bodyguards started beating him with  . They beat Ahmad very badly and in a barbaric way. ” The account of General Dostum’s actions  —   while not unexpected for a former warlord with a history of accusations of human rights violations and abuse, including physical acts of retaliation against allies and rivals  —   underscores fears about someone a heartbeat from the presidency. With President Ashraf Ghani traveling on an official visit to Central Asia, General Dostum is technically the acting president. For more than two days, he has held a political rival hostage in one of his properties, with members of Mr. Ishchi’s family increasingly concerned about his health. On Sunday, hundreds of protesters gathered outside the vice president’s pink palace in the northern city of Shibarghan, pleading with him to free Mr. Ishchi. The protesters remained all day, but General Dostum did not meet with them. His guards simply told the protesters that the general was busy or resting. Spokesmen and advisers to General Dostum did not respond to requests for comment, despite promises from several of them. Aides who had accompanied the general to the game, and who were shown at his side in official pictures, flatly denied they had been there. Lutfullah Azizi, the governor of Jowzjan Province, which includes Shibarghan, said on Sunday that he was away from his office on a visit to Kabul, the capital, but was trying to calm the situation. “I organized the tribal elders and sent them to talk with General Dostum to release Ahmad,” Mr. Azizi said. “They are currently meeting General Dostum, and we are emphasizing Ahmad’s release tonight, as he is sick. ” While the two men have a long history of not getting along, a senior Afghan official who also spoke on the condition of anonymity said Mr. Ishchi had shown some sign of disrespect at a very vulnerable time for the general. General Dostum has increasingly felt marginalized and humiliated by Mr. Ghani in Kabul. He has spent more time away from his office  —   he is often seen in uniform on the battlefields of his northern stronghold  —   than behind his desk. Mr. Ishchi has been involved in politics in the north for decades and helped General Dostum found the Junbish party, which he leads now. A former labor leader during the Communist regime, he rose to serve in senior provincial government positions. One of his sons was a district governor in Jowzjan, and another is a member of the provincial council there. A third son has become rich in recent years through businesses he has in Turkey. The senior Afghan official said that although Mr. Ishchi had little power compared with General Dostum, the general considered the Ishchi family a threat to his own dynasty as he groomed his children to inherit his party and influence. The confrontation happened soon after General Dostum returned to the country from an absence that followed another outburst aimed at Mr. Ghani, in which he threatened to cause trouble if he was not taken seriously. The general was angry at the lack of help from the central government when his convoy was ambushed by the Taliban during a military operation in Faryab Province, killing many of the men who had been at his side for years. At Friday’s game, General Dostum arrived in a convoy of black armored vehicles. Before the goat was slaughtered to start the action, a video of the event showed, local musicians sang a tribute to the recent martyrs as the general wept. His trembling lips pushing out deep breaths of pain, and with snow gathering on his shoulders, he wiped his tears with a white tissue. Then he took it out on Mr. Ishchi.",0
11264,Survey: American Women Are ’Ashamed’ of Earning More than Their Boyfriends and Husbands - Breitbart,"Women are uncomfortable   their boyfriends and husbands, according to a new survey. [According to a report from Refinery 29, young women are uncomfortable navigating a relationship in which they   their significant other. A survey revealed that many American women would be uncomfortable being the breadwinner in a relationship, citing concerns that the responsibility of providing for their partner would be tiring.  When asked how they would feel if they knew right now that they would always be the breadwinner in their current marriages and relationships, words like “tired,” “exhausted,” and that special one, “resentful” turned up over and over again. One woman responded, “It’s stressful. It’s a huge responsibility. I pressure myself to stay in the job I’m at even if I’m unhappy there. ” Another wrote, “I kind of assume this will be the case, just based on our past jobs and  . It makes me feel a little weary sometimes, like I may never get a break, or get to pursue something I might really love, but if I COULD do something I really loved while making enough money to support us, I would be perfectly fine with that. ” This was a common theme in the responses. Most of these women didn’t mind being the breadwinner as long as they eventually had the option to make less, their partners contributed equally in the household, and it didn’t trap them into jobs they no longer wanted. One commenter on the Refinery 29 article condemned the attitudes of the women who participated in the survey, arguing that at no point was it mentioned that men must have historically experienced similar stress over having to provide for their wives: “The primary revelation of this article seems to be the stress and pressure that results from supporting another individual and a family. It’s curious that no observation is made that this is what men fulfilling this role for hundreds of years prior must have felt. ” That might not be correct. Perhaps one reason husbands tend to earn more than their wives is that they are more comfortable with being the top earning spouse. In 2015, 38 percent of American wives made more than their husbands. This trend is increasing, as less than a quarter of American women   their husbands in 1987. However, research from the University of Chicago revealed that relationships in which wives making even $5, 000 more than their husband annually were more likely to end in divorce. Research from Washington University in St. Louis on marriages in Denmark revealed that wives earning more than their husbands were more likely to take   medications and also more likely to suffer from insomnia. According to a report by The New York Times, most young Americans expect to equally share financial and   responsibilities with their partner. “When young Americans are asked about their family aspirations, large majorities choose equally shared breadwinning and   if the option of   work policies is mentioned. ” This may be, in part, due to the reality that there is a financial advantage for couples in which both partners have an income. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com",0
11265,"The Oakland Fire: Delving Into What Happened, and Why - The New York Times","OAKLAND, Calif.  —   A devastating fire.   lives lost. A community reeling. Less than one week after a blaze ripped through a ramshackle warehouse known as the Ghost Ship, this shocked city is grappling with an array of questions about what precisely happened, many of them deeply troubling. To try to answer them, The New York Times is deploying a team of journalists across Oakland as part of an investigative reporting effort. We would typically reveal our findings in an article published at the end of our reporting. This time, though, we are doing something different: We are going to share regular updates on what we uncover as we do our reporting. We’ll tell you about the interviews that our journalists conduct, the documents we obtain and what we learn as we learn it  —   as part of our effort to piece this story together. We are also asking readers for help in tracking down information, and for suggestions on what issues related to the fire we should explore. Email oaklandfire@nytimes. com. • Could the city have done more to prevent the Ghost Ship fire? What did the city know about the violations at the warehouse? Did it follow up on citations? • What was the cause of the blaze? • What more can be learned about the owner and  ? Who is ultimately responsible? • Should this tragedy result in more crackdowns on illegal housing in Oakland? • Who are the people living in spaces like the Ghost Ship? • Are there other places like it in Oakland, and why do people choose to live there? • What does this story tell us about gentrification in the city? • What does the fire mean for Oakland? Yamiche Alcindor is on the team of Times reporters looking into the aftermath of the fire. On Wednesday, I set off to find out more about Oakland’s fire inspection codes, which have become a major focus since the fire. Topping the list of people to contact was Zac Unger, vice president of Local 55, the Oakland firefighters union, who had told several news outlets that the Fire Department had suffered from mismanagement. After playing phone tag for part of the morning, Mr. Unger spoke with me for about half an hour and laid out what he said were years of problems in the department. Specifically, Mr. Unger said he had complained regularly to city officials, telling them that the city does not have enough fire inspectors and that its Fire Department lacks proper resources. Mr. Unger also said he had openly criticized Fire Chief Teresa Deloach Reed for going several years without having a fire marshal to oversee whether the city was inspecting the proper number of buildings and potentially hazardous spaces. “I said specifically the mismanagement of the Fire Department is going to lead to a tragedy and you need to do something about it now, and I am heartbroken to have been proven right and to have all of these people dead,” Mr. Unger said. Still, it is too early to say if city officials could have done more to prevent the fire. Officials have not said how many times fire inspectors visited the Ghost Ship to check for fire hazards, or if city code inspectors ever flagged the building as being used for something other than its zoned purpose. (I am awaiting a response from the fire chief and other city officials.) Sgt. Barry Donelan, the president of the Oakland Police Officers’ Association, said it was “ridiculous” to expect police officers responding to emergencies to also determine if the buildings they enter have dangerous living conditions. “My guys are trying to get out there and protect our community,” he said. “They are going to do their duties. But you can’t be effective in arrests and imposing building codes. That’s ludicrous. ” He added that in their reports, officers focus on crimes like robberies or domestic violence, and don’t scour residences for code violations. He said he wasn’t sure how many times officers had visited the Ghost Ship. The warehouse was run by a married couple, Derick Ion Almena  —   also known as Derick Ion  —   and Micah Allison, whom residents described as the “master tenants” who rented the building and sublet parts of it to others. The building was owned by Chor Nar Siu Ng, who also owns several other Oakland properties. Current and former tenants have told my colleagues that when Ms. Ng or her daughter came by, Mr. Almena and Ms. Allison told tenants to pack away bedding and cooking supplies. According to a 2014 report by an Alameda County grand jury that investigated the Oakland Fire Department’s efforts to inspect commercial buildings, fire inspections were usually “conducted on a    basis and initiated” by the department. California law also mandates that commercial properties be inspected annually. But that same 2014 report found that 4, 000 buildings were not inspected because of “competing” priorities. According to its records, Oakland’s Planning and Building Department has not had an inspector inside the Ghost Ship in the last 30 years, Darin Ranelletti, the department’s interim director, said Wednesday. “That means that we had no applications for permits in the last 30 years and there were no violations that were submitted for interior work within the main building attributed to that street address,” he said. WHAT’S NEXT: What are the competing priorities that leave some 4, 000 buildings uninspected each year? What does the city’s inspection process look like? What are the fire and police protocols when firefighters or officers spot potentially dangerous living conditions?  —   YAMICHE ALCINDOR Thomas Fuller is the San Francisco bureau chief of The Times. No one answered the door at a building known as the Deathtrap, another warehouse inhabited by artists in West Oakland. Residents at many such collectives operating in the gray areas of the law are now very concerned about a crackdown. While I was taking stock of this   building, which sits in a neighborhood of vacant lots, industrial workshops and a billboard announcing plans for a “luxury” development, a   man pulled up in a battered black vehicle that resembled an El Camino. As soon as I announced that I was a reporter, he told me residents were planning to issue a statement soon. It’s a sign of how badgered by the media Oakland artists have been in recent days that an art collective known as the Deathtrap is pushing out a news release. “There are definitely concerns that this will lead to evictions,” said the man, a Deathtrap resident, refusing to give me his name. “Everyone is tense. ” But what about the safety of the people who live in these structures? “The warehouse scene in Oakland is very diverse,” he said. “To judge us all by the same standard would be a mistake. ” Oakland has always attracted artists, musicians and other performers to its postindustrial grittiness and sprawling landscape of warehouses. In recent years, the city has become even more of an artistic hub as economic refugees have crossed the Bay Bridge from unaffordable San Francisco. The Ghost Ship fire,   for its loss of life, is sending panic through the art community here because of fears that such spaces could be shut down. Matt Hummel, a longtime member of Oakland’s artistic scene who at one point ran for City Council, spoke about these fears among artist collectives that, before the fire, openly advertised their locations and parties. “Everyone is scrubbing their Facebook feeds, going to Google and saying, ‘This place never existed,’” he said. “They are erasing everything. ” Artists, Mr. Hummel said, are communicating by Signal, an encrypted messaging system. While I was typing up this note in the back of my car, which was parked on Fruitvale Avenue, just a few steps from site of the Ghost Ship fire, Libby Schaaf, the Oakland mayor, called. Should artists be worried? “We have gone through an immense tragedy,” Ms. Schaaf replied, “but it would be another tragedy if we did not learn lessons from this and improve every system we have to improve the safety of our residents. ” In cracking down on fire standards, is there a risk of destroying the artistic community that the city wants to preserve? “I am born and raised in Oakland,” she said. “I can’t tell you what a personal commitment I have to preserving and lifting up that unique and creative energy that makes Oakland Oakland. ” There will be no “witch hunts,” she vowed. Mr. Hummel said he feared that landlords would use the fire to justify kicking out   tenants, skirting the city’s considerable tenant protections to upgrade and get   renters. Mr. Hummel, who used to live in a communal warehouse space, said he has been to many other artist spaces, and though they might not be up to code, they are not nearly as dangerous as the Ghost Ship, which residents say had a makeshift electrical system and timber artwork, wooden partitions and a wooden staircase  —   what proved to be a treacherous mix of combustible materials. Artist warehouses had gone five decades without a catastrophic fire like this, he pointed out. “The majority of these places are not an inferno waiting to happen,” he said. WHAT’S NEXT: Now I’m hoping to talk to more artists in Oakland to see their spaces. Safety, affordability and the intangible magic that allows art to flourish  —   can Oakland make all that work? We’d love to hear from readers about other places like the Ghost Ship. Email us at oaklandfire@nytimes. com.  —   THOMAS FULLER",0
11266,"Strong 5.4 Magnitude Quake Hits Central Italy, Rattles Rome","Click Here To Learn More About Alexandra's Personalized Essences Psychic Protection Click Here for More Information on Psychic Protection! Implant Removal Series Click here to listen to the IRP and SA/DNA Process Read The Testimonials Click Here To Read What Others Are Experiencing! Copyright © 2012 by Galactic Connection. All Rights Reserved. 
Excerpts may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Alexandra Meadors and www.galacticconnection.com with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of any material on this website without express and written permission from its author and owner is strictly prohibited. Thank you. 
Privacy Policy 
By subscribing to GalacticConnection.com you acknowledge that your name and e-mail address will be added to our database. As with all other personal information, only working affiliates of GalacticConnection.com have access to this data. We do not give GalacticConnection.com addresses to outside companies, nor will we ever rent or sell your email address. Any e-mail you send to GalacticConnection.com is completely confidential. Therefore, we will not add your name to our e-mail list without your permission. Continue reading... Galactic Connection 2016 | Design & Development by AA at Superluminal Systems Sign Up forOur Newsletter 
Join our newsletter to receive exclusive updates, interviews, discounts, and more. Join Us!",0
11267,Trump Tells The Truth,"Trump Tells The Truth
And that is why the One Percent hate him
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYozWHBIf8g&app=desktop 
The post Trump Tells The Truth appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .",0
11268,"Hurricane Batters Florida’s Gulf Coast, Then Turns North - The New York Times","CEDAR KEY, Fla.  —   Florida may have largely dodged catastrophic damage from Hurricane Hermine, which blew through the state on Friday, but you would not have known it by visiting this artsy village of about 700 people in the northwest, near the Panhandle. Teresa Gonzalez sat inside what was left of her pink and purple Beach Front Motel on Friday afternoon and started calling customers to cancel their reservations. The hurricane had knocked out one wall of her motel, and the storm surge left the place littered with debris. The sandbags she had laid around the property had been carried away. “None of us expected anything like this,” said Ms. Gonzalez, who moved to Cedar Key five years ago. “There is a lot of damage on this island, and it wasn’t until last night really that they told us the surge would be up to 11 feet. By then it was too late. ” She added: “There is not much we can do but shut down and rebuild again. ” The police chief, Virgil Sandlin, said the town had been “devastated” by the wind, the rain and a   storm surge that coincided with high tide. The island had been under an evacuation order, and most people had left. Many houses, even those on stilts, had lost walls as the wind pried them loose or trees crashed down. Floodwaters invaded many homes and businesses in this Gulf village more than two hours north of Tampa. City Hall flooded, and the town’s waterfront thoroughfare, Dock Street, was seriously damaged. The cleanup, Chief Sandlin said, will require substantial work. “I’ve been here 34 years, and I’ve never seen anything like that,” he said. “In my view, we got the worst damage. It’s devastating, almost breathtaking to see what wind and water has done compared to some of the other systems that have come through here. ” Some businesses looked like they were beyond repair, he said. One house had burned. “There will be a lot of them that will be fixable, and some of them no,” Chief Sandlin said. On the waterfront, many of the restaurants had been ravaged by the wind and the waves. A new fixture sat inside the Big Deck Bar and Grill it had come from the restaurant across the street. “Their staircases are in our dining room here,” said Darlene Skarupski, who owns the restaurant with her husband. She stood with a cold beer in hand outside a     window that dared, “Bring it on, Hermine. ” “I don’t even know where to begin,” she said. A few hours after the storm, as people streamed back into their homes and businesses, a sense of camaraderie took hold. People with shovels started clearing out debris. One storefront started piping music out to the street. Another business started offering free coffee to  . And the storm itself headed for the Carolinas as a tropical storm, leaving areas of northern Florida to cope with the aftermath of the first hurricane in 11 years. The Category 1 hurricane toppled countless trees, flooded homes and cut electricity to hundreds of thousands of people. The National Hurricane Center said the storm made landfall at 1:30 a. m. Friday near the tiny town of St. Marks, 30 minutes south of Tallahassee, with winds of 80 miles per hour. Last night it was making its way up the Eastern Seaboard, where it will continue to unleash rain and high winds through the Labor Day weekend. Tropical storm watches are in effect. The government warned of “the possibility of threatening inundation” through Sunday morning at “most coastal locations” between the North   border and Bridgeport, Conn. In Maryland, Gov. Larry Hogan declared a state of emergency for parts of the state in anticipation of the storm. In Florida, the cleanup began early Friday. “There is a lot of work left to do, and we will spend the coming days assessing damage left by the hurricane,” said Gov. Rick Scott, who rode out part of the storm in the governor’s mansion in Tallahassee, where several trees toppled on the property. Despite the direct hit on Florida, the   winds spared most of the northern part of the state, leaving behind a manageable mess in the most affected counties and not the kind of catastrophic damage a more powerful storm could have wrought. One person was reported killed, a homeless man in Marion County who was hit by a tree. The greatest property damage came to the state’s small Gulf Coast communities, many of which were built on islands that cater to tourists. In addition to Cedar Key, other communities were also starting to rebuild. Farther north, in St. Marks, where the hurricane came ashore, water had poured into a   . In Taylor County, the county administrator, Dustin Hinkel, said the coast had “sustained severe damage. ” In Steinhatchee, a small fishing community in Taylor County where the governor made a   visit, some residents were being ferried by boat to their homes. Parts of the county battled a   surge of water. The Florida National Guard had been called in to help. Mr. Scott had urged people in   communities to evacuate, and it appeared that most people had heeded his advice. Only a handful of rescues took place across north Florida, including 18 people in Pasco County who were plucked out of floodwaters. In the marshy fishing village of Suwannee, where Gulf Coast waters meet the Suwannee River, almost everyone had obeyed the county’s evacuation orders except for a few   who were holding a hurricane party with vodka and cranberry juice. Others though found lodging where they could. About 25 miles away in Old Town, the Suwannee Gables Motel and Marina compensated for a wave of holiday weekend cancellations by accommodating waterfront residents scrambling for shelter. Hurricane Hermine was the first hurricane to make landfall in Florida since Hurricane Wilma in 2005. Back on Cedar Key, which Mr. Scott visited Friday evening to assess the damage, Ms. Gonzalez said as bad as things were, she had one thing to be grateful for as evening approached. “At least we have a home to go to,” she said.",0
11269,Mom ‘Embarrassed’ By 4-Year-Old’s Blunt Words to Elderly Man Doesn’t Realize How Badly He Needed to Hear Them,"Share on Twitter 
Tara Wood and her four-year-old daughter, Norah, were picking up her birthday cake at a local grocery story when they passed an older man. 
As her mom describes on Facebook, there was something that drew Norah to this specific gentleman. Her eyes lit up and she began waving: 
“Hi old person! It's my birthday today!” 
“Well hello little lady,” the man replied. “And how old are you today?” 
Tara admits to WSBTV that the man didn't look like the warmest man in the world — she was almost embarrassed when her daughter first called him over — but when the man realized Norah was talking to him, his face lit up. Loading Facebook Post... 
She says they carried on a small conversation and it was “super adorable.” Yet, when they said goodbye and went their separate ways, Norah realized she missed out on the opportunity to take a photo with her new friend. 
Tara turned around and tracked down the older gentleman — who they learned was named Mr. Dan — one more time. Loading Facebook Post... 
When they thanked Mr. Dan for taking some time out of his day to talk with them, it brought tears to his eyes: 
“No, thank YOU. This has been the best day I've had in a long time,” Mr. Dan said. “You've made me so happy, Ms. Norah.” 
According to WSBTV , Mr. Dan had lost his wife in March and he had sunk into a bit of a depression. 
What Tara didn't know is that those few words and that quick photoshoot would blossom into one the most adorable and purist friendships. That friendship would help Mr. Dan find a reason to get a haircut and shave again. Now the adorable and “magical” duo has lunch dates:",0
11270,Putin congratulates Trump. Reset of US-Russian relations inevitable,"Putin congratulates Trump. Reset of US-Russian relations inevitable 09.11.2016 | Source: AP photo Russian President Vladimir Putin congratulated Republican Donald Trump on his victory in the US presidential election on Wednesday, 9 November. The Russian president has sent a telegram to Donald Trump, in which he wished him success as the head of state. Putin also set out a hope to take joint effort to take the Russian-American relations out from the crisis. According to the Russian president, building a constructive dialogue between Moscow and Washington meets the interests of not only the two countries, but also of the entire world community. ""It is important to act according to the principles of equality, mutual respect and taking account of each other's positions,"" Putin said. Earlier on Wednesday, adviser to the Russian President Sergei Glazyev announced the impending reset in relations between Russia and the USA as a result of Trump's victory in the election. ""The rest of US-Russian relations is inevitable,"" said Glazyev. ""The Americans objectively have two choices: either another world war or consent to a multipolar world. Clinton was a symbol of World War III, but Trump now has an opportunity to change this situation,"" he stressed. Pravda.Ru",0
11271,Inside Venezuela’s Crumbling Mental Hospitals - The New York Times,"The   psychiatric hospital here in Barquisimeto, Venezuela, has long been a forgotten place, filled with forgotten people. But with Venezuela suffering from a severe economic crisis, this mental institution has almost no drugs to control the afflictions tormenting its patients. At the invitation of doctors, reporters from The New York Times visited six psychiatric wards across the country. All reported shortages of medicine, even food. The one here, El Pampero Hospital, hasn’t employed a psychiatrist in two years. It has running water for only a few hours a day, and food is scarce. Omar Mendoza, pictured above, is one of many undernourished patients. He lost half his weight this summer and is down to about 75 pounds. The glue that keeps this hospital in order  —   the sedatives, tranquilizers and medications  —   is nearly all gone. In courtyards, women who are functional while medicated are now curled on the floor hallucinating, crying, screaming, rocking back and forth for hours. The doctors and nurses here are aghast at what is taking place, caught between anger and feelings of helplessness. The nursing staff debates daily: Who gets the few remaining pills? Who is the most unstable, or suffering the most? They reduce doses, doling out pills into small metal cups with the fluidity of Las Vegas casino dealers. El Pampero also suffers from shortages of basic   and cleaning supplies. There is no soap, no shampoo, no toothpaste, no toilet paper. Patients relieve themselves in the common areas and patio area, and clean themselves only with water. Nurses fear that patients in the men’s ward are more likely to become violent when they are unmedicated. Two of the men in this photograph murdered members of their families before their schizophrenia was diagnosed. One decapitated his mother, and the other stabbed his stepfather. We found Cleofila Carillo crying softly under a mosquito net. The morning before, her unmedicated bunkmate had leapt on top of her, beaten her, bitten off her nose and eaten it. Doctors said she needed full reconstructive surgery, but because of the shortages, they did not have the medical supplies to perform it. All they could do was apply a bandage. Without sedatives, nurses say, they must restrain patients or lock them in isolation cells to keep them from harming themselves. That is what happened to Raul Martínez, who was suffering a psychotic episode. A nurse tied him to a gurney. Patients eat three times a day, but there is never enough food from the government. Members of the hospital staff solicit donations during their time off. Medical records show that over half of the patients in the men’s ward are underweight. Clothes are also in short supply at the hospital. Many patients in the women’s ward wear only   and few have shoes. The clothing they do have is ill fitting and threadbare. Nurses fashion belts out of surgical gloves and pieces of rope to keep patients’ pants from sliding off their slight frames. Down the hall, Ms. Carillo’s attacker had been isolated and locked inside a small solitary confinement cell. She yelled at nurses when they asked why she had bitten off and swallowed her roommate’s nose. “It wasn’t me, I did not do it,” she repeated, claiming that she did not know what they were talking about. When Yusmar Torres had no medication to control her mood disorder and depression, she constructed a noose out of a bedsheet and threatened to commit suicide. The staff stripped her of her clothes for safety and put her in a solitary confinement cell, where she was left for days. There are few light moments in El Pampero, but every Friday morning, therapists put on salsa music and hold a dance for the 10 percent of patients who are stable enough to participate. Before the medicine shortages, the recreation center held weekly sewing, cooking and sculpture classes, even a farming program. One therapist said: “When patients have their medicines, they can do really complex crafts. Now they just do simple tasks. ” Mr. Martínez, who suffers from schizophrenia but has little medication, took a nap under his bed. He also suffers from depression. The head nurse, Evila García, fed a blind patient as a stray cat roamed the women’s ward dining hall. Several stray dogs and cats live in the hospital, and the dogs often sleep with patients in their beds. Nurses worry about parasites because the animals have not had their shots and have not been dewormed, but some patients find comfort in them. The Venezuelan government denies that its public hospitals are suffering from shortages, and has refused multiple offers of international medical aid. Josefina Zapata, a patient suffering from psychosis and epilepsy, was in solitary confinement. She was not violent, but the hospital staff did not have the anticonvulsants she needed. The staff regularly kept her locked in this cell, on a mattress on the floor, so that when she started convulsing, she was less likely to hurt herself. The vast majority of patients living at El Pampero have been abandoned by their families and rely completely on the state to meet their basic needs. “May God have mercy on us,” the head nurse said.",0
11272,Only a Rumbling Volcano Could Make North Korea and the West Play Nice - The New York Times,"Today the volcano that straddles the border between China and North Korea is tranquil. Hot springs simmer on the surrounding peaks, wild blueberries grow on its green slopes and a   pool called Heaven Lake fills its crater. But Mount Paektu, as the North Koreans call it, is only asleep. When it last awoke about a thousand years ago, the   Millennium Eruption unleashed one of the most violent volcanic events in recorded human history. And when North Korean scientists recorded a swarm of tiny earthquakes rumbling beneath the volcano from 2002 to 2005, they were so concerned that the reclusive country eventually contacted the West for help. The result was a rare collaboration of scientists from North Korea and researchers from countries with which it has hostile relations. Officials in Pyongyang first reached out in 2011, and after two years of planning the project was set. In 2013, volcanologists from the United States and Britain met researchers in North Korea to investigate Mount Paektu and its magma plumbing. The effort has since yielded tantalizing insights into the slumbering giant that once blanketed the Korean Peninsula in an avalanche of ash. Mount Paektu is sacred to the North Korean people. They valorize it as the site where Kim Il Sung, the founding father of modern North Korea, used guerrilla tactics to fight the Japanese during World War II, and as the supposed birthplace of his son, Kim   who succeeded him as the country’s leader. North Koreans make pilgrimages to the mountain, and students march up its summit singing songs. It is an important fixture in their everyday lives, visible in their paintings and propaganda. Even kindergartners sing the song “Let’s Go to Mount Paektu. ” “That cultural significance explains part of the motivation for the scientists there to understand the volcano,” said Clive Oppenheimer, a volcanologist at the University of Cambridge who was part of the team. “They are concerned about the cultural impact that a future large eruption would have. ” That willingness to work helped the team collect vital information about the volcano’s inner workings. But the collaboration was not without its difficulties. “Typically as a geologist you want to walk around and explore, and you could imagine in North Korea that can be something of a challenge,” said James Hammond, a geophysicist at Birkbeck, University of London, who participated in the research. “You can’t just walk off and go wherever you want to. But with some communication and scientific argument, everything we wanted to do, we got. ” They communicated through translators who accompanied them throughout the trip. One challenge was the scientific gap between the two groups. Barred from attending conferences outside their country and denied access to most scientific literature, the North Koreans had been isolated from the last 20 years of debate in volcanology and geophysics. But they were eager to learn. (Efforts to contact the researchers from the Earthquake Administration and the State Academy of Science through North Korea’s permanent representative to the United Nations were not successful.) One of the questions that the team set out to answer was how much gas the Millennium Eruption sent into the sky, and whether the event affected the climate in the Northern Hemisphere. Large eruptions can release huge clouds of sulfur dioxide into the stratosphere. There, the sulfur gas transforms into a sulfate aerosol that reflects sunlight and cools the planet. The famous modern example was the 1815 eruption of Mount Tambora in Indonesia, which ejected so much volcanic dust and rock into the stratosphere it caused what is known as “the year without summer. ” Blizzards hit New York in June, and frost wreaked havoc on crops in New England in July. That eruption released an estimated 28 megatons of sulfur. When the sulfur falls back to the ground, it can get trapped and preserved in polar ice. Previous studies of ice cores from Greenland dated to A. D. 946, when the Millennium Eruption occurred, had low levels of sulfur, suggesting that the eruption emitted a small amount of gas and did not have strong effects on the climate. But the team thought the ice core estimates might have been low and wanted to test for sulfur traces within the white pumice that came from the actual eruption and was now scattered across the volcano. By analyzing the white pumice for geochemical clues, the team found that the Millennium Eruption actually emitted a large amount of sulfur into the atmosphere: an estimated 45 megatons. That is about 20 times what previous estimates had suggested, and about 1. 5 times what was emitted by Mount Tambora. “This eruption had much more gas than we thought it did in the past,” said Kayla Iacovino, a volcanologist at Arizona State University and lead author on the team’s most recent paper. “It had enough gas to place it as one of the largest   volcanoes in human history. ” With that information, Dr. Iacovino said that the gas from the Millennium Eruption had the potential to affect the climate. But that does not mean that it did. Several factors, like the mountain’s high latitude and the time of year it erupted, could also have influenced its climate effects. The team published its findings last month in the journal Science Advances.   Longpré, a volcanologist at Queens College in New York who was not involved in the research, said the paper “offers a fresh and improved view on this enigmatic volcanic event. ” He said that the authors’ estimates for sulfur emissions were most likely much closer to the true emissions from the Millennium Eruption than previous studies provided. But he added that the finding required further investigation. Dr. Iacovino said that the next step to forecasting any future eruptions would be continued monitoring. “We were able to make this collaboration supersuccessful in no small part thanks to the North Korean government,” she said. She hopes the results from their work with the North Koreans will lead to further research. “If we can understand the volcano’s history, what the volcano is capable of, only then can we start to make predictions of what it might do in the future. ”",0
11273,Two Horses Die During Preakness Undercard - The New York Times,"BALTIMORE  —   Ten years after the Kentucky Derby winner Barbaro sustained an eventually fatal injury in the Preakness Stakes, two horses died during the race’s undercard at Pimlico Race Course on Saturday, including a filly owned by Barbaro’s owners, Gretchen and Roy Jackson. Pramedya broke from the No. 8 hole in the day’s fourth race, just as Barbaro did when he won the Kentucky Derby by six and a half lengths in 2006. She broke through the gate before the start, just as Barbaro did in the Preakness, and had to be reloaded. She then stumbled while coming around the turn, and the jockey Daniel Centeno was thrown to the turf. Pimlico officials said Pramedya, a    filly, was euthanized on the track after breaking her left front cannon bone. Centeno was driven off in an ambulance, and officials said his right collarbone was broken. The race was won by Barbaro’s trainer, Michael Matz, with Truly Together. Sal Sinatra, the Maryland Jockey Club president and general manager, said the turf course had been inspected and looked fine. “It’s unfortunate, and then obviously, of course, with it being Barbaro’s connections, that makes it worse,” he said. In the day’s first race, the    gelding Homeboykris collapsed and died after finishing first and being photographed in the winner’s circle. Officials suspected a cardiovascular collapse, and he will be taken to the New Bolton Center in Pennsylvania for a necropsy. New Bolton, about 75 miles north of Baltimore, is where Barbaro had surgery on his right hind leg after stumbling at the start of the 2006 Preakness. Homeboykris, who won 14 races in 63 career starts, won the Champagne Stakes in 2009 and finished 16th in the Kentucky Derby in 2010.",0
11274,Archdiocese of Mexico City: Collaborators on Trump Wall ‘Traitors to their Country’,"In a powerfully worded editorial, the Catholic archdiocese of Mexico City has condemned all companies and individuals who would work on Donald Trump’s border wall, calling them “immoral” and “traitors to their country. ”[The unsigned editorial titled “Treason to the Homeland” appeared in Sunday’s edition of Desde la Fe, the weekly magazine of the Archdiocese of Mexico.  Pulling no punches, the   savages the U. S. President, calling him a “fanatic” who is intent on constructing a “monument to intimidation and silence, hatred and xenophobia. ” As harsh as its denunciation of Trump may be, however, the article is directed at Mexicans who are willing to work on the wall. What is regrettable, the piece states, is that “on this side of the border, Mexicans are ready to collaborate with a fanatical project that annihilates the good relationship and harmony of two nations that share a common border. ” The article states that in recent days, more than 500 Mexican companies have expressed interest in contracts to participate in “the construction of the wall of ignominy,” by providing cement, materials, lighting and paint. “With the fine justification of being companies that generate jobs, these companies seek to make a profit, regardless of the consequences, and consolidate their presence in the industry they exploit. ” For these companies, “the end justifies the means,” it reads. The result, the piece adds, is that the “investment of Mexican companies in the wall will end up nurturing all those forms of discrimination that throughout history have subjected millions of human beings. ” The   also takes issue with the Mexican government for its “lukewarmness” in dealing with Mexican businesses. In their   the piece continues, government officials fail to see that the wall is an “open threat” that violates social relations and peace and therefore has not taken legal action against these companies. In an interesting twist, the   states that “any deportation, when there is no proven crime and administrative failure justified according to law, is a sign of terror. ” It is entirely possible that the Archdiocese is unaware of Mexico’s own immigration policy and practices, which in most respects are stricter than those of the United States. Under Mexican law, illegal immigration is a felony. In Article 118, the General Law on Population states that foreigners entering the country without the required documentation will be fined the equivalent of “20 to 100 days of established minimum salary. ” Article 125 adds that along with the stated fine, foreigners without legal documentation will be deported from the country. According to the Pew Research Center, in 2015, the Mexican government “carried out about 150, 000 deportations of unauthorized immigrants from El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras. ” The Mexican Archdiocese states that the border wall is a monument “to silence the voices of poorly paid and   workers, unprotected families and abused persons. It is a retreat from the noblest longings of mankind, for which much blood has been shed. It is a prelude to the destruction of the values ​​of democracy and social rights. ” Moreover, the wall “represents the predominance of a country that considers itself good with the manifest destiny to crush a nationality that it has considered perverted and corrupt: the Mexican. ” The article concludes: “Any company that intends to invest in the wall of the fanatic Trump would be immoral, but above all, its shareholders and owners should be considered as traitors to their country. ” Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
11275,November 2: Daily Contrarian Reads,"November 2: Daily Contrarian Reads By David Stockman.   My daily contrarian reads for Wednesday, November 2nd, 2016.  ",0
11276,Shameful Obama Legacy: White Man Beaten Viciously For Voting Trump,"Home | World | Shameful Obama Legacy: White Man Beaten Viciously For Voting Trump Shameful Obama Legacy: White Man Beaten Viciously For Voting Trump By Doctor Zee 10/11/2016 22:42:48 
CALIFORNIA – USA – Racial tensions have increased tenfold since the Obama election in 2008, but it’s getting worse after Trump in 2016. 


All that Obama brought to America is hatred, vicious race divisions and unpunished violence committed by blacks. 
Here we see an unbridled example of this Obama legacy at work, where an elderly white man is set upon by a pack of African Americans, or in U.S. media terms ‘young people’ simply because the man voted for Donald Trump. 
Blow after blow are administered on this man’s head by cowardly creatures lower than animals, intent on brutally beating him down.",0
11277,What Is The True Mark Of The Beast?,"0 
Will nano technology RFID chips alter your DNA? 
Is the shadow government devising a plan to track people like cattle in the coming New World Order? 
Was all this foretold in biblical prophecy? 
Is the CIA brainwashing the public to accept a chip implant through subliminal commercials and propaganda? 
Are you a slave in the matrix? 
Is there a spiritual war taking place for your soul? Tags",0
11278,"‘Abandoned’ in New Jersey, Chris Christie Returns to a Changed Landscape - The New York Times","Chris Christie’s job approval is at a career low. Nearly   of New Jersey voters, and half his fellow Republicans, said in a recent poll that he should have been a defendant in the trial over the George Washington Bridge lane closings, in which two of his former aides were convicted last month. And in a stinging turnabout, Bill Stepien, the campaign manager whom Mr. Christie dismissed in the   Bridgegate scandal, is expected to become Donald J. Trump’s White House political director, while Mr. Christie was fired as transition chief and shut out of jobs in Mr. Trump’s administration, despite having been one of his earliest   supporters. Welcome home, Governor. “Governor Christie has been abandoned by virtually everyone,” Krista Jenkins, director of the Fairleigh Dickinson University PublicMind Poll, said when the findings showing his approval rating at 18 percent were released this month. Once considered the Republican Party’s best hope to win the White House, Mr. Christie has endured months of humiliation after he dropped out of the presidential race and endorsed Mr. Trump  —   who mocked him as they campaigned together for eating too many Oreos, and passed him over as the   nominee. Now, Mr. Christie has returned to New Jersey a lame duck in his last year to discover voters angry over his absences and a Legislature suddenly unwilling to go along with his agenda. “If he was at one time a bipartisan figure who was able to unite both sides of the aisle and even draw union support, that’s completely evaporated,” Ms. Jenkins said in an interview. “It’s hard to find anyone in recent memory who is in such disfavor. ’’ Mr. Christie still believes he has a political future nationally. He wants to write a book and his friends have been telling people in New Jersey that the governor expects Mr. Trump to eventually come around to him. According to their scenario, the White House management team of Jared Kushner, Stephen K. Bannon and Reince Priebus will be a disaster and Mr. Christie will be tapped as the skilled manager, like David Gergen, the former aide to Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan who swooped in to steady Bill Clinton’s administration after a raucous first year. Mr. Christie’s popularity in his home state, stratospheric after his handling of Hurricane Sandy, began to fall with Bridgegate, but sank even lower as he spent so much time out of the state, first leading the Republican Governors Association, then running for president. By the time he abandoned his own run and endorsed Mr. Trump, his constituents had come to believe he would do just about anything to escape New Jersey. He has left them with 10 credit downgrades, more than any other governor nationwide. And as if the state’s finances were not bad enough, Mr. Christie has spent at least $10 million of taxpayer money to defend himself in the bridge scandal, and most New Jersey voters say they do not believe he has told the truth about his involvement. His waning popularity now means waning power, as he discovered last week in a surprise legislative defeat. The governor and the Democratic leaders of the State Legislature were rushing through a hastily written bill that would have relaxed ethics laws to allow Mr. Christie to profit from sales of a book and given raises to hundreds of public officials. And, in what the governor’s critics called his “revenge bill,” the same package of legislation would have eliminated a requirement that local governments pay to publish legal notices in newspapers  —   punishing an industry that relentlessly chronicled the bridge scandal. It was the kind of deal that would have breezed through even a year ago, when Mr. Christie wielded so much control that Republicans reversed their own votes to block overrides of his vetoes. This time, his own lieutenant governor, Kim Guadagno, who, along with her husband, a judge, was in line for a raise, called the legislation “ridiculous. ” On Twitter, #ChristieBookTitles trended, with suggestions including “A Bridge to Nowhere,” “The Very Hungry Governor” and “Oh, the Places You Won’t Go!” With the public flooding their offices with angry phone calls, Republicans who have stood by Mr. Christie began running away from him. “That’s not my bill,” said Jon M. Bramnick, the Republican leader of the State Assembly and one of the governor’s most steadfast supporters. And Democratic leaders, who had helped Mr. Christie secure victories on public employee benefits that made him a national figure in his first term, reversed themselves and yanked the bills without putting them up for a vote. “He thought he could do what he’s done in the past  —   get Democratic leadership on his side and use that to push through whatever he wanted,” Jeff Tittel, the director of the New Jersey chapter of the Sierra Club and a frequent Christie critic, said, calling it “the biggest blunder since he’s been governor. ” “I haven’t seen as much public outrage since Florio wanted to tax toilet paper,” Mr. Tittel said, referring to former New Jersey Gov. Jim Florio’s imposition of a tax on paper products in 1990. (Mr. Florio, a Democrat, and Mr. Christie are now tied for the   job approval, at 18 percent Gov. Brendan Byrne, another Democrat, hit 17 percent, the record low for New Jersey governors, in 1977, but was  . Now, at 92, he is generally beloved.) State Senator Jennifer Beck, a Republican, said that after Mr. Christie’s absences there was “an expectation that now that he’s back, he’s going to grapple with the major issues in this state. ” Those would include high property taxes, the nation’s highest foreclosure rate and its most underfunded pension system. When he and the Democratic leaders rushed to pass measures for raises  —   estimated at $10 million a year  —   and to allow him to profit from writing a book, they showed they were out of touch with the public, she said, “kind of like having a tin ear. ” Ms. Beck said she expected that the governor’s unpopularity would mean more Republicans distancing themselves from him. “When the citizenry are behind you, it’s much harder to challenge,” Ms. Beck said. “When the people aren’t with you, it’s easier. ” Mr. Christie said in a speech last month that he intended to leave the same way he came in: “loudly. ” And on his monthly   radio show last week, he blamed “the haters,” who made it “personal, about me,” for the legislative defeat. “That’s O. K. that’s fine,” he said. “They get to do what they want to do. ” He insisted he would continue pushing the bill involving the newspapers, though his remarks suggested he was counting down his time. “I have 391 days,” he said, “and I’m not going to get off this issue. ” His office declined to comment on what else the governor might focus on during his last year in office, saying he would reveal his plans in his State of the State speech next month. In recent weeks, most of Mr. Christie’s public events have been around the issue of recovery from drug addiction, which he has long spoken about as a personal cause following the death of a close friend. He has also announced plans to renovate the State House, which again raised eyebrows, given that it is expected to cost $300 million at a time when the state has severe debt. Renovations would also force Mr. Christie’s successor, widely expected to be a Democrat, into rented office space rather than the official quarters for at least four years. Mr. Christie has not taken questions from reporters in more than 100 days. He has spent several mornings guest hosting a New York sports radio show, prompting speculation that he is auditioning for a more permanent role should the Trump administration not come knocking. And even his supporters said it would be hard for Mr. Christie to get much accomplished. “When you’re in the last year of a second term, it’s difficult,” Mr. Bramnick, the Republican Assembly leader, said. “Everyone’s looking to the future. ” Is the governor’s approval rating as low as it can go? Not quite, said Patrick Murray, the director of the Monmouth University Polling Institute, citing President François Hollande of France. “His approval rating is at 4 percent,’’ Mr. Murray said. “So that gives Christie something to shoot for. ”",0
11279,Polls Tighten: Trump Gains 2.7 Percent In Poll Average In Two Weeks,Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!,0
11280,Subscribe and Save on Amazon? Don’t Count on It - The New York Times,"WHAT do subscriptions to a newspaper, magazine or Netflix account have in common? Once you sign up, you expect to pay the same rate every month. Yet that’s not the case at Amazon when you subscribe to its Subscribe  Save program, which automatically refills orders for household staples like instant coffee, napkins or trash bags. Amazon’s subscription program, which was introduced in 2007, lets consumers register to have their favorite consumables delivered regularly  —   monthly, for example  —   in exchange for a discount of at least 5 percent off each order. Buried in the   company’s terms and conditions is that the Subscribe  Save discount is applied to the price of the item at the time that the order is placed. And on Amazon, prices change frequently  —   including sometimes rising. I learned this the hard way while reviewing an email summary of my Amazon subscriptions. A pack of lint rollers that I had subscribed to for more than two years recently jumped to $18. 04 a pack, up from $12. 44 since the last delivery a few months ago, or almost a 50 percent increase. A quick web search revealed other consumers were also surprised by price jumps for Subscribe  Save items. One Amazon customer said he signed up for a $10 box of chewing gum and was charged $100 for the same product a month later. In Amazon’s online forums, dozens of people posted about prices of Subscribe  Save items fluctuating, with some calling the program a “bait and switch” subscription scheme. Amazon declined to comment. The company emails people 10 days before a recurring subscription delivery, when it informs customers of a new price of their item so they can change or skip the order. Any sticker shock, analysts said, may be the result of Amazon’s complex pricing system coming into conflict with consumer expectations of a traditional subscription. Jared Wiesel, a partner at Revenue Analytics, a pricing and sales consulting firm, said of Amazon, “I think they’ve violated the psychological concept of a subscription with their customers in changing prices like this. When people think of a subscription, they think of locking in a set cadence of receiving a good. ” Amazon, the top online retailer in the United States, has not said how many customers use Subscribe  Save. Yet its program is prominent among a growing number of internet retailers that are finding success in   sales models, such as Dollar Shave Club, the subscription razor company that recently sold for $1 billion to Unilever, or the Honest Company, which lets parents subscribe to baby products like diapers and wipes. Amazon’s dynamic pricing system, in which it frequently adjusts item prices based on a sophisticated set of variables like supply and demand, time of day and prices offered by competitors, is the company’s way of making it look as if you are always getting the best deal, Mr. Wiesel said. Prices of goods can also fall, of course. But even when prices decline, people need to beware because Amazon’s pricing tends to fluctuate more widely and more frequently than at your local grocery store or Walmart, Mr. Wiesel added. In traditional retail, the major price changes typically happen during promotions, he said. To get a preliminary view into whether people can save  —   or not  —   with Amazon’s program, I plugged prices of 50 featured Subscribe  Save items into a spreadsheet and looked at their price histories over the previous six months. I compiled the results with the web tool Camel Camel Camel, an Amazon price tracker. Prices of most items, including dishwasher soap and toilet bowl cleaner, changed frequently. As often as weekly, prices rose, dipped and rose again like a roller coaster. In extreme cases, prices for items like instant coffee and napkins jumped between 90 and 170 percent. (Prices below reflect subscription discounts.) • Folgers Coffee, 30.  Tub In June: $6. 64 In August: $12. 50 This week: $7. 59 • Vanity Fair Napkins In May: $7. 94 In June and July: $21. 46 This week: $15. 36 ______ Only five of the Subscribe  Save items held steady. • Sparkle Paper Towels Over six months: $25. 99 • Death Wish Coffee Over six months: $19. 99 After the service’s 5 percent discount, the paper towels cost $24. 69 and the coffee cost $18. 99. Not bad. ______ In the end, whether you save money depends on when your subscription order is placed and what items you buy. The downside of buying through Amazon’s subscription program is the lack of predictability, Mr. Wiesel said. “I’ve never seen this type of price fluctuation in a    store,” he added. Some highlights over the last six months (with subscription discounts applied): • GermGuardian Air Purifier Replacement Filter Low: $18. 06 High: $33. 24 • Honeywell Humidifier Replacement Filter Low: $4. 67 High: $11. 27 • Lysol Disinfecting Wipes ( ) Low: $8. 95 High: $17. 91 ______ Mr. Wiesel noted that it would be tough for Amazon to revise its subscription program to offer items at fixed rates. A majority of sales on Amazon are   purchases, and dynamic pricing is fundamental to how the company operates. If, for example, Subscribe  Save prices remained static, those customers could miss out when prices go down for   purchases of the same products. If you truly want to save money on Amazon, one approach is to sign up for price alerts on Camel Camel Camel to get an email when a price drops to a desired amount. When that happens, manually reorder  —   yes, that’s an extra step  —   your instant coffee, toilet cleaner or lint rollers. Sucharita   an analyst for Forrester Research who follows Amazon, said the retailer was probably pushing prices up to test how loyal customers are to products and how much more they are willing to pay for them. Yet the sharp price changes on Subscribe  Save items caught her by surprise. “It doesn’t seem as   as Amazon typically is,” she said. “That’s what’s unusual. ”",0
11281,"Martha’s Vineyard, Off-Season - The New York Times","“You live on Martha’s Vineyard year round?” It’s a question I’ve been asked many times since I moved here from New York some 20 years ago. Sometimes I sense envy behind the question, sometimes pity. Do I live in bucolic bliss? Have I found solace in nature, a simplified,   existence? Or perhaps my inquisitors imagine me in one of those paintings of a lonely lighthouse, furious waves breaching the rocks, while the lighthouse keeper stoically rides the storm. Or perhaps they see a marooned Tom Hanks with only a volleyball face for a friend. The choice to live   on an island seven miles off Cape Cod is an unconventional one. But of course, life here in the   has the routines we all juggle: Take the kids to school, walk the dog, shop for dinner. A musician by trade, I’ve managed to carve out a living on Martha’s Vineyard as a bandleader, and my wife runs an   dance program. Years ago, we purchased the Old Martha’s Vineyard   Dairy in Edgartown. “Heck of a wreck,” the ad read   years of neglect had left the rambling old farm building and its Ma ’n’   additions in disrepair: toppled chimney, leaky roof, caving walls, rotted windows. But we managed to renovate the property to include summer rental cottages and have raised two children here. People are sometimes surprised to learn that Martha’s Vineyard is approximately four times the size of Manhattan, with six towns and four distinct villages within them. Oak Bluffs, Edgartown and Vineyard Haven are referred to as “down island,” and Chilmark, West Tisbury and Aquinnah are “up island. ” The “up” and “down” do not refer to north and south but to the westerly   coordinates. (When whaling ships sailed the globe, heading “up,” in nautical terms, actually took you west.) Down island is more densely populated, and Edgartown, particularly, retains the flavor of the whaling industry, with its sea captains’ homes and bustling mercantile feel. Up island is more bucolic, with spectacular beaches, farms and wooded trails. Vineyard life follows a seasonal rhythm all its own. In summer, the   population of 15, 500 swells to 115, 000, creating a hectic pace. Only a quick wave was offered as I passed an old friend last August, his gesture conveying a familiar sentiment: Too busy to talk we’ll catch up in the fall when things settle down. The Steamship Authority’s ferries unload a steady stream of cars brimming with white coolers and colorful beach supplies. Traffic on the   roads slows to a crawl. Fall is the prize the thick, hazy air of summer is gone, yet it is still warm enough for a swim well into October. The summer crowds  —   presidential guests, Hollywood stars and their entourages, seasonal residents and vacationers  —   have mostly vanished. The pace slows gracefully. Locked gates to private beaches swing open, restaurants like Offshore Ale, Martha’s Vineyard Chowder Company and the Wharf Pub fill with locals. Ample time to linger now for a chat. Winter dulls the landscape as green meadows turn beige and amber, and the ubiquitous twisted scrub oaks, leafless, appear stark and naked, hunched over like weathered old witches clutching broomstick and cane. Edgartown’s overflowing flower boxes are empty, cedar beach houses shuttered. The ferry is our lifeline to the mainland, to goods, supplies, mail, just about everything.   it runs from 6 a. m. till 8:30 p. m. 9:45 on weekends. But when the winds kick up past 50 miles per hour, the ferries shut down. News of canceled boats quickly disseminates at coffee shops and checkout lines. Bar talk of a pending storm prompts the question: “Think they’ll be canceling boats tomorrow?” There are few cocktail parties and no beach cookouts in winter, but plenty of potluck dinners with friends and neighbors, many of them teachers, police officers, artists, writers, musicians, restaurant workers and tradespeople fueled by the   cycle of build, renovate, paint and restore. Commercial fishermen still ply the waters for lobster, bay scallops, conch and fin fish. However, their numbers have dwindled because of diminishing fish stocks, regulatory issues and the rising cost of living on the island, which is about 70 percent above the national average, according to a study  by the Martha’s Vineyard Commission. Roughly 20 percent of the   population is Brazilian immigrants. Portuguese is, in fact, a second language on the island. Each year as the season comes to an end I keep a close eye on the weather, watchful for a fair day to haul my boat out of the water. One early December morning, the sun created a crisp, presolstice light blues were a bit bluer, and what greenery remained seemed greener. It had been such a mild fall that I’d left the boat in the water longer than usual, but winter was approaching, and I knew that hauling even my   and its   mooring and chain would only become harder. From Edgartown I steered my pickup toward Oak Bluffs via Beach Road, empty boat trailer in tow, my golden retriever, Bella, riding shotgun. Beach Road is a narrow,    strip across the dunes. State Beach was on my right, the   tidal pond named Sengekontacket on my left. (The Wampanoag name means “at the bursting forth of the tidal stream. ”) The Beach Road and its two bridges deliver a different view from day to day, hour to hour. In summer, the bridge’s rail is lined with bathers poised for a   jump into the channel between tidal pond and sea. In the fall, fishermen cast in the moving waters of the channel below for striped bass or bluefish others rake for clams in the adjacent shallow pond. In the heart of the winter, the   sea is gray, sluggish waves too heavy to crest, whitecaps crashing against the pilings and jetties. The first stop that December morning was Mocha Mott’s coffee shop in Oak Bluffs. The former owner, Mott Hinckley, arrived in 1994 and opened this premium coffee shop, determined to operate it 365 days a year. A second shop soon opened in Vineyard Haven. Holiday lights were strung around chalkboard menus offering soups, sandwiches and breakfast items, and the heart pine floor cast a warm glow. No Starbucks to compete with here. In fact, you won’t find many chain stores islanders have successfully fought them off. McDonald’s tried to brandish its golden arches back in 1978, but that Goliath was chased away. While many shops, restaurants and bars are closed for the winter, a few remain open. Other winter breakfast spots are Linda Jean’s in Oak Bluffs (classic eggs, toast and home fries) and the venerable Black Dog Tavern, whose tables face Vineyard Haven Harbor, where one can watch for the ferry. Night life, too, is an   option. In the winter live music, from jazz to blues to   to a weekend dance band play on at the Newes From America pub in Edgartown and, in Oak Bluffs, Park Corner, Offshore Ale Company, and most notably the Ritz Cafe, with live music five nights a week. Coffee in its holder, I headed up island toward Chilmark, on   Tisbury Road. On the right was the state forest and its wooded bike path. (An extensive bike path now covers most of the island.) At the triangle at the end of the road, I took a left and drove past Alley’s General Store, where you’ll find a bit of everything, from snacks and hardware to novelty items like emergency underpants in a can and   racecars. Beyond Alley’s, I took a right on Music Street, then a left onto Middle Road, where I twisted and turned under the gnarled tree canopy that filtered the crisp winter light. There is a farm stand on that road with amazing cheese, bread and yogurt drinks. A tin can acts as cash register the honor system prevails here.   of the way down Middle Road I slowed to take in a breathtaking view that hasn’t changed since I was a teenager: vivid green rolling hills stretching for miles, past a small pond then down to the south shore. It could be Ireland or Scotland. This   parcel known as Keith Farm has been preserved through the efforts of Vineyard Open Land Foundation. Other conservation groups are engaged in preservation, perhaps most notably the Martha’s Vineyard Land Bank, which has acquired more than 3, 000 acres. I continued past the Chilmark Store, closed for the winter, where locals and Hollywood’s best provision their August beach excursions. A mile up the road I backed my trailer down the ramp to Quitsa Pond’s town landing, where I’ve moored my boat for two decades. After a quick kayak trip to my boat’s mooring, I cranked the engine and was off, cruising through the meandering tidal ponds to Menemsha, where I would top off the boat’s gas tank. Menemsha, still an active fishing hamlet, has a New England coastal feel from days long past. One glance in the right direction and time warps back to the 1940s. Weatherworn   shacks, perched on the exposed strip of Dutcher’s Dock, house the gear and tackle of what remains of Menemsha’s   fishing fleet. Summer’s wooden sailboats and small yachts flee for warmer climates in the fall in winter, Menemsha is still home port to a dozen weathered lobster boats and a small fleet of draggers and scallop boats. I filled my tank at the gas dock, then navigated toward Quitsa Pond’s town landing, my final trip for the season. I hauled my boat with little fuss, and steered the truck back down island on South Road with a boat on my tail and lunch on my mind. Adjacent to Alley’s is a breakfast and lunch spot called 7a its name is derived from Martha’s Vineyard’s position on the Department of Agriculture’s plant hardiness zone map. The porch here is a social gathering spot, and I often sit down for lunch and end up having company. The Liz Lemon sandwich (named for Tina Fey’s character on “30 Rock”) is a Reubenesque fantasy in which pastrami, turkey, Swiss, coleslaw, Russian dressing and crumbled potato chips somehow fuse seamlessly between slices of toasted rye. I finished my lunch and headed back down island with the afternoon sun in my rearview mirror. I set my boat in its winter resting place next to an old twisted pear tree in our backyard, its bent branches a reminder of winter winds to come. I’ve become accustomed to the seasonal pace on Martha’s Vineyard. Though I can’t claim to have achieved bucolic bliss, I have enjoyed solace in nature. When winter storms rage, I am sometimes reminded of that stalwart light keeper, but in my 20 years here I’ve never felt marooned. Like the ebb and flow of the tidal ponds, my final cruise marks the flow from fall to winter. And winter’s low tide anticipates the flood tide of spring, with the promise of summer on its heels.",0
11282,No charges after new review of Hillary Clinton emails – FBI director,"39   Shoina is a village drowned up to the waist in sand. Its denizens are quite fatalistic about it, and their only means of protection is leaving their door open for the night, as they can never be sure if they can open it in the morning. The village of Shoina is situated beyond the Arctic Circle, 1,400 kilometers north of Moscow. This tiny settlement is known for its sands, which appeared here over 50 years ago and have been waging a relentless offensive against humans ever since, depriving them of living space. How did they appear, and where else in Russia can you find unusual places like this? Solve the mystery, on RTDoc. SUBSCRIBE TO RTD Channel to get documentaries firsthand! http://bit.ly/1MgFbVy FOLLOW US RTD WEBSITE: http://RTD.rt.com/ RTD ON TWITTER: http://twitter.com/RT_DOC RTD ON FACEBOOK: http://www.facebook.com/RTDocumentary RTD ON DAILYMOTION http://www.dailymotion.com/rt_doc RTD ON INSTAGRAM http://instagram.com/rt_documentary/ RTD LIVE http://rtd.rt.com/on-air/  ",0
11283,"Re: No Matter What Happens, We Won’t Know Who The Next President Will Be Until December 19th","Archives Michael On Television No Matter What Happens, We Won’t Know Who The Next President Will Be Until December 19th   8th, 2016 
Most Americans assume that their votes decide who the next president will be, but that is actually not the case. It is   that will elect the next president, and they don’t meet until December 19th. And the truth is that all of the members of   never meet in one place. Rather, electors gather together in all 50 state capitals on the second Wednesday in December, and it is at that time that the next president and vice president are officially elected. Of course members of   have voted according to the will of the people about 99 percent of the time throughout our history, but with how crazy this election has turned out to be you never know what might happen. For example, later on in this article you will see that one elector in Washington state has already publicly stated that he will not cast his vote for Hillary Clinton. If other “faithless electors” emerge, that could potentially change the entire   
If you are not familiar with the basics of how   works, here is a pretty good summary from Wikipedia … 
Even though the aggregate national popular vote is calculated by state officials, media organizations, and the Federal Election Commission , the people only indirectly elect the president, as the national popular vote is not the basis for electing the president or vice president. The President and Vice President of the United States are elected by  , which consists of 538 presidential electors from the fifty states and Washington, D.C. . Presidential electors are selected on a state-by-state basis, as determined by the laws of each state. Since the election of 1824 , [35] most states have appointed their electors on a winner-take-all basis, based on the statewide popular vote on Election Day . Maine and Nebraska are the only two current exceptions, as both states use the congressional district method. Although ballots list the names of the presidential and vice presidential candidates (who run on a ticket ), voters actually choose electors when they vote for president and vice president. These presidential electors in turn cast electoral votes for those two offices. Electors usually pledge to vote for their party’s nominee, but some “ faithless electors ” have voted for other candidates. 
A candidate must receive an absolute majority of electoral votes (currently 270) to win the presidency or the vice presidency. If no candidate receives a majority in the election for president or vice president, that election is determined via a contingency procedure established by the Twelfth Amendment . In such a situation, the House chooses one of the top three presidential electoral vote-winners as the president, while the Senate chooses one of the top two vice presidential electoral vote-winners as vice president. 
In an attempt to make sure that their electors vote according to the will of the people, 29 states have passed laws that impose penalties on “faithless electors”. In many cases the punishment consists of a fine, but that may not be enough to keep some electors in line this time around. According to ABC News , one elector that was supposed to be committed to Hillary Clinton has already announced that he is refusing to vote for her despite the fact that he will get hit by a $1,000 fine… 
One elector has already said he won’t vote for Clinton, despite a fine. Robert Satiacum, a member of Washington’s Puyallup Tribe, says he believes Clinton is a “criminal” who doesn’t care enough about American Indians and “she’s done nothing but flip back and forth.” 
Satiacum faces a $1,000 fine in Washington if he doesn’t vote for Clinton, but he said he doesn’t care. 
“She will not get my vote, period,” he told The Associated Press. 
And there are 21 states that do not impose penalties on “faithless electors” at all. 
So while it is true that over 99 percent of all Electors throughout our history have voted the way that they were supposed to, that may not happen in 2016. 
There is also the possibility that the winning candidate could die or become incapacitated between Election Day and December 19th. If that happens, the electors that are supposed to be committed to the winning candidate would be free to vote for someone else.   archives.gov … 
If a candidate dies or becomes incapacitated between the general election and the meeting of electors, under federal law, the electors pledged to the deceased candidate may vote for the candidate of their choice at the meeting of electors. Individual states may pass laws on the subject, but no federal law proscribes how electors must vote when a candidate dies or becomes incapacitated. In 1872, when Horace Greeley passed away between election day and the meeting of electors, the electors who were slated to vote for Greeley voted for various candidates, including Greeley. The votes cast for Greeley were not counted due to a House resolution passed regarding the matter. See the full Electoral College vote counts for President and Vice President in the 1872 election. 
As to a candidate who dies or becomes incapacitated between the meeting of electors and the counting of electoral votes in Congress, the Constitution is silent on whether this candidate meets the definition of “President elect” or “Vice President elect.” If the candidate with a majority of the electoral votes is considered “President elect,” even before the counting of electoral votes in Congress, Section 3 of the 20th Amendment applies. Section 3 of the 20th Amendment states that the Vice President elect will become President if the President elect dies or becomes incapacitated. 
If a winning Presidential candidate dies or becomes incapacitated between the counting of electoral votes in Congress and the inauguration, the Vice President elect will become President, according to Section 3 of the 20th Amendment . 
Our Constitution really should be amended to deal with a situation where a winning candidate dies between Election Day and   vote, but up until now that has not happened. 
So the cold, hard reality of the matter is that we will enter a period of great uncertainty between November 8th and December 19th. Even though the American people will have spoken, we will not have a “President-elect” yet, and if something happens to the winning candidate that could throw us into an unprecedented constitutional crisis. 
And of course if the election results are very tight and a few “faithless electors” throw the election in the opposite direction on December 19th, that could create an enormous constitutional crisis as well. 
Following the vote of   on December 19th, a joint session of Congress takes place on January 6th of the following year to formally declare the winner … 
The Twelfth Amendment mandates that the Congress assemble in joint session to count the electoral votes and declare the winners of the election. [53] The session is ordinarily required to take place on January 6 in the calendar year immediately following the meetings of the presidential electors. [54] Since the Twentieth Amendment , the newly elected House declares the winner of the election; all elections before 1936 were determined by the outgoing House. 
Two weeks later, the winning candidate will be inaugurated on January 20th, and at that point the next president will begin to serve. 
It would be a whole lot simpler and more rational to just allow the American people to directly elect the president, and it would probably take a major crisis in order to get the kind of constitutional amendment that is needed to do that. 
But for now the system is what it is, and that means that the election is not over until it is over. 
So November 8th is definitely not the end of the story, and the craziest chapters of this election season may still be yet to come.",0
11284,TRUMP SUPPORTER GOT NUTS On MSNBC Reporter Covering Anti-Trump Rioters [Video],Go to Article A Trump supporter wearing a Trump/Pence t-shirt let it fly on a reporter from MSNBC because of his one sided reporting and the demonizing of Trump. This is one brave woman! New Yorkers have had enough of the protests and violence! … @calmsnbc is having an interesting day. pic.twitter.com/EMelMQamAU,0
11285,Carl G. Jung Attitude Types and the Sash of Solitude,"Carl G. Jung Attitude Types and the Sash of Solitude Nov 8, 2016 0 0 
Jung believed that our orientation to the world was a foundational aspect of our personality. Jung identified was the two opposite ways in which we adapt to, or orient ourselves to, the world. These are Jung’s attitudes of Extraversion and Introversion. Extraversion – Our energy moves toward the outer world of people, places and things; the world outside of us. Introversion – Our energy moves toward the inner world of thoughts and ideas; the world inside of us. Loneliness vs. Solitude 
As human beings, we are social creatures and, without others around us from birth, we would not even be able to stay alive in this world. Social space plays a crucial role in the development of our personality, as the direction of our development is determined by the expectations of other people and our desire to meet those expectations. That is how we become a part of a collective, social space called society, and society receives its special nature from the culture it represents. 
The book of our personal history is written in this social space, and our identity is built upon the foundation of our personal history. We are surrounded by other people, and their expectations and requirements are present in our mind when we are alone. Most people do not understand the difference between solitude and being lonely. The solitude is at the same time loneliness for us. 
The two words, however, mean two different situations. Solitude is the state of the mind, whereas solitude is the state of the Consciousness. 
In the isolated state of consciousness of Ego-dominated mind we do not like to be alone, when we are alone, we think we are lonely, we find it difficult to tolerate, we try to avoid it. How we do it, depends on our attitude types. Extraversion vs. Introversion 
Extroverted people focus primarily on social life. When we are alone, we seek friends, go to parties, because we like to share our pleasures and sorrows with others. 
Introverted people, on the other hand, tolerate loneliness much better, they like to be alone. They turn towards their internal world (thoughts and emotions). They are not alone, though, as other people are present in their mind in the form of their opinions and expectations. When they turn inward, they talk, argue with the opinions of others, and analyze the reactions of others. 
For an external observer, an introverted person might seem to be alone, but there is usually a whole little group in the head of the person. When an introverted person is alone, they try to find some activity to occupy themselves in order to avoid the unpleasant feelings that come with loneliness. They are capable of watching TV for hours, or use work as an escape route. The Gift of Solitude 
Why do people so desperately run away from loneliness, from being alone? 
Because we do not know ourselves, so we do not like being alone. When we are lonely, we must face the fact that our entire personality is pretence, and our whole identity is built upon false foundations. 
Even if these sentences are not formulated so specifically in our mind when we are on our own, the anxiety and depression overcoming us signify that there is something wrong with us. We feel lonely, so we escape so as to find shelter in the company of others or in our own thoughts from the negative emotions. 
We feel lonely because we are full of insistence. We insist on our personal identity, our own history, in which the main roles are always played by others. Solitude is a menace to the foundations of our identity. 
It is true that during our life we are often surrounded by other people, and we live our life as members of the society, but deep inside we remain separate, isolated individuals for the whole of our life. Very deep inside we are born alone, live alone and we die alone. Being alone like that is a state we interpret as solitude. 
Only the awakening of the Consciousness is capable of putting an end to that sense of solitude rooted in our original isolation. Only when we have experienced that Miracle, do we recognize that loneliness is our natural state, in which the independent, still all-penetrating Presence shines on. 
Read more articles from Frank M. Wanderer Vote Up Frank M. Wanderer PhD Frank M. Wanderer Ph.D is a professor of psychology, a consciousness researcher and writer. Frank is the author of the books "" The Revolution of Consciousness: De-conditioning the Programmed Mind "", "" Ego - Alertness - Consciousness: The Path to Your Spiritual Home "" and several books on consciousness . With a lifelong interest in the mystery of human existence, Frank’s work is to help others wake up from identification with our personal history and the illusory world of the forms and shapes, and to find our identity in what he calls “the Miracle”, the mystery of the Consciousness. You can also follow his blog HERE",0
11286,Palestinians Seek Putin Help to Block U.S. Embassy Move,"MOSCOW (AFP)  —   Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas has asked Russian President Vladimir Putin to help stop the United States moving its embassy to Jerusalem, a top Palestinian official said Friday. [Saeb Erekat said he had passed on the message from Abbas to Putin during a visit to Moscow during which he met Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov.  On Friday the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem used his sermon at the   Mosque compound to say the embassy move would represent an “assault” on Muslims across the globe. According to Mohammad Shtayyeh, a senior Palestinian official and Fatah central committee member, the Palestinian leadership has been informed by diplomatic contacts that Trump could call for the move in his inauguration speech on January 20. The Palestinians regard east Jerusalem as the capital of their future state, while Israel proclaims the entire city as its capital. The city’s status is one of the thorniest issues of the     conflict.",0
11287,Let’s Be Clear – A Vote For Warmonger Hillary Clinton Is A Vote For World War 3,"End Of The American Dream October 27, 2016 
If you want to see war without end, vote for Hillary Clinton. It is tremendously ironic that Hillary Clinton and the mainstream media have attempted to portray Donald Trump as “dangerous” and “temperamental”, because it is Clinton that actually has a long history of being emotionally unstable. 
She has a temper that is absolutely legendary, and she has been cussing out the men and women in her security detail for decades . Hillary Clinton played a key role in starting the civil war in Syria, thanks to her Libya is a post-apocalyptic wasteland today, and now she is picking a fight with the Russians before she has even won the election. Of all the candidates there were running for president this election cycle, there was nobody that was even close to as dangerous as Hillary Clinton, and if she wins the election I am fully convinced that World War 3 will begin before her time in the White House is over. 
Someone that shares this opinion with me is Donald Trump. According to Reuters , Trump recently stated that we are “going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton”… 
On Syria’s civil war, Trump said Clinton could drag the United States into a world war with a more aggressive posture toward resolving the conflict. 
Clinton has called for the establishment of a no-fly zone and “safe zones” on the ground to protect non-combatants. Some analysts fear that protecting those zones could bring the United States into direct conflict with Russian fighter jets. 
“What we should do is focus on ISIS. We should not be focusing on Syria,” said Trump as he dined on fried eggs and sausage at his Trump National Doral golf resort. “You’re going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton.” 
In order to have a no-fly zone in Syria, you would have to enforce it. 
And in order to enforce it, you would have to be willing to shoot at the Russians. 
According to National Intelligence Director James Clapper , that could have dire consequences… 
Russia could shoot down a U.S. aircraft if a no-fly zone were imposed over Syria, National Intelligence Director James Clapper said Tuesday. 
“I wouldn’t put it past them to shoot down an American aircraft if they felt that was threatening to their forces on the ground,” Clapper said, speaking with CBS’ Charlie Rose at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York about several national security issues. 
Of course Clapper is not alone in that assessment. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Joseph Francis Dunford, says that imposing a no-fly zone over all of Syria “would require us to go to war” … 
“Right now, Senator, for us to control all of the airspace in Syria it would require us to go to war, against Syria and Russia,… That’s a pretty fundamental decision that certainly I’m not going to make.” ( Senate Armed Services Committee, September 22, 2016, emphasis added) 
But Hillary Clinton is unwavering in her position that this is what she wants. 
You see, the truth is that Hillary Clinton wants to win the war that she started in Syria. Back in 2011, she spearheaded an effort along with Saudi Arabia and Turkey to try to use the Arab Spring uprisings in the Middle East as an opportunity to try to overthrow President Assad in Syria. If it wasn’t for her meddling, millions of refugees would not be pouring into Europe and elsewhere, and there would be no “humanitarian crisis” in Syria at all. 
Thanks to Russian intervention, the war in Syria is not too far from being over, but the Obama administration is desperate to keep it going. They understand that if Assad is victorious that all of their efforts for the last five years have been wasted, and that is why they are so determined to keep Aleppo from falling. Without Aleppo, many of the jihadist rebels that the Obama administration has been supporting won’t have anywhere to hide. 
So the Obama administration has actually been considering direct strikes against the Syrian military, and the Russians have already said that they will not allow this to happen . If Obama is insane enough to order airstrikes against Syrian forces and the Russians start shooting back, that could set off a chain of events that could rapidly spiral completely out of control. 
One recent survey found that current American leadership has a 1 percent approval rating in Russia right now, and the Russians dislike Hillary Clinton even more than they dislike Barack Obama. The Russians know that if Hillary Clinton is elected that it is quite likely that they will have to fight a war with us, and that is why they desperately want Donald Trump to win in November. You can see this outlook reflected in comments that Russian President Vladimir Putin recently made about the two candidates … 
“Mrs. Clinton has chosen to take up a very aggressive stance against our country, against Russia. Mr. Trump, on the other hand, calls for cooperation – at least when it comes to the international fight against terrorism,” Putin said. 
“Naturally we welcome those who would like to cooperate with us. And we consider it wrong, that we always have to be in conflict with one another, creating existential threats for each other and for the whole world,” Putin noted. 
Anyone that watched the three presidential debates could see that Hillary Clinton is absolutely seething with animosity for Russia. The thought of her finger on the nuclear trigger is almost too terrible to contemplate, but it may soon become a reality. 
And even now, the Obama administration and our NATO allies are shifting forces into position for a confrontation with Moscow. This week it is being reported that NATO troops will soon be sent to Poland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania … Nine hundred US troops are to be sent to eastern Europe next year as America’s troubled relationship with Russia enters new, uncertain territory. A US-led battle group of NATO allied soldiers will be sent to Poland as part of the multi-nation operation. British forces will lead one of the four battle groups in Estonia, Canada will spearhead the presence in Latvia and Germany will be present in Lithuania. 
In addition, Infowars is reporting that U.S. Marines will soon be stationed in Norway near the border with Russia… 
After accepting a Pentagon proposal, Norway will host US Marines at a base near the Russian border as Russia deploys nuclear-capable ships to Kaliningrad. 
A rotating force of approximately 330 Marines will be stationed at an airfield in the city of Vaernes, just outside Trondheim, beginning in January. Norway and Russia share an 122-mile border in the Arctic. 
“The US initiative to augment their training and exercises in Norway by locating a Marine Corps Rotational Force in Norway is highly welcome and will have positive implications for our already strong bilateral relationship,” said Norwegian Defense Minister Ine Eriksen Søreide. 
Most Americans aren’t aware of any of this, nor do they really care about our relationship with Russia. 
But in Russia things are completely different. The possibility of war with the United States is the biggest news story over there these days , and feverish preparations are being made for a potential nuclear confrontation … 
Russian authorities have stepped up nuclear-war survival measures amid a showdown with Washington, dusting off Soviet-era civil-defense plans and upgrading bomb shelters in the biggest cities. 
At the Kremlin’s Ministry of Emergency Situations, the Cold War is back. 
The country recently held its biggest civil defense drills since the collapse of the U.S.S.R., with what officials said were 40 million people rehearsing a response to chemical and nuclear threats. 
I know that I have been writing about this over and over , but the truth is that we are on a path to war with Russia, and the election of Hillary Clinton would greatly accelerate the march toward war. 
In my controversial new book , I expressed my belief that war with Russia is coming, but at the time that I wrote it I didn’t know how the election would turn out. 
At this point it looks like Clinton is very likely to win on November 8th, and that would be absolutely disastrous for our relationship with Russia. 
If you are reading this and you are considering voting for Hillary Clinton, please don’t do it . We simply cannot afford to have an emotionally unstable warmonger with a violent temper in the White House at this critical time. 
If the American people do choose Hillary Clinton this November, I believe that it will be a choice that they will bitterly, bitterly regret in future years. This article was posted: Thursday, October 27, 2016 at 6:01 am Share this article",0
11288,Monsanto Desperately Hoping to Hide New Food Safety Test Results,"Waking Times 
Mainstream media is completely silent on this story, so it is up to you to share the findings of this important research with everyone you know. 
New testing conducted by an FDA-registered food safety lab found alarming levels of the chemical glyphosate (known as Monsanto’s Roundup weed-killer) in several very common foods. This independent research reveals that many popular foods have over 1000 times the glyphosate levels that have been established to be harmful. 
“With the widespread increase in glyphosate use over the past 20 years and the fact that independent science has confirmed low level exposure to Roundup causes liver and kidney damage at only 0.05 ppb glyphosate equivalent, as reflected by changes in function of over 4000 genes, the American public should be concerned about glyphosate residues on their food. 
Additional research points to harmful impacts at levels between 10 ppb and 700 ppb. Considering these shocking new scientific test results, regulators must take the below findings into account during any reauthorization of glyphosate.” ~ Glyphosate: Unsafe on Any Plate 
Below are two images that show food testing results published by Food Democracy Now! and The Detox Project, which commissioned the research. 
Full laboratory reports for this food testing can be found here . A searchable database of results can be found here . 
It is no surprise that Monsanto does not want the public to know about these food safety test results. They pay-off mainstream media outlets and regulatory agencies, keeping the media silent when independent research such as this is published, so they can continue making billions from selling glyphosate. 
This new research is only supplement to numerous other independent studies that basically show that Monsanto is poisoning us with glyphosate and the government is doing nothing to stop it. Read: Dramatic Increase in Kidney Disease in the US and Abroad Linked To Roundup (Glyphosate) ‘Weedkiller’ ; and Glyphosate (Roundup) Carcinogenic In the Parts Per Trillion Range . 
It is up to each person who sees this story to share it and help others realize that Monsanto is poisoning our food.   Anna Hunt . About the Author 
Anna Hunt is co-owner   an online store offering GMO-free healthy storable food and emergency kits . She is also the staff writer for WakingTimes.com . Anna is a certified Hatha yoga instructor and founder of Atenas Yoga Center. She enjoys raising her children and being a voice for optimal human health and wellness. Visit her essential oils store here . Visit Offgrid Outpost on Facebook . Like Waking Times on Facebook . Follow Waking Times on Twitter . This article ( Monsanto Desperately Hoping to Hide New Food Safety Test Results   Anna Hunt   Disclaimer: This article is not intended to provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Views expressed here do not necessarily reflect those of WakingTimes or its staff. 
 ",0
11289,Wells Fargo Killing Sham Account Suits by Using Arbitration - The New York Times,"In congressional hearing rooms and on national television, Wells Fargo has vowed to make things right for the thousands of customers who were given sham accounts. The bank’s new chief executive, Timothy J. Sloan, in his first week on the job, said his “immediate and highest priority is to restore trust in Wells Fargo. ” But in federal and state courtrooms across the country, Wells Fargo is taking a different tack. The bank has sought to kill lawsuits that its customers have filed over the creation of as many as two million sham accounts by moving the cases into private arbitration  —   a secretive legal process that often favors corporations. Lawyers for the bank’s customers say the legal motions are an attempt to limit the bank’s accountability for the widespread fraud and deny its customers their day in open court. Under intense pressure to meet sales goals, Wells employees used customers’ personal information to create unauthorized banking and credit card accounts in a   scandal that has rattled the San Francisco bank to its core, forcing the retirement of its longtime leader, John G. Stumpf, and enraging regulators and politicians of all stripes. The bank’s arbitration push in recent weeks is fanning those flames anew. “It is ridiculous,” said Jennifer Zeleny, who is suing Wells Fargo in federal court in Utah, along with about 80 other customers, over unauthorized accounts. “This is an issue of identity theft  —   my identity was used so employees could meet sales goals. This is something that needs to be litigated in a public forum. ” In arbitration, consumers often find the odds are stacked against them. The arbitration clauses prevent consumers from banding together to file a lawsuit as a class, forcing them instead to hash out their disputes one by one and blunting one of most powerful tools that Americans have in challenging harmful and deceitful practices by big companies. Strict judicial rules limiting conflicts of interest also do not apply in arbitration, enabling some companies to steer cases to friendly arbitrators, according to a 2015 investigation by The New York Times. Arbitration is also conducted outside public view, and the decisions are nearly impossible to overturn. Ms. Zeleny, a lawyer who lives outside Salt Lake City and opened a Wells Fargo account when she started a new law practice, said it would be impossible for her to agree to arbitrate her dispute over an account that she had never signed up for in the first place. The bank’s counterargument: The arbitration clauses included in the legitimate contracts customers signed to open bank accounts also cover disputes related to the false ones set up in their names. Some judges have agreed with this argument, but some lawmakers and others consider it outrageous. “Wells Fargo’s customers never intended to sign away their right to fight back against fraud and deceit,” said Senator Sherrod Brown, an Ohio Democrat, who introduced a bill last week that would prevent Wells from forcing arbitration in the sham account cases. Yet even as the bank reels in the court of public opinion, Wells Fargo has been winning its legal battles to kill off lawsuits. Judges have ruled that Wells Fargo customers must go to arbitration over the fraudulent accounts. In dismissing one large case seeking   status in California, a federal judge ruled last year that it was not “wholly groundless” that customers could be forced to arbitrate over accounts they had never agreed to. That case is now being settled, according to legal filings. In a statement, Wells Fargo said it was working with customers to reimburse any improper fees. If the issues are still not resolved, the bank offers free mediation services. Arbitration, the bank said, is a “last resort. ” “We want to make sure that no Wells Fargo customer loses a single penny because of these issues,” the statement said. Although the extent of the scandal became known only in September, some fraudulent acts may have started a decade or more ago. And Wells Fargo has been moving disputes about unauthorized accounts into arbitration for years, which lawyers say may have helped keep the problems from bursting into public view sooner. In 2013, David E. Douglas, a Wells Fargo customer in Los Angeles, filed a lawsuit claiming that several bank employees had forged his signature and opened many sham accounts in his name to meet sales quotas. The actions he described in his complaint are precisely the kinds of illegal acts the company acknowledged this year, when it paid $185 million to settle cases brought by federal regulators and the Los Angeles city attorney. But Mr. Douglas’s testimony never reached a courtroom. A judge granted Wells Fargo’s request to move the case to arbitration, whisking it out of public view. Wells Fargo’s legal success shows the overwhelming power that arbitration clauses have in shaping disputes between everyday Americans and huge corporations. Since a pair of Supreme Court rulings in 2011 and 2013 allowed for the widespread use of arbitration, companies have had great success enforcing these clauses. Proponents of arbitration say the process is a more efficient way to settle disputes than   lawsuits that end up mostly enriching plaintiffs’ lawyers. “By resolving legal disputes through arbitration, both the consumer and the business have the ability to reach a positive resolution at a lower cost,” Wells Fargo said in its statement. Arbitrators are typically lawyers or retired judges who are paid large fees to conduct hearings. The arbitrators, critics say, have an economic interest in siding with the companies, which bring them multiple cases, while individual consumers are likely to appear before them only once. At the moment, regulators can do little to prevent a bank customer from being forced into arbitration. Most Americans never bother to take their disputes to arbitration, particularly for a dispute over a small amount of money, the  Times investigation showed. And that is likely to be the case for many of the Wells Fargo customers who are sent into arbitration, lawyers say. In many instances, the fees that customers were charged on the unauthorized accounts were less than $100. Few lawyers will take up individual arbitration claims when the potential damages are low. “This is meant to have a chilling effect,” said Zane Christensen, a lawyer who represented customers in a suit against Wells Fargo in federal court in Utah. “They know customers will have a hard time finding a lawyer to represent them in arbitration. ” But those damages could cost the bank a fortune if multiplied over potentially thousands of customers in a   lawsuit. This is not the first time Wells Fargo has been accused of trying to use arbitration to its advantage. In June 2009, Wells was one of about 30 banks that were sued over overdraft policies designed to maximize the fees charged to customers. Wells first decided to fight the lawsuit in Federal District Court in Miami. Typically, once a bank decides to litigate a case in court, it gives up its right to go to arbitration. But after more than a year in court, Wells argued that it still had the right to arbitrate the overdraft dispute. The vast majority of the banks have resolved their parts of the overdraft case, agreeing to pay, in total, more than $1. 2 billion to affected customers. Wells, meanwhile, has filed several appeals. “Wells Fargo keeps trying to push this down the road,” said Robert Gilbert, a Miami lawyer representing bank customers in the overdraft case. Members of the Senate Banking Committee sent Wells Fargo a list of detailed questions about its arbitration history over the last nine years, including how many cases were decided in the bank’s favor. The company did not provide any specifics in its response. In the wake of the scandal, under heavy pressure from lawmakers, the bank made changes that included formally separating its chairman and chief executive roles. (Mr. Stumpf had held both.) On Thursday, the bank’s board formally approved the separation of these roles  —   and simultaneously gave a huge raise to the new chairman, Stephen W. Sanger, who was named to the role in October. Mr. Sanger, a Wells Fargo board member since 2003 and a former head of General Mills, will see his annual retainer bumped to $250, 000 from $60, 000. Ana Bárbara, a Mexican music star who lives in Los Angeles, sued Wells Fargo in June, saying a bank employee had created sham accounts and credit lines in her name and taken out more than $400, 000 of her money. To cover his tracks, the employee regularly stopped by Ms. Bárbara’s house and stole Wells Fargo statements from her mailbox, according to her lawsuit. Devin McRae, Ms. Bárbara’s lawyer, said he would have preferred to try the case in court, where it would generate a trail of public records. But the case was moved into arbitration in September. “I think it’s a major problem when you have a bank that is so large, doing the things that Wells Fargo did on a systematic basis, to be able to keep that under wraps,” Mr. McRae said.",0
11290,"A Creamy, Sweet Tribute to Summer - The New York Times","Disclaimer right off the bat: This is not, nor does it claim to be, an authentic   cassata. It’s not my grandmother’s   recipe. The classic Sicilian cassata is a spongecake layered with creamy sweetened ricotta, a heavenly combination. Elaborately decorated with colorful candied fruits, wrapped in marzipan, true cassata is a sight to behold. My simple summery version is covered with ripe red strawberries, but any fresh summer berries would be welcome, or slices of nectarine, peach or mango. The unswerving requirements for this cassata are a good spongecake and the best ricotta available. Look for the absolute freshest, tastiest ricotta most good cheese stores or Italian delis can supply it. It must be moist, with no sourness. A spoonful should feel creamy on the tongue, not grainy. It’s worth tasting several kinds to see the broad range of ricotta types. Lightly sweetened and whisked to smoothness, this ricotta filling is spread over the cake layers as if it were frosting. Though   can sometimes have strict rules, there’s a fair amount of leeway here. If you like lemon, you can increase the amount of lemon zest in the cake, for instance, or add a little to the filling. You may play around with the syrup, replacing grappa with light rum, or you may use limoncello instead, or a honey syrup or orange liqueur. And you may decrease the sweetness of the cake or filling, if desired, without compromising flavor. Ideally, the spongecake should be made a day ahead, so it is easily sliced into thin layers. And then the cassata should be assembled at least several hours in advance to allow flavors to meld. Paint the cake layers with the lemon syrup, spread each layer with the ricotta cream, and give the cake an afternoon (or a day) in the fridge. Just before serving, pile the cake with ripe berries. You could toss them with a little sugar and lemon juice first, or just arrange them on the cake and dust them lightly with confectioners’ sugar. Though my cassata is rather rustic looking, it is somewhat fancier than shortcake or trifle, so it could be used as a summer birthday cake. But it’s really a celebration unto itself for lovers of summer fruit and good ricotta. Recipe: Strawberry Cassata | Easy Summer Desserts",0
11291,US War In Afghanistan Silently Slips Into The Abyss,"By Ulson Gunnar Despite the United States being engaged in what it calls “reconstruction” in Afghanistan, quarterly reports on their progress doing so reveals expanding... ",0
11292,New Mexico Science Teacher Goes ’Breaking Bad’ with Illegal Meth Business,"An   teacher stands accused of using his knowledge of science to launch an illegal methamphetamine manufacturing business, echoing the popular TV show, “Breaking Bad. ”[Las Cruces police arrested John W. Gose, 56, who once taught school in Las Cruces and El Paso, New Mexico, and charged him after a traffic stop with manufacturing the illegal drug .  Gose was found with lab equipment thought to be part of his   operations. Testing later revealed traces of meth. At his home, investigators later discovered traces of meth and other supplies and chemicals to produce the drug. The former teacher pleaded guilty before District Judge Fernando R. Macias in 3rd Judicial District Court in Las Cruces, according to the Doña Ana District Attorney’s Office. Gose spent almost nine years reaching in the El Paso Independent School District, resigning in 2008 to become a vocational teacher at Oñate High School in Las Cruces. After spending only one semester at Oñate High School, Gose took a job teaching   science at Camino Real Middle School where he worked until February of 2016. “That the defendant, in this case, chose to plead guilty to all of the charges is a testament to the strength of the investigation,” District Attorney Mark D’Antonio said in statement according to the Las Cruces  . “Thanks to the hard work of the Las Cruces Police Department, the New Mexico State Police and the prosecutors in this office, we are able to close the books on this case of life imitating art while saving the taxpayers of New Mexico the cost of a jury trial. ” The   teacher’s story mirrors the plot of the AMC series “Breaking Bad,” the story of   Walter White who turns to illegal drug production to make enough money for his family after he dies of cancer. While Mr. Gose doesn’t have cancer, his actions are otherwise similar to the series. Gose Pleaded guilty to four counts and will undergo a   evaluation period before sentencing. He could face a maximum of 20 and   years in prison. Parents at Camino Real Middle School were shocked by the court’s revelations. “I’m still trying to wrap my head around it. I mean, you don’t expect a teacher to have that kind of stuff in his car,” parent Misty Ward told Fox 14. “It’s just conflicting what us parents are trying to teach our children,” parent Eileen Lujan added. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
11293,Another Day Another U.S. Election,"Home | World | Another Day Another U.S. Election Another Day Another U.S. Election By Baffo Meat 08/11/2016 07:54:41 
WASHINGTON D.C. – USA – The nightmare is nearly over, the 2016 U.S. election will finally be laid to rest today when American voters vote in the first female president of the USA. 

Gladly we don’t live in the goldfish bowl of America where the constant news reportage has been beating down on the heads of Americans every second of the day with propaganda and ridiculous campaign advertising. One only has to look at the crowds of brainwashed citizens in stadiums waving their flags to see they are not all there, their eyes exhibit the same hypnotised ten thousand yard stare, their shrieks of support for whichever candidate a call to arms for other fellow lemmings to join their crusade. 
The decision for Hillary Clinton was set over a year ago, and the Daily Squib accurately predicted the final result. 
Again, we will be proven correct, and again, there will be no fanfare or acknowledgement for our accuracy, but that’s part of the game of being a maverick, separate from all the others, they’re doing the same old thing over and over again, we do not follow you, we are separate and unique. 
Dixville Notch, an eight vote for Clinton is the first as always, and so it shall go on, further results seeping in today and tomorrow. 
Let us all hope Trump crawls back under his rock after this and is never seen again. 
Remember folks, whoever wins a U.S. election does not matter — the same people operate behind the scenes irrespective of president, party or political doctrine. Share on :",0
11294,"Louisiana, U.S. Presidential Race, Ryan Lochte: Your Wednesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Floodwaters have begun to recede in Louisiana, where at least 13 people are dead, tens of thousands more have been displaced and 40, 000 homes are damaged. These photos and maps show the scale of the disaster. Emergency officials and ordinary citizens are going    to offer help, 1, 000 Red Cross workers joined aid efforts and shelters were packed. “The sheltering effort is actually greater than what we saw for Hurricane Katrina,” a local official near Baton Rouge said. _____ 2. Donald Trump shook up his campaign with moves that suggest he intends to stick with his aggressive style. He brought in a combative media executive as campaign manager: Stephen Bannon, from the conservative website Breitbart News. Paul Manafort, whose efforts to shift Mr. Trump to a more presidential tone were hobbled by concerns over his own business dealings in Ukraine, retains the title of campaign chairman. Mr. Trump also received his first classified briefing, at the F. B. I. ’s Manhattan field office and held his own national security roundtable, above, at Trump Tower. _____ 3. Hillary Clinton flew to Cleveland to offer a granular critique of Mr. Trump’s tax policies and promised to shift more of the tax burden upward. “We’re going to tax the wealthy who have made all of the income gains in the last 15 years,” she said. “The   corporations, Wall Street, they’re going to have to invest in education, in skills training, in infrastructure. ” Our election model currently gauges Mrs. Clinton’s likelihood of winning at 88 percent to Mr. Trump’s 12 percent. _____ 4. U. S. intelligence agencies are scrambling to determine if the National Security Agency was hacked, after   code used to break into foreign systems showed up on websites this week. Edward Snowden tweeted from exile in Moscow that Russia was a likely suspect, and that the disclosures might be intended to “influence the calculus of   wondering how sharply to respond to the DNC hacks. ” Here’s what we know about the cyberattacks on Democratic officials. _____ 5. At the Rio Olympics, the host country, Brazil, goes for a fourth gold tonight (11 p. m. Eastern, NBC) with the beach volleyball team above, pictured after beating the U. S. in the semifinal. The U. S. women’s water polo team advanced to the final after beating Hungary. Check out our interactive on just how brutal the sport can be. The Brazilian authorities found evidence contradicting parts of Ryan Lochte’s account of a gunpoint robbery and pulled two U. S. swimmers, Jack Conger and Gunnar Bentz, off their flights home. Mr. Lochte had already left the country. And several boxing referees and judges were barred from Olympic service a day after an Irish bantamweight, Michael Conlan, raged over losing a fight that he, and the crowd, thought he had won. _____ 6. France’s battle over the burkini swept in a top government official. Prime Minister Manuel Valls said the   swimsuit worn by Muslim women reflected the “enslavement of women. ” But Muslim women, reacting to bans by several mayors, have complained to community groups that they are being singled out, and their choice of swimwear is now a dividing line in France’s increasingly fraught relationship with its Muslim population, Europe’s largest. France, with its determinedly secular government, already bans   veils in public and headscarves in schools. _____ 7. A team of researchers at the University of Chicago cast light on one of the big puzzles in evolution. They found a surprising biological link between the fin and the human hand, in the form of genes that tell a clump of embryonic cells to end up at the far end of an appendage. “Honestly, you could have knocked me over with a feather,” one scientist said. _____ 8. A wildfire near San Bernardino, Calif. “hit hard, it hit fast, it hit with an intensity that we haven’t seen before,” the county fire chief said. High winds, high temperatures and low humidity in the state’s fifth year of drought drove the flames to flare from five acres to 30, 000 in less than 24 hours. Officials ordered the evacuation of about 82, 000 residents in an estimated 34, 500 homes. Experts say wildfires are getting bigger and more destructive. _____ 9. The latest headlines about “The Birth of a Nation,” the slavery revolt film due in 1, 500 theaters on Oct. 7, are not about its chances to prevent another #OscarsSoWhite debacle. Instead, the attention is on details of a    rape case involving Nate Parker, the film’s writer, director and star. Vitriol has poured out on social media, and in Los Angeles, promotional posters of Mr. Parker as Nat Turner were altered to read, “Rapist?” _____ 10. Michelangelo’s David is having joint trouble. More specifically, his    ankles have become riddled with cracks, leaving the masterpiece at risk of collapse in the eventuality of a serious earthquake  —   a real possibility in Florence. In one of our most popular stories today, our magazine writer, mulling over his long obsession with the statue and the concept of perfection, notes that Italy has stalled on the known solution: an antiseismic base. _____ 11. Finally, Americans, especially those avoiding gluten, are increasingly turning to ancient grains like quinoa, amaranth and millet. Now there’s a surge of interest in teff, a staple for Ethiopia’s legendary distance runners. It is high in protein and iron, has more calcium and vitamin C than almost any other grain and is rich in a beneficial form of starch. Try it in pancakes or as polenta. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
11295,"Steve King, Hurling Insults at Immigrants, Is Rebuked by His Own Party - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Long before Donald J. Trump took aim at immigrants, there was Representative Steve King of Iowa. Since Mr. King’s election to the House in 2002, and before that in the State Legislature, where he first tried out his   trademark talking point, Mr. King, a Republican, has injected himself into the immigration debate with inflammatory and at times boorish statements. Against the backdrop of an emboldened white nationalist movement in the United States, his Twitter post over the weekend  —   “We can’t restore our civilization with somebody else’s babies”  —   suggested that Mr. King was sliding from his typical messages to something far darker. It was praised by both the white supremacist David Duke and The Daily Stormer, a   website. But it was also quickly criticized by many Republicans, including Speaker Paul D. Ryan, whose office said he “clearly disagrees” with Mr. King, and Representative Carlos Curbelo, Republican of Florida, who is of Cuban descent. Mr. Curbelo responded on Twitter: “What exactly do you mean? Do I qualify as ‘somebody else’s baby? ’” The tweet, written to show support for Geert Wilders, a   Dutch parliamentarian who has called for shutting down mosques in the Netherlands, put Mr. King in a familiar position, as the subject of condemnation in his own party. “Now we’re in the Trump era, where anything goes,” said David Kochel, a Republican strategist from Iowa who helped lead Jeb Bush’s presidential campaign. “He’s always been consistent with these extreme views, but this articulation of   white nationalism is a few clicks past ‘cantaloupe calves,’ which was reprehensible to begin with. I don’t believe these views represent anything but the most extreme elements of the   fringe. ” While Mr. King has also left room for rape victims,   light bulbs, the District of Columbia and other topics in his incendiary outbursts on Twitter, television and the House floor, his most memorable droplets of disdain have been for unauthorized immigrants, most notably Mexicans who he once proclaimed had “calves the size of cantaloupes” from hauling drugs across the border. But except for the 2013 fruit analogy  —   which led John A. Boehner, the speaker at the time, to publicly chastise Mr. King and privately make a decidedly less nice   analogy about him to aides  —   Republicans have largely written off Mr. King as a fringe player in legitimate policy debates. “Remarks of this nature are always deplorable no matter the political climate in our country,” Mr. Curbelo said in an email. “One of the president’s recurring themes and messages is that all Americans bleed the same red blood despite our great diversity. Mr. King’s sentiment directly contradicts this idea. ” A spokeswoman for Mr. Ryan, who has been loath to dip into controversies stirred by Mr. Trump, said, “The speaker clearly disagrees and believes America’s long history of inclusiveness is one of its great strengths. ” In Iowa, the state’s Republican chairman, Jeff Kaufmann, said: “I do not agree with Congressman King’s statement. We are a nation of immigrants, and diversity is the strength of any nation and any community. ” Mr. Trump’s spokesman, Sean Spicer, claimed ignorance of the Twitter post on Monday Mr. King’s spokeswoman said he was too busy to be interviewed. Mr. King, 67, represents the most conservative corner of Iowa, and has long held policy positions rooted in deeply conservative beliefs, especially concerning immigration, which he once deemed a “  Holocaust. ” He has often said he was made aware of illegal immigration as a small child by his father, the onetime mayor of a small Iowa town who taught him to take a hard line. Mr. King dropped out of Northwest Missouri State University to run a construction contracting business, and ran for the State Senate in 1996 when he first cottoned to the idea of an   America, something he would push for legislatively throughout his career. “Our language is getting subdivided by some forces of the federal government,” Mr. King once said. “It is time to speak with a common voice. The argument that diversity is our strength has really never been backed up by logic. ” He has argued vociferously  —   long before Mr. Trump ran for office pushing strict   measures  —   including against protections for young adults brought over as children who have been successful in America, a group many Republicans support. In 2006, he suggested a complex plan for building an electrified wall at the border, noting that this was a practice used to control livestock. In 2012, he compared immigrants to dogs. He also accused former President Barack Obama of advancing immigration policies based on race. “The president has demonstrated that he has a default mechanism in him that breaks down the side of race, on the side that favors the black person,” he said in a radio interview in 2010. Some of his other pet issues have also had a racial tone. For instance, he once railed against a   funding measure for settlements for   farmers and American Indians on the House floor. “We have a very, very urban senator,” he said, referring to a measure that Mr. Obama supported when he was a senator. Mr. King has also long targeted the Affordable Care Act he skipped his middle son’s wedding in 2009 to cast a vote against it. While many politicians, including Mr. Trump, often try to back away from statements that offend, Mr. King amiably doubles down. On Monday, confronted about his tweet, he told CNN, “I meant exactly what I said,” adding that he would “like to see an America that’s just so homogeneous that we look a lot the same, from that. ” These sorts of remarks make Iowans of both parties cringe, even though many Republicans do so anonymously. “He’s a grandstander who says things that embarrass the whole state,” said Michael L. Fitzgerald, a Democrat, who has been Iowa’s treasurer since 1983. “Democrats think he’s an ass, and sometimes Republicans do too. ” Mr. King faced his first primary challenge in a decade last year in a safe Republican district, but he has succeeded in many respects because people in the district find him personally affable and helpful. Both parties note that Mr. King does not try to run for statewide office, mindful of the limits of his popularity. The test going forward will be of Mr. King’s   limited national sway over Republicans, which he has sought to expand by trying to attract Republican presidential hopefuls to his annual pheasant hunting outing near his home. In 2016, Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, campaigned vigorously with Mr. King, retelling a joke over and over about how Chuck Norris wore Steve King pajamas, to demonstrate the congressman’s super toughness. Mr. King’s weekend tweet “is proof that it’s hard to get attention in our current politics,” Mr. Kochel said. “For Congressman King, it’s always been tough to stay out in front of this sad pack. ”",0
11297,Judge Censors Video of Abortion Provider Sharing Graphic Details - Breitbart,"U. S. District Judge William Orrick has ordered any video links and references to the identities of members of the National Abortion Federation (NAF) to be taken down from the Internet. [The order, according to the Associated Press, comes following the release of new video footage by the Center for Medical Progress (CMP) on Thursday in which NAF abortionists are heard sharing graphic details about the dismemberment of unborn babies.  YouTube removed the video from its site, though it can still be seen at LiveLeak. com. Orrick said Thursday he would consider holding CMP leader and video journalist David Daleiden in contempt of his preliminary injunction that blocked the release of videos of NAF meetings and the identities of NAF members. The NAF claimed the videos would endanger the lives of the abortionists. In the latest video, which is a compilation of excerpts from video filmed at NAF trade shows, abortionists are heard discussing the difficulties they face in their jobs, such as “the head that gets stuck that we can’t get out,” and “an eyeball just fell down into my lap, and that is gross!” In March, a federal appeals court upheld Orrick’s ruling blocking the release of NAF meetings and members’ identities. Daleiden contends the injunction is an assault on his First Amendment rights. The filmmaker and his colleague, Sandra Merritt, have been charged with 15 felony counts under California’s law protecting “confidential” conversations. Former Los Angeles County District Attorney Steve Cooley  Associates (SCA) are defending Daleiden, the same journalist who released the series of videos in 2015 that shocked the nation as they brought attention to allegations of criminal activity in the fetal tissue procurement industry and the alleged related participation of   Planned Parenthood. Daleiden’s attorneys say the California attorney general’s interest in his case is “entirely political, meant to manipulate the law to do the bidding of their benefactors at Planned Parenthood. ” SCA recently launched a new media resource page that features all the filings in the case against Daleiden and all the videos mentioned by the California AG in its complaint, including those that have never been seen before. UPDATE: LiveLeak has also removed the video, but it can be seen courtesy of LifesiteNews: ",0
11298,How (and Why) to Camp in the National Parks - The New York Times,"Chris Santella says he wasn’t raised by “outdoorsy” parents. But as a young man growing up in Connecticut, with grandparents who lived in Maine, he developed a kinship with nature  —   in particular, a love for standing   in rivers and  . The East Coaster ultimately moved West, settling in Portland, Ore. and put aside a corporate career in marketing to write about his outdoor adventures, including trips to at least a dozen national parks. His new book, “Fifty Places to Camp Before You Die” (Abrams Books) showcases some of the world’s most beautiful campsites. More than half of the book is devoted to American national parks, including Denali in Alaska, Big Bend in Texas and Crater Lake in Oregon. Below are edited excerpts from a conversation with Mr. Santella, 53, conducted just before he was heading out on his next camping adventure in Oregon. Q. What do you love about camping, particularly in the national parks? A. When I’m out camping, and visiting places such as the national parks, my system slows down. I spend a lot of time sitting and observing rather than just doing. It just wakes you up  —   in a different way. Is that why you love taking your two teenage daughters camping as well? Yes, young people today are so engrossed in their digital networks. And taking them out of it is a process. The first day, it’s a bit rough. But they need that jolt. I love going to spots where there’s limited cell coverage  —   and there’s plenty of them in our national parks. Why visit a national park now? To begin with, it’s worth seeing certain natural phenomena  —   glaciers, endangered    —   before they are gone, or so isolated and distant that encountering them would require an expedition. A more hopeful answer would be that being in nature is good for you there have been studies that illustrate that time in nature can reduce stress and depression. We also can’t hope to preserve precious elements of nature if people don’t love them. And we can’t get people to love them if they don’t get exposure to nature. Are there protected areas that are overlooked? Yes, Redfish Lake in Idaho, which is part of Sawtooth National Forest, is a gem. It’s perfect for   campers who aren’t ready to take the plunge and want some creature comforts. On one side of the lake, there’s a beautiful lodge. On the other side of the lake is open wilderness. You can go on day hikes, or go on a   hike and be in very primitive country. Do you have any tips for   adventurers? Take as little as possible  —   just what you need. I’m not a big gear guy. The basics for me are: a good rain jacket made of fleece rather than down, a durable sleeping bag or a collapsible cot (if you’re not keen on sleeping on the floor) and a   meal, prepared and frozen. And lastly, a small portable light so you can find your way out of the tent at night if nature calls. One thing you take on every trip? Aside from my family? My favorite sleeping bag, a Sierra Designs Backcountry 600. It doesn’t have zippers, and provides for a more comfortable sleeping experience.",0
11299,Breitbart News Daily: Paris Terror - Breitbart,"On the Friday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart    Alex Marlow will continue our discussion of the first 100 days of the Trump administration. [Breitbart London    Raheem Kassam will join Marlow to discuss the latest terror attack in Paris, which the Islamic State has claimed responsibility for.  Peter Navarro, director of the White House National Trade Council, will discuss the president’s “Hire American” executive order and Trump’s call for an investigation of foreign steel imports. Mark Krikorian, the Executive Director of the Center for Immigration Studies, will discuss the deportation of a   convicted illegal immigrant DREAMer. We’ll also hear from veteran pollster Pat Caddell. Live from London, Rome, and Jerusalem, Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news. Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   .",0
11300,"Rebels Escalate Attacks on Western Aleppo, Killing 12 Civilians","Attacks Ramp Up Ahead of Russia's New Ceasefire by Jason Ditz, November 03, 2016 Share This 
A coalition of Syrian rebels led by the Nusra Front have been attacking government-held Western Aleppo since Friday, and escalated the strikes ahead of Russia’s new ceasefire. Reports out of the city suggest heavy firing against government-held neighborhoods. 
While details are still emerging, 12 civilians were reported slain in the firing, and around 200 others were wounded . This toll is independent of the toll from fighting on the ground between rebels and military forces, for which no official figures have yet been released. 
The Russian ceasefire is intended to offer a 10-hour window during which the rebels can leave the city freely through two corridors, taking their weapons and anything else with them, though the rebels have already denounced both the offer and the ceasefire, insisting they will never surrender the city. 
Both sides have been trading fire for months, often shelling one another’s neighborhoods, attacks which tend to kill a lot more civilian bystanders than combatants. They also trade offensives and counteroffensives, aiming to take control of the entire city. 
So far, neither side has been able to get serious gains in the fighting over the city. Some smaller gains by the Syrian military last month appear to be getting reversed with this new offensive by the rebels from outside the city. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
11301,Putin and Xi in Western propaganda – why does XJP get off so lightly? Moscow-Beijing Express on The Saker 161029,"Nuclear weapons In fact, Russia is not about to go to war with America. Much of its language is no more than bluster. But it does pose a threat to stability and order. And the first step to answering that threat is to understand that Russian belligerence is not a sign of resurgence, but of a chronic, debilitating weakness. Vlad the invader As our special report this week sets out, Russia confronts grave problems in its economy, politics and society. Its population is ageing and is expected to shrink by 10% by 2050. An attempt to use the windfall from the commodity boom to modernise the state and its economy fell flat. Instead Mr Putin has presided over a huge increase in government: between 2005 and 2015, the share of Russian GDP that comes from public spending and state-controlled firms rose from 35% to 70%. Having grown by 7% a year at the start of Mr Putin’s reign, the economy is now shrinking. Sanctions are partly to blame, but corruption and a fall in the price of oil matter more. The Kremlin decides who gets rich and stays that way. Vladimir Yevtushenkov, a Russian tycoon, was detained for three months in 2014. When he emerged, he had surrendered his oil company. Mr Putin has sought to offset vulnerability at home with aggression abroad. With their mass protests after election-rigging in 2011-12, Russia’s sophisticated urban middle classes showed that they yearn for a modern state. When the oil price was high, Mr Putin could resist them by buying support. Now he shores up his power by waging foreign wars and using his propaganda tools to whip up nationalism. He is wary of giving any ground to Western ideas because Russia’s political system, though adept at repression, is brittle. Institutions that would underpin a prosperous Russia, such as the rule of law, free media, democracy and open competition, pose an existential threat to Mr Putin’s rotten state. For much of his time in office Mr Obama has assumed that, because Russia is a declining power, he need not pay it much heed. Yet a weak, insecure, unpredictable country with nuclear weapons is dangerous—more so, in some ways, even than the Soviet Union was. Unlike Soviet leaders after Stalin, Mr Putin rules alone, unchecked by a Politburo or by having witnessed the second world war’s devastation. He could remain in charge for years to come. Age is unlikely to mellow him. Mr Obama increasingly says the right things about Putinism—he sounded reasonably tough during a press conference this week—but Mr Putin has learned that he can defy America and come out on top. Mild Western sanctions make ordinary Russians worse off, but they also give the people an enemy to unite against, and Mr Putin something to blame for the economic damage caused by his own policies. Ivan the bearable What should the West do? Time is on its side. A declining power needs containing until it is eventually overrun by its own contradictions—even as the urge to lash out remains. Because the danger is of miscalculation and unchecked escalation, America must continue to engage in direct talks with Mr Putin even, as today, when the experience is dispiriting. Success is not measured by breakthroughs and ceasefires—welcome as those would be in a country as benighted as Syria—but by lowering the chances of a Russian blunder. Nuclear miscalculation would be the worst kind of all. Hence the talks need to include nuclear-arms control as well as improved military-to-military relations, in the hope that nuclear weapons can be kept separate from other issues, as they were in Soviet times. That will be hard because, as Russia declines, it will see its nuclear arsenal as an enduring advantage. Another area of dispute will be Russia’s near abroad. Ukraine shows how Mr Putin seeks to destabilise countries as a way to stop them drifting out of Russia’s orbit (see article ). America’s next president must declare that, contrary to what Mr Trump has said, if Russia uses such tactics against a NATO member, such as Latvia or Estonia, the alliance will treat it as an attack on them all. Separately the West needs to make it clear that, if Russia engages in large-scale aggression against non-NATO allies, such as Georgia and Ukraine, it reserves the right to arm them. Above all the West needs to keep its head. Russian interference in America’s presidential election merits measured retaliation. But the West can withstand such “active measures”. Russia does not pretend to offer the world an attractive ideology or vision. Instead its propaganda aims to discredit and erode universal liberal values by nurturing the idea that the West is just as corrupt as Russia, and that its political system is just as rigged. It wants to create a divided West that has lost faith in its ability to shape the world. In response, the West should be united and firm. This article appeared in the Print Edition with the headline: Putinism 
Crosslinked at the Moscow-Beijing Express: http://thesaker.is/putin-and-xi-in-western-propaganda-why-does-xjp-get-off-so-lightly/ Podcast is available on SoundCloud or at the bottom of this webpage: https://soundcloud.com/44-days/putin-and-xi-in-western-propaganda-why-does-xjp-get-off-so-lightly-161029 
A recent cover and main article in the Economist , pictured above, reminds me of just how hyperbolic and ideological is the West’s propaganda against Russian President Vladimir Putin. While maybe good polemical fodder as a cartoon on the editorial page, the fact that this demonic caricature merits front cover status, indicates just how programmed and institutionalized Western mainstream media is. Westerners love to insult the Anti-West press for being “party organs” and “government mouthpieces”. But, why travel so far? They only need to stay home with their national New York Times, Radio France and BBC , to really appreciate Bernaysian psyops being passed off as serious journalism (as in Edward Bernays). I don’t call it living behind the Great Western Firewall for nothing. 
I have a friend whose email signature is “Blame it on Putin”. For a while, he changed it to “Blame it on China”. But that didn’t last long and he recently changed it back. As we have seen with the most depressing predictability, President Putin, specifically, and Russia in general are the voodoo pin dolls of Western racism and demonization of another people (Slavs) and other religions (Orthodox Christianity, as well as widespread Islam and Buddhism in Siberia). http://chinarising.puntopress.com/2015/10/01/slavs-and-the-yellow-peril-are-niggers-brutes-and-beasts-in-the-eyes-of-western-empire-the-saker-44-days-radio-sinoland-2015-10-1/ 
What is so remarkable is how unhinged and psychopathic the West’s racist propaganda is against Putin & Co., compared to the attacks on China’s President Xi Jinping (XJP) and the Chinese people. It transgresses irrational fear, to the point of being sick, black humor. Yet, about the most polemical front cover against XJP was Time magazine in April, 2016, seen below. Making China’s leader look like a Mao Zedong- Blade Runner replicant is tame and almost quaint, compared to the Orwellian “Emmanuel Goldstein” tsunami being launched nonstop against Putin. 

Pretty tame stuff, this, compared to the racist feeding frenzy that Western propaganda is ginning up against Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Slavic countrymen. 
True, Russia has the longest border with what in now considered “Europe”, and there is tremendous historical Western precedence to keep Germany from forming any kind of economic or geopolitical alliance with Russia. As well, the West’s Ukrainian color revolution turned out to be a total genocidal failure, with Russia reintegrating Crimea and Donbass biding its time for a hopeful remarriage in the years to come. Needless to say, the revenge factor, and if there is anything that Western tyranny loves more, it’s to avenge its long list of failed chaos and extermination around the world. 
But, Russia is officially a capitalist country. Its current constitution was largely written by American fifth columnists. The Russian Central Bank is widely presumed to be under the thumb of the West’s oil banking families. In spite of widespread ignorance around the world, on these two counts, China can definitely list itself in the opposing column. http://chinarising.puntopress.com/2016/10/18/so-called-communist-china-an-exclusive-article-for-the-all-china-review-16-10-17/ . Given America’s post-1917, deranged, hysterical fear of, and untold billions spent to crush any communist expression at home and around the world, you would think that red China and Xi would be Public Enemy Number One. But no, it’s Putin and the Russians. 
One factor might be Western perceptions of Russia’s and China’s military strength. Russians have shown off their powerful, well-run army, navy and air force in Syria and the Black Sea. The West is probably in a bit of an historic rut, when looking at China’s rapidly modernizing People’s Liberation Army (PLA), like back to the Korean War, when the just liberated New China had no air force, no navy and no nuclear missiles, yet still kicked the pants off Uncle Sam, using mostly World War I vintage arms. But then again, nobody in the West will ever admit that they lost the Korean War in the first place. http://chinarising.puntopress.com/2016/09/04/from-may-9th-in-moscow-to-september-3rd-in-beijing-the-anti-west-order-comes-full-circle-reprint/ . I can tell you that here in China, just like 1950-1953, XJP and the PLA do not fear American military power, not one iota. Respect it, yes. Fear it, never. President Xi has put the PLA on combat ready war footing and he means it. http://www.globaltimes.cn/content/966932.shtml 
But there is a new gadfly in America’s imperial ointment, one who may push President Xi and the Chinese people up the racist hate-o-meter, to Slavic levels, and that menace is the Philippines’ new president, Rodrigo Duterte. http://chinarising.puntopress.com/2016/09/17/puppet-japan-saves-uncle-sams-face-in-south-china-sea-after-philippines-principled-stand-vs-imperialism-jeff-j-brown-on-press-tv/ . This plainspoken, no bullshit world leader is Uncle Sam’s worst nightmare. He is calling American empire what it is: genocidal, dictatorial and rapacious. Not once, but day after day, meeting after meeting, press conference after press conference. 
At September 8-9, 2016’s ASEAN summit in Laos, Duterte showed a colonial era photo and talked about the genocide that the US committed, as it brutally conquered the Philippines, 1899-1913, killing an estimated 1.25 million people, about 25% of the nation’s population. Western media censored it like the plague (they have been anyway, for over a century) and even semi-friendly outlets like the South China Morning Post were aghast that he actually associated the West with genocide. Heaven forbid! This, in spite of the fact the easily 80-90% of history’s genocides and exterminations were and are being perpetrated by Eurangloland, including of course Israel. Behind the Great Western Firewall, genocide is exclusively reserved for powerless, dark skinned people and unrepentant socialists, like Serbia’s framed and destroyed Slobodan Milosevic. President Rodrigo Duterte shows images of the Bud Dajo massacre during his speech at the 2016 Metrobank Foundation’s Outstanding Filipinos awarding ceremony in Malacañan’s Rizal Hall on September 12. REY BANIQUET/PPD 
Speaking truth to imperial power, Duterte gives a blunt lesson on Western genocide, during the recent ASEAN summit in Laos. How dare you tell it like it is! (Image by Baidu.com) 
Duterte is a semi-official socialist-populist. His cabinet is inclusive and consultative, with former imprisoned and exiled political opposition leaders, including communists and Muslims. He clearly can’t stand America’s grotesque, imperial arrogance and tyranny, in a country that has been a pliant doormat for US mayhem and exploitation in Asia, going back to the turn of the 19 th -20 th century. When Duterte’s hometown of Davao was hit with a very suspicious, false flag smelling public market bombing, on September 2, 2016, he suggested that the automatic-to-blame Abu Sayyef Group, a Muslim independence outfit on his island of Mindanao, is controlled by US Special Forces based there, which is of course true. But, world leaders aren’t supposed to speak truth to power, especially “little brown brothers”, as Filipino Foreign Minister Perfecto Yasay has described America’s attitude to his long suffering and abused nation. http://www.philstar.com/headlines/2016/09/17/1624575/dfa-chief-philippines-no-little-brown-brother-us 
After signing with XJP more than three times as many development deals ($15 billion), as the US has totally invested to date in the Philippines ($4.7 billion), Duterte declared to the world that the “US has lost” and that his country was realigning with Baba Beijing. His official government/trade delegation had an unprecedented 300 members and another 150 business people paid their own way to join the Asian lovefest. The two sides set up bilateral committees to discuss and negotiate their South China Sea claims, which is anathema to Uncle Sam, who always insists on being the rabid Rottweiler in the middle. Next stop was US prostitute Japan, where he further declared that the Philippines would be free of all foreign military (meaning US marines and special forces), something that has not happened since 1521, when Spain began colonizing and raping the archipelago. 
This is all very powerful, history changing geopolitics. Almost every other world leader who has talked and acted like this, has either been overthrown and/or murdered by the West, sooner than later. Clearly, from the perspective of the West, Duterte’s visionary, regional reset is closely tied to President Xi and China. It is for this reason that XJP may be getting the Slavic-Putin treatment on an accelerated schedule, in a desperate attempt to trash China’s deep, historical leadership and trust role in Asia. 
The old story about people being able to see that the emperor is not wearing any clothes, is very apropos to Duterte. He is shouting out to the world that Western empire is a colossal failure and humiliation for his impoverished, exploited citizens, and by extension, equally so for every other member of humanity outside Eurangloland. http://chinarising.puntopress.com/2016/07/16/communist-china-vs-capitalist-philippines-vs-imperial-france-china-rising-radio-sinoland-160716/ . Once one person pierces the veil, it emboldens others to finally have the courage to pile on. 
For Uncle Sam, it’s already happening. Malaysian Prime Minster Najib Razak is visiting XJP and Co. in Beijing, October 31-November 6, 2016, an unusually long state visit by a world leader. Najib has declared that Malaysia is committed to strengthening friendship with China and pushing ties to “new highs”. http://www.reuters.com/article/us-malaysia-china-idUSKCN12R0ZU . As more and more countries embrace China’s history founding One Belt One Road plan, in which the whole world is and will benefit into the 22 nd century, including Eurangloland, expect ever more desperate, racist demonization and dehumanization of Xi Jinping and the Chinese people, along the lines of Putin and the Russians. Maybe the CIA-MI6 can dig up that old 19 th century chestnut, “The Yellow Peril”, and give it a modern day makeover. Stay tuned to the New York Times, Radio France and the BBC , as the propaganda psyops campaign takes shape. 
As more and more world leaders are emboldened to speak out against Western tyranny, thanks to Filipino President Rodrigo Duterte’s courage to make a public stand, President Xi Jinping can expect his face to morph into Putin’s, who is diabolically pictured above on a January, 2014 Newsweek cover. 
ABOUT JEFF BROWN Jeff J. Brown—TGP’s Beijing correspondent— is the author of 44 Days (2013), Reflections in Sinoland – Musings and Anecdotes from the Belly of the New Century Beast (summer 2015), and Doctor WriteRead’s Treasure Trove to Great English (2015). He is currently writing an historical fiction, Red Letters – The Diaries of Xi Jinping , due out in 2016. In addition, a new anthology on China, China Rising, Capitalist Roads, Socialist Destinations , is also scheduled for publication this summer. Jeff is commissioned to write monthly articles for The Saker and The Greanville Post , touching on all things China, and the international political & cultural scene In China, he has been a speaker at TEDx , the Bookworm Literary Festival, the Capital M Literary Festival, the Hutong, as well as being featured in an 18-part series of interviews on Radio Beijing AM774 , with former BBC journalist, Bruce Connolly. He has guest lectured at international schools in Beijing and Tianjin. Jeff grew up in the heartland of the United States, Oklahoma, and graduated from Oklahoma State University. He went to Brazil while in graduate school at Purdue University, to seek his fortune, which whet his appetite for traveling the globe. This helped inspire him to be a Peace Corps Volunteer in Tunisia in 1980 and he lived and worked in Africa, the Middle East, China and Europe for the next 21 years. All the while, he mastered Portuguese, Arabic, French and Mandarin, while traveling to over 85 countries. He then returned to America for nine years, whereupon he moved back to China in 2010. He currently lives in Beijing with his wife, where he writes, while being a school teacher in an international school. Jeff is a dual national French-American. 
China Rising Radio Sinoland Outlets CHINA RISING ON RADIO. CLICK HERE FOR INFO",0
11302,A guide to the topical fireworks of 2016,A guide to the topical fireworks of 2016,0
11303,"WikiLeaks: Hillary Clinton knew Saudi, Qatar were funding ISIS – but still took their money for Foundation","SEE ALSO: Why Hillary Clinton is Responsible for US Failures in Libya and Syria 
According to FOX News , FBI sources have said that ‘indictments are likely’ for the Clinton Foundation investigation. One only wonders how this latest Assange revelation will factor into the wider investigation – as it goes right to the heart of the national security and foreign policy – two things which Clinton trades heavily on in her campaigning. 
Assange went on to explain the deep ramifications of this latest criminal allegation against Clinton and her family foundation: 
“All serious analysts know, and even the US government has agreed, that some Saudi figures have been supporting ISIS and funding ISIS, but the dodge has always been that it is some “rogue” princes using their oil money to do whatever they like, but actually the government disapproves. But that email says that it is the government of Saudi Arabia, and the government of Qatar that have been funding ISIS.” 
During their 25-minute interview filmed at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London, Assange and Pilger discussed the obvious conflict of interest between Clinton as Secretary of State, the Clinton Foundation and Gulf monarchies who financed them. The following is an excerpt from the interview transcript: 
John Pilger: The Saudis, the Qataris, the Moroccans, the Bahrainis, particularly the first two, are giving all this money to the Clinton Foundation, while Hillary Clinton is secretary of state, and the State Department is approving massive arms sales, particularly Saudi Arabia. 
Julian Assange: Under Hillary Clinton – and the Clinton emails reveal a significant discussion of it – the biggest-ever arms deal in the world was made with Saudi Arabia: more than $80 billion. During her tenure, the total arms exports from the US doubled in dollar value. 
JP: Of course, the consequence of that is that this notorious jihadist group, called ISIL or ISIS, is created largely with money from people who are giving money to the Clinton Foundation? 
JA: Yes. 
Watch a brief preview of the interview here : 
Courtesy Peter Myers",0
11304,"Campaign Over, President Trump Will Hold a (What Else?) Campaign Rally - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   In an extraordinarily swift return to politicking after a tumultuous first month in office, the White House on Wednesday said President Trump will hold the first campaign rally of his    administration on Saturday. The rally, to be held in an airplane hangar in Melbourne, Fla. is an indication that Mr. Trump, who has sometimes felt isolated in the White House, is eager to get outside of Washington and relive the rapturous reception that greeted him during the presidential campaign. Mr. Trump exulted in large crowds assembled at cavernous venues throughout his 2016 bid, and spent the first days of his presidency quibbling over how many Americans attended his inauguration. On Wednesday, during a joint news conference with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, Mr. Trump answered a question about whether his administration was flirting with xenophobia and racism in part by noting the support he received in the election. “I just want to say that we are very honored by the victory that we had  —   306 Electoral College votes,” Mr. Trump said. “There’s tremendous enthusiasm out there. ” Not long after, in a posting on Twitter, Mr. Trump invited his nearly 25 million followers to attend the Saturday evening event, which will take place just up the coast from his    retreat in Palm Beach where he plans to spend the weekend. It will be his third weekend in a row on Florida’s Gold Coast. “We are going to put America back to work,” a message accompanying the posting said. “We are going to put people before government. ” The White House would not provide any additional information about the rally. Officials referred questions to a member of Mr. Trump’s political organization, who also did not immediately respond to a request for comment. “It’s being run by the campaign,” Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said on Wednesday, without elaborating. He would not say why the president would be holding a campaign rally so soon after taking office. The rally will be only the second public appearance by Mr. Trump outside of Washington since he took office. On Friday, he is scheduled to visit a Boeing plant in North Charleston, S. C. for the unveiling of the aerospace manufacturer’s new Dreamliner aircraft. Mr. Trump filed paperwork with the Federal Election Commission for his 2020   campaign on Jan. 20, the day he was sworn in. That allowed him to continue to accept contributions  —   including proceeds from the sales of his popular red “Make America Great Again” hats  —   without running afoul of the law. Mr. Trump ended the 2016 campaign flush with funds, in part because of substantial sales of the hats. At the end of 2016, he had $7, 611, 702. 92 cash on hand and no debt. The rally comes at a precarious time for Mr. Trump, as his White House is reeling from personnel turmoil and has yet to score any legislative victories. On Tuesday, he accepted the resignation of his national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn, who had become embroiled in allegations that he had improper contacts with Russian officials before Mr. Trump took office. That was followed on Wednesday by the abrupt withdrawal of Andrew F. Puzder, the president’s nominee to be secretary of labor, amid allegations that he had abused his   and employed an illegal immigrant. Mr. Trump had vowed to move quickly to put his policy agenda in place once in the White House. But his effort to use executive power to crack down on immigration has faltered in the face of legal challenges, and his administration has yet to issue a proposal either for repealing the health care law he railed against during the campaign or enacting the tax overhaul he has promised. Larry M. Noble, the general counsel of the Campaign Legal Center, a nonpartisan group, said he was not aware of any president having held a campaign rally this early in his tenure. “Usually, they are too busy trying to get their administration in place,” Mr. Noble said. “More importantly, normally the president wants to delay candidate status so that he can travel as president making speeches, announcing new policies and actions, promoting his agenda and attacking his opponents in Congress without having to use campaign funds. ” Barack Obama did not file his statement of candidacy for   until April 2011, more than two years after he took office, while George W. Bush waited until May of 2003 and Bill Clinton until April of 1995. Mr. Trump may be moving now, Mr. Noble said, to ensure he can address a friendly crowd devoid of protesters. “My guess is that he intends to control who is invited to the rally and press access by calling the rally a candidate event and paying for it out of campaign funds,” Mr. Noble said. “If it was an official White House event, he would have less control over it. ” Mr. Trump is likely to travel to the event on Air Force One and will have a sizable contingent of Secret Service and staff aides with him, as presidents always do when they travel. Campaign finance laws dictate that the cost of such a flight be shared between the campaign organizing the rally and the White House. It is not abnormal for a sitting president to hold a political rally in the months before an election, and Mr. Trump has said he plans to campaign actively for Republicans who support him and against Democrats who seek to stymie his agenda. But Mr. Trump’s return to the campaign trail on Saturday is unusually early. Even the midterm congressional elections for members of Congress are still 21 months away.",0
11305,Chart Of The Day: The Bond Vigilantes Are Back! UST Yield Up 65bps Since Election,"Chart Of The Day: The Bond Vigilantes Are Back! UST Yield Up 65bps Since Election By David Stockman. Posted On Friday, November 18th, 2016 
David Stockman's Contra Corner is the only place where mainstream delusions and cant about the Warfare State, the Bailout State, Bubble Finance and Beltway Banditry are ripped, refuted and rebuked. Subscribe now to receive David Stockman’s latest posts by email each day as well as his model portfolio, Lee Adler’s Daily Data Dive and David’s personally curated insights and analysis from leading contrarian thinkers.",0
11306,Valentine’s Day Can Mean Savings for Travelers - The New York Times,"Valentine’s Day is an occasion for chocolates and candlelit dinners, and that goes for travelers, too. Here are some of the perks and reduced rates hotels and resorts are offering to entice couples out of the house for a night or two. For a snowy getaway, Whiteface Lodge in Lake Placid, N. Y. has a   package that includes wine and cheese on arrival, two massages, dinner for two and breakfast. Rooms are stocked with s’more fixings to be assembled at the   fireplace. Rates start at $546 a night. It’s low season on Martha’s Vineyard, Mass. where the 1891 Harbor View Hotel offers a Valentine’s Day dinner for $59 a person. Room rates start at $109 a night. Not restricted to the holiday, the Kennebunkport Resort Collection in Maine is offering a “Love KPT” package at the Boathouse Waterfront Hotel (rates from $373) and the Kennebunkport Inn (from $405). Rates include two nights, wine and   strawberries and a   dinner for two, through March 30. The airfare might set you back, but the Corinthia Hotel Prague has a Valentine package for stays between Feb. 3 and 19 that includes a room, breakfast, bottle of sparkling wine and   dinner for two with wine, starting at 170 euros (about $182). Book by Feb. 15. Other locations in the Corinthia Hotel collection of luxury hotels in Budapest, Lisbon, Malta and St. Petersburg, Russia, as well as Prague, are offering 50 percent off room rates on bookings made before March 1 for stays throughout 2017.",0
11307,Islamic State Starts 2017 with Video of Toddler Executing Prisoner,"The Islamic State is back with another   video that is even more depraved than the last “Cubs of the Caliphate” release. This time around, the terror state gives us a small child blowing a chained prisoner’s head off in an abandoned amusement park. [Heavy. com reports that the new video appeared on ISIS social media channels on Sunday, under the title “Sometimes With His Own Blood,” but it has also been posted under the name “He Revived Me by His Blood. ” The footage was shot in Deir   Syria. The prisoners executed in the video are said to be Kurdish fighters.  Most of the children, dressed in military fatigues and stalking through an abandoned amusement park, executing prisoners tied to the inert rides, look to be around 10 years old. One of them performs a gruesome knife beheading on a captive. The UK Sun has a clip from this sequence, with the shocking violence and bloody aftermath edited out. According to a report at PJ Media, it ends with the victim’s decapitated head sitting in the middle of the   ride while it slowly spins. The most horrifying sequence in the new video shows a much younger boy  —   ARA News says he is 4 years old  —   approaching a prisoner chained to the wall of a dusty old ball pit. The little boy is handed a gun, and he proceeds to pump five rounds into the victim while shrieking, “Allahu akbar!” The last child killer in the video cuts his victim’s throat next to a kiddie train track and then leaves his knife planted in the victim’s back. The video includes coerced confessions from the prisoners. According to ARA News, they confess to working as spies for Kurdish forces.   Warning: Graphic Video Content below, ",0
11308,Good Samaritan wearing Indian headdress disarms gunman,"Good Samaritan wearing Indian headdress disarms gunman 'Just trying to go get some weed ... and saw someone who could use help' Published: 39 mins ago 
(Portland Mercury) The city’s TV news crews were abuzz last night with news that a young man in a Native American headdress had disarmed a gunman at the MAX stop near East Burnside and 102nd. 
According to cops, a teen suspect was on the train when he was confronted by an adult man he knew. An argument ensued, and the teen wound up firing two shots on the train. KGW reports the headdress-donning stranger waiting at the MAX stop, who goes by Rambo Richardson, “overpowered the gunman, took his weapon and held him down.” 
Richardson, on Facebook, adds to that account. In a string of posts and replies, Richardson—who says he’s a member of the Haliwa-Saponi tribe and hails originally from North Carolina—says he was “just trying to go get some weed from Oregon’s Best Meds and saw someone who could use help, so i did what I would want someone to do for me…”",0
11309,"Hermine Swirls Off East Coast, but Threat Eases - The New York Times","ATLANTA  —   The powerful   cyclone Hermine lurked off the Eastern Seaboard on Sunday, and its evolving path made the storm more likely to be a bother than a threat. Yet even as the storm churned hundreds of miles from the shoreline and positioned itself farther east than anticipated, officials, fearful of floodwaters and skeptical of shifting forecasts, often kept beaches closed, roads shut down and Labor Day weekend concerts canceled. “It’s gone east, it could wobble back west or wobble further east,” said Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, who on Saturday declared emergencies for three counties. “All those things will decide what impact it has, especially in our coastal areas. ” By Sunday evening, the National Hurricane Center said the storm, which made landfall on Friday in Florida as a Category 1 hurricane, was about 335 miles east of Ocean City, Md. A “slow   motion” was predicted through Monday, and the hurricane center said Hermine’s center would “meander slowly offshore of the   coast for the next couple of days. ” Tropical storm warnings were in effect between the Fenwick Island, Del. area and Cape Cod, Mass. and the hurricane center described a storm system with tropical   winds  —   between 39 and 73 miles per hour  —   extending more than 200 miles from its center. Hermine had maximum sustained winds on Sunday of 70 m. p. h. and the hurricane center said the storm was “expected to be at or near hurricane strength” before beginning to weaken on Monday night. But to the federal and state authorities, wind speed was only part of the riddle of Hermine, which seemed ready a little over a week ago to disintegrate without becoming a named storm. Flooding always loomed as a threat, and some forecasters predicted   events. On Sunday, after extensive preparations, those fears mostly eased with every passing hour. “This is certainly not Sandy, nowhere near that,” Mr. Christie said, referring to the catastrophic 2012 storm. “And it’s not even Jonas. ” On Long Beach Island, to the north of Atlantic City, Christian Gagliardi, who has a   rental on the island, said he was not worried about the storm. “Even if it stalls at this point, unless you live on the ocean, it’s not going to be a problem,” Mr. Gagliardi, 43, said while standing on a dune that was built to protect the island after Sandy. Drivers approaching the island on Route 72 from the west were greeted with electronic signs warning “Severe Coastal Storm  —   Be Prepared,” and a convenience store near the causeway connecting the island to the mainland had placed a small pile of sandbags near its door. The governors of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia also declared emergencies for at least parts of their states, and in New York, Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo’s office said the National Guard was on alert. New York City banned swimming, bathing and surfing on its beaches through Labor Day, and the city said the restrictions could extend into Tuesday. The city also warned that it could limit access to bridges, and that Staten Island Ferry runs could be delayed or canceled. The storm’s shift to a slow churn off the   coast followed its destructive and deadly march through Florida, Georgia and the Carolinas. Although officials in Georgia, North Carolina and South Carolina reported mostly limited damage, Gov. Rick Scott of Florida said on Sunday that electrical service issues remained a problem in Leon County, which includes Tallahassee, the state capital. Mr. Scott’s office said more than 40, 000 customers were still without power there, and in a pointed statement on Sunday, Mr. Scott mentioned issues that he called “still unresolved by city and county government. ” “There are still too many people without power in the City of Tallahassee and Leon County and, as you would expect, I will not be satisfied until it is fully restored,” Mr. Scott said. Local officials have defended their response amid what Mayor Andrew Gillum of Tallahassee described over the weekend as an “unfortunate and irritating situation. ” “Our No. 1 priority is to get power back to our residents and businesses as quickly as possible,” he wrote in a lengthy post on Facebook. “Once we’ve successfully done that, we’ll worry about cleanup and getting Tallahassee back to the beautiful community that we have all grown to love. ” Also on Sunday, officials in Pasco County, north of Tampa, oversaw a blend of mandatory and voluntary evacuations in response to the rise of the Anclote River. Deputies helped people to evacuate, and prisoners were assigned to fill sandbags. Officials have attributed two deaths  —   one in Florida and another in North Carolina  —   to the storm.",0
11310,How the Split Screen Framed Trump and Clinton - The New York Times,"The split screen told the story at the first 2016 presidential debate, and it was not kind to Donald J. Trump. At the right was his opponent, Hillary Clinton, a practiced    debater, who held long, studied gazes on her opponent, delivered calibrated attacks and turned to the audience to smile incredulously at his responses. At the left was Mr. Trump, the volatile presence who   a season of Republican debates. Now he grimaced, squinted, nodded, pursed his lips, sniffed, huffed and interrupted, becoming, over the night, an agitated man in a box. This seemed to be by Mrs. Clinton’s design. She had reportedly prepared to face two different versions of her opponent. There might be a reserved Mr. Trump, ready to reassure voters about his  . Or there might be the raging, ranting Mr. Trump of the primaries. Turns out they both showed up. The quiet Mr. Trump took the first shift, presenting a   version of his forceful campaign persona minus the bluster, insults and defenses of his anatomy. He pushed his case firmly, hitting his campaign’s focal points on the economy and trade. But it didn’t take long for Mrs. Clinton to find the other Mr. Trump under that thin second skin. Her needling began immediately. She referred to her opponent as “Donald,” where he pointedly called her “Secretary Clinton. ” (“Yes, is that O. K.?” he asked at his first reference to her.) She referred to his starting a business with a “$14 million” loan from his father, which Mr. Trump preferred to call a “very small loan. ” The digs targeted Mr. Trump’s status and founding mythos, triggering his   reflex. He became combative and rattled, letting his opponent lead him down rhetorical detours (at one point he revived an old feud with Rosie O’Donnell) knowing that he would follow his ingrained ABCs: always be counterpunching. It was Tony Soprano vs. Dr. Melfi, TV’s biggest antihero blustering against the woman who had gotten inside his head. The campaign mind games had begun before the actual contest, like fisticuffs at a    . After Mark Cuban, the billionaire bugbear of Mr. Trump, announced on Twitter that he would attend the debate, Mr. Trump threatened to invite Gennifer Flowers, whose reported affair with Bill Clinton endangered Mr. Clinton’s presidential run in 1992. But there were no big stunts on air, and little in the candidates’ styles we hadn’t seen before. Mr. Trump spoke in direct, punchy sentences and fragments: “Typical politician. All talk, no action. Sounds good, doesn’t work. ” And he used his hands as an emoji keyboard, punctuating his words with slashes, stabbing fingers and pinched O. K. gestures. Mrs. Clinton was steady and poised. At times her lines sounded rehearsed. (Stop trying to make “   ” happen. It’s not going to happen.) But one of her most effective lines, which she seemed to be waiting for a chance to use, was about preparation itself. “I think Donald just criticized me for preparing for this debate,” she said. “Yes, I did. And you know what else I prepared for? I prepared to be president. ” The two candidates’ stage styles served as campaign arguments in themselves. Mrs. Clinton’s spotlighting her debate practice was a shorthand defense of the experience that her opponents have cast as insiderism. Mr. Trump, meanwhile, has used his improvisatory style to suggest that he would govern the country by quick instinct and golden gut. (Thus his tendency to announce “called it” after tragic news events.) It’s entirely possible that their demeanors each came across as winning to their respective bases  —   one more way in which two Americas have viewed the election through different frames. But Monday night, it was Mrs. Clinton who seemed to be having the debate she wanted. Her body language was controlled, and she more often directed her attention outward toward the camera and audience. Mr. Trump, the   pro, showed less camera awareness, glaring at his opponent and directing answers downstage (presumably toward the moderator, Lester Holt, who was little seen on camera). By the end of the debate his declaration, “I also have a much better temperament than she has” drew spontaneous laughter. Some of the audience laughter and applause seemed more tactical than spontaneous, though the crowd had been warned to keep quiet. But it was nothing like the arena roar of the primary debates, which Mr. Trump in particular had thrived on. By the anarchic standards of the earlier debates, Mr. Holt kept reasonable control over the proceedings. He let exchanges run at length but was willing to step in his questions were few but  . The major focus, indeed obsession, of the   to the debate was whether Mr. Holt would be willing to   lies and inaccuracies. He did, though sparingly, for instance knocking down Mr. Trump’s claim that he had opposed the Iraq war before it began. But   loomed over the debate even when Mr. Holt wasn’t doing it. Media outlets and individual viewers were policing statements in real time online, and Bloomberg TV network did so live onscreen. Both candidates seemed aware of the magnifying glass. “Please,   get to work,” Mrs. Clinton said, after Mr. Trump told her, “You’ve been fighting ISIS your entire adult life. ” (Mrs. Clinton is 68. It was rather an overstatement.) Even Mr. Trump, whose whoppers have continually rung the bell on campaign watchdogs’    seemed briefly conscious of the scrutiny, following up a charge about the Obama administration’s debt record with the disclaimer, “to be  . ” Mr. Trump was also   and   coming off   and closing on a note of  . After Mrs. Clinton blasted him for his treatment of a beauty pageant contestant, he insinuated a dark personal attack while taking credit for not directly making it. “I was going to say something extremely rough to Hillary, to her family,” he said, “and I said to myself, ‘I can’t do it. ’” But later, talking to reporters in the spin room, Mr. Trump said that the remark had to do with Mr. Clinton’s “indiscretions. ” Asked for details, he told CNN, “I’ll tell you maybe at the next debate. ” It all depends on which Donald Trump shows up, or how many of him.",0
11311,Nearly All U.S. Banks Pass Fed’s Stress Test - The New York Times,"All but one of the nation’s largest banks earned an unconditional passing grade from federal regulators on their annual stress tests, which measure their preparedness to weather a financial crisis. The one   institution that did not pass unconditionally was Morgan Stanley, a Wall Street bank that has been struggling to regain its footing after the financial crisis of 2008. Regulators raised concerns over the company’s internal controls and processes. The Federal Reserve gave failing grades to the American subsidiaries of two European banks, Deutsche Bank and Santander, which both failed in previous years. The banking stress tests  —   which measure whether banks have enough capital and liquidity, management controls and other necessary safeguards to survive various   situations  —   have been required of banks with more than $50 billion in assets since the passage of the   Act, which took effect in 2010. The passing grades mean that all of the big banks  —   even Morgan Stanley  —   will be able to pay dividends and buy back stock from shareholders. The results, announced by the Fed on Wednesday afternoon, are the second part of the annual stress tests, which compel each institution to run a simulation of how it would bear up under various catastrophic conditions, like an abrupt rise in interest rates or unemployment, or a big crash in equity markets. Last week, the Fed said that all the big banks would be able to make it through a recession and still maintain adequate financial buffers. On Wednesday, a Fed official said that even with the concerns raised, the stress test results suggest that banks would be able to withstand an event like Britain’s exit from the European Union, which has rocked bank stocks over the last week. Since the financial crisis, banks have been required to create large capital barriers to cushion against losses from a recession or market shock. While the financial system has not encountered any problems close to the mortgage losses of 2008, banks have been able to withstand more recent challenges like the steep drop in oil prices and the turmoil in Europe. While tougher capital requirements may be helping to stabilize the banks, they are hampering profitability. The stock prices of many large banks have languished as investors question whether these companies can increase their profits substantially in such a stringent new regulatory environment. The stress test results announced Wednesday are no doubt a welcome relief, in particular, to Bank of America and Citigroup, which have had difficulty passing the test unconditionally in past years. Both banks have spent tens of millions of dollars and assigned some of their top executives to the task of ensuring that they gain the Fed’s approval. Shortly after the results were made public, Citigroup announced that it would more than triple its dividend, to 16 cents from 5 cents, and buy back as much as $8. 6 billion of stock. Bank of America said it would increase its dividend to 7. 5 cents from 5 cents and purchase $5 billion in shares. Even Morgan Stanley came forward to say that it planned to raise its dividend to 20 cents from 15 cents and increase its share buyback program to $3. 5 billion for the four quarters beginning July 1, from $2. 5 billion in the previous period. The three banks that were called out by the Fed on Wednesday all had big enough financial buffers, the regulators said. Rather, the criticism was with more qualitative aspects of the way the three banks operate internally. At Morgan Stanley, the Fed said, the problems “include shortcomings in the firm’s scenario design practices, which do not adequately reflect risks and vulnerabilities specific to the firm, weaknesses in some aspects of the firm’s modeling practices, and weaknesses in governance and controls around both scenario design and modeling practices. ” Morgan Stanley will be able to return money to shareholders, as planned, but it will need to improve its internal processes by the end of the year. If the bank does not make those improvements, the Fed could halt the bank’s payouts. The results are an unhappy hiccup for Morgan Stanley, which has been struggling to raise its profits to the level of its competitors’ and is in the middle of a significant   campaign. In a statement, the chief executive of Morgan Stanley, James P. Gorman, said, “We are committed to addressing the Fed’s concerns about our capital planning process and fully expect to meet their requirements within the established time frame. ” For Deutsche Bank and Santander, the failing grades raise bigger concerns about their ability to satisfy American regulators. The Deutsche Bank unit in the United States has failed twice in a row, and Santander three times. In this and previous years, the Fed has applied its tests only to parts of Santander and Deutsche Bank. These two banks, as well as other foreign banks, like Barclays, UBS and Credit Suisse, have large operations in the United States that have not undergone stress tests. But that will soon change. The large foreign banks now have to organize their American operations into a single “intermediate holding company. ” Next year, the Fed will do a trial test of these entities and keep the results private. But in 2018, these large holding companies will be subjected to   tests, and the results will be made public. Failing those stress tests would be much more of a blow to Deutsche Bank and Santander than the hit they took on Wednesday. A Fed official said on Wednesday that all the big banks had been making progress but that Deutsche Bank and Santander still needed to make significant improvements. In a statement, Scott Powell, the chief executive of Santander Holdings USA, said, “We are financially sound. These results do not affect our ability to serve our customers. ” Deutsche Bank also emphasized that even though its American unit had failed the test, it still had adequate capital. “We appreciate the Federal Reserve’s recognition of our progress, and we will implement the lessons learned this year in order to strengthen our capital planning process,” Bill Woodley, deputy chief executive of Deutsche Bank Americas said in a statement.",0
11312,DELINGPOLE: Tom Steyer Is In So Deep With The Russians They Should Call Him ’Impaled by Vlad’,"Liberal   Tom “Rhymes With Liar” Steyer has been ranting on Twitter about Donald Trump and the Russians. [Here’s his latest smear job:  Is there anyone in this Administration who did not have contact with the Russians? #Trumprussia,  —   Tom Steyer (@TomSteyer) March 2, 2017,  In the late 1990s and early 2000s Farallon was involved in illicit attempts to capitalize on the economic liberalization of the former Soviet Union country. The U. S. Agency of International Development (USAID) formed an agreement with Harvard University’s Institute of International Development (HIID) in the   to guide the former Soviet Union country towards a market economy. Harvard economist Andrei Shleifer and Jonathan Hay, a top HIID advisor, were the two officials charged with spearheading the project. Shleifer and Hay advised the Russian government on the privatization of more than 200, 000 corporations, the issuance of government debt, and the construction of financial institutions to integrate the nation into the global economy. The two HIID officials were privy to vast inside knowledge of the restructuring of the Russian economy. The U. S. government would later charge them both with using that knowledge to enrich themselves, in violation of USAID    agreements. Harvard would eventually shutter the HIID following the scandal. Farallon provided the investment vehicle for a number of those schemes and was also the target of legal action by the U. S. government for its role. Steyer’s subsequent embrace of all things environmental is widely seen by those familiar with his modus operandi as a way of cynically greenwashing his murky fossil fuel past, while simultaneously leaping aboard the lucrative “clean energy” gravy train. It also happens to align with the interests of his Russian pals. Russia is a petro economy highly reliant on its oil and gas revenues. As we learned from Wikileak documents of secret meetings held by Hillary Clinton,   businesses have reportedly funneled millions to   organisations in the US in order to protect its business interests. A U. S. Senate Environment and Public Works Committee report in 2014 exposed the Sea Change Foundation for its major funding from Klein Ltd, a   shell corporation run by executives with strong ties to longtime Putin friend Leonid Reiman, Russia’s   oil giant Rosneft and Russian energy investment groups including Firebird New Russia Fund and Vimpelcom Ltd. Klein Ltd. has reportedly funneled $23 million to Sea Change. In the period 1997 to 2015, Sea Change donated more than $64. 8 million to the Energy Foundation, a “ ” financing organization to which Steyer’s Tomkat Charitable Trust donated $4, 150, 000. Th Energy Foundation has disbursed to other   groups, including the Blue Green Alliance Foundation, Environmental Defense Fund, the Rockefeller Family Fund and many others.  If Tom Steyer really now feels so very strongly about the evils of the Russians, maybe he should consider giving away the $1. 5 billion fortune he made from sucking up to them. This post has been updated since publication. CORRECTION: A previous version of the article incorrectly stated “Klein Ltd. in 2011 funneled more than $43 million to   groups. ” ",0
11313,A New York Philharmonic Coup: Deborah Borda Is Named the New Leader - The New York Times,"It is the oldest symphony orchestra in the United States, led by giants like Mahler, Toscanini and Bernstein, but the New York Philharmonic’s recent struggles have sent shudders through audiences, donors and power brokers across the classical music world. It has run deficits for most of this century. It is sometimes treated as an afterthought amid the rich cultural offerings of New York. And during the past two months, it reached a crisis point: An exodus of top executives threatened the Philharmonic’s ability to raise hundreds of millions of dollars for the   renovation of its drab Lincoln Center home, and left a vacuum just as the orchestra needs to plan the introduction of its next music director, Jaap van Zweden, in 2018. So it was nothing short of a coup for the troubled Philharmonic to announce on Wednesday that it had poached one of the most successful arts administrators in the nation to become its next president and chief executive officer: Deborah Borda, who helped make the Los Angeles Philharmonic the envy of the orchestra world during her 17 years at its helm. It will be a homecoming of sorts for Ms. Borda, 67, who ran the New York Philharmonic in the 1990s. “You know, the New York Philharmonic is a critical institution in this country, and when things aren’t going smoothly at the New York Philharmonic everybody notices,” Ms. Borda said in an interview. “Any challenge is really an opportunity. And there are big challenges  —   I don’t deny those  —   but those are great opportunities. ” Ms. Borda’s achievements in Los Angeles read like a   list for New York. She ushered the orchestra into its new home, the popular Frank   Walt Disney Concert Hall. She bolstered the orchestra’s shaky finances and proved herself a prodigious   more than quintupling the endowment to $276 million this year. She signed Gustavo Dudamel as its music director when he was still in his 20s, and helped make him an international star. And she deepened the orchestra’s ties to its city while helping it earn a reputation for artistic  . Oscar S. Schafer, chairman of the New York Philharmonic’s board, said there was universal agreement that she would be ideal for the post after Matthew VanBesien, the orchestra’s president, announced in January that he was leaving. But few thought she could be lured back to the orchestra she left almost two decades ago. The turning point, Mr. Schafer said, came after New York’s incoming music director, Mr. van Zweden, proposed flying to Los Angeles with him last month to woo her in person. The three met in a booth at the Polo Lounge in Beverly Hills. “Halfway through the dinner, Jaap reached out, took her hand, and said, ‘What will it take to get you? ’” Mr. Schafer recalled. Mr. van Zweden said in a telephone interview that “if there is anybody in the world who knows how to manage an orchestra, it is her  —   and more important, how to reach the public, how to make a connection with the city. ” Orchestra management has become increasingly difficult. Its challenges include selling tickets as the old model of marketing subscriptions to a season’s worth of concerts is dying out raising the donations that make up an ever larger share of orchestra budgets dealing with rising labor costs and musicians protected by powerful unions and forging connections with audiences as classical music is marginalized. The New York Philharmonic’s difficulties are particularly acute. It has run deficits every year since its   season. Its endowment is worth less than it was when Ms. Borda ran the orchestra in the 1990s, partly because the Philharmonic has dipped into it in recent years for budget needs. The fund was valued at $183 million at the start of the   season, down from $210 million in 1999. Even the   renovation of David Geffen Hall poses danger: The Philharmonic will need to perform away from its home for two seasons during construction, risking the loss of even more subscribers. Joseph W. Polisi, president of the Juilliard School, said he had grown “very concerned” about the Philharmonic’s ability to navigate its challenges without strong administrative leadership. The hiring of Ms. Borda reassured him. “This certainly made me take a   turn,” he said. Mr. Schafer  —   who had also bonded with Ms. Borda over lunch at Le Bernardin and on the dance floor at a mutual friend’s party  —   said that it was only fitting that she come back to New York. “It was bashert,” he said, using a Yiddish word that means “destiny,” or “meant to be. ” It will be a return to a familiar world stage for Ms. Borda, a native New Yorker. When she ran the Philharmonic the first time around, she developed a reputation for bold leadership, starting innovative programs, including short   concerts, to appeal to changing audience habits. But she also clashed with the orchestra’s music director at the time, Kurt Masur, and her tenure included tensions with some players as well. When The New York Times asked Mr. Masur in 1996 about their disagreements, he said that he had “learned to live with the Stasi,” referring to the secret police in East Germany. Coming home will allow her to live in the same city as her partner, Coralie Toevs, the assistant general manager for development at the Metropolitan Opera. Asked if they would find themselves fishing in the same pond for donations from music lovers, Ms. Borda contended that there was relatively little overlap between fans of the symphony and of the opera. “I think we can sort it out,” she said. Many orchestras have dealt with recent fiscal pressures by trying to cut expenses, often leading to labor strife. But Ms. Borda suggested that she would seek a different path. “When an institution is in trouble, you cannot cut your way to health,” she said, adding that she would develop a plan to balance the budget in two or three years. She has balanced the budget in Los Angeles every year since 2004, she said. Since her arrival, the annual budget in Los Angeles has risen to $120 million, the biggest in the nation, from $46 million the base pay of its musicians has grown to $154, 000 a year, among the highest in the nation and its endowment is valued at $276 million, up from $50 million before she arrived. She also became one of the   arts administrators in the nation: The orchestra’s 2015 tax filings show that she made $1. 7 million in total compensation and benefits that year, more than twice what Mr. VanBesien made in New York. She declined to say how much she will be paid in New York. Her departure comes as Los Angeles prepares for its   centennial season, but several board members there said planning was already underway. David C. Bohnett, a board member who donated $20 million to the orchestra in 2014  —   half to endow the president’s position  —   said Ms. Borda would be missed. “I think we all knew this day would come,” he said. “I think we were hoping it wouldn’t come now. ” Ms. Borda has already negotiated a notable change in the management structure in New York. She will assume the new post of president and chief executive officer in September and has a   contract with an evergreen clause allowing it to be renewed. And she is tapping Bill Thomas, the orchestra’s chief operating officer, to serve as its executive director. She said that he would oversee internal    operations for the orchestra while she focuses on broader issues. She seemed to relish her da capo return to New York. “There will be challenges,” she said. “It’s uphill  —   but it’s doable. ”",0
11314,MIND-BLOWING LIVE Facebook POLL comments show Trump winning 95%! (90k comments+) … This is PROOF we need if election is rigged.,"MIND-BLOWING LIVE Facebook POLL comments show Trump winning 95%! (90k comments+) … This is PROOF we need if election is rigged. by IWB · October 27, 2016 Tweet 
Another Facebook poll showing Trump winning 90% of votes, 90,000 comments — look at these comments, stunning — from all over the country. Unbiased poll… I have yet to see Hillary produce ANY Facebook poll where she wins. 
This coincides with the other 500,000 FB comment poll posted on GLP a while back, also showing Trump winning 90% of comments: 


Minnesota’s 8th District – traditionally Democrat working class 
The eighth Congressional District of Minnesota is a working class area in Eastern Minnesota. It has voted for a Democrat in the last four Presidential elections. It has a Democrat Congressman and will likely be the most expensive Congressional race this year. 
Usually, a Democrat Presidential candidate would win. But a recent poll held a shock: 
Donald Trump is up 12 points! 
And more: Trump is winning among women. And the Democrat Party is losing members. They’re becoming Independents. 
What The Data Says did this analysis of the Eighth Congressional District of Minnesota: 
– Trump is beating Hillary by 12 points: “Our poll shows Republican Donald Trump with a 12-point lead over Clinton, 47 percent to 35 percent“ – Trump is winning with women: “leading Clinton 41 percent to 39 percent.” – Dems are crossing over: “the number of Democrats dropped from 34 percent in 2014 to 27 percent in 2016. The number of independents jumped from 31 percent two years ago to 41 percent this year.“ 
WHY CAN’T HILLARY PRODUCE ANYTHING CLOSE TO A WINNING FACEBOOK COMMENT POLL? 
AMISH VOTERS Rally for DONALD TRUMP in Pennsylvania (VIDEO) thousands in the rain for Trump rally…incl Amish!Lancaster Co., PA pic.twitter.com/pB7XaMAsV2 
— Chris Pontius (@cpFNC) October 1, 2016 AMISH COME OUT FOR TRUMP IN PA. GOD BLESS TRUMP!!! pic.twitter.com/hAAypaL6PV",0
11315,"The Greatest Mass Murderers of all Time were Jews, says Jewish Columnist","114 Views Share: In 2006, a remarkable article—and admission—appeared in the Israeli news source Ynet News. Titled “ Stalin’s Jews ” and written by Jewish columnist Sever Plocker, this piece confirmed that terrible crimes which Jewish Communists had committed under Stalin. “We must not forget that some of greatest murderers of modern times were Jewish,” Plocker started out by saying. He went on to make a number of startling confessions: “Here’s a particularly forlorn historical date: Almost 90 years ago, between the 19th and 20th of December 1917, in the midst of the Bolshevik revolution and civil war, Lenin signed a decree calling for the establishment of The All-Russian Extraordinary Commission for Combating Counter-Revolution and Sabotage, also known as Cheka. “Within a short period of time, Cheka became the largest and cruelest state security organization. Its organizational structure was changed every few years, as were its names: From Cheka to GPU, later to NKVD, and later to KGB. “We cannot know with certainty the number of deaths Cheka was responsible for in its various manifestations, but the number is surely at least 20 million, including victims of the forced collectivization, the hunger, large purges, expulsions, banishments, executions, and mass death at Gulags. “Whole population strata were eliminated: Independent farmers, ethnic minorities, members of the bourgeoisie, senior officers, intellectuals, artists, labor movement activists, “opposition members” who were defined completely randomly, and countless members of the Communist party itself. “In his new, highly praised book The War of the World, Historian Niall Ferguson writes that no revolution in the history of mankind devoured its children with the same unrestrained appetite as did the Soviet revolution. In his book on the Stalinist purges, Tel Aviv University’s Dr. Igal Halfin writes that Stalinist violence was unique in that it was directed internally. “Lenin, Stalin, and their successors could not have carried out their deeds without wide-scale cooperation of disciplined ‘terror officials,’ cruel interrogators, snitches, executioners, guards, judges, perverts, and many bleeding hearts who were members of the progressive Western Left and were deceived by the Soviet regime of horror and even provided it with a kosher certificate. “And us, the Jews? An Israeli student finishes high school without ever hearing the name Genrikh Yagoda, the greatest Jewish murderer of the 20th Century, the GPU’s deputy commander and the founder and commander of the NKVD. “Yagoda diligently implemented Stalin’s collectivization orders and is responsible for the deaths of at least 10 million people. “His Jewish deputies established and managed the Gulag system. After Stalin no longer viewed him favorably, Yagoda was demoted and executed, and was replaced as chief hangman in 1936 by Yezhov, the “bloodthirsty dwarf.” The Jew Genrikh Yagoda, director of the NKVD, the Soviet Union’s Stalin-era security and intelligence agency. “Yezhov was not Jewish but was blessed with an active Jewish wife. In his book Stalin: Court of the Red Star, Jewish historian Sebag Montefiore writes that during the darkest period of terror, when the Communist killing machine worked in full force, Stalin was surrounded by beautiful, young Jewish women. “Stalin’s close associates and loyalists included member of the Central Committee and Politburo Lazar Kaganovich. Montefiore characterizes him as the “first Stalinist” and adds that those starving to death in Ukraine, an unparalleled tragedy in the history of human kind, did not move Kaganovich. “Many Jews sold their soul to the devil of the Communist revolution and have blood on their hands for eternity. We’ll mention just one more: Leonid Reichman, head of the NKVD’s special department and the organization’s chief interrogator, who was a particularly cruel sadist. Yagoda (center) inspecting the construction of the Moscow-Volga canal, built by slave labor from the Gulags. “In 1934, according to published statistics, 38.5 percent of those holding the most senior posts in the Soviet security apparatuses were of Jewish origin. Even if we deny it, we cannot escape the Jewishness of ‘our hangmen,’ who served the Red Terror with loyalty and dedication from its esta blishment. After all, others will always remind us of their origin.” The Gulags: Jewish-Run Concentration Camps As mentioned above, the infamous Soviet Gulags were under the direct control of the Jew Yagoda. He was not the only such Jew involved in the running of these camps, in which millions were interned and nearly 1.4 million died. The most famous revelation about the Jewish nature of the Gulags was that of famous dissident Alexander Solzhenitsyn. Speaking from personal experience as a Gulag prisoner, Solzhenitsyn gave a candid account of Jews in charge of the Soviet prison camps in his book, Two Hundred Years Together. According to his observations, Jews made up a clear preponderance in the Gulag administration and in the early Bolshevist government, saying that of the 22 ministers in the first Soviet government three were Russian, one Georgian, one Armenian and 17 were Jews. In addition, he points out, from personal experience once again, that “two thirds of the Kiev Cheka” (secret police) were Jews. In 1937, another book appeared in Germany called Jewish-Run Concentration Camps in the Soviet Union, which revealed that Communist Jews were the commandants of 11 out of the 12 main Gulags.",0
11316,ALERT: Former Soros Associate Just Warned This Is Going To Send The World Into Total Chaos,"31 Views November 07, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
As investors await the outcome of tomorrow’s election, a former associate of George Soros just warned King World News about what is going “to send the world into total chaos .” 
Victor Sperandeo manages over $3 billion, has been in the business 45 years, and has worked with famous individuals such as Leon Cooperman and George Soros. Below is what Sperandeo had to say . 
Victor Sperandeo: “The days of low interest rates are over. This is very important for people to understand, Eric. There will be no more lowering of interest rates and QEs… IMPORTANT: To find out which company the richest man in China has invested in, one that Rick Rule and Sprott Asset Management are pounding the table on that is quickly being recognized as one of the greatest investment opportunities in the world – CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
Victor Sperandeo continues: “There is still some leftover QE. England and the EU still have some but once that is over, that’s it. That game is finished. It didn’t work. So they are now going to fiscal policy and infrastructure spending because they believe this will keep them in power. 
With that said, last week Larry Summers said the Fed has to give up their independence. He said the Treasury has to effectively sell to the Fed and the Fed will print the money and return it to the Treasury. And so he backed up what Rosenberg was saying about the multi-trillion dollar scheme. Eric, this is pure printing of money, but t he theory is that because people don’t directly get that money, it won’t create hyperinflation. But when this begins, this will be the beginning of when serious inflation will come back. 
The Beginning Of The End Of The U.S. Dollar I don’t believe this will work in the United States if Trump wins. If Hillary wins it is 100 percent guaranteed that it is going to be implemented. If this does happen you will get a huge amount of government spending that is going to juice the economy. But it will be the prelude to hyperinflation. So that is going to be the coming world event that will be the beginning of the end for the U.S. dollar. 
And if you remember, gold was the hedge against serious inflation in the 1970s (see remarkable chart below). 
In fact, from 1970 to 1980 gold compounded at a staggering 31.5 percent a year! I have never seen anything compound over a 10-year period at that rate. That’s astronomical. Just to put that in perspective, if gold went to $10,000 today it would only have compounded 22 percent over that same time frame. 
A World In Total Chaos And yet when you look at what is happening today, we have a global depression with the banking system blowing up. Look at Deutsche Bank, it has $46 trillion in derivatives and the bank is only valued at $18 billion. That is insane (laughter). Regardless, gold will act as a hedge and the price of gold will skyrocket because paper will be printed to the point where it’s worthless. And as the hyperinflation unfolds, it will send the world into total chaos and people need to be prepared for that.” 
  Look At What Is Unfolding In China And Other Key Regions Right Now  ",0
11317,For the Spotlight? Ryan Lochte Was Ready to Do Anything - The New York Times,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   In 2008, one of the swimmers poised to foil Michael Phelps’s bid for a record eight Olympic gold medals was his American teammate Ryan Lochte, who was competing against Phelps in the individual medley events. While Phelps adhered to a regimented existence in the athletes’ village in Beijing, Lochte made himself sick gorging on free Big Macs. After finishing a distant third to Phelps in the 400 I. M. their opening event, Lochte did not mind if all the world’s news media knew about his   folly, speaking of it openly. His Everyman behavior and his eccentricities, which extended to his 1970s   wardrobe and his    vocabulary, made Lochte stand out. That   personality, such a big part of his commercial appeal, has landed him in trouble with the Brazilian police, who could charge Lochte and another American swimmer, Jimmy Feigen, with providing false testimony about a crime. While not as acclaimed as Phelps, Lochte has been intertwined with him. The story of Phelps, the most decorated Olympic athlete of all time, with 28 medals, including 23 golds, cannot be told without Lochte, the   decorated American male Olympian, with 12 medals, including six golds. For over a dozen years, their careers and personalities have been flip sides of an Olympic medal. Lochte is as spontaneous as Phelps is serious, coming across as the cutup to Phelps’s cutthroat competitor. In contrast to Phelps’s stony scowl, Lochte sometimes smiled and revealed   grilles. Though roughly 11 months older than Phelps, Lochte, 32, has contented himself with being a follower and with letting Phelps lead. They are separated by slivers of time in the pool, but the gulf between them in their personal lives is yawning. On the   night that Lochte chose to go out partying with teammates, Phelps also left the athletes’ village. He spent the night at a hotel with his fiancée, Nicole Johnson, whom he helped with diaper duty for their    son, Boomer. Before the Games began, Lochte spoke in wistful tones of wanting to start a family. He sounded like he was on surer footing when he spoke of an imminent move to Los Angeles, a city big enough for his outsize celebrity ambitions. If Phelps’s dreams revolved around surpassing Mark Spitz, Lochte would appear to have set his sights on becoming the next Ryan Seacrest. Though he could seldom match Phelps’s results, Lochte nevertheless has enjoyed a long reign as the public’s champion, providing the ballast with his   nature for Phelps’s   efficiency. During the years when Phelps dutifully trained every day, including Sunday, Lochte missed time because of injuries sustained riding a motor scooter,   and falling off a skateboard. Gregg Troy, the University of Florida men’s and women’s coach who oversaw Lochte’s training through 2012, said five years ago: “I’m dealing with a    man who lives on the edge a little bit. If you do anything other than allow him to be himself, he’s not going to be the same athlete. ” Lochte made his Olympic debut in Athens in 2004 shortly after his 20th birthday, competing in the same events that he did in these Rio Games: the   freestyle relay and the 200 individual medley. He finished second in the I. M. behind Phelps, a result that would become a template for the next decade. Between 2004 and 2012, as Phelps was establishing his legacy, Lochte luxuriated in the limelight that stretched to include him because he was at once Phelps’s truest competitor and his most consistent foil. They raced in the Olympics in six individual finals, most recently in the 200 I. M. last week, and five times Lochte finished behind Phelps. The exception was the 400 I. M. at the 2012 Olympics, where Lochte captured the gold and Phelps finished fourth. In contrast to Phelps, whose blinkered focus could be   Lochte came across as accessible. It was as if the swimming world could be divided into two camps: children who envisioned growing up to be like Phelps, and their parents, who imagined what fun it would be to have a beer (or three) with Lochte. Mark Schubert, then the United States national team director, said in 2007, “I just think Ryan’s whole attitude toward the sport is so healthy. ” As long as there were no ripples, these surface personas of Michael the Machine and Ryan the Reveler shimmered, allowing Lochte to play Robin to Phelps’s Batman. Flawed as individuals, they were perfect as a pair. For all his focus, it is Phelps, not Lochte, who has twice been suspended by U. S. A. Swimming. In 2009, Phelps was suspended for three months after a photo appeared to show him smoking marijuana. In the fall of 2014, Phelps was arrested for the second time on charges of driving under the influence and entered inpatient treatment at a recovery center. He was suspended for six months and removed from the national team that competed in the 2015 World Championships in Kazan, Russia, in the final major tuneup before the Rio Games. Lochte’s   with the Brazilian police, also precipitated by heavy alcohol consumption, has caused an international incident that has overshadowed the second week of the Rio Games. He initially denied that anything had happened after he left a party early Sunday morning, only to say later that he and three teammates had been robbed at gunpoint by assailants posing as police officers. But by Thursday, Brazilian investigators said they had video evidence and witness testimony that Lochte’s account of the robbery was fabricated. The incident has given Lochte, who is back in the United States, a degree of fame that he never achieved as a swimming leading man or a reality TV star. After the London Olympics, Lochte lampooned his reputation by appearing on an episode of “30 Rock” as another character’s “sex idiot. ” He also signed on for the E! reality show “What Would Ryan Lochte Do?” The show failed to attract a large viewership, resulting in its cancellation in 2013 after one season. But Lochte has unwittingly found a huge audience with his   escapades here, as he departed the country and left behind three younger teammates to answer for their actions and millions of Olympic viewers clamoring to know, What did Lochte do? It is not the first time American swimmers have gotten into hot water at an Olympics. At the 1988 Seoul Games, Troy Dalbey and Doug Gjertsen, who each won two gold medals, were sent home after being arrested on charges of stealing a marble lion’s head from a hotel. The United States Olympic Committee, after a meeting of its executive board, ordered the pair dropped from the team and sent home. Dalbey was suspended by U. S. A. Swimming from national and international competition and team training camps for 18 months. Gjertsen was exonerated from any involvement in the theft but was suspended for three months. Unlike some nations’ team officials, U. S. A. Swimming did not set a curfew for swimmers of legal drinking age after the final night of competition. In a statement late Thursday night, the U. S. O. C. said, “The behavior of these athletes is not acceptable, nor does it represent the values of Team USA or the conduct of the vast majority of its members. We will further review the matter, and any potential consequences for the athletes, when we return to the United States. ” After failing to medal in his last event here, the 200 I. M. Lochte was asked if he intended to retire. He sidestepped the question, saying he just needed a mental and physical break from the rigors of training and competition. Given the suspensions that U. S. A. Swimming levied on Dalbey and Gjertsen, and more recently, Phelps, it is hard to imagine that he will not be forced out of the sport for some period of time. In a conversation with his family that was caught on camera during his reality show, Lochte said he envisioned a future in Los Angeles. “I see me being a designer, I see me being a model, I see me being a TV star,” Lochte said. He did corral the spotlight in Rio, just not the way he planned.",0
11318,"In Sight, Yet Elusive - The New York Times","Damon Winter is a staff photographer for The New York Times. He won a Pulitzer Prize in feature photography for his coverage of Barack Obama’s 2008 presidential campaign. The challenge for any photojournalist covering a modern presidential race is how to capture the essence of a candidate in such a tightly managed environment, when the campaign is trying to retain control over his or her public image. But no matter how restrictive the campaign, there are usually some opportunities to capture the small and revealing moments that occur in back rooms at rallies and during the grueling,   trips as the candidates court voters. These, traditionally, have been vital elements of campaign coverage, allowing us to produce a richer, more nuanced account. In the Trump campaign, there have been almost none. Until recently, the only vantage point from which we could photograph him was the “press pen,” an enclosure in the back of the room at his events, which offers only a   view. Mr. Trump doesn’t like to be photographed from behind, from the side or from below and, as a result, we have had little access to the areas closest to the stage. Photographers covering his campaign went weeks without seeing Mr. Trump interact with supporters on the rope line after his rallies. In the final weeks of the campaign, we have often been ushered out before he has finished his speech. In September, Mr. Trump left the traveling press corps behind as he made his way to a rally in New Hampshire, and gloated about it as he took the stage without us there. Despite the restrictions, I try my best to convey the tone and tenor of the campaign and capture a sense of Mr. Trump’s events, which can at times feel dark, both visually and in tone. At rallies, the press is routinely harassed by supporters and insulted by the candidate himself. I often hear racist and violent comments and see young children chanting, “Lock her up! Lock her up!”  —   referring to Hillary Clinton  —   alongside their parents. Near Milwaukee, a man leaned over the metal barricade separating us and whispered to me that if Mrs. Clinton were there, they would “rip her to pieces. ” Mr. Trump is a fascinating visual subject. He is instantly recognizable from almost any angle and any distance. His signature hair reflects more light than anything around him, making him stand out in any scene. This gives me latitude to be creative in how I cover him. He is also very expressive when he speaks, which can present a challenge: He makes grand gestures so often that they begin to lose any meaning or significance. For this reason, I often find myself drawn to his quieter moments. The first time Mr. Trump used a teleprompter, I photographed him staring directly through the words reflected in the transparent glass, straight into my lens. After months of criticizing his opponent for using one and getting himself into trouble with his    speeches, the candidate looked chagrined to rely on it. For all of the limits to our access on the trail, Mr. Trump agreed to sit for portraits with me on three occasions over the course of the campaign. During those sessions he was always cordial and mostly agreeable, but he had very firm ideas about how he wanted to be shown. My biggest challenge was getting past his standard repertoire of poses and the   that he seems to favor the most. At a shoot in his campaign headquarters, his staff members lent a hand and cheered him on as we tossed pounds of red and blue confetti over him. In one of the final frames, as the cheering stopped and he walked off the set through the last trickle of confetti, I saw Mr. Trump at a moment that captured a glimpse of what it feels like when the spotlight is gone and the party is over. I have found that the most telling portraits don’t always have to show a person’s face. A photo I took in Greensboro, N. C. showing Mr. Trump in front of a dimly lit American flag, with only a pointed finger and his iconic golden hair visible, is one of the most revealing portraits I have made of him  —   not just because of what is shown, but because of what is obscured. I was initially reluctant to cover another election, but I quickly realized that this year it was more important than ever to be out there with a vigilant, thoughtful and critical eye. As the restrictions on the press tightened, I felt it was my duty at every possible moment to subvert them, to find photographs that were honest and telling. Every situation, no matter how controlled, contrived or mundane, was an opportunity to make something real. I know that I can never explain the day’s news the way our writers do, but what I can do is help the reader feel what it is like to be there and to make pictures that have meaning beyond the objects in the frame. My role is not to make the candidate look good or make the crowds look impressive. My job is to tell the story.",0
11319,BOOM: Canada And Mexico Cave Ahead Of Trump Presidency: They Are Ready To Renegotiate NAFTA Trade Deal,"Well, that didn’t take long.
Just two days after Donald Trump was elected President of the United States, his purported fear-mongering rhetoric is already starting to pay dividends.
Trump ran on a platform of better trade deals and bringing jobs back to America and world leaders, despite their many outcries, were paying attention.
As Joe Joseph reports, both Mexico and Canada have agreed to re-negotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) signed under President Clinton.
You have the Canadian Prime Minister and his Mexican counterpart that are now saying, “hey buddies… hey United States… we want to renegotiate NAFTA.”
…Maybe, just maybe, we might actually have a little bit of justice… he hasn’t even taken the oath of office yet . 

",0
11320,British Police Making Terror Arrests on ’Near Daily Basis’,"The Senior National   for Counter Terrorism has confirmed that police are now making   arrests “on a near daily basis”. Meanwhile, a noted security expert has estimated the number of “committed Islamists” in the country is “between 6, 000 and 10, 000”. [Metropolitan Police Deputy Assistant Commissioner Neil Basu revealed the astonishing scale of the struggle to contain terrorism in a statement outside New Scotland Yard on Friday.  “I wanted to reassure the public that our increased activity to combat terrorism over the last two years continues,” he said. The statement came following an “extraordinary day” in which police apprehended a migrant carrying a rucksack filled with knives in Whitehall and, in a separate incident, shot a woman in a niqab in a raid to foil an “active plot” in Willesden. “Activity continues around the clock to identify and stop these threats,” said Basu, before his shocking admission that “we are making arrests on a near daily basis”. Latest on London counter terror operations https:  .   —   Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) April 28, 2017,  Mr. Basu added a tribute “to the bravery of my uniform and detective colleagues” having previously alluded to the “horrors in London” on 22 March, when a radicalised Muslim ran down several people in Westminster before stabbing Police Constable Keith Palmer to death. “There are constant acts of immense bravery by officers  —   armed and unarmed  —   those that the public see when our officers run towards danger, just like yesterday, but a huge amount of unseen work that the public will never know about from us and our brilliant security services. ” “We are all one big blue family”: 5, 000 cops pay respects to PC Keith Palmer https:  .  pic. twitter.   —     Belle Fever (@bellefever) April 12, 2017,  Meanwhile, the director of the Centre for Security and Intelligence Studies at the University of Buckingham, Anthony Glees, has estimated there may be “between 6, 000 and 10, 000” extremists in Britain. “About 1, 000 young British Muslims have left the freedom of the UK to travel to the Middle East and become murderous foot soldiers of Islamic State,” Gleeson wrote in the Daily Mail. “Of that large group, 400 are believed to have returned. Only a tiny fraction  —   fewer than ten  —   have ever been brought to justice for their treachery. ” To tackle the threat, Gleeson recommended the number of officers in the security services be expanded from 3, 800 to 10, 000, and that the “useless” Terrorism Prevention and Investigation Measures (TPIMs) which Theresa May introduced as home secretary, be dropped to make way for the return of Control Orders “in even tougher form”.",0
11321,Cal Poly State President Defends MILO’s Right to Speak on Campus - Breitbart,"Despite protests from progressive student activists, Cal Poly State University President Jeffrey Armstrong issued a memo defending Breitbart Senior Editor MILO’s right to speak on campus next week. [On Wednesday afternoon, Armstrong issued the following memo to the entire campus community:  Many of you have raised concerns about Milo Yiannopoulos, a guest speaker invited by the Cal Poly College Republicans club to present at Cal Poly on January 31, 2017. Several individuals who find Mr. Yiannopoulos’ comments offensive have contacted the university and demanded that he not be permitted to speak. To be clear, it is not the role of a public institution such as ours to endorse any position or decide who should or should not be allowed to appear on campus. Indeed, numerous guest speakers considered by many to be controversial or offensive have presented at our university throughout its history. Armstrong’s statement is true. In 2012, he also quietly dismissed those who were protesting conservative commentator Ann Coulter’s right to speak on campus. Challenging the “safe space” rhetoric of his counterparts, Armstrong continued to emphasize that “Public universities such as Cal Poly represent communities where the free exchange of opposing ideas is both encouraged and necessary. ” “It is, in fact, the university’s responsibility to support the rights of all people to express their opinions and ideas  —   regardless of how unpopular they may be  —   while also encouraging students to think critically and independently,” he explained. “It is only in this environment that students hone the ability to consider a spectrum of information and reach informed and intelligent conclusions. ” “The real danger is not the expression of controversial voices  —   it is censorship and the restriction of free speech,” continued Armstrong. “Freedom of speech is a foundational tenet of higher education and a functional democracy. It does not allow for the suppression of viewpoints based upon popularity or individual perspectives. Rather, open expression of a diversity of ideas and opinions  —   including those we may not agree with  —   ensures rich discussion, debate and critical thought. ” “Protecting freedom of speech is not an option,” Armstrong concluded. “[I]t is a critical responsibility that the university, and all of us as members of a democratic society, must defend. ”",0
11322,Santa Monica Cuts Ties with Wells Fargo over Pipeline - Breitbart,"SANTA MONICA  —   The coastal town known affectionately  —   or pejoratively  —   as the People’s Republic of Santa Monica has decided to cut ties with Wells Fargo bank over its involvement in the Dakota Access pipeline, LAist. com reports. [The pipeline was the target of protests earlier this winter, when   group camped out in the cold to obstruct construction at the site. Protesters claimed that the pipeline disturbed Native American sites and posed an environmental risk.  In a an article favorable to the protesters, the Santa Monica Daily Press noted: Native Americans who live on the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation say the pipeline threatens their sacred lands and water supply.   …     The motion for Santa Monica to change banks came from Councilmembers Tony Vazquez and Terry O’Day. “If you’re paying any attention to national media today or in fact global, you know one of the most symbolic fights for our future is happening at Standing Rock over the Dakota Access Pipeline,” O’Day said. “It is a fight over sovereignty and respect for native people. It is a fight over the respect of humanity and the future of humanity. ” The article did not note that the pipeline does not, in fact, cross Native American land, and that other pipelines already cross underneath the water sources supposedly threatened by the pipeline’s slated route. Santa Monica currently uses Wells Fargo to handle some $1 billion in city transactions. The bank has also contributed nearly $1 million to local   LAist. com notes. In one of his final acts as president, Barack Obama halted the construction of the pipeline. President Donald Trump signed an executive order resuming construction in his first week in office. Other   cities have similarly cut ties with Wells Fargo over the pipeline. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
11323,"On Same Day : Obama Throws Top US Marine General In Jail, Then Allows ISIS Leader To Escape","An absolutely shocking Ministry of Defense report circulating in the Kremlin today says that the Obama regime, yesterday, announced that it was preparing to jail one of the United States top military leaders, General James Cartwright, for up to 5 years. 
Via AlternativeNews 
President Obama is interviewed by NPR’s Steve Inskeep at the White House on Monday.
While at the exact same time, President Obama personally ordered thousands of Islamic State ISIS terrorists freed, including their leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, from the Levant War Zone city of Mosul, Iraq. [ Note: Some words and/or phrases appearing in quotes in this report are English language approximations of Russian words/phrases having no exact counterpart.]
Please Scroll Down For Video Below! According to this report, General Cartwright, a four-star American Marine general and formerly the second-ranking officer in the entire US military, was forced by the Obama regime to plead guilty in a US Federal Court, on 17 October, for the crime of speaking to the internationally respected foreign policy reporter David Sanger.
General Cartwright’s talks with this reporter, this report explains, involved the Obama regimes secret, and deadly, deployment of the most dangerous computer virus ever created named Stuxnet—and that Sanger detailed in his book Confront and Conceal: Obama’s Secret Wars and Surprising Use of American Power that painted an unsettling picture of a White House perplexed by Afghanistan, confused by the dilemma of humanitarian intervention, and thrown off balance by the Arab Spring.

US Marine 4-Star General James Cartwright 
After the 2012 publication of Sanger’s book revealing for the first time the many war crimes committed by the Nobel Peace Prize winning President Obama, this report continues, the Obama regime retroactively classified everything General Cartwright had told to Sanger (and that affected Hillary Clinton too, but who wasn’t charged), and then promptly filed charges against him for lying to US federal investigators—and that with his guilty plea now puts him at risk of serving 5 years in prison and having to pay a $250,000 fine.
At the exact same time General Cartwright was standing in a US Federal Court watching the Obama regime destroy his life and reputation yesterday, this report astonishingly details, President Obama ordered US military forces to allow an estimated 9,000 Islamic State terrorists to escape from Mosul that was authorized by a “ deal/agreement ” he had made with Saudi Arabia—and that just hours ago Foreign Minister Lavrov responded against by warning the Americans that if these fighters are allowed to leave Mosul and go to Syria, Russia would make “ the appropriate military and political decisions ”.
And of these 9,000 Islamic State terrorists President Obama is allowing to escape from Mosul, this report grimly states, is their terror leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi—who just minutes prior to the US-led attack on Mosul beginning yesterday, was “ magically whisked ” to safety.

ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi (left) and President Obama (right) 
MoD experts writing in this report note that President Obama’s “ fantasy strategy ” of defeating these Islamic State terrorists by allowing them and their leader to escape the battlefield makes no logical military sense at all—unless, of course, the Obama regime, and its Saudi Arabian and Qatar allies (who Hillary Clinton secretly admitted were funding these barbarians), never planned on defeating them in the first place.
Being called by the American military as Operation Inherent Resolve , this report continues, the Obama regimes “ make-believe/pretend ” battle to defeat ISIS terrorists in Mosul began yesterday (17 October) and is being led by over 6,000 US troops [the Pentagon still refuses to admit exactly how many thousands of US troops are really in Iraq and Syria] backed by Australian troops rushed to the war zone (9.45 a.m. IST bulletin)—but whose true “ aim/goal ”, some experts claim, is a “ secret terror deal ” between the US and Saudi Arabia to allow these barbarians [who have already killed over 33,000 people worldwide ] to go to Syria so that they can kill Russian soldiers.

Standing ready to defeat this Obama-Saudi Arabian “master plan” to unleash these Islamic State terrorists on Russian troops in Syria, however, this report notes, are the 100,000 estimated Iranian-backed Shiite forces who are making ready to destroy these barbarians during their “planned and protected” US escape.
To the consequences of the failure of President Obama’s and Saudi Arabia’s “master plan” for their ISIS terrorists, this report continues, Israeli intelligence officials are now warning that these Shiite militias loyal to Iran will not take part in the fighting to liberate Mosul, but will be stationed to the west, where they will block ISIS attempts to flee to their Syrian stronghold of Raqqa, and from there, these militia fighters will be able to move ahead Tehran’s secret project of forging a path to the Mediterranean through Iraq and Syria—and that, interestingly, US president candidate Donald Trump’s top military advisor, Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, concurred with yesterday by his, likewise, warning that Iran will be the real winner when the Iraqi city of Mosul is taken back from the Islamic State.

To the American people being allowed to know the “ horrid truth ” of the Obama-Clinton-Saudi Arabia-Qatar “ cabal of evil ” destroying the Middle East, this report says, continues to be nearly non-existent as the mainstream American reporters who are supposed to be telling these people truthful facts, are, instead, showering Hillary Clinton with money, while at the same suppressing from the public their knowledge of her many crimes proven by Wikileaks—and that, astonishingly, CNN reporter Chris Cuomo proved by blatantly lying to the American people this week falsely telling them it was illegal for them to read Hillary Clinton’s secret Wikileaks emails—with him further lying and saying that journalists, like him, were allowed to read them, so people should listen to him, not what they can see (and prove) for themselves.
With General Cartwright now facing years in prison for a “ made-up/pretend ” Obama regime crime, while the leader of ISIS is allowed to go free, this report concludes, one can only “ wonder in fear ” what the next Obama-Clinton outrage will be—but with President Putin’s patience “ fast running out ”, his previous warning to these Americans of World War III may be the only thing to stop this madness before the whole world is destroyed by these insane madmen, and woman.
",0
11324,How to Have a TRUE Democracy (VIDEO),"in: Conspiracy Corner , Government , Government Corruption , Multimedia , Sleuth Journal , Society , Special Interests I n ancient Greece, the proclaimed origin of “Democracy”, they had an incredible way of selecting public officials to serve in the government, and it was not by popular election. As admitted recently in a “tell-all” book written by a United States congressman, the vast majority of his time, an estimated 75% or more , is spent on raising money and votes for re -election. Subsequently, this only leaves a few scraps of time leftover for actually doing the job he was hired to do . Additionally, and even more importantly than wasting precious limited work time, in the process of campaigning and fundraising for his prized position, political favors and promises are made which compromise the integrity of his pledge to represent the “people”, rather than the rich and highly influential corporations, the latter of whom are the only ones with enough wealth capable of helping a congressman, senator, or president, get elected in the first place, and to whom they are now indebted to favor above the people when it comes to “ serving ” them, through enacting laws which end up favoring the rich few , rather than the meager majority , thusly turning this alleged “democracy” into an undeniable “oligarchy”, the exact opposite thereof. How did our “Democracy” get turned Upside-down? The wise old Greeks had a very simple solution to make sure that “public officials” had no political favors to return for getting into their prized positions. Can you guess what it was . . . ? There were no elections ! You might ask then, how were their representatives chosen ? By Lottery. The same way a jury is still selected to this very day. Surely, if it is fair for twelve citizens, chosen at random , to have power of life or death over a fellow countryman, and this is the very same methodology which the founders of “Democracy” used in selecting their “representatives” to best assure that there was no corruption , then this exact same technique can be used Today to assure that the governmental system is clean and free of “favor-returning” for attaining these highly coveted government positions. A few simple rules could be set in place for eligibility for the lottery, such as an age minimum of twenty-five years, the necessity of being born in the territory of the United States, and no felony convictions in the last seven years. All citizens who meet these modest requirements would be automatically put into the lottery for congress, and if they are chosen, have the right to decline. From among the group of four hundred thirty-five representatives chosen at random, just as a jury is today, to represent the citizens of our nation, these lottery selectees would then nominate from among themselves, by popular vote within this group, three persons for the office of President. Once these three candidates were chosen, and after a public debate process, there would be a national general election by the citizens of America, choosing the President from among these three candidates by the majority of popular national vote, with the Vice Presidency going to the second place winner. Each candidate would be given equal funds from the public treasury with which to campaign, such as fifty million dollars, and television stations, plus newspapers, would be required to freely give each candidate equal time and space in the election process with which to express their positions. A federal law could then be enacted to require that all positions of government, federal, state, county, and city, mayoral and governorship, be required to select themselves, by this same tried and true, and very fair method, of lottery . There could plainly be no purer or simpler way to assure that the “people” were actually being represented by the people than to choose such persons by lottery from among the People . There could also be a federal law enacted to set a term limit of ONE (five year) TERM , for any and all public offices. Thusly, a person could be sheriff once, major once, president once, with no need to repay favors for their election or re-election, as they were chosen at random, just like a jury, and would now be free to follow their conscious , rather than reimbursing favors to the influential rich minority who got them elected, in a system that is supposed to represent the common majority instead. Voila! Problem solved. I will discuss all this, and much more, in this week’s episode of Conspiracy Corner News . Just click on the Youtube Link Below to watch . . . – B rother B art- Donate Shop on Amazon by Clicking on the Button Below Bart Sibrel is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com When you want to Shop on Amazon, please come back to this page and Click on the Large Button above to visit the Amazon Homepage, or Copy and Paste the following url into your Browser’s Bookmarks as “Amazon” to Save for Future Shopping Use ( http://amzn.to/2bvcs9I ). Thank you!",0
11325,Is Brexit never gonna happen? 'Leaked' audio recording reveals Theresa May's 'true' fears about Brexit,"Wed, 26 Oct 2016 18:08 UTC © Peter Nicholls / Reuters Downing Street insists that the government will ""make a success"" of Brexit, despite a leaked audio recording of UK Prime Minister Theresa May predicting companies could abandon Britain if it leaves the EU. Speaking to a group of Goldman Sachs bankers on May 26 before the EU referendum, then-Home Secretary May said the economic arguments for remaining in the bloc were "" clear. "" In a leaked audio recording of the talk, published by the Guardian, May also claims membership in the EU makes Britain ""more safe."" ""Being part of a 500-million trading bloc is significant for us. I think, as I was saying to you a little earlier, that one of the issues is that a lot of people will invest here in the UK because it is the UK in Europe. ""If we were not in Europe, I think there would be firms and companies who would be looking to say, do they need to develop a mainland Europe presence rather than a UK presence? So I think there are definite benefits for us in economic terms."" May went on to say Britain was more secure inside the EU. ""There are definitely things we can do as members of the European Union that I think keep us more safe,"" she said. A Downing Street spokesman did not comment directly on the recording, but insisted Brexit is in the UK's best interests. ""Britain made a clear choice to vote to leave the EU and this Government is determined to make a success of the fresh opportunities it presents,"" he said. ""David Davis made very clear in the House of Commons last week the importance the Government places on financial services across the UK in the negotiation to come, as has the Chancellor in recent weeks. ""We want a smooth and orderly exit from the European Union, which would be in the interests of both Britain and the EU."" Labour politicians accused May of deceiving the British public over the impact of leaving the EU's single market and called on her to be ""honest."" Shadow Brexit Secretary Keir Starmer tweeted: Andrew Gwynne, shadow minister without portfolio, said: ""As if we needed it, this recording is cast-iron evidence of how Theresa May and other senior Tories have been saying one thing in private about the economic impact of Brexit and another in the comfort of Tory conference halls. ""It's plain that she recognises what a disaster it would be for Britain to lose access to the single market, so why doesn't she be honest with the British people and say how she plans to retain it?"" Comment: When it comes to leaks in the UK, where the press is very tightly controlled, it's a sure bet that the govt wanted the public to hear this. The 'long goodbye' continues.",0
11326,"Highway Horror: Mexican Cartel Kidnap, Murder Beer Delivery Men","SAN FERNANDO, Tamaulipas  —   The lack of security conditions along highways where drug cartels operate in this border state presents an image of impunity as two beer delivery men were robbed at gunpoint, kidnapped and executed while they were making their regular deliveries. [Days after their kidnapping, authorities found the remains of the two men in an area near the state limits between Tamaulipas and Nuevo Leon. Last week, a large group of friends and loved ones gathered for the funeral procession that accompanied the late Jose Alberto Torres Gomez and Rommel Guadalupe Cano Hernandez to their final resting places in this city.  According to the case file from the Tamaulipas Attorney General’s Office, the two beer distributors had left the San Fernando office of the Cerveceria Cuauhtemoc Moctezuma in order to make their delivery routes to the various rural communities in the region. It is believed that the employees had managed to sell and collect approximately $500, 000 pesos or a little less than $25, 000 USD, before they were kidnapped.  After the beer company filed a report for its missing employees, authorities began a search operation and were able to locate the delivery truck three days after the kidnapping in the town of General Bravo. The bodies of the two victims were found last week on the side of the road by the 30 kilometer marking on the highway that connects China, Nuevo Leon, with Mendez on the border of Tamaulipas.  The beer company claimed in its complaint that after the employees had left on their scheduled deliveries, they were last seen near the town of Mendez, Tamaulipas, where they are believed to have been kidnapped. The current motive appears to be the theft of the $500, 000 pesos from sales that the two employees are believed to have been carrying.  The border between Tamaulipas and Nuevo León is an area controlled by factions of various drug cartels who are also believed to have been responsible for hijacking tourist buses. In months prior, cartel members in that region had been stopping passenger buses to rob tourists and even to carry out various kidnappings. Most of the crimes remain unsolved. ",0
11327,Where to Be Single in New York - The New York Times,"There may be no such thing as an ideal neighborhood for single people, but even in this age of dating apps and websites, neighborhood continues to play a huge role in how, and whom, people choose to date. Whether one is striking up a conversation at a coffee shop or tallying up proximity points with a potential love interest, geography matters in large ways and small. Not fretting about an hourlong postdate commute allows drinks to turn into dinner, for instance. A bar filled with friends may bestow the confidence to initiate a conversation with a stranger, which in turn may lead to the confidence to approach some other stranger, at some other bar, on some other night. In a city as diverse as New York, a neighborhood where dating happens naturally can be difficult to find. And statistics may, like a pickup line, mislead. Dorothy Castillo found the prospect of moving to Manhattan enticing for any number of reasons. Not least of all because she assumed the city’s dating scene would be far superior to that of suburban Rockland County, N. Y. where she’d spent most of her life. “I thought, ‘This is going to be my golden ticket! I’m going to date all the time!’ ” recalled Ms. Castillo, 27, a   teacher who bought a studio apartment in Washington Heights two and a half years ago. “I was truly and honestly  —   I don’t know if this is naïve  —   but I was hoping to meet someone at the grocery store or walking down the street,” she said. Instead, meeting people in person was “near impossible,” she added. “And I consider myself a social person. ” Though not opposed to online dating, she felt out of place in   Washington Heights and found her forays to Midtown and Lower East Side bars disappointing, the men standoffish. Then one day, a friend texted her to come to happy hour at Rambling House, an Irish pub in the Woodlawn neighborhood of the Bronx. “The vibe was great  —   everyone was ready to have a good time and tell you their story,” she recalled. “I texted my mom and said, ‘I want to move to Woodlawn.’ Within a few weeks I was in a Realtor’s office. ” Last May, she did indeed move there, to a     she bought. And Woodlawn, a neighborhood filled with   and   houses as well as some brick apartment buildings, has proved unexpectedly welcoming to Ms. Castillo. “I love it here,” Ms. Castillo said. “There are a lot of young people here because it’s a fun place to live. I’d like to meet someone not in a bar, but I’m just enjoying my 20s, going on some crazy dates. ” In a similarly surprising corollary, a neighborhood with a high percentage of single people doesn’t necessarily translate into a good singles neighborhood. Between 2010 and 2014, Bensonhurst, Brooklyn, had a 36 percent increase in the number of single men (single being defined as a person aged 20 to 34 who has never been married) to 15, 121 from 11, 127, and a 31 percent increase in single women, to 12, 272 from 9, 361  —   one of the largest increases in the city, according to the census bureau’s American Community Survey. Based on that data, the New York City Economic Development Corporation declared the neighborhood “an attractive spot for all young singles” in 2014. Not everyone agrees. The area “is not such a good spot for single people,” said Mirsad Kadribasic, 41, an owner of La Bohème Lounge on Stillwell Avenue in Bensonhurst, which on a recent Friday night was   with couples smoking hookahs at velvet banquettes. “I’m a single person myself and I can’t meet anyone here. “It’s a   neighborhood. People go to work, go home, go to sleep. When people want to go out, they go elsewhere. It’s not like Park Slope, where people are hanging out all the time. ” Though it may be the envy of Bensonhurst, the Park Slope dating scene did not impress Robert DiBiase when he moved there from Washington, D. C. several years ago. The neighborhood had plenty of bars, conceded Mr. DiBiase, 42, an associate broker at Halstead Property, “but they were small and filled with locals, not people coming from Manhattan to hang out. ” The local bars were places where neighbors went to grab a beer and catch up, he said, not places to meet a potential mate. When his aging bulldog compelled him to trade his   for an elevator building, he seized on the opportunity and rented a   on the Lower East Side, a quick walk to local favorites like Stanton Social or Mr. Purple, the rooftop bar at the Hotel Indigo. Now he won’t date anyone who lives in Brooklyn. Or Queens. Or the Upper East Side, for that matter. He prefers to stay within blocks of home. “That’s what apps are for,” he said. “I’m so used to convenience living in New York. I don’t want an     obstacle just to grab a coffee. I don’t want to end up coming back at midnight on some train that stalls in the station because of an investigation. ” Nancy Slotnick, a dating coach, said that proximity was crucial for many single New Yorkers. “The first date is going to happen so much more easily if you’re in the same neighborhood,” she said. And for those hoping to meet in what her clients often refer to as “the natural way,” neighborhood can make all the difference, she said. Certainly, it did for her. One evening, she saw an attractive man at an event on the Upper West Side, where she lived, but she was too shy to approach. Afterward, she was standing on the sidewalk and he walked by again. Loath to let another opportunity pass, she caught his eye, smiled and struck up a conversation. She later found out that he had come into the cafe where she was an owner just the day before. He is now her husband. “Fate gave us another chance!” she said. “I know this sounds hokey, but you get a chance to cross paths with people and you often miss it,” she said. “When you’re in the same neighborhood you get that chance over and over again. ” But Michael J. Rosenfeld, a Stanford University sociology professor who researches how couples meet, said that meeting in the neighborhood, along with meeting through family, friends,   school and church, had declined since the 1990s, largely because of the rise of online dating. “Neighborhood still matters in lots of ways, at least for people who have a choice of where they live, which is not everybody,” he said. “But the ability to find single people to date in the neighborhood matters less than it used to. ” Natasha Zamor, 28, a paralegal who lives in Prospect Heights, Brooklyn, said that her neighborhood played almost no role in her dating life. While she enjoys going out with friends to bars by the Barclays Center  —   333 Lounge on Flatbush Avenue is a favorite  —   there’s nothing to tell you if the person you meet at a bar is someone “you want to invest your time in. ” Ms. Zamor’s mother, a nurse, and father, a psychiatrist, emphasized the importance of marrying a man whose education and aspirations were similar to her own. She likes that on dating apps like SoulSwipe, Tinder and Plenty of Fish you can easily find out where someone went to school, what he does for work, and where he lives  —   which she views as important indicators of compatibility. She says she dates “throughout the metro area. ” “I want someone I can communicate with and bring into my circle of friends. Someone who can be equal or better,” Ms. Zamor said, adding that, “unfortunately, this seems to create a standard that can never ever be met. ” Tara Atwood, 33, lived in Manhattan for 10 years after college, first on the Upper East Side, then in Midtown East. She worked in finance and dated “meatheads who wore baggy jeans ripped at the bottom and didn’t want to do anything but drink beer and watch football. ” After ending a   relationship with one such meathead, she left her job to go to business school and moved to 1 North Fourth, a luxury rental on the waterfront in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, which suits her perfectly. “It’s full of people who are  : creative,   educated, curious,” she said. “I would say 75 percent of the people are people you’d swipe right on. Living here has literally been like a live dating app. ” She and friends from the building have traveled to Tulum, Mexico, participated in a coed fantasy football league, gone on daylong bike trips and sweated through SoulCycle classes together. In Manhattan, she said, the men she met through apps would boast about being a top person at a place like Oracle, the   company. “Now I’m into the kind of guy with facial hair who wears a leather bracelet and goes salsa dancing,” she said. While finding one’s tribe may be the underpinning of dating success, certain factors make it more likely to happen in some places than others. Neighborhoods popular with singles tend to have comparatively affordable housing, convenience to transportation and a good assortment of bars and restaurants  —   think Astoria in Queens and Murray Hill and the East Village in Manhattan. Charles Conroy, a salesman for Citi Habitats, said that for his   clients who want to walk out the door into night life, he usually recommends the East Village. He recently found an apartment on Second Avenue and 10th Street for three men in their early 20s, one of whom broke up with his girlfriend so he could move in with his friends and “extend the college experience before moving in with girlfriends down the road. ” “His dating life has skyrocketed,” Mr. Conroy said. “He sends me texts all the time. ” Elie Seidman, the chief executive of OkCupid, an online dating site, said that while he believes that moving to New York might improve a person’s romantic odds, he didn’t believe there was “a magic neighborhood cure. ” Census data shows that neighborhoods with high concentrations of single women don’t often match up with those that have a lot of single men. The New York neighborhoods with the highest ratio of single women to single men, ages 20 to 34, are the Upper East Side (0. 6 men to every woman) Murray Hill (0. 68) the Upper West Side (0. 79) and Brownsville, Brooklyn (0. 8) according to 2014 data from the American Community Survey compiled by the city’s Economic Development Corporation. Neighborhoods with the highest percentages of single men tend to be immigrant communities, according to a researcher at the development corporation  —     Corona, Queens has the best odds for women in the city, with 1. 57 men to every woman Jackson   Corona is a close second at 1. 54 men to every woman. Not all of those men are looking for women  —   Jackson Heights has grown increasingly popular with gay men. The Upper West Side, some say, is the place to be if you’re a single Modern Orthodox Jew. “Really the only other place in the world as good for dating is Jerusalem,” said Curtis Goldstein, a salesman at Halstead. Newcomers quickly find themselves overwhelmed with invitations for Friday night Shabbat dinners, and synagogues vie to be the center of the scene, luring singles with snacks like kosher sushi and meatballs. “I’m a social butterfly, so I love it,” said Jessica Schechter, 29, an actress, director, producer and teacher who moved to the neighborhood in 2011. When she’s not dating someone, she said, she attends at least one neighborhood singles event a week. The dating scene is so frenetic, some people weary of it, including those who fail to meet someone despite what would appear to be every conceivable opportunity. “It can be hard, it can be draining. My roommate jokes about JOMO  —   the joy of missing out,” Ms. Schechter said. But the ceaseless courtship ritual has provided fodder for “Soon by You,” a web series she produces and acts in about dating in the community. For those who tire of the West Side, she added, there’s the smaller dating scene on the East Side. For some singles, less may be more. Dr. Carlos J. Huerta, 40, a dentist, moved to Hell’s Kitchen recently after nine years in the East Village. He left an apartment share to be closer to his   his friends and the practice he had just started. When he and his boyfriend broke up a short time later, he found himself single in the center of one of the city’s most vibrant gay dating scenes. “I loved the East Village. It felt serendipitous, like you could meet people from different walks of life,” Dr. Huerta said. “Hell’s Kitchen is so concentrated with eligible men,” he said. “How do you pick and choose?” He said he was glad that his rental building, Gotham West, is on 11th Avenue, because it affords some distance from the scene. Even so, he’s thinking about moving back downtown. “It’d just be nice to have to think about it a little less, to live in less of a concentrated dating pool,” he said. “To meet someone in more of a chance encounter. ”",0
11328,F.B.I. Director James Comey Recommends No Charges for Hillary Clinton on Email - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, on Tuesday recommended no criminal charges against Hillary Clinton for her handling of classified information while she was secretary of state, lifting an enormous legal cloud from her presidential campaign less than two hours before she boarded Air Force One for her first joint campaign appearance with President Obama. But on a day of political high drama in Washington, Mr. Comey rebuked Mrs. Clinton as being “extremely careless” in using a private email address and server. He raised questions about her judgment, contradicted statements she has made about her email practices, said it was possible that hostile foreign governments had gained access to her account, and declared that a person still employed by the government  —   Mrs. Clinton left the State Department in 2013  —   could have faced disciplinary action for doing what she did. To warrant a criminal charge, Mr. Comey said, there had to be evidence that Mrs. Clinton intentionally transmitted or willfully mishandled classified information. The F. B. I. found neither, and as a result, he said, “our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case. ” The Justice Department is highly likely to accept the F. B. I. ’s guidance, which a law enforcement official said also cleared three top aides of Mrs. Clinton who were implicated in the case: Jake Sullivan, Huma Abedin and Cheryl D. Mills. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said last week that she would accept the recommendation of the F. B. I. and career prosecutors in the case after a storm of criticism about an impromptu meeting between her and former President Bill Clinton on an airport tarmac in Phoenix. Mr. Comey’s   announcement, delivered with no advance warning only three days after his investigators interviewed Mrs. Clinton in the case, riveted official Washington and is likely to reverberate for the rest of the campaign. In offices across the capital, all eyes turned to television screens to hear the outcome of a yearlong investigation that could have thrown the 2016 presidential election into disarray and changed history. As Mr. Comey strode to the lectern at the F. B. I. headquarters at 11 a. m. Mrs. Clinton was waiting backstage a few blocks away to address the National Education Association. Her aides said she did not know what Mr. Comey was going to say. Five minutes into Mr. Comey’s remarks, and before he announced that the F. B. I. would not seek charges, a smiling Mrs. Clinton began her speech. By 2:45 p. m. she and Mr. Obama were descending the stairs of Air Force One for a campaign rally in Charlotte, N. C. while back in Washington the State Department spokesman, John Kirby, was fending off questions from reporters about what Mr. Comey described as the department’s lax security in handling classified information. White House officials said Mr. Obama also did not know about Mr. Comey’s plans ahead of time. The F. B. I. director said he did not coordinate the statement with the Justice Department or any other agency. “They do not know what I am about to say,” he declared. A Republican former federal prosecutor, Mr. Comey seemed at first to be laying the groundwork for some kind of legal charge. Speaking sternly, and in far more detail than he usually does, he listed several previously undisclosed findings from the F. B. I. ’s investigation: ■ Of 30, 000 emails Mrs. Clinton handed over to the State Department, 110 contained information that was classified at the time she sent or received them. Of those, Mr. Comey said, “a very small number” bore markings that identified them as classified. This finding is at odds with Mrs. Clinton’s repeated assertions that none of the emails were classified at the time she sent or received them. The F. B. I. did not disclose the topics of the classified emails, but a number of the 110 are believed to have involved drone strikes. ■ The F. B. I. discovered “several thousand”   emails that were not in the original trove of 30, 000 turned over by Mrs. Clinton to the State Department. Three of those contained information that agencies have concluded was classified, though Mr. Comey said he did not believe Mrs. Clinton deliberately deleted or withheld them from investigators. ■ In saying that it was “possible” that hostile foreign governments had gained access to Mrs. Clinton’s personal account, Mr. Comey noted that she used her mobile device extensively while traveling outside the United States, including trips “in the territory of sophisticated adversaries. ” ■ Mrs. Clinton used multiple private servers for her personal and government business, not just a single server at her home in New York that has been the focus of media reporting for more than a year. Her use of these servers  —   some of which were taken out of service and stored  —   made the F. B. I. ’s job enormously complicated as it struggled to put together, in Mr. Comey’s words, a jigsaw puzzle with “millions of email fragments” in it. Despite all that, Mr. Comey said the F. B. I. did not find that Mrs. Clinton’s conduct revealed “intentional misconduct or indications of disloyalty to the United States or efforts to obstruct justice. ” But a person in her position, he said, “should have known that an unclassified system was no place” for the emails she was sending. And he said it raised troubling questions about how the State Department handled classified information. The White House press secretary, Josh Earnest, declined to comment, except to say it was clear from Mr. Comey’s remarks that “they’ve looked at this in excruciating detail. ” Mr. Obama, he said, remained “enthusiastic” about Mrs. Clinton’s candidacy. The Clinton campaign clearly hoped that the announcement would bring to a close a saga that has haunted Mrs. Clinton since March 2015, when the existence of her personal email account surfaced. “We are pleased that the career officials handling this case have determined that no further action by the department is appropriate,” said the campaign’s spokesman, Brian Fallon. “As the secretary has long said, it was a mistake to use her personal email and she would not do it again. We are glad that this matter is now resolved. ” Republicans seized on Mr. Comey’s sharp criticism, saying it raised doubts about Mrs. Clinton’s fitness for high office. Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, asserted in a post on Twitter that David H. Petraeus, the former C. I. A. director, had been charged for doing far less than Mrs. Clinton, and the lack of charges showed that the system was “rigged. ” In fact, F. B. I. officials have long said that what Mr. Petraeus did  —   knowingly handing a diary with classified information to his biographer and lover, then lying about it to investigators  —   was worse than what Mrs. Clinton did. In the Petraeus case, the F. B. I. recommended a felony indictment, but the Justice Department allowed him to plead to a misdemeanor. The deal that Mr. Petraeus received shadowed Mrs. Clinton’s case from the start because it appeared to set a higher bar for bringing charges against her. “In looking back at our investigations into the mishandling or removal of classified information,” Mr. Comey said, “we cannot find a case that would support bringing criminal charges on these facts. ” Congressional Republicans swiftly called for the F. B. I. to release more details about its findings. “If it wants to avoid giving the impression that the F. B. I. was pulling punches,” said Senator Charles E. Grassley, the Republican chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, “the agency must now be more transparent than ever in releasing information. ” Speaker Paul D. Ryan was equally critical. “While I respect the professionals at the F. B. I. this announcement defies explanation,” he said in a Twitter post. “No one should be above the law. ” For an agency that seemed to be in no rush, the F. B. I. ’s investigation wrapped up quickly. By the time the investigators interviewed Mrs. Clinton in three and a half hours of questioning on Saturday, they had compiled months of findings. Mrs. Clinton appeared to say nothing to contradict what they had already discovered about how the private server was used, a law enforcement official said. The investigators then worked with Mr. Comey through the holiday weekend to review her testimony and determine whether there was any new information that might warrant criminal charges, law enforcement officials said. They found none. For weeks, F. B. I. agents expected the investigation would not yield charges. They shared Mr. Comey’s conclusion that Mrs. Clinton had showed poor judgment but that she had not committed a crime. In the spring, Mr. Comey declared that the campaign calendar would not dictate the pace of the investigation. But the Democratic National Convention begins on July 25 in Philadelphia, and F. B. I. officials did not want to be seen as influencing the outcome of the election after the nomination. Mr. Comey’s announcement was believed to be the first time that the F. B. I. had ever publicly disclosed its recommendations to the Justice Department about whether to charge someone in any   case, let alone a presidential candidate. His decision to announce the results of the investigation was made before the uproar over Ms. Lynch’s meeting with Mr. Clinton, according to a law enforcement official. He decided to make his findings public, the official said, because he wanted to make the F. B. I. ’s position clear before referring the case to the Justice Department. While the F. B. I. ’s recommendation spares Mrs. Clinton and her aides criminal charges, it does not remove the possibility that they could be denied security clearances if Mrs. Clinton is elected and she appoints them to jobs that require such clearance. The State Department plans to conduct its own administrative review after the Justice Department acts. “We don’t share the broad assessment made of our institution that there’s a lax culture here when it comes to protecting classified information,” said Mr. Kirby, the State Department spokesman. “We take it very, very seriously. ”",0
11329,Alarming Rise in Palestinian Attacks Since UN Anti-Israel Resolution - Breitbart,"TEL AVIV  —   Israeli defense officials here have noted a sharp increase in Palestinian   attacks since the United Nations Security Council passed an   resolution on December 23, 2016 calling the West Bank and eastern Jerusalem “occupied Palestinian territories. ”[Avi Issacharoff at the Times of Israel notes:  In September 346   attacks were recorded, in October 375, in November 420, and in December 344. Most of the December attacks occurred in the final week of the month. In the first week of January there were 169 recorded attacks, a pace that, if maintained, would lead to almost 700 attacks by the end of the month. Issacharoff writes that the increase in rock attacks could be linked to exam season in Palestinian high schools, although a similar increase was not recorded in previous years. There are several other factors that could be at play, he writes: The rock attacks were also linked to a series of anniversaries taking place around now, including that of Fatah’s founding and first terrorist attack on January 1, 1965, and of the assassination of Yahya Ayyash, Hamas’s chief bomb maker, on January 5, 1996. However, one cannot ignore the possible linkage to the UN Security Council resolution last month and Secretary of State John Kerry’s Mideast speech two weeks ago criticizing Israeli construction in the West Bank and eastern Jerusalem.  The uptick in attacks also comes one week before the Palestinians are scheduled to attend a farcical Paris “peace” conference at which the international community, minus Israel, is slated to get together to set the future parameters of a Palestinian state. Some of the holiest sites in Judaism are located in eastern Jerusalem and the West Bank, including the Western Wall and Temple Mount in Jerusalem’s Old City the Cave of the Patriarchs and Matriarchs in Hebron, which was home to the oldest continuous Jewish community in the world until the Jews of Hebron were massacred and expelled the Tomb of Rachel in Bethlehem and Joseph’s Tomb in Nablus  —   biblical Shechem. I raised questions about the possible motivation for the deadly   terrorist attack in Jerusalem on Monday. The attack, which killed four and wounded 17, was carried out in the eastern Jerusalem neighborhood of Armon Hanatziv, also known as East Talpiot, just after the UN and Kerry singled out Israeli construction in eastern Jerusalem. The Palestinians have a long and sordid history of responding to peace talks or international pressure on Israel with a terror campaign targeting Israelis. Arch terrorist Yasser Arafat personified that tactic when he responded to generous Israeli statehood offers in September 2000 by launching the deadly Second Intifada instead of accepting a Palestinian state or even making a  .  That intifada was kicked off with   attacks before it morphed into a   terrorist onslaught of shootings and suicide bombings. Within less than 48 hours of last month’s   UN resolution, there was an immediate surge in Palestinian terrorist attacks targeting Jews in the West Bank and eastern Jerusalem. While it is still too early to evaluate, the spike in rock throwing attacks and other Palestinian terrorist incidents may be indicative of an alarming trend that could lead to the one word Israeli defense officials try to avoid using in their predictions: intifada. Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.  ",0
11330,Charlie Crist: ‘God Would Be Pleased’ with Trump’s Shift on DREAMers - Breitbart,"Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” while discussing   Donald Trump saying “We’re going to work something out that’s going to make people happy and proud,” on so called DREAMers, children brought into the U. S. illegally by their parents, the former Republican Governor of Florida and the Democratic   Charlie Crist said, “God would be pleased,” with Trump’s seeming   softening on the issue of Dreamers.  Crist said, “I think it’s important that we appreciate what the   has said on this issue and it’s not a softening of the heart. It’s showing your heart  …    My grandfather immigrated in 1914 when he was 12 and when he got here, he very soon joined the army. And he fought in World War I. He was honorably discharged. As a result of that, he was able to gain his citizenship. That’s sort of a modern day dreamer, if you will. Being a nation of immigrants, it’s important that we embrace that kind of hope, give people that opportunity. That’s what we’ve always stood for as a country. And so I would say to the   I appreciate you showing your heart and if it’s a little softer, what’s wrong with that? God would be pleased. ” (  Washington Times) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
11331,Abbas at Vatican: Peace Could Suffer if U.S. Embassy Moves,"(AP) VATICAN CITY  —   Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas warned Saturday that peace could suffer if the incoming Trump administration goes ahead with plans to move the US embassy to Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. [Abbas made the comments as he inaugurated the Palestinian embassy to the Holy See following an audience with Pope Francis.  Speaking through an Italian translator, Abbas said he had only heard of the proposal by US   Donald Trump to move the embassy to Jerusalem, and couldn’t comment officially unless and until it happens. But he added: “If this is the decision, to transfer the embassy to Jerusalem, it will not help peace and we hope it doesn’t happen. ” The Palestinians strongly oppose the move, saying it would kill any hopes for negotiating an   peace agreement and rile the region by undercutting Muslim and Christian claims to the holy city. Trump hasn’t yet laid out a clear Mideast policy, but has signaled he will be more sympathetic to Israel’s   right than previous administrations. He has also vowed to move the US embassy. Abbas has written to Trump warning of the risks of such a move and asked him to reconsider, while also flagging the concern to Arab and other world leaders, said the Palestinian foreign minister, Riyad Malki. The Vatican has long sought an internationally guaranteed status for Jerusalem that safeguards its sacred character. It was unclear if the Vatican would want to wade into the issue by mentioning Jerusalem in its   communique. During the meeting, Abbas presented Francis with gifts recalling Christianity’s birthplace in the Holy Land, including a stone from the Church of the Holy Sepulcher in Jerusalem and documentation about the ongoing restoration of the Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem. After the papal meeting, Abbas formally inaugurated the new Palestinian embassy across the street from one of the main gates of Vatican City: He pulled back a curtain revealing a plaque and extended the Palestinian flag from a flagpole outside a window. The embassy, located in the same building as the embassies of Peru, Ecuador and Burkina Faso, is a fruit of recent accords in which the Vatican formally recognized the “State of Palestine. ” In his comments to reporters, Abbas said he hoped other countries would follow the Vatican’s example and recognize the Palestinian state.",0
11332,Texas Police Arrest Trump Voter for Wearing “Deplorable” T-Shirt,"Posted by Tim Brown 
On Monday, a man who voted for Donald Trump was arrested for wearing a T-shirt that referenced Hillary Clinton ‘s comments about Trump supporters being “ deplorables ” to the polls. 
Brett Mauthe, 55, was arrested after he went to the polls wearing a pro-Trump hat and a shirt that read, “ basket of deplorables .” 
According to KSAT 12, Mauthe removed his hat at the request of those who were overseeing the polls. However, since the t-shirt did not violate the election code, he refused to turn it inside out nor remove it. 
Subsequently, he was arrested and charged with electioneering. 
KSAT 12 reports : 
Bulverde police Chief Gary Haecker confirmed the arrest but declined to release details. Instead, he deferred to Comal County’s election coordinator, Cynthia Jaqua. 
Jaqua said the offense of electioneering isn’t limited to people who stand outside polling places holding signs. Violations can be committed by voters as well. 
“It can mean a T-shirt, a button, a hat, you know?” she said. “Anything related to the voting, the party, the candidate.” 
Jaqua declined to release specific details about Mauthe’s arrest. 
Jaqua is quoted by My San Antonio : 
It’s in the election code. Electioneering is prohibited within a 100-foot marker. You cannot express views for or against a candidate or political party by wearing buttons, T-shirts, hats, whatever else or carrying signs,” she said. 
Most people who make the mistake manage to avoid going to jail, she added. 
“Every election we have to advise people. Even if it’s a school bond issue. They wear candidates’ shirts and we just have to remind them. ‘Please go into the restroom and turn it inside out.’ This is the first time I recall someone getting arrested,” she said, during two decades working at the county election office. 
“A gentleman did walk in a little while ago with a slogan for Trump, and when I asked him to please take it off, he was real nice, and took it off,” she added, while working a polling site Thursday afternoon in New Braunfels. 
So, according to this nonsense, a perfectly legal shirt could be worn to the polls one day, but if a politician makes reference to the phrase on that shirt it becomes illegal to wear it to the polls the next day? This is utterly ridiculous. 
My question on all of that is, what happened to free speech? Is that recognized as a God-given right in the First Amendment? I mean, I realize that the Constitution is to restrict the federal government, but honestly, shouldn’t the states recognize the right of free speech, even in a polling place? Seems to me those kinds of laws stifle the very thing you are electing representatives to ensure are protected. 
Other voters agree with me. 
“I don’t feel like you should be preaching to anybody, but I do feel like you should be able to wear a shirt if you want and if it has the candidate,” Georgina Pereida said after casting her vote. “I’m kind of shocked, because I think that’s part of the freedoms that we’re voting for.” 
Jose Tovar claims that you should know the rules and regulations if you are 18 and vote. Again, I ask, why are there laws and regulations restricting this freedom of speech? It’s not inflammatory. It isn’t a lie. It isn’t slander. What’s illegal about it? 
I’ll tell you, politicians want to control people, and this is one of many means they use to do that. This is what happens when you don’t hold your elected officials accountable for the stupid regulations they impose. 
Mauthe decided to not comment anymore after his story began to be altered in the media. 
“The reason I’m not going to talk any more to the media is that the story gets twisted around, and I don’t want to give you any comment,” he said . 
The charged of electioneering is a class C misdemeanor. 
Courtesy of Freedom Outpost 
Tim Brown is an author and Editor at FreedomOutpost.com , SonsOfLibertyMedia.com , GunsInTheNews.com and TheWashingtonStandard.com . He is husband to his “more precious than rubies” wife, father of 10 “mighty arrows”, jack of all trades, Christian and lover of liberty. He resides in the U.S. occupied Great State of South Carolina. Tim is also an affiliate for the Joshua Mark 5 AR/AK hybrid semi-automatic rifle . Follow Tim on Twitter .  ",0
11333,Exaggerator Tops Nyquist in Preakness to End Bid for a Triple Crown - The New York Times,"BALTIMORE  —   They are Louisiana horsemen, Keith and Kent Desormeaux, who, as soon as they were able to walk, were strapped atop quarter horses and inexpensive thoroughbreds to race at bush tracks named Cajun Downs and Quarter Pole. Their father, uncles and neighbors placed bets on them while their mamas and aunts fingered rosary beads, praying they would not get hurt. They mostly came home safe, and when it was time to continue their racetrack education, they worked their way through their home tracks, Evangeline and Jefferson Downs, and bounced around other minor league outposts until they landed here in Maryland  —   Keith as an aspiring trainer, and Kent hoping to be a   jockey. So it felt right here Saturday when Keith gave Kent a leg up on a   colt by the name of Exaggerator that has run his heart out with enough regularity to have won four of his 10 starts, but lately had been chasing the back end and the legend of a   horse named Nyquist. In four previous races, Kent and Exaggerator had failed to get by Nyquist. That was nothing to be ashamed of  —   Nyquist was the reigning    champion, and he rolled into the 141st running of the Preakness Stakes undefeated in eight races. Not this time. Exaggerator outran Cherry Wine, who finished second, and Nyquist, who was third, to win the Preakness on a   track and end Nyquist’s bid for a Triple Crown. The Desormeaux brothers knew that this time, things were going to be different. It was a miserable day at   Pimlico Race Course, as a cold mist descended on an already drenched oval, transforming the racetrack into a soupy gumbo that was every bit as haunting as the swamps that they grew up near in southwest Louisiana. They loved it because in three previous races, Exaggerator had taken to a muddy track like   …     well   …     a duck to water. He had won two stakes on wet tracks. So when Kent Desormeaux, a Hall of Famer, edged his colt into the No. 5 gate, glanced inside and saw Mario Gutierrez aboard Nyquist, he knew that muddy track or not, his brother Keith had Exaggerator geared up and ready to go. This was only the second leg of the Triple Crown, but Nyquist had been so dominant in a brief but gaudy career that his camp, especially the trainer Doug O’Neill, was confident that they were pulling into New York three weeks from now intent on cracking into the history books alongside American Pharoah, last year’s Triple Crown champion. The Desormeaux brothers, however, were not the only ones determined to make Nyquist earn his honors  —   from the   Fernando Perez aboard Uncle Lino and Jevian Toledo aboard Awesome Speed harassed Gutierrez into pushing Nyquist to go faster than the colt wanted. “They had him surrounded,” said Kent Desormeaux, who had Exaggerator skipping over the puddles like a water scooter while Nyquist was fighting off his challengers through a wicked   of 46. 56 seconds and a taxing   of a mile in 1 minute 11. 97 seconds. Then something remarkable happened: Desormeaux saw a sliver of space along the rail turn into a   highway. The riders ahead of him were moving their horses outside. So Desormeaux squirted Exaggerator inside, and the colt shimmied up the backstretch like a seal, utterly enjoying it. In the clubhouse, Keith Desormeaux felt his heart drop. No, he felt worse than that. After decades of sharp words and bloodied knuckles, familial diplomacy had long been retired. “I wanted to strangle him,” he said of his brother. “All day, everyone was riding outside, and he’s taking my horse right into the quagmire. ” But Kent had done his homework in   and had determined not only that the rail offered the shortest distance between two points, but that the footing was firm and fast. When his rider asked Exaggerator to go, the colt looked as if he had grown a motor as he whipped around the far turn. A calming breath returned to Keith. “He is a Hall of Famer,” Keith conceded. As the contenders turned for home, Gutierrez felt Nyquist’s legs go out from underneath him. “I could feel Exaggerator coming,” he said. He asked for more, but the colt was wobbling. “There was nothing I could do,” Gutierrez said. So Kent Desormeaux vaulted his colt to the outside and rushed past Nyquist as if he were on a conveyor belt. The sight of another horse passing Nyquist roused the colt, and he fought back, mounting one last push. O’Neill locked in on his colt and prepared for a    stretch battle. For an instant, he thought Nyquist might come back. There was no chance. Desormeaux crossed his reins, chirped in Exaggerator’s ear and held on as his colt took off. It was over. Not only was Nyquist not catching Exaggerator, he was unable to hold off the   Cherry Wine for second place. “I didn’t think we could get beat,” O’Neill said. The Desormeaux brothers, on the other hand, knew they could not lose. The record will show Exaggerator completed the     race in 1:58. 31 and earned a $900, 000   check for his owners, Big Chief Racing L. L. C. and raised his career earnings to nearly $3 million. Those who believed in the colt collected $7. 20 for a $2 bet. But that was nothing to the charge that the result put into two brothers who had blossomed from the bush tracks of Louisiana to the old racetrack that had given them their first taste of the big time. It was hardly old hat for Kent  —   even if this was his third Preakness victory  —   but it was the first Triple Crown win for his brother. Neither Kent nor Keith is an affectionate sort, and by their own admission, they bicker and fight more than they share kind words and warm embraces. “I got a fist pump,” Keith said of their postrace celebration. “When you know the type of love we have in our family,” he added, “you really don’t have to show it. ”",0
11334,Oil Has Been Spilling Into The Pacific Since Last Month And It’s Being Totally Ignored,"By Chris “Kikila” Perrin Bella Bella, British Columbia — When is environmental damage too much? When is it acceptable? In what is being called “a relatively tiny”marine oil spill, for... ",0
11335,"Fox Rejects Super Bowl Ad From 84 Lumber, Which Depicts Border Wall - Breitbart","If you believe those who spin the mill of rumors, Fox has undertaken a massive effort this year to make Super Bowl LI apolitical. [For example, Entertainment Tonight had a report, which was vehemently denied by the NFL, that the league told halftime performer Lady Gaga not to mention   Trump during her show.  Now, Fox has 86’d a Super Bowl ad from 84 Lumber, which includes the depiction of a border wall. According to The New York Post, “The spot, from 84 Lumber, a first time Super Bowl advertiser, was deemed by Fox to be too controversial, a spokesman for ad agency Brunner told The Post. Fox declined to comment. The two sides are said to be working on a compromise. ” Campaign’s Kathryn Luttner provides some description of the ad. Luttner writes, “The script has been rejected by the network for being “too political,” according to sources close to the project. The   spot from   agency Brunner focuses on recruitment and includes images of immigrants unable to cross the border due to “the wall,” a flashpoint of debate during the 2016 presidential election. ” 84 Lumber’s owner and president Maggie Hardy Magerko said in a statement, “Our industry is going through a period of extreme disruption. And I’ve always preferred to be the one doing the disrupting, rather than the one being disrupted. But to do that, we need to hire and train people differently. We need to cast a wider net, and to let the world know that 84 Lumber is a place for people who don’t always fit nicely into a box. We want people interested in creating their own path   …     for themselves and for 84 Lumber. ” If getting “outside the box” was the goal of this ad, 84 Lumber definitely achieved that. Still, it’s interesting that the NFL is so tightly policing this particular Super Bowl. They did not exercise such oversight last year when Beyoncé performed her extremely   song “Formation,” during the halftime show. Of course, that event occurred during a   and   halftime show and not in a   commercial ad, such as what’s happening here with 84 Lumber. Certainly, 84 Lumber should not be allowed to construct a giant replica border wall during the halftime show, even though that might be the greatest thing ever. But, if a performance that denigrates and endangers police officers can get an entire halftime show, a   border wall commercial can get some love, right? Probably not. Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn",0
11336,Simulation Training: Are You Actually Ready To Use Your Gun In An Emergency? (VIDEO),"in: Multimedia , Preparedness\Survival , Science & Technology If you are a gun owner, especially one who carries a firearm on a daily basis, you’ve probably wondered how you would fare if you had to use your weapon in a life-and-death situation. Could you hit a moving target? Would you freeze under pressure? Would you accidentally harm innocent bystanders in your attempt to take down a threat? With virtual simulation training, you can find out the answers to these questions. There are some awesome stories out there in Internetland about armed citizens stopping crimes and protecting lives. In a life or death situation like a mass shooting , each second counts and a firearm can level the playing field and give you a much better chance at surviving than the standard liberal wisdom of hiding and praying. As well, a growing number of homes have guns now – 44% at most recent tally . Unfortunately, it seems like these life and death situations are happening more frequently, as acts of terrorism, civil unrest, and mindless violence continue to plague our country. The qualifications for a concealed carry permit vary from state to state, but generally speaking, you have to take a course that ranges anywhere from 4 hours to 16 hours. Some states require range qualification and others do not. The course that you take is very informative. It explains the laws in regard to using your firearm for protection in your particular state. But, does that really mean that you will be ready to use your firearm in an emergency situation? I am a CCW permit holder in the state of California . I am a single mom and I fully intend to be able to protect my family without being powerless until the police arrive. I practice shooting regularly and take classes with an NRA instructor. I’ve read many books on the topic of carrying my firearm. ( I highly recommend this one .) I have had occasion to be very glad that I was armed , but I’ve never had reason to actually use my gun against someone. And that is something which is little understood by anti-gun people: Most gun owners have our guns if we need them, but we sincerely hope to never need them. Of course, this makes you wonder: do you really have what it takes to use your firearm to protect yourself or someone else? Is the training you’ve been doing enough? And how do you find out before the rubber meets the road? The pros have been using virtual simulation training for quite a while. Training simulations are one way to learn a skill that is too dangerous to perform for real. Both the police and the military use virtual reality simulations for training. The US Army website says : “This system gives the power of simulation to the squad in order to close the gap of individual Soldier training and collective training,” said John Matthews, project director, Assistant Project Manager for Close Combat Tactical Trainers. “This system enhances training; it does not replace it.” The ability to train with this system allows the “reset” time to be cut down, which allows the ability to get more repetitions in a shorter amount of time and the ability to review each mission on a television screen to enhance the after action review process upon completion of each mission… …With a wide variety of environments, and the ability to insert specific entities into the scenarios, the options for training opportunities are virtually limitless; rehearsals for missions or live-fire exercises are just a couple of examples. Currently, the programmed training environments include mountainous, wooded, and desert. These are intended to simulate places like Afghanistan and Iraq but are not limited to only these specific scenarios. Virtual reality training allows soldiers and police officers to face situations in a multitude of environments with as many different scenarios as you could possibly imagine. And it isn’t all training with guns, either. Users can deploy non-lethal virtual weapons like tasers and OC, making this a good way to test out alternatives to lethal force without putting lives at risk. Virtual simulation training is now available for civilians My firearms instructor is incredibly innovative. (If you are anywhere near Sacramento, you can find her here. ) When she discovered a virtual simulation facility within an hour of us, she invited me along to try it out. We headed to Virtual Safe Shot in Fair Oaks, California . Unsurprisingly, the training for civilians is quite different. A strong emphasis of this training is on shoot/don’t shoot scenarios. Not all situations require that your firearm be discharged and because the instructors mix up the situations, you don’t know whether to expect a kid to pop around the corner of your basement stairs or a wild-eyed drug addict. And really, isn’t that how it is in real life? Some scenarios that were addressed in the training I took read like a person’s worst nightmare: A convenience store robbery A mass shooter at a school A carjacking Surprising a burglar in your home A knife-wielding ex who is intent on killing your neighbor Anyone can imagine being caught up in one of these scenes because they’re taken directly from the headlines. Even though you know the situation isn’t real and that your life is not in danger, you get a surge of adrenaline – you know something is going down, but you don’t know what to expect. Everything that happens, happens fast. The guns at the facility are real Glock 17s that have been modified to shoot only harmless lasers. The recoil is CO2 driven so you get the feel of shooting a gun with real ammo – this means that you must quickly reacquire your target if a second shot is needed. Beginners work with stationary targets and replica pistols, while advanced shooters practice simulations in which they must draw their weapons, move, verbally interact, take cover, and shoot from a covered position. The accuracy of this technology is 4 pixels – that means if you show a hit on the screen, it would have been a hit in real life. Here’s what a virtual simulation is like. The instructors at this facility are retired police officers, which means that they brought something very different to the table: understanding how an investigation will work. Any time you discharge your firearm, even to defend your life or someone else’s, you have to be able to defend your action legally . In this anti-gun day and age, the liberal media is all too ready to crucify a person using a firearm, even if they are using that firearm to defend themselves or others. The instructors discussed each scenario with us after it was finished. They explained what we would likely be asked when the police arrived on the scene and also, what might make officers believe that a self-defense shooting was actually a homicide. (Hint: You were in fear for your life and you want a lawyer. Then, shut up until your attorney arrives.) Here’s what I learned. I was pleasantly surprised to find out that I’m pretty accurate under pressure. (Of course, there’s always room for improvement but for my first time firing at a moving target, I did well hitting what I aimed at.) Unfortunately, I was a little bit trigger happy, something I don’t like to admit. Early on, there were a couple of scenarios in which I would have been better off to wait before firing. And in one very unfortunate situation, I accidentally hit a bystander as well as the criminal. But this was a good learning experience. By the end of my session, my shoot/don’t shoot discretion had greatly improved. I became far more aware of bystanders instead of hyper-focusing on the threat. I would hazard a guess that unless a person has a military or law enforcement background, then like me, they haven’t had much experience making these types of judgment calls. The most important part of this training is the replay. First, you see a readout of how many shots you fired, how many of them were non-lethal hits, how many were lethal, and how many hit someone they shouldn’t have. Even when you know this is only a simulation, it’s very sobering when you see that you shot someone that should not have been shot. Virtual reality gives you a cold hard smack of actual reality and it isn’t pleasant because you immediately realize that in a true emergency, the same thing could have easily happened. Then, the instructor discusses the scenario. You learn what you did wrong and what you did right. They give you tips on improving your strategy and/or accuracy if needed. You discuss how this shooting would look from a legal standpoint, and if necessary, you get the chance to repeat the scenario and do it better. This breakdown of the scenario is an invaluable tool, because in VR, you get a do-over. Not so in real life. I left feeling a little conflicted. I was more confident because of my accuracy, but more aware of the pitfalls of firing a weapon. Those pitfalls should be obvious – we discuss them in CCW classes, read about them online, and watch them on the news. But until you see that the shot you fired missed the bad guy and lethally hit the person behind him, it doesn’t make quite the same impression. If you carry, you need some advanced training. I strongly recommend this type of training. I learned a lot and plan to replace 2 of my range sessions each month with virtual simulation training. I believe that if the day ever comes when I must draw my gun to use it, I’ll be far better prepared than I was before I discovered Virtual Safe Shot and the informative, encouraging instructors there. You can play scenarios over in your mind as much as you want, but this is as close to the real thing as you can get. And trust me – you, too, will probably discover that you aren’t as ready as you think you are. This is not a substitute for shooting your real firearm, but it’s an incredible complimentary type of training. This is the level of tactical training that professionals get, and if you can find it in your area, you’ll be far better prepared to use your firearm – or not – should the situation warrant that you do so. Article first appeared at DaisyLuther.com Submit your review",0
11337,"Preaching the Gospel of Diversity, but Not Following It - The New York Times","ONLY two of the   reporters who covered the presidential campaign for The New York Times were black. None were Latino or Asian. That’s less diversity than you’ll find in Donald Trump’s cabinet thus far. Of The Times’s newly named White House team, all six are white, as is most everyone in the Washington bureau. Traveling to other departments, Metro has only three Latinos among its 42 reporters, in a city with the second largest Hispanic population in the country. Sports has one Asian man, two Hispanics and no   among its 21 reporters, yet blacks are plentiful among the teams they cover and the audience they serve. In the Styles section, every writer is white, while American culture is anything but. The executive editor, Dean Baquet, is  . The other editors on his masthead are white. The staff with the most diversity? The news assistants, who mostly do administrative jobs and get paid the least. The Times can be relentless in questioning the diversity at other institutions it has written about the white ranks of the technology sector, public schools, police departments, Oscar nominees, law firms, legislatures, the major leagues and the Ivy League. Fixing its own problems comes less easily. The newsroom’s blinding whiteness hit me when I walked in the door six months ago. It’s hardly a new problem here, but it’s one that persists even as the country grows more diverse and The Times grows more global. The head of that global expansion, Lydia Polgreen, was one of The Times’s     editors until she left last week to lead The Huffington Post. Her departure hit the whole newsroom hard, but it was especially a blow to many minority journalists here. In the past three months, I have interviewed people across the newsroom about the issue of race (and to some degree gender, which I’ll address in a future column). I’ve spoken with journalists of all racial and ethnic identities, in jobs high and low: white men and black women, editors and reporters, department heads and news assistants. It left me believing there is a level of frustration bordering on anger that would be institutionally reckless not to address. Many journalists hoped a new era was beginning two and a half years ago, when Baquet became the first   to oversee the newsroom. But whatever progress has been made is only beginning to show up on a scorecard. Overall, newsroom diversity is at 22 percent, up slightly but below newsrooms in most big metropolitan areas. And of those who head departments here, only three are people of color. I asked Baquet what he believes minorities in the newsroom would say about his senior team’s dedication to diversity. “I think they’d say we have a problem,” he said. “We’re not diverse enough. But I think they’d say I have a commitment to it and that it’s gotten better in the past year. ” He added, “My effort to diversify has been intense and persistent. ” By that, Baquet particularly means the handful of prominent black journalists he’s helped attract or promote, stars like Nikole   Wesley Morris and Jenna Wortham, all coveted by The Times’s competitors. Their writing styles offer a refreshing break from The Times’s rather institutional voice, which  —   as one black editor put it to me  —   is older, white, male, Ivy League and authoritative. “That’s who The Times is at a dinner party,” she said. Many of those I spoke with, including Latinos and Asians, said the arrival of a few stars can take the focus away from the real issue of bringing in and retaining diversity across the room. In other words, while big names are rightfully celebrated, they can give the appearance of more diversity than there really is. What’s more, just because an   is at the helm, it doesn’t mean all is well in the newsroom he runs. “We can’t look to Dean as proof that everything is O. K. and we also can’t look solely to him for solutions,” said Nikita Stewart, a Metro staff reporter. When you ask managers about the issue individually, everyone genuinely seems to care. Collectively, however, not much changes. They begin by saying this is an industrywide problem, not just a New York Times problem. That is true, unquestionably. On the other hand, it’s also true that data from the American Society of News Editors shows that The Times is less diverse than large papers like The Washington Post (31 percent) The Los Angeles Times (34 percent) and The Miami Herald (41 percent). The Times is more diverse than The Boston Globe (17 percent) and The Philadelphia Inquirer (14 percent). Given The Times’s ambitions across global cultures and languages, it would seem that instead of being a lagger, it would insist on being a leader  —   and make that an explicit goal. I see no sign that this is happening. Nor do I get the impression from many journalists of color I spoke with that they believe progress is on the horizon. “There’s always a reason for such little diversity in newsrooms. Over the course of time, the reasons always change, but the underrepresentation never does,” said   who writes for the Times Magazine, one of the few notably diverse staffs in the building. Ernesto Londoño, who sits on The Times’s editorial board  —   and on an Opinion staff lacking both gender and racial diversity  —   believes the problem lies in a failure of editors to step outside their    circles. “It takes a concerted effort to break out of that habit and tap talent pools that are more diverse,” Londoño said. Which means that unless the pattern breaks, the whiter the newsroom is, the whiter it will stay. Mark Thompson, The Times chief executive officer, told a group of top leaders across the corporate and news sides last spring that managers could face dismissal if they failed to diversify their staffs. Baquet, who was at the meeting, didn’t sound that militant in our conversation, saying that his editors feel the most pressure through a stringent expectation to bring forth a diverse applicant pool for every job opening. No one has been punished, he says. I can tell diversity isn’t a priority here by looking at what is. Think digital transition or global expansion or subscriber growth or visual innovation. Those are mandates that really power up the engines. Diversity is not at that level, at least yet. This issue has challenged most every newsroom manager, myself included. The newsroom I came from, The Washington Post, is quite diverse, but its leadership is heavily white and male. At The Times, on the other hand, people of color seem shut out of all sorts of coveted jobs: the top digital strategists, the top managers, the precious ranks of cultural critics, the White House press corps, the opinion columnists, the national politics jobs  —   all are overwhelmingly white. It is possible to change this. But The Times will need more humility, introspection and openness than has been its habit in the past. Note: This column explores The Times’s diversity crisis, primarily through race. Future columns will address the struggles to fix this issue, news coverage, the widening gender gap, and the limited geographic, religious and ideological diversity. Stay tuned.",0
11338,"Iran, Finland sign 4 MoUs in Tehran","Iran, Finland sign 4 MoUs in Tehran Wed Oct 26, 2016 10:15PM Iranian President Hassan Rouhani meeting with the President of Finland Sauli Niinisto at the presidential palace in Tehran. © AFP 
Yusef Jalali Press TV, Tehran 
Finland’s president has paid an official visit to Iran to boost mutual ties. During the visit, the 2 countries signed documents on cooperation in such areas as energy, ICT and environment. Loading ...",0
11339,Frank Gaffney: Trump Restores Reagan’s ‘Peace Through Strength’ Doctrine,"Center for Security Policy President Frank Gaffney discussed the Trump administration’s opening   moves with SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Wednesday’s Breitbart News Daily. [Gaffney began with a story about one of his colleagues delivering copies of the Center for Security Policy’s book CAIR Is Hamas on Capitol Hill and discovering he couldn’t deliver a copy to noted   opponent Sen. Pat Leahy ( ) without a government ID.  LISTEN: “This individual could vote without that ID, of course, but he can’t give Senator Leahy a book about an internal threat to our country from Hamas. It’s just ridiculous,” Gaffney said. He pronounced himself pleased with President Trump’s first week, saluting “the signaling, and the executive orders, and the statements that the President has made thus far, and the statements for that matter that even people like Rex Tillerson and his confirmation hearing made about the nature of the challenges we’re facing internationally and the necessity of rebuilding our military to contend with them. ” Among those necessary measures he included constructing a     missile defense system and eradicating radical Islamic terrorism from the face of the earth, as Trump has promised. “These are very encouraging signs,” Gaffney said. “It’s not so much an aggressive national security policy, Alex, with respect. It’s a   policy that’s rooted in the principle that Ronald Reagan, my old boss, espoused and practiced called ‘Peace Through Strength.’ I think it’s very welcome, and long overdue, frankly. ” He noted that, with the exception of the invasion of Grenada, Reagan didn’t “actually have to use our military power,” but he rebuilt it and “created, as part of a larger strategy, conditions that brought down our principal enemy  —   without firing, as they say, a shot  —   the Soviet Union. ” “I think Donald Trump gets this. If you want to prevent wars, prepare to fight them,” he advised. “There are a lot of people around the world who witnessed Barack Obama take the opposite approach, weaken us, hollow out our military, signal a desire for appeasement at any price. And they became much more dangerous. ”  “The prospect of a conflict with Communist China today, Alex, as you know, is vastly higher than it was a decade ago,” he pointed out. “And that’s partly because the Chinese have been rapidly building the military with which to attack us, and to dominate the South China Sea, and so on. But partly it’s also because they have perceived the opportunity for either getting what they want without conflict, their strategy of strength to obtain their objectives  —   or they think if they do have to have a conflict with us, they’ll prevail in it. ”  “So this is a very dangerous approach. It’s been proven to fail time and time again, whereas I believe peace through strength has been proven to work rather consistently throughout the course of human history,” Gaffney asserted. Marlow asked Gaffney about the significance of President Trump’s plan to move the U. S. embassy for Israel to Jerusalem. Gaffney described the   state of affairs as “bizarre,” noting that Israel is the only country he knows of where the U. S. embassy isn’t located in the national capital. “The signals that Donald Trump has sent, in terms of his commitment to restore the kind of strong partnership and strategic alliance that we have historically had with Israel, is a signal, a statement, of his break with his predecessor,” he said. “It’s important not just because it matters to our security whether Israel is secure, but it’s also important because it restores the sense that it’s also better to be a friend of the United States than an enemy. ” “Obama had that completely backwards, and as a result we had more enemies, and I think fewer friends,” he observed ruefully. Gaffney said moving the U. S. embassy was “important in a number of respects,” beginning with Jerusalem being “the rightful place for us to be represented. ” “Second of all, it sends a signal of our commitment to Israel, and the status of Jerusalem as the undivided eternal capital of the Jewish state,” he continued. “People talk a lot about, well, there will be violence, there will be the Palestinians and holy war and all the rest. I seriously doubt it, because I think the Arabs at this moment more generally, beyond the Palestinians  —   for whom, by the way, they don’t have a whole lot of use  —   have a view that this is a time to cultivate a relationship with Donald Trump, not precipitate conflict with him. I don’t think they’re going to have much truck with the Arab street blowing up. ” “Here’s the larger point: if Donald Trump, having made this commitment to Israel, backs away from it, that will be seen by the very radical Islamic terrorists that he has promised to eradicate from the face of the earth, as evidence that they can in fact extort him to submission. That’s exactly the wrong message to send,” Gaffney warned. “I think it’s time. I think that he can do it quite easily, actually. I believe the first order of business ought to be simply to change out the plaque in front of the consulate in Jerusalem. Call it an ‘embassy.’ It’s a done deal on Day One,” he advised. “I think there may be histrionics, but I think they’re eminently manageable. The symbolism is very important, both to Israel, and I think to potential adversaries. ” Marlow referred to the criticism Trump has taken for his “America first” policy, suggesting critics have willfully misinterpreted it to mean “America only,” and wondered if Trump would have difficulty sticking to such a dramatic change in U. S. policy outlook, or keeping his bold promise to “eradicate radical Islamic terrorism from the face of the earth. ” Gaffney said frankly that it would depend, in part, on “whether he remains committed to the sorts of principles and guiding philosophy that he’s laid out, not just in this particular context or in his inaugural address, but throughout the campaign. ” He pointed to the decisions Trump was scheduled to announce today about “restricting entry into this country against people who do not share our values, and who specifically may be trying to bring in this totalitarian sharia doctrine” as a demonstration of the President’s determination to stand by his campaign promises. “I think if he hews to all of those principles, he’s going to be fine. If he staffs his administration  —   this is the kicker  —   if he staffs his administration, not just at the Cabinet level, with people who hew to that line as well, he will be fine,” Gaffney predicted. “There is a concern, I have to tell you, among some of us that at lower levels, people who don’t seem to share that are being considered, or actually given, appointments, and people who do share those principles are not,” he added.  “So this is very much a work in progress. I believe Donald Trump is very   on this. I think that a number of the people around him  —   our mutual friend Steve Bannon among them, Michael Flynn of course, the National Security adviser, General Mattis at the Defense Department, Rex Tillerson in his statements before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee  —   they seem to get it,” he said.  “We’ve got to make sure that they’ve got people below them who support and will faithfully execute the President’s policy of protecting us against whatever you want to call it: radical Islamic terrorism, sharia supremacism, you pick your term. That’s the mortal threat of our time. And by the way, it is present here in the form of the Muslim Brotherhood. I hope one of the early actions  —   a defining action of this President  —   will be that he designates the Muslim Brotherhood as what it is, a terrorist organization,” said Gaffney. Marlow concluded by asking for Gaffney’s take on the Syria peace talks currently being held in Kazakhstan under the auspices of Russia, Turkey, and Iran, but pointedly excluding the U. S. and its coalition partners from a major role. “Well, we’ve seen this movie before,” Gaffney replied. “I’ll be very surprised if the   has any duration to it at all. I think the truth of the matter is, what’s happening on the ground, Alex, is that the people who have been fighting this civil war to this point, primarily, against the government of Syria  —   the Sunni Arabs  —   are being displaced. They’re being replaced by Shiites from Iraq, in many cases, and elsewhere. ”  “You’re going to see a population transfer that I think ultimately will cause this Syrian conflict to peter out  —   with the government of Assad still in power, the Russians in a stronger position, the Iranians of course in a much stronger position, having created what’s been called a ‘Shiite Crescent’ from their own country all the way to the Mediterranean,” he predicted. “They’re very important, and frankly very dangerous, strategic developments, but I think that’s where this is headed. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. Listen to the audio of the full interview above.",0
11340,How to Pick the Fastest Line at the Supermarket - The New York Times,"You dash into the supermarket for a few necessities. You figure it will be 10 minutes  —   tops  —   before you are done and on your way home. Then you get to the checkout lanes and they are brimming with shoppers. Your plan for a quick exit begins to evaporate. But all is not lost. For anyone who has ever had to stand in line (or if you are a New Yorker, you stand on line) at a supermarket, retailer, bank or anywhere else, here are some tips from experts for picking the line that will move the fastest. That may seem counterintuitive, but data tell a different story, said Dan Meyer, a former high school math teacher who is the chief academic officer at Desmos, where he explores the future of math, technology and learning. “Every person requires a fixed amount of time to say hello, pay, say goodbye and clear out of the lane,” he said in an email. His research found all of that takes an average of 41 seconds per person and items to be rung up take about three seconds each. That means getting in line with numerous people who have fewer things can be a poor choice. Think of it this way: One person with 100 items to be rung up will take an average of almost six minutes to process. If you get in a line with four people who each have 20 items, it will take an average of nearly seven minutes. Those minutes add up. Richard Larson, a Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor who is considered the foremost expert on queues, estimated that Americans spend 37 billion hours a year waiting in lines. Robert Samuel, founder of Same Ole Line Dudes, a New   service that will stand in line for you, said in an email that most people are   and tend to veer to the right. “This may seem sexist, but I prefer female cashiers,” Mr. Samuel wrote. “In my experience they seem to be the most expedient at register transactions and processing. ” A. J. Marsden, an assistant professor of human services and psychology at Beacon College in Leesburg, Fla. suggested checking to see if a cashier was talkative and commenting on every item being scanned. If so, avoid this line “unless there is no one in that line, in which case, just deal with the chatty cashier,” she said in an email. It is not just the number of people ahead of you, but their age and what they are buying that can make a difference, Professor Marsden said. Older people will take a bit longer because they can have difficulties that delay the checkout process, such as not understanding how a debit card works, she said. Also consider the number of different items they are buying, Professor Larson said. Six bottles of the same soda will go faster than six totally different items, some of which cannot be scanned, such as vegetables, he said. If you have no irregular items, such as produce, use a   checkout, Mr. Meyer said. “You’ll lose the human contact but gain time,” he said. Not all lines are structured this way, but research has largely shown that this approach, known as a serpentine line, is the fastest. The person at the head of the line goes to the first available window in a system often seen at airports or banks. Getting into a single line also provides a sense of psychological relief because it eliminates the choice of where to go and   about the best line to choose, said Julie Niederhoff, an assistant professor of supply chain management at Syracuse University. Still, most people prefer to take their chances with parallel lines  —   individual lines dedicated to a single cashier  —   even though most of the time they end up picking a slower line, Professor Marsden said. Douglas E. Norton, a professor of mathematics and statistics at Villanova University, said studies had typically shown that with three tellers, each serving his or her own line of customers, the wait time was three times longer on average than a single line leading to an array of tellers. So why is the less efficient parallel line model used at grocery stores? “Essentially, nobody wants a huge line of folks with full grocery carts winding (like a serpent) around their store,” he said in an email. If you find yourself in a line that snakes around a corner or where the cashier’s view of the number of customers is obstructed by a wall or a shelf, be prepared for a longer wait, one study found. The study, by Professors Niederhoff and Masha Shunko of the University of Washington and Yaroslav Rosokha of Purdue University, released in June, noted that obstructions hinder the feedback cashiers get from seeing how their work thins the line. Mr. Samuel recommended: • Always face bar codes toward the cashier. • When buying clothes, remove the hangers and pull the tags out for easy scanning. • Use the buddy system at the express lanes. Split the items so you each stay within the maximum number allowed and then get out the door quicker. To some degree, waiting is all in your head. Research has found that, on average, people overestimated how long they waited in a line by 36 percent. Customers are more concerned with how long a line is than how fast it moves, according to research by Prof. Ziv Carmon of the business school Insead and Prof. Daniel Kahneman of Princeton University. Given a choice between a   short line and a   long one, people will often opt for the short line, even if the waits are identical. The psychology of queuing has also found that waits seem shorter when you are distracted. Professor Norton recommended talking to the person next to you or reading the magazines in the store’s racks. “And try to lose the idea that you are cursed,” he said. “If you remembered the times when it actually went smoothly, you would probably realize that it evens out in the long run. ”",0
11341,Justice Dept. Strongly Discouraged Comey on Move in Clinton Email Case - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The day before the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, sent a letter to Congress announcing that new evidence had been discovered that might be related to the completed Hillary Clinton email investigation, the Justice Department strongly discouraged the step and told him that he would be breaking with longstanding policy, three law enforcement officials said on Saturday. Senior Justice Department officials did not move to stop him from sending the letter, officials said, but they did everything short of it, pointing to policies against talking about current criminal investigations or being seen as meddling in elections. That Mr. Comey moved ahead despite those protestations underscores the unusual nature of Friday’s revelations, which added a dramatic twist to the final days of the presidential campaign. His action reignited a firestorm that Mrs. Clinton believed she had put behind her when the F. B. I. decided in July not to charge anyone in the investigation into the handling of classified information on her private email server. Mr. Comey’s letter did not reopen that inquiry, even as he promised to review the new information, which was discovered in an unrelated investigation into the disgraced former congressman Anthony D. Weiner. Senior Justice Department officials, career prosecutors and even some at the F. B. I. were at a loss on Saturday as to what would happen next. Would Mr. Comey provide a    accounting of the F. B. I. ’s steps until Election Day? Did he plan further announcements? Or did he intend, after shaking up the election with his letter, to remain silent about the facts until the presidential votes had been tallied? The F. B. I. offered no comment, and Justice Department officials said they had no idea what Mr. Comey saw as his next move. Justice Department officials were particularly puzzled about why Mr. Comey had alerted Congress  —   and by extension, the public  —   before agents even began reading the newly discovered emails to determine whether they contained classified information or added new facts to the case. Law enforcement officials have begun the process to get court authority to read the emails, officials said. How soon they will get that is unclear, but there is no chance that the review will be completed before Election Day, several law enforcement officials said. Many of the emails are most likely copies of messages that the F. B. I. has already read, said the officials, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to comment publicly. Despite the Justice Department’s concerns, Mr. Comey felt obligated to send the letter. But it opened him up to fierce criticism not only from Democrats but also from current and former officials at the F. B. I. and the Justice Department, including Republicans. “There’s a longstanding policy of not doing anything that could influence an election,” said George J. Terwilliger III, a deputy attorney general under President George Bush. “Those guidelines exist for a reason. Sometimes, that makes for hard decisions. But bypassing them has consequences. ” He added, “There’s a difference between being independent and flying solo. ” After reports surfaced late last month that Mr. Weiner had sent illicit text messages to a    girl in North Carolina, top prosecutors in Charlotte and Manhattan jockeyed for the case. Senior officials in the Justice Department decided that if there were a prosecution, it would take place in New York under the supervision of the United States attorney there, Preet Bharara. Almost immediately, it became clear to investigators that the Weiner case might reignite the Clinton inquiry. Mr. Weiner’s estranged wife, Huma Abedin, is a top adviser to Mrs. Clinton, and F. B. I. agents in the earlier investigation had interviewed her and reviewed her emails looking for classified information. On Oct. 3, F. B. I. agents seized several electronic devices from Mr. Weiner: a laptop, his iPhone and an iPad that was in large measure used by his    son to watch cartoons, a person with knowledge of the matter said. Days later, F. B. I. agents also confiscated a   router that could identify any other devices that had been used, the person said. While searching the laptop, the agents discovered the existence of tens of thousands of emails, some of them sent between Ms. Abedin and other Clinton aides, according to senior law enforcement officials. It is not clear if Ms. Abedin downloaded the emails to the laptop or if they were automatically backed up there. The emails dated back years, the officials said. Ms. Abedin has testified that she did not routinely delete her emails. Because of the age of the emails, many could be outside the scope of the Clinton inquiry, investigators said. And while many are probably duplicative, some would be worth reading, the F. B. I. concluded. In conversations this month, senior Justice Department and F. B. I. officials agreed that the matter was worth pursuing. By law, though, agents and prosecutors in the Clinton investigation could not immediately read the new emails without court authority. The authorities decided only recently to seek that approval. They do not know whether the emails contain classified information or, if they do, whether that would change their determination that nobody should be charged with mishandling it. So Justice Department officials were surprised on Thursday afternoon to receive notice of Mr. Comey’s intention to send the letter to Congress. The letter, issued as early voting was underway in some states, guaranteed a new round of questions for Mrs. Clinton just before Election Day. The Justice Department and the F. B. I. have a longstanding policy against discussing current criminal investigations. Another Justice Department policy, restated each election cycle, declares that politics should play no role in investigative decisions. Both Democratic and Republican administrations have interpreted that policy broadly to cover any steps that might give even an impression of partisanship. “We must be particularly sensitive to safeguarding the department’s reputation for fairness, neutrality and nonpartisanship,” said a 2012 memo from the attorney general’s office that restated the policy. But although Mr. Comey told Congress this summer that the Clinton investigation was complete, he believed that if word of the new emails leaked out  —   and it was sure to leak out, he concluded  —   he risked being accused of misleading Congress and the public ahead of an election, colleagues said. Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch did not directly speak with Mr. Comey about the matter, officials said, but senior Justice Department officials sent word of her concerns. Though Ms. Lynch is technically Mr. Comey’s boss, she, too, faced a dilemma. If she ordered Mr. Comey not to send the letter, it could appear that she was trying to withhold information from Congress. After hearing the Justice Department’s argument, Mr. Comey concluded that the ramifications of not telling Congress far outweighed concerns about the department guidelines, one senior law enforcement official said. On Friday, Mr. Comey sent Congress the letter, which said emails had surfaced in a case unrelated to the Clinton case. Mr. Comey said that the F. B. I. would review the emails to determine if they improperly contained classified information, adding that the emails “appear to be pertinent. ” It was the latest example of a sometimes strained relationship between the Justice Department and Mr. Comey, who  —   on issues of race, encryption, policing and, most notably, the Clinton investigation  —   has branded himself as someone who operates outside Washington’s typical chain of command. The letter rankled Mrs. Clinton’s supporters in part because Mr. Comey has been circumspect in his remarks about another federal investigation, this one involving allegations of Russian meddling in the election. American officials believe that Russian intelligence agents are behind the hacking of Democratic National Committee emails, which have embarrassed the Clinton campaign. Senior Democrats have called on the F. B. I. to investigate whether any of Donald J. Trump’s aides are colluding with Russia. Some of his aides have ties to Russian interests, but they have denied any wrongdoing. While Mr. Comey told Congress last month that he would not confirm the existence of any investigation into people associated with Mr. Trump, he said he felt compelled to discuss details of the Clinton investigation because it involved “exceptional circumstances where the public needed information. ” Matthew Miller, a Democrat and former Justice Department spokesman who has criticized Mr. Comey’s handling of the email investigation, said the F. B. I. director should not pick and choose when to follow the guidelines. “You can’t apply the usual standard to one candidate and an entirely different set of rules for the other,” he said.",0
11342,"Air Force Vet, First American Convicted of Trying to Join Islamic State, Sentenced to 35 Years","A federal judge sentenced the first American ever to be convicted of attempting to engage in jihad on behalf of the Islamic State ( ) to 35 years in prison. [“Today, Tairod Nathan Webster Pugh, a U. S. citizen and former member of the U. S. Air Force, was sentenced to 35 years in prison for attempting to provide material support to the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) a designated foreign terrorist organization, and obstruction of justice,” announced the Department of Justice (DOJ) noting that News Jersey resident was convicted in March 2016.  U. S. District Judge Nicholas Garaufis sentenced the wannabe jihadist on Wednesday. “I am a black man, I am a military man, I am a Muslim man,” Pugh told the judge on the day of his sentencing before dissolving into tears, reports the New York Post. “I protected this country and the Constitution,” added the military veteran. “And my service was repaid by stripping me of my career, shaming my wife, shaming my parents, shaming my children. ” Judge Garaufis did not express any sympathy towards Pugh. “This isn’t about whether you’re Muslim or Christian or Jewish,” the judge told the defendant before handing down his decision. “This is about whether you’re going to stand up for your country, which has done so much for you, or betray your country. ” “You made your choice,” proclaimed the judge. “I have no sympathy. ” In January 2015, Pugh traveled to Turkey from Egypt to cross the border into Syria and engage in jihad on behalf of ISIS. Turkish authorities denied the American Air Force veteran entry and returned him to Egypt. Pugh attempted to destroy evidence in Istanbul. “Foreign government officials quickly deported the defendant to the U. S. where the FBI closely monitored him, relying in part on a covert undercover employee who encountered the defendant at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City,” notes the DOJ. Authorities arrested Pugh on January 16, 2015, in New Jersey. In a letter drafted before he left Egypt for Turkey, the defendant proclaimed: I am a Mujahid. I am a sword against the oppressor and a shield for the oppressed. I will use the talents and skills given to me by Allah to establish and defend the Islamic State. There is only 2 possible outcomes for me. Victory or Martyr. “Defense attorney Susan Kellman likened her client’s interest in the Islamic State to a kind of ‘voyeurism’ but noted that there had been no evidence of any form of communication between Pugh and the group,” points out the New York Post.",0
11343,"Why Witches, Occultists And Satanists Celebrate Halloween, And Why You Should Not","Why Witches, Occultists And Satanists Celebrate Halloween, And Why You Should Not Posted on Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » Why Witches, Occultists And Satanists Celebrate Halloween, And Why You Should Not 
Halloween night is one of the biggest nights of the year for witches, occultists and Satanists. All over America, those that are deep into the dark arts will be contacting the dead, casting spells and conducting blood sacrifices. On October 31st, most people will simply ignore the dark side of Halloween. We can assure you however, that the Creator does NOT… 

From Michael Snyder, End of the American Dream : 
The vast majority of the population will dress up in costumes, go to parties and eat candy without ever even considering where the holiday came from or what certain people are doing behind closed doors. But the truth is that Halloween night is one of the biggest nights of the year for witches, occultists and Satanists. All over America, those that are deep into the dark arts will be contacting the dead, casting spells and conducting blood sacrifices. As you will see below, there is a reason why animal shelters across the country ban the adoption of black cats this time of the year. But even our “innocent” Halloween traditions such as dressing up in costumes, “trick or treating” and carving jack-o’-lanterns all have their roots in ancient pagan practices. And every year the costumes for our young girls become even more sexually suggestive, the horror movies become even more demonic, and the public’s fascination with the occult just continues to grow. It truly is a festival of death, but most people don’t seem to care. In fact, experts are telling us that Halloween has now become America’s second biggest holiday. 
According to the National Retail Federation, nearly 70 percent of all Americans plan to celebrate Halloween this year, and spending is expected to shatter the all-time record… 
According to the National Retail Federation’s annual survey conducted by Prosper Insights & Analytics, total spending for Halloween is expected to reach $8.4 billion, an all-time high in the survey’s 11-year history. 
U.S. consumers are expected to spend an average of $82.93, up from last year’s $74.34, with more than 171 million Americans planning to partake in Halloween festivities this year. 
To give you some context, total Halloween spending for 2009 came in at just 4.7 billion dollars. So to say that the celebration of Halloween is growing would be a tremendous understatement. 
Sadly, most people have no idea where this holiday originally came from. The truth is that a long time ago Catholicism attempted to “Christianize” an ancient pagan holiday known as Samhain… 
The origins of Halloween are Celtic in tradition and have to do with observing the end of summer sacrifices to gods in Druidic tradition. In what is now Britain and France, it was the beginning of the Celtic year, and they believed Samhain, the lord of death, sent evil spirits abroad to attack humans, who could escape only by assuming disguises and looking like evil spirits themselves. The waning of the sun and the approach of dark winter made the evil spirits rejoice and play nasty tricks. Believe it or not, most of our Halloween practices can be traced back to these old pagan rites and superstitions . 
On the Wiccan calendar, Samhain is one of the most important points on “the wheel of the year”. Wiccans believe that it is the day when “the god dies”, and subsequently they celebrate his rebirth at Yule. 
It is also a time when they believe that the veil between the living and the dead is the thinnest, and so it is an opportune time for them to contact the dead. The following is much more on what Wiccans believe about Samhain from wicca.com… 
Samhain, (pronounced SOW-in, SAH-vin, or SAM-hayne) means “End of Summer”, and is the third and final Harvest. The dark winter half of the year commences on this Sabbat. 
It is generally celebrated on October 31st, but some traditions prefer November 1st. It is one of the two “spirit-nights” each year, the other being Beltane. It is a magical interval when the mundane laws of time and space are temporarily suspended, and the Thin Veil between the worlds is lifted. Communicating with ancestors and departed loved ones is easy at this time, for they journey through this world on their way to the Summerlands. It is a time to study the Dark Mysteries and honor the Dark Mother and the Dark Father, symbolized by the Crone and her aged Consort. 
Originally the “Feast of the Dead” was celebrated in Celtic countries by leaving food offerings on altars and doorsteps for the “wandering dead”. Today a lot of practitioners still carry out that tradition. Single candles were lit and left in a window to help guide the spirits of ancestors and loved ones home. Extra chairs were set to the table and around the hearth for the unseen guest. Apples were buried along roadsides and paths for spirits who were lost or had no descendants to provide for them. Turnips were hollowed out and carved to look like protective spirits, for this was a night of magic and chaos. The Wee Folke became very active, pulling pranks on unsuspecting humans. Traveling after dark was was not advised. People dressed in white (like ghosts), wore disguises made of straw, or dressed as the opposite gender in order to fool the Nature spirits. 
The ancient practices described in those paragraphs sound very similar to what we do today in many ways, but without a doubt some of the traditions have evolved. For example, instead of carving turnips, those that celebrate Halloween carve pumpkins today. 
You may not realize this, but Wicca is actually one of the fastest growing religions in America. And on October 31st, Wiccans all over the nation will get together to conduct rituals and cast spells. Here is a blurb from Wikipedia about the Wiccan belief in “magic”… 
During ritual practices, which are often staged in a sacred circle, Wiccans cast spells or “workings” intended to bring about real changes in the physical world. Common Wiccan spells include those used for healing, for protection, fertility, or to banish negative influences. [63] Many early Wiccans, such asAlex Sanders, Sybil Leek and Alex Winfield, referred to their own magic as “white magic“, which contrasted with “black magic“, which they associated with evil and Satanism. Sanders also used the similar terminology of “left hand path” to describe malevolent magic, and “right hand path” to describe magic performed with good intentions; [64] terminology that had originated with the occultist Helena Blavatsky in the 19th century. Some modern Wiccans however have stopped using the white-black magic and left-right hand path dichotomies, arguing for instance that the colour black should not necessarily have any associations with evil. [65] 
If you are not familiar with these things, you may scoff at such practices. But the cold, hard reality of the matter is that they are very real. The dark side has power too, and those that have come out of witchcraft can tell you some stories that will stand your hair on end. 
Wiccans think of themselves as “good”, and so they tend to reject blood sacrifices and things of that nature. 
But for those that are deeper into the occult, blood sacrifice is an essential part of Halloween. As I mentioned above, many animal shelters all over the nation ban the adoption of black cats this time of the year… It’s the week of Halloween, and maybe you don’t know this, but if you suddenly wanted to adopt a black cat, you would probably have a hard time. That’s because thanks to their association with witchcraft, accepted wisdom holds that Halloween is a time when people ritualistically mutilate black cats. 
To test if this really was still accepted wisdom, I contacted some animal shelters near to our Los Angeles office, and they all told me they wouldn’t let me adopt a black cat. One, The Lange Foundation—the type of animal rescue that takes in cats from city shelters before they can be euthanized—was willing to talk to me on the phone and explain: If someone were to call and ask specifically for a black cat, that would trigger the policy. “I would say ‘not today!’” said one of the foundation’s board members, Diana Nelson. 
You may not want to believe it, but animals will be killed and little children will be abused on Halloween night. The following is what one ex-witch has sharedregarding her experiences… 
My parents told me before we went around the neighborhood we were going to go by the church (Mormon Church) to get some candy there. The church was very close to my grandmother’s house, and I knew so from going often. 
We went to the church and what happened next made my blood curdle. I was given candy, but that was just a preclude to the sexual abuse that would happen in a satanic ritual. On Halloween Satanists use young children, such as myself, as sexual idols to worship. Other children receive a far worse fate. Death. I know for some this is more than you can even think to believe, but it is true. I can barely write these words because the pain of the truth is almost more than I can bear. If it wasn’t for the grace and love of Jesus Christ, I would not even be here writing this at all. 
You may say “it doesn’t mean that to me”, but you are just fooling yourself. 
Could you take a Satanic Black Mass and turn it into a celebration of Jesus? 
Of course not. 
And yet so many Christians fully embrace Halloween and pretend that there is nothing wrong with it. 
For the record, Satanists absolutely love Halloween. The following comes from the official Church of Satan website… 
Satanists embrace what this holiday has become, and do not feel the need to be tied to ancient practices. This night, we smile at the amateur explorers of their own inner darkness, for we know that they enjoy their brief dip into the pool of the “shadow world.” We encourage their tenebrous fantasies, the candied indulgence, and the wide-ranging evocation of our aesthetics (while tolerating some of the chintzy versions), even if it is but once a year. For the rest of the time, when those not of our meta-tribe shake their heads in wonder at us, we can point out that they may find some understanding by examining their own All Hallows Eve doings, but we generally find it simpler to just say: “Think of the Addams Family and you’ll begin to see what we’re about.” 
Satanists consider Halloween to be one of the most important “holidays” of the year. On page 96 of the Satanic Bible, Anton LaVey wrote the following… 
“After one’s own birthday, the two major Satanic holidays are Walpurgisnacht (May 1st) and Halloween.” 
Isn’t that lovely? 
Despite all of this, most Christians in America will happily celebrate Halloween on October 31st. In fact, one recent survey found that just 8 percent of all Christian pastors want their congregations to skip the holiday altogether. Instead, most of them want their members to invite people to a “Christian version of Halloween” at their churches. The following comes from Charisma… 
Two-thirds (67 percent) encourage church members to invite friends and neighbors to a fall festival, trunk-or-treat or judgment house. Pastors at bigger churches (those with 250 or more in attendance) are most likely to ask church members to invite their neighbors (86 percent) to an event at the church. Those from small churches (50 or less in attendance) are least likely (48 percent). 
If the gospel is preached, I am all for people going to church on October 31st. But all too often these “alternative celebrations” are nothing more than repackaged versions of the same Satanic holiday that the world is celebrating. I like how Pastor Jamie Morgan described what our approach to this day should be… 
Setting aside a day to celebrate evil, darkness, witchcraft, fear, death and the demonic brings disdain to God. Period. A Christian celebrating Halloween would be like a Satan worshiper putting up a nativity scene at Christmas while singing, “Happy Birthday, Jesus!” The two just don’t go together. Jesus has nothing in common with Satan (2 Cor. 6:14), and neither should we. 
And the truth is that God has wanted us to have nothing to do with occult practices from the very beginning. The following is what Deuteronomy 18:9-13 says in the Modern English version… 
9 When you enter into the land which the Lord your God gives you, you must not learn to practice the abominations of those nations . 10 There must not be found among you anyone who makes his son or his daughter pass through the fire, or who uses divination , or uses witchcraft , or an interpreter of omens, or a sorcerer , 11 or one who casts spells , or a spiritualist , or an occultist , or a necromancer . 12 For all that do these things are an abomination to the Lord , and because of these abominations the Lord your God will drive them out from before you. 13 You must be blameless before the Lord your God. 
There will be many people that will read this article and will continue to celebrate Halloween just as they normally do. If that is you, then you need to understand that engaging in dark practices can open up doors to spiritual darkness for yourself and your entire family. 
If you do that, then that is your choice, but as for me and my house we will serve the Lord.",0
11344,Financial Times Fumbles Trump’s Central Banking Criticism,"Financial Times Fumbles Trump’s Central Banking Criticism   
Populists stick to tradition of central bank-bashing … If anyone still doubts the affinity between support for Trump in the US and for Brexit in the UK, they should look no further than the two movements’ attitude to monetary policy. –Financial Times 
The “populism vs. globalism” meme is increasingly evident in the mainstream media just as we predicted, and analyzing it can generate considerable insight into elite plans and societal positioning. 
This Financial Times article provides us further information in a short editorial. Interestingly, it is not by any means persuasive propaganda. It would have been far more effective in the 20 th century than today when so many more people are beginning to be educated about free-market economics. 
More: 
Donald Trump has accused the Federal Reserve of keeping interest rates too low for what is healthy for the economy in order to make the Obama administration, and by extension Hillary Clinton, look good. Theresa May, more elegantly but no more justifiably, used her party Conservative party conference speech to attack the Bank of England’s policy of quantitative easing. 
In both cases, the technocrats at central banks are accused of making policy that helps rich elites and hurts the more deserving common people, be they small savers or hardworking families. 
So far so good. But toward the end of the article we are – unfortunately for the argument – provided with more specifics. This is where the article’s logic weakens and then disintegrates. 
A cursory search of “populism” or “populism vs. globalism” will reveal a tremendous amount of commentary in a short period of time. In fact, this particular dominant social theme seems to be a foundational feature of upcoming arguments in favor of globalism. 
But it is fatally flawed – as this article offers in a few sentences that are meant to be damning but instead reveal the basic bankruptcy of this rhetorical approach: 
Traditionally, populists have berated central banks for their obsession with “sound money”: tight monetary policy, high interest rates and the gold standard. ¨ 
In about 25 words, the article seems to sabotage its entire argument and by extension the larger meme. 
Is this the best that can be done? Probably so. It provides terrible testimony as to the state of elite memes generally. 
For one thing, central bank criticism in the past few decades has not focused on central bank “obsession with sound money.” 
On the contrary, most modern criticism regarding central banking focuses on the endless debasement of the fiat currency monetary facilities spew relentlessly. 
Additionally, critics of central banking in the past decade or more have been sounding the alarm regularly about too-low interest rates. Rates so low, in fact, that they have now gone into negative territory. 
Finally, in addition to mischaracterizing modern central bank criticism, the article doesn’t even attempt to grapple with cogent criticisms of central banking that are common on the Internet today. 
These criticisms are rooted in the free-market economics of the Austrian School, which is in many ways the basis of all modern economics. 
Marginal utility shows us clearly that markets create valid prices. Yet central banks “fix” the value and volume of money via interest rates and in other ways. 
This cognitive dissonance is at the heart of the disaster of modern central banking. 
Ask a central banker if he believes in price fixing, and you should receive a credible, necessary response: Price fixing destroys prosperity by substituting dictates for market competition. And yet … price-fixing is central banking’s significant – sole – methodology. 
In the Internet era, memes have to be convincing and logical to have an impact with the intelligentsia that elites have traditionally sought to propagandize – as they are thought leaders. But here we have one of the most important dominant social themes – populism vs. globalism – being presented in a major financial newspaper in a most unpersuasive way. 
This is probably why the fallback position when it comes to reasserting a necessary matrix of elite propaganda increasingly focuses on censorship. 
The kind of comprehensive effort necessary to reestablish the once-commonly accepted disinformation of the 20 th century is probably beyond the scope of even the most authoritarian propagandizing short of genocide. 
Conclusion: Bur wait, is that a potential world war staining the horizon? …",0
11345,Krikorian: Trump Promised to End DACA on Day One Has ‘Done Absolutely Nothing’,"Mark Krikorian, executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Friday to discuss DREAMers, or those covered under the   ‘Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals’ DACA program. [Breitbart News recently reported on the issue here.  Attorney General Jeff Sessions is defending the deportation of a   convicted illegal immigrant DREAMer who applied for protection under the   ‘Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals’ DACA program. Calling it one of Trump’s biggest “” said Krikorian today, “During the campaign, now President Trump had said he was going to end that (DACA) on day one because it’s an unconstitutional action by the president. And of course he’s right, it’s illegal. And they’ve done nothing to it. They’ve done absolutely nothing. ” He continued, “And what’s remarkable is not that they didn’t fully follow through on that promise because politically I can see how immediately pulling work permits from hundreds of thousands of young people, each one of whom will get his own news story, could be something you want to avoid politically. But they haven’t even stopped issuing DACA work permits to new people who didn’t have them before. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
11346,"Exclusive: Federal Data Can Resolve Vote Fraud Debate, Says Vice Chairman of Donald Trump’s Election Integrity Commission - Breitbart","President Donald Trump’s new bipartisan commission on voting security can use federal data to help resolve the bitter partisan dispute about the reality of   fraudulent voting, Commission   Kris Kobach told Breitbart News. [“The issue of voting fraud often gets politicized, and people are making statements with few foundations [of fact, so] this commission will provide a firm foundation [of] information and facts that are verifiable about the issues surrounding voter fraud,” said Kobach, who is the Kansas Secretary of State and is a   opponent of voters fraud and illegal immigration.   “The states are in the drivers’ seat, but this commission can offer recommendations and evidence” for state legislators to debate, he added, adding that many state elections are decided by fewer than 50 votes.  Koch is   of the panel, which is run by Vice President Mike Pence. The panel is expected to include Democrats, but progressive pressure groups are calling for a Democratic boycott.  The commission is vital because it can use federal data about peoples’ citizenship to help states check the eligibility of people on their voting rolls, Kobach said. “The federal government has a database of all known   residing in or visiting the United States   …     never before has that database been used to run [checks] against the databases of voter rolls in each state,” he said.  Some states have asked for federal data to check their   but “we’ve always been turned down” by the federal government, said Kobach. Election watchers in several states, including Texas and Virginia, have concerns about ineligible voters on their rolls, he said.  In part, vote fraud is important because “close races happen all the time,” he said, adding that Kansas has had more than 20 elections for federal or state seats over the last 20 years which were decided by fewer than 50 votes. “That’s true all across the country,” he said, adding that the panel won’t be looking back at prior elections.  Voter fraud is a moral issue, said Kobach. “There’s a broader principle  —   every time  there is a fraudulent vote, it effectively cancels out a legitimately cast vote by the U. S. citizen. ” But the new bipartisan commission is already being scorched by the Democrats’   coalition, including the ACLU, which is pressuring Democrats to boycott the bipartisan panel.  “As President Trump’s own lawyers have said, ‘All available evidence suggests that the 2016 general election was not tainted by fraud or mistake,’” said a statement from Dale Ho, director of the ACLU’s voting rights office. He continued: This commission, to be   by King of Voter Suppression Kris Kobach, is a sham. We call on professional elections administrators, serious academics, and elected officials to refuse to participate in what will be a pretext for disenfranchising Americans. Ho also urged voting rules be loosened to encourage higher election turnout, saying “the United States has one of the lowest turnout rates in the developed world, and we should be doing everything we can to encourage more people, not fewer, to participate in our democracy. ” Kobach’s   measures in Kansas have prompted angry criticism and lawsuits from progressive groups. For example, the ACLU is suing Kobach’s office to detail his   measures, including a requirement that people prove their citizenship when registering to vote, and show identification when voting. Those   measures have improperly pushed 30, 000 people off the voting rolls, and have halted registration by an additional 35, 000 people, claims the ACLU. Chris Carson, the national president of the League of Women Voters, told the Kansas City Star that the commission is “part of a wider effort to suppress the vote, keep certain politicians in power, and undermine our elections by spreading falsehoods. ” The Democrats’ hostility to Kobach is offset by praise from other lawyers. “I’ve had the pleasure to debate him on voting issues and have found that he is a knowledgeable and engaging advocate,” said Mark Johnson, a Kanas City attorney who is leading a lawsuit to overturn Kobach’s   rules. “Kobach is an honorable public servant and as such, I hope he will put aside any personal beliefs and participate in the investigation with an open mind. ” The commission’s “job is to look at the problem, collect data, and see where the facts are and make some recommendations,” said Kobach. Only legislators in the states have the power to change or preserve their voting systems, he said, because “elections are under the control of the states [according to] the constitution. ” ",0
11347,"Obama, Cementing New Ties With Cuba, Lifts Limits on Cigars and Rum - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   President Obama on Friday moved to cement his administration’s historic opening with Cuba by issuing a sweeping directive that will last beyond his presidency, setting forth a new United States policy to lift the Cold War trade embargo and end a   of clandestine plotting against Cuba’s government. The action formalizes the shift toward normalization that the president unveiled nearly two years ago with the announcement that he and President Raúl Castro of Cuba had secretly agreed to repair their countries’ relationship. Mr. Obama on Friday also made what aides said were likely his final major modifications to loosen United States sanctions on Cuba before leaving office, including lifting the $100 limit on bringing Cuban rum and cigars into the United States. It is Mr. Obama’s latest use of executive power to press forward in the face of lingering opposition in Congress to repealing the embargo, this time through a   document that essentially transforms what has been a presidential priority into a set of official mandates that will shape United States policy toward Cuba for decades. It would take another directive by a future president to reverse the move, but Mr. Obama’s top advisers argued that it would be difficult for a successor to cancel a set of policy changes that are reshaping the way Americans travel to and do business with Cuba. “This directive takes a comprehensive and    approach to promote engagement with the Cuban government and people, and make our opening to Cuba irreversible,” Mr. Obama said in a statement. “Challenges remain  —   and very real differences between our governments persist on issues of democracy and human rights  —   but I believe that engagement is the best way to address those differences and make progress on behalf of our interests and values. ” The policy directive was notable because it was public instead of classified. “We are not seeking to impose regime change on Cuba,” Mr. Obama said, asserting that “the embargo is outdated and should be lifted. ” As if to underscore a stark shift from decades of United States policy toward Cuba, which were marked by spying and suspicion, the document specifically requires that   “democracy programs”  —   which the Castro government has denounced as secret efforts to destabilize the country  —   be “transparent. ” “The United States used to have secret plans for Cuba now our policy is fully out in the open and online for everyone to see and read,” Susan E. Rice, the national security adviser, said at a speech in Washington on Friday. ”What you see is what you get. ” The sanctions eased on Friday were the sixth round of regulatory changes announced by the Treasury and Commerce Departments aimed at easing travel to Cuba as well as trade and commerce between the United States and the island nation. The actions built on a series of milestones with Cuba as Mr. Obama’s tenure draws to a close. Last month, he nominated the first United States ambassador to Cuba in more than 50 years, following the reopening last year of embassies in Washington and Havana. The first direct commercial flight from the United States reached Cuba in August.",0
11348,Back to Blue: UK to Scrap Maroon European Passport for Iconic Dark Blue Design,"The maroon passport currently held by British citizens will revert back to its original dark blue colour as Britain prepares to leave the European Union, the Home Office has confirmed. [The classic dark blue design, which was replaced by   passports in 1988 to comply with EU policy of a single European passport, could be   as soon as 2019, with a range of contractors currently bidding for its production.  In 2007, the European Union sought to further dilute the passport’s individuality by insisting that the words “Her Britannic Majesty,” were removed from the first page. Tory MP Andrew Rosindell, who is chairman of the Parliamentary Flags and Heraldry Committee said: “It’s a matter of identity. Having the pink European passports has been a source of humiliation. It merged us into one European identity, which isn’t what we are. ” “The old dark blue design was a distinct, clear and bold statement of what it means to be British, which is just what our citizens need as they travel abroad after Brexit,” he continued. The current contract with passport manufacturers De La Rue expires with the British government in 2019, with the Home Office now accepting proposals from companies to manage £490 million redesign project. Other priorities for the government’s new design will include incorporating new mechanisms to combat identity fraud. Responding to the news, a Home Office spokesperson said: “We are launching the procurement process now to ensure there is sufficient time to produce and design UK passports from 2019 when the current contract ends. ” The issue of the British passport was one frequently mentioned by former UKIP leader Nigel Farage, who pointed out that as well as having the words ‘European Union’ on the front, it also guarantees British citizenship rights for all 500 million EU citizens.  You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
11349,Video Of Obama Encouraging Illegals To Vote: “Immigration” Will Not Investigate, ,0
11350,"Life: When These Third-Graders Saw Their Classmate Didn’t Have A Lunch, They Kept Feeding Him More And More Lunches Until He Clogged The Door And Got School Canceled","Email 
Life can be tough, but students at Willow Creek Elementary School in Duluth, Minnesota, have done something this year that will make you cry tears of joy: When they noticed that a fellow student wasn’t eating lunch at school, they brought him so many lunches that he clogged the door and school got canceled. 
Compassion for the win! 
When caring students saw that 9-year-old Bryce Oswald was showing up to school every day without a lunch, they knew they had to do something. They started giving Bryce fruit snacks and pats of butter from their lunches, and even pooled their allowances to buy Bryce hoagies and rotisserie chickens in an effort to make sure that he wouldn’t go hungry and would instead get massive enough to clog the door to the school and get school canceled. 
“Bryce didn’t have anything to eat, so we knew we had to help him out,” said Willow Creek student Kali Summers. “We gave him our lunches every day, even if we got really hungry. We knew if he kept eating he would get fat enough to clog up the door and we wouldn’t have to go to school.” 
The plan worked perfectly. In a matter of months, Bryce went from having no lunch at all to having so many lunches that he packed on 115 pounds, got stuck in the door, and school got canceled. The students were so successful in plumping Bryce up that it took four firefighters with a jackhammer to finally be able to pry him out. 
Mission accomplished! 
Due to these kids’ selfless dedication, not only did Bryce not go hungry, but all of the kids and teachers were able to stay home from school to play, watch TV, and relax instead of going to school for a full two days. They aren’t stopping there, either: Even though Bryce is now bigger than any other student in the district, the kids are going to continue to give him lunches in hopes that he can get stuck in the door so tightly that school gets canceled for a full week. 
Beautiful! Adults could learn a thing or two about kindness and commitment to your dreams from these remarkable kids.",0
11351,"Anis Amri, Suspect in the Berlin Truck Attack: What We Know - The New York Times","BERLIN  —   Anis Amri, a Tunisian man who turned 24 on Thursday, is the chief suspect in a   investigation into Germany’s worst terrorist attack in decades. His fingerprints and identity document were found inside a   that plowed into a Christmas market in Berlin on Monday, killing 12 people and injuring about 50 more. Here is a timeline of events in Mr. Amri’s life, drawn from government statements, interviews with officials and relatives, and news media accounts. Dec. 22, 1992: Mr. Amri is born in Oueslatia, a town in the midwest region of Tunisia, the youngest in a family of five sisters and four brothers. He drops out of secondary school at 14, and gains a reputation for drinking, partying and playing music. March 2011: Mr. Amri leaves with three friends by boat for Italy a few months after the start of the political uprising that overthrows Tunisia’s longtime president. He is later convicted in absentia by a Tunisian court for stealing a car, and sentenced to five years in prison. October   2015: Mr. Amri is arrested in Belpasso, Italy  —   a small town on the east coast of Sicily  —   and is sentenced to four years in prison for causing a fire, damaging property and making threats, according to the Italian Justice Ministry. Local news outlets report that three Tunisian asylum seekers, including a    with the initials A. A. were arrested for setting fire to the center where they were staying, to protest poor living conditions and delays in the processing of their asylum claims. Italian prison records show he spent nearly four years in a total of six prisons. July 2015: Mr. Amri enters Germany. According to Ralf Jäger, the interior minister of North   Germany’s most populous state, Mr. Amri is “highly mobile” over the next few months, passing through Freiburg, a city in the southwest, Berlin, and North  . February 2016: Mr. Amri settles in Berlin, according to Mr. Jäger. His sisters said he finds work in construction and as a cook. March 14, 2016: Authorities in Berlin open a file on Mr. Amri because, according to the Berlin state prosecutor, of “indications from the federal security authorities” that he was a potential threat. Mr. Amri had evidently planned a robbery to get money to buy automatic weapons, “possibly in order to carry out an attack,” the prosecutor said. Undercover surveillance, including electronic monitoring of Mr. Amri’s movements, begins. The surveillance leads the authorities to believe that Mr. Amri is involved in drug dealing in the city’s notorious Görlitzer Park. Prosecutors said that, at one point, he got into a fight in a bar after a quarrel with another dealer. April 2016: Mr. Amri reportedly makes a formal application for asylum in Germany. June 2016: Mr. Amri is ordered deported. But, according to Mr. Jäger, he cannot be sent back to Tunisia because the country does not acknowledge that he is a citizen and he does not have a valid passport. July 30, 2016:  Police in a town on the border with Switzerland detain Mr. Amri after checking the documents of passengers on a bus heading for Zurich. Given the deportation order, and the fact that it is a Saturday, a court orders Mr. Amri held for 48 hours in a jail in the town of Friedrichshafen, on Lake Constance. Aug. 1, 2016: Mr. Amri is released early, according to the director of the jail, Thomas Mönig, on the order of the office responsible for dealing with foreigners in Kleve  —   in the far northwest of Germany  —   because it has no way to carry out the deportation. He gives his address as being in Karlsruhe, about 125 miles from Friedrichshafen. September 2016: The monitoring of Mr. Amri ends, for reasons that are not clear. Nov. 8, 2016: German authorities detain Abu Walaa, a Salafist preacher known as the “man without a face” because he never faces the camera when delivering video sermons, and a   identified as Boban S. German media reports say Mr. Amri was a guest several times at Boban S. ’s home. Dec. 19, 2016:  Shortly after 8 p. m. a truck apparently hijacked by Mr. Amri careens into the Christmas market in Breitscheidplatz, a main public square in Berlin. Among the 12 people killed in the market are the Polish driver of the truck, whose body is found inside the cab an Israeli visitor and an Italian working in Berlin. Dec. 21, 2016: In the Dutch city of Nijmegen  —   it is not yet clear how he got there  —   Mr. Amri gets a free cellphone SIM card from a company that is handing them out at shopping malls. In Germany that evening, a warrant is issued for his arrest a reward of 100, 000 euros, or about $104, 000, is offered for information leading to his capture. Meanwhile, the Tunisian passport for Mr. Amri that the German authorities said was necessary for him to be deported finally arrives, months after it was requested. Dec. 22, 2016: The authorities conduct raids at several homes associated with Mr. Amri, as well as a Muslim cultural center and prayer room. They also search a bus in Heilbronn, a city in southwestern Germany. The federal prosecutor’s office announces that Mr. Amri’s fingerprints were found on the driver’s door of the truck and on the   one of the upright structural supports on the side of the cab. Dec. 23, 2016: Mr. Amri shoots and wounds an Italian police officer in Sesto San Giovanni, a suburb north of Milan, after he is asked to show identification papers. In the gunfight, he is shot and killed. He had traveled there by train from Lyon, in central France, passing through Chambéry, France Turin, in northwestern Italy and the Central Station in Milan, where he arrived around 1 a. m. before making his way to Sesto San Giovanni.",0
11352,European Union Offers a Million Debit Cards for Syrian Refugees in Turkey,"European Union Offers a Million Debit Cards for Syrian Refugees in Turkey   Breitbart 
In an effort to keep more Syrian migrants from flooding into Europe, the European Union (EU) is providing funding for a million debit cards for Syrian refugees in Turkey. 
Turkey is currently home to some 3 million Syrian migrants who have been prevented from traveling to Europe thanks to an accord between the EU and the Turkish government that went into effect last March. 
Life in Turkey for many of the migrants is reportedly very harsh, and their presence has also placed an added economic burden on their host country. To combat both of these problems the EU has launched an ambitious aid program of more than $375 million, targeting a million of the neediest Syrians in Turkey. 
The debit cards , called the Kizilay card (Turkish for “Red Crescent”), are meant to ease the economic burden on Syrian migrants as well as provide a substantial cash injection into the Turkish economy. 
The cards can be used to buy virtually anything—food, medicine or clothing—or redeemed for cash. According to Red Crescent’s Director General Mehmet Gulluoglu, they will allow refugees living outside camps to spend or redeem up to 100 Turkish lira a month, or about $30 for each registered family member. 
“They can pay their rents, pay their bills or for food, whatever they need,” Gulluoglu said. “Because it will be certain, it will be concrete and it will be regular support.” 
Recipients for the card are being chosen based on need, according to EU Humanitarian Aid Commissioner Christos Stylianides. 
“They will get monthly cash transfers to the card. And of course they will be able to buy what they need to put bread on the table for their families, to provide a roof for their families, to send their children to school instead of being forced to send them to work,” he said.",0
11353,"What Should Senators Ask Scott Pruitt, Trump’s E.P.A. Nominee? Here’s What Readers Said - The New York Times","On Wednesday, the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee will consider   Donald J. Trump’s choice  of Scott Pruitt, Oklahoma’s attorney general since 2011, to lead the Environmental Protection Agency. Mr. Pruitt spent much of his time in office fighting the Obama administration over the E. P. A. ’s actions to regulate air and water pollution and to curb greenhouse gas emissions. The committee is led by Senator John Barrasso, Republican of Wyoming, an outspoken contrarian on climate change, and includes several Republicans openly hostile to federal action to address it. The Democratic members of the committee include some of the Senate’s strongest supporters of the E. P. A. and most forceful voices for decisive action on climate change. We asked readers what questions they would ask if they could question Mr. Pruitt. More than 2, 000 replied, and their answers largely fell into a few categories. Here is what some of them would like to know. Many readers seemed familiar with Mr. Pruitt’s statement that the science of climate change is “far from settled. ” Most pointed out that an overwhelming majority of climate scientists agree that climate change is happening and is caused by human activity, specifically by the emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases, and asked for Mr. Pruitt’s sources for his position. Seth Rudman, 28, a scientific researcher at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, asked, “Can you describe the shortcomings of the scientific evidence for climate change and the type of data that would be needed to convince you that climate change is happening?” While being a scientist is not a requirement for the job, readers worried about what having a climate denialist at the top might mean for the agency. “During the Bush administration, climate scientists, including Dr. James Hansen, claimed that their voices were suppressed and their reports changed to minimize the role of humans in accelerating climate change and its impact,” wrote Donald Chartier, 60, the founder and chief executive of an internet company in Chicago. “Can you assure us that E. P. A. scientists will be allowed to present scientific evidence and data freely to the American people, without retaliation?” Others focused on the risk Mr. Pruitt was taking by denying the risks of climate change. “If the scientific consensus on climate change proves correct and the changes in the Earth’s weather cause widespread devastation, loss of life and property and great economic damage, who should be held responsible for staying the actions that might have prevented or ameliorated these outcomes?” asked Joseph Griffin, 72, a retiree from Bellefonte, Pa. During his time as attorney general of Oklahoma, Mr. Pruitt has been seen by some to be cozy with the fossil fuel industry. He filed 14 suits against the E. P. A. challenging the agency’s environmental regulations, looking to soften the blow of federal policies against oil, gas, agriculture and other interests. In 13 of those cases, companies that had contributed money to Mr. Pruitt or to   political campaign committees also signed on. Readers were concerned that Mr. Pruitt might continue to advance the interests of industry, possibly to the detriment of public health and safety. “How do you intend to serve the public need to protect the environment when you have demonstrated a preference for the rights of corporate shareholders?” asked Alison ten Cate, 50, an energy efficiency consultant from Belmont, Calif. Others wrote that Mr. Pruitt should be asked if he would be willing to disclose the companies and lobbyists that have given money to his campaigns, and agree to recuse himself from decisions involving them. Mr. Pruitt has argued that states are in a better position to regulate their environment and industries than the federal government, which he has accused of overreach. Many readers argued that air and water do not respect state borders, so it is the federal government’s responsibility to regulate these interstate issues. “You have worked against the E. P. A. in favor of managing interstate and global issues at the state level. Why?” asked Charles Haddox, 59, a marketing manager in Denver. “What success stories can you relate in detail showing states are more successful at protecting resources in the absence of federal regulation?” They also wondered where the limits of Mr. Pruitt’s federalism might lie. “Does your belief in federalism mean you will not interfere with the efforts of California and other states to address climate change?” wrote Michael McCabe, 19, a student at Sarah Lawrence College. “Or will you serve the interests of the fossil fuel industry and interfere with states’ efforts?” Some asked practical questions, like Mavis   65, a   teacher and naturalist in Memphis, who wanted to know how Mr. Pruitt could continue to push for state and local jurisdiction of clean air and water “in light of the Flint, Mich. water scandal. ” High levels of lead were found in the city’s water supply, largely a result of state and local regulatory failures, and the federal government had to intervene (some argue too late). Several readers seemed puzzled at why Mr. Pruitt would want to run a federal regulatory agency if he saw federal regulations as a problem, and wondered if he had other ideas for how to regulate pollutants. Some also would like to hear examples of success on environmental issues from his time in office in Oklahoma. Mark Baker, 48, an American who works for Diageo, an international beverage company, in Brussels, asked, “Can you provide an example of a policy that originated at the state or local level under your watch in Oklahoma and that resulted in cleaner water or air for Oklahoma’s citizens?” “Do you believe in protecting water, air and land from pollution?” wrote Sabina Gasper, 55, who works for the pharmaceutical industry in Bismarck, N. D. “Do you believe that regulations are the way to do this? If not, how should these resources be protected?” Some struck a more hopeful tone, like Lilian Howard, “nearing 80 years of age,” a retired travel consultant and writer from Virginia Beach, who wrote, “Would you briefly discuss a few actions by the E. P. A. which you believe were successful in protecting the American people and their natural surroundings from harm and how you might hope we can improve upon these during the new administration?”",0
11354,"Davi: To Influence Hollywood, Conservatives Need to Grow a Pair - Breitbart","My Dear Fellow Americans,[The other day, while checking various websites and news outlets for what’s brewing in the political world, I came upon an article in the Los Angeles Times about conservatives in Hollywood.  Needless to say, I had my own atypical response to this article, for a variety of reasons  …     The first reaction I had was one of passionate disappointment. You see, every few years an article like this is written, and it doesn’t change the prevailing narrative namely, that conservatives in Hollywood are fearful of being blacklisted and unable to find work due to their political beliefs. But something more important is revealed this time, and that is this: Conservatives in Hollywood simply lack balls. I want to say I have deep respect and affection for all, but conservatives must no longer walk around like the character Ted Levine played in Silence of the Lambs, with his manhood hidden between his legs (of course, I am not referring to female conservatives, so no sexism here). Political differences have always occurred amongst the Hollywood set. Back in the 30s, 40s and 50s, Communist socialists were prevalent in Hollywood, and many had to hold their love of Joseph Stalin and his philosophy in the dark for fear of being blacklisted. The difference is  that was an imported Socialistic Marxist ideology that was anathema to America and her principles. The studio heads at that time were a different breed they had came to America with a love for its opportunity, and under the motto “America First. ” Those who were open to this Marxist Communist ideology had to meet in secret, and their numbers grew they were the True Believers, revolutionaries, many of the elite in Hollywood. They met in the shadows  …     and when the light shone upon them, some were punished, and some had careers ruined. But instead of being snuffed out, they went underground, morphed, and were able to continue to affect media, culture, religion, politics and education. Needless to say, because of this development, Hollywood and the rest of the nation have become indoctrinated to such a degree that we are now a nation entirely at odds with each other. This still goes on today, with major filmmakers using their talents to pick projects that forward their worldview as citizens of the world. Look, I feel a connectedness to all nationalities and cultures. We are all interconnected. But I maintain a strong American identity. The LA Times article linked to above relates that in the 1990s, there was not as much divisiveness in Hollywood. Well, think about it. We had eight years of Reagan in the 80s, and then four years of Bush I. That’s 12 years of Conservatives in power. Then we had eight years of Clinton, who was something of a moderate, who passed NAFTA. Of course, there seemed to be more unity at the time. But underneath it all, work was being done to change the thinking of the voting populace in America. Then, after eight years of Bush II and eight years of Obama, Progressive Socialists had finally deconstructed “E pluribus Unum” into special interest groups and wove a new flag, one which did not represent “One Nation Under God ” but which appears to represent “No Nation, No Borders, Burn The Flag. ” My dear friends: satirical, biting political humor has long been a fixture of Hollywood. But I do not ever remember this degree of fear and hatred. The LA Times article, while bemoaning the fate of certain conservatives in the entertainment industry, is also a hit piece on President Trump. The headline alone suggests it, and those great souls in the article who make it known they are reluctant or not Trump supporters provide the tell. The left in Hollywood are quick to flaunt their political allegiances this provides them the ability to both grow in number and maintain their level of influence. Meanwhile, the right in Hollywood, for the most part, hide in the shadows and cower. When they do make their views known, conservatives are minimized and their careers are attacked as irrelevant, or as “not   enough. ” I have been subject to these lines of attack and others, most recently by Billy Maher and some   websites that deliberately misconstrued my statements and attempted to poke fun at me. I get it, fair game! But, my dear friends, this does not make me cower or hide in the closet. On the contrary, like the great character Cyrano De Bergerac, I find it stimulating. You see, sunlight is needed for life. I understand the current blacklist I’ve had my fair share of the insidious tactic. But unless Conservatives can voice their political opinions without fear of personal or professional reprisal, there will never be an equalizing, or even a discussion, with those who disagree. Look at the courage it took for those brave souls in the LGBT community to come out for their beliefs. If they had remained silent, no change would have occurred. Hollywood conservatives do a disservice to their ideology and the country by not respectfully letting their views be known. This lets the left piss all over you. If Conservatives came out in force, with ideas and respect and instead of looking at the left as an enemy to hide from  …     How about convening a conference of Left and Right. Not a “Politicon,” but a meeting for those on the left and we on the right to come together as AMERICANS, and not as each other’s enemy. I ask a couple of Hollywood’s Elder Statesmen, Norman Lear and Jeffrey Katzenberg, to meet with me to put this idea in motion, and at the same time, on the Conservative side, for Jerry Bruckheimer and Clint Eastwood, to meet with me and discuss how we can find a way forward. When I was a boy, while watching the funeral procession of the Great Martin Luther King Jr. on NBC, I observed a rickety wooden cart being pulled by two mules and behind the cart, a sea of people. In the cart lay the body of MLK at that moment, he represented the totality of the human struggle. I remember feeling then, while watching the procession on TV, that we, as a country, were either going to pull together or else come apart. The country is as divided as it has ever been, and it not because of President Donald Trump. To blame him is a lie and a   excuse. We in Hollywood can help pull this country together instead of breaking it apart any further. We owe that responsibility to our youth. Hollywood helps frame a cultural message, and we must step up at this time. The Democrats’ battle cry should not be “RESIST. ” This is a danger to the fabric of our society. The blacklist was broken in the 50s it is time for those in the liberal bastion of power to break it today, and to not punish conservatives for their difference in beliefs. Is this not the American Way? My dear fellow Hollywood conservatives: do we not as a minority deserve a place at the table? And my dear liberal progressive Hollywood elites: are we not all Americans?   Unemployed, but with big balls, God bless, Robert Davi",0
11355,¡Directores de BCRP ilegalmente designados!,"Páginas Libres
¡Directores de BCRP ilegalmente designados! Socios | 29 de octubre de 2016 por Guillermo Olivera Díaz*
29-10-2016
Resulta ilegal, por ende NULA, la elección de los 3 nuevos directores del BCRP. Tanto la repentina proposición, ante la Junta de Portavoces, como la velocísima designación por el Pleno del Congreso, sin debate alguno, ni examen de requisitos legales, no cumplen las exigencias que expresamente contempla la Ley Orgánica del Banco.
La ""reconocida solvencia moral"" y la ""amplia competencia y experiencia en economía y finanzas"", requisitos que exige esa Ley, no se presumen o infieren. Deben acreditarse documental e indubitablemente y entrevistando a los propuestos, supuestos que no se han cumplido en ningún momento y forma.
La extraña propuesta y maratónica designación, de un día para otro, viola o infringe lo dispuesto en forma expresa y apodíctica, por la enorme importancia de esta función pública, en el Artículo 11° de la Ley Orgánica del Banco.
Rafael Rey, integró la plancha presidencial de Keiko en el 2011; José Chlimper, es secretario general de Fuerza Popular y también integró la plancha presidencial del fujimorismo el 2016; y Elmer Cuba, fue casi el único vocero económico en la última campaña electoral de Fuerza Popular, pese a que visiblemente había militado en otro partido del cual era fundador. Por ende, se trata de personajes parcializados, con apego aluvional partidario y ajenos a los intereses generales y neutrales del Banco Central de Reserva.
Tienen los 3 designados una estrecha vinculación con el fujimorismo y Keiko Fujimori; su designación, de un día de proposición: a las 4 pm, a otro de designación, luego de una repentina y misteriosa propuesta sin documentos de los propuestos, incumple la letra y espíritu del citado Artículo 11° de la ley del Banco Central de Reserva.
Lo que dice la norma:
Artículo 11: “Los directores deben ser peruanos, tener reconocida solvencia moral y poseer amplia competencia y experiencia en economía y finanzas. No representan a entidad o interés particular alguno y su voto debe tener en cuenta únicamente el cumplimiento de la finalidad y las funciones del Banco”.
Los tres largamente incumplen esta disposición, pues no se ha establecido debidamente, mediante el escrutinio necesario y documentos del caso, que posean esa reconocida solvencia moral y que tengan no solo competencia o pericia, sino que tengan amplia experiencia en economía y finanzas, que solo es posible acreditarlo mediante el examen correspondiente, en un proceso que debe sujetarse al escrutinio congresal y público, lo cual claramente se ha esquivado o escamoteado. Se ha omitido acatar la ley.
Además, los tres representan claramente los intereses de Fuerza Popular y de Keiko, y eso está muy claro. Su conducta repetida y pública lo demuestra hasta la saciedad. Profusas fotos hablan de esta íntima anastomosis partidaria.
La solvencia moral no se presume, ni consta en el aire, no es gaseosa, debe demostrarse, acreditarse o probarse y con mayor razón si ella debe ser RECONOCIDA por muchos o por todos
Igualmente, la competencia y experiencia en las materias económica y finanzas no se deducen o se coligen por los dichos de los propios interesados, sino que igualmente deben acreditarse, cosa que no se ha hecho. Resulta así absolutamente ilegal esta proposición y designación de los tres candidatos. Alguien debe impugnar este nombramiento ante el Congreso o ante el Poder Judicial. Lo que viola la ley es pasible de nulidad.
Tomado de http://senaldealerta.pe/opini%C3%B3...
* [email protected]",0
11356,Feds warn NYC officials about possible al Qaeda attack,"Feds warn NYC officials about possible al Qaeda attack 11/04/2016 
NEW YORK POST 
New York City law enforcement authorities are on high alert after receiving a warning by the feds about a possible attack by al Qaeda on the eve of Election Day, sources said. 
US intelligence officials alerted joint terrorism task forces of the threat, which also included Texas and Virginia — though specific sites targeted for Monday in the three states were not mentioned, a federal source told The Post. 
Mayor Bill de Blasio said Friday he had learned of the threat several days ago during classified briefings. 
“We are still very much assessing the credibility. It is not at all clear how credible this is,” de Blasio told WNYC’s Brian Lehrer on his weekly radio show. “We’re certainly in a vigilant position.” 
Hizzoner said the NYPD is planning an “extraordinary” police presence for Tuesday, when Americans go to the polls. 
“For the first time in memory there will be two presidential campaigns having their victory celebrations in New York City on Tuesday night,” he said, quickly correcting himself that only one candidate will be celebrating. 
Donald Trump, the Republican nominee, will be at the New York Hilton Midtown on Sixth Avenue, while Hillary Clinton, his Democratic counterpart, will be at the Javits Convention Center across town on 11th Avenue. 
Police also will be heavily deployed for the New York City Marathon on Sunday, de Blasio said. 
Meanwhile, Gov. Andrew Cuomo declined to confirm the threat Friday but also noted the high state of alert for Election Day. 
“We have more state police, more National Guard, more soldiers on duty than ever before,” he said. “So the bad news is New York is often a threat. The good news is we’ve been dealing with this now for over a decade and we have prepared for it.” 
The NYPD and the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey said they had been alerted to the possible attacks. 
“We are aware of the information. We have been working with the FBI through the Joint Terrorism Task Force and our Counterterrorism and Intelligence Bureaus,” the NYPD said in a statement. 
“We continue to encourage anyone with any information that could be relevant to the safety of our city to contact law enforcement,” the department said. 
The Port Authority — which operates airports, tunnels and bridges in and around the Big Apple — said it too was prepared. 
“We are continuing the high level of security we have had in place at all of our facilities for many months,” spokesman Steve Coleman told The Post. 
The FBI did not comment specifically about the threat against the three states, but said counterterrorism and Homeland Security authorities “remain vigilant and well-postured” to handle attacks. 
“The FBI, working with our federal, state and local counterparts, shares and assesses intelligence on a daily basis and will continue to work closely with law enforcement and intelligence community partners to identify and disrupt any potential threat to public safety,” an FBI official said. 
Friday’s threat followed a report by NBC News that the US government believes hackers from Russia or other countries may try to unleash cyberattacks to wreak havoc ahead of Election Day. 
An effort coordinated by the White House and the Department of Homeland Security — and including the CIA, the National Security Agency and other elements of the Department of Defense — is being conducted to avert attacks, NBC News reported.",0
11357,"Republican Convention, Hillary Clinton, Roger Ailes: Your Tuesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. The second day of the Republican National Convention was shadowed by the first, thanks not only to the tough oratory, but also to Melania Trump’s speech, which contained passages that were virtually identical to some in Michelle Obama’s convention speech in 2008. Mr. Trump’s campaign and senior Republicans offered conflicting explanations for similarities in the speeches. Mr. Trump’s campaign chairman, denying plagiarism, accused Hillary Clinton’s campaign of trying to draw attention to the issue. _____ 2. It’s official. Delegates in Cleveland formally nominated Mr. Trump. Tonight’s speakers, who are to focus on jobs and the economy, included two top Republicans who have kept Mr. Trump at a distance: the House speaker, Paul Ryan, and the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell. Ben Carson Chris Christie, who was passed over as running mate, and two Trump children, Donald Jr. above, and Tiffany, also spoke tonight. Our live coverage is here. _____ 3. The Republicans’ convention, and the Democrats’ next week, is drawing out two familiar satirists: Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert’s unctuous commentator “Stephen Colbert. ” “The Late Show,” with Mr. Colbert as host and Mr. Stewart as executive producer, plans live broadcasts after each night of both conventions. So far, the idea has been good for ratings. Monday night’s program was the No. 1 broadcast   show for the first time in five months. _____ 4. Hillary Clinton is weighing a shortlist of possible running mates that includes Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, the retired Navy Adm. James Stavridis, Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey, Labor Secretary Thomas Perez, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio. Our   experts have created an elections model that puts Mrs. Clinton’s chances of winning at 76 percent and Mr. Trump’s at 24 percent. _____ 5. Roger Ailes, the subject of a lawsuit accusing him of sexual harassment, is in talks with 21st Century Fox on his departure as chairman of Fox News, according a person briefed on the discussions. A consulting role at Fox News appeared a possibility. His exit or demotion would be a stunning fall. Mr. Ailes, pictured above as he started Fox News 20 years ago, turned it into a   cable news program and the leading media platform for conservatives. _____ 6. NASA scientists were so stunned by global temperatures that they pushed up their annual announcement by months. Every month so far this year has hit a global heat record. _____ 7. Wildlife experts have an idea on how to reduce the Northeast’s booming population of   deer, which pose an increasing hazard to drivers. Bring back the cougar, they argue in a new paper. The eastern cougar could prey on enough deer in its historic range to prevent 155 human deaths and 21, 400 human injuries, and save $2. 3 billion, over the course of 30 years. But it seems unlikely that people would accept the cost: an estimated one human death a year from wild cougars. _____ 8. Lawsuits filed by three states say Volkswagen’s emission deception went all the way to the top. The suits say the company’s current chief executive, Matthias Müller, was aware 10 years ago, when he headed VW’s luxury division, that Audis were not being outfitted with equipment needed to meet U. S.   standards. “The idea that this level of fraud could take place and involve so many people at such high levels of a major international corporation is appalling,” said Eric Schneiderman, the New York attorney general. _____ 9. The nation’s racial tensions are playing out in the entertainment world. Leslie Jones, a star of the   “Ghostbusters” reboot, left Twitter after trolls pelted her with slurs, threats and pornography. “I mean on my worst day I can’t think of this type of hate to put out,” she posted in disbelief. Twitter said that it was trying to rein in abusers, but acknowledged that it was not “where it should be on how we handle these issues. ” _____ 10. The Islamic State claimed responsibility for another attack in Europe: a    Afghan immigrant who used an ax on four passengers on a Bavarian train, got out and then seriously injured a woman who was walking her dog. The random nature of ISIS attacks grew more clear, as a regional Islamic group in Nice, France, said that more than a third of 84 people killed by a rampaging truck were Muslims. _____ 11. Finally, good news and bad news. The bad: A huge construction crane collapsed on the Tappan Zee Bridge, north of New York City, shutting down traffic on major highways. The good: No one was killed. “It’s a miracle that the boom fell across six lanes of traffic, cars that are doing 60 to 70 miles an hour, and not one car was hit by the boom,” said an official with the crane operators’ union. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
11358,"BRİCS ülkeleri ABD’nin mali savaşıyla baş etmek zorunda, yazan Ariel Noyola Rodríguez","BRİCS ülkeleri ABD’nin mali savaşıyla baş etmek zorunda yazan Ariel Noyola Rodríguez ABD’nin başlattığı mali savaşla baş edebilmek için, BRİCS ülkelerinin ekonomi ve finans alanlarındaki işbirliği bağlarını acilen güçlendirmeleri gerekiyor. BRİCS ülkelerinin yeni kalkınma bankasının kredi hacmini ve aynı şekilde döviz rezervi derinliğini arttırması gerekiyor. Bunun dışında BRİCS ülkelerinin mümkün olan en kısa zamanda kendi kredi derecelendirme kuruluşunu oluşturmaları gerekir. Ekonomik bütünleşmeyi yoğunlaştırmak için bir serbest bölgenin oluşturulması gümrük engellerini ortadan kaldıracak ve böylece kendi aralarındaki ticaretin etkili bir şekilde artmasını sağlayacaktır. Kısacası, eğer kısa zamanda uygun önlemler alınmazsa, BRİCS ülkeleri yaklaşan mali tayfun sırasında batma riski taşıyorlar.
Voltaire İletişim Ağı | Meksiko (Meksika) | 5 Kasım 2016 français русский italiano Español Deutsch 15 ve 16 Ekim tarihlerinde, Hindistan’ın Goa Eyaletinde, BRİCS’in (Brezilya, Rusya, Hindistan, Çin ve Güney Afrika) sekizinci zirvesi yapıldı. Toplantının, küresel ekonominin çok kritik durumu bağlamında gerçekleştirildiğini kabul etmeliyiz. Bu arada, BRİCS ülkeleri, kötü bir dönemi stratejik bakış açısından hareketle aralarındaki bağları derinleştirmek için bir fırsata dönüştürme konusundaki olağanüstü yeteneklerini bir kez daha ortaya koydular.
BRİCS ekonomileri altın çağlarını yaşadıktan sonra, son yıllarda, büyüme oranları sert bir şekilde yavaşladı. Bu zor durum karşısında, BRİCS ülkelerinin, bundan birkaç yıl önce Fortaleza’da (Brezilya) yaptıkları altıncı zirce sırasında kuruluşunu dünyaya duyurdukları mali kurumlardan yararlanmaya şimdi her zamankinden daha çok ihtiyaçları vardır [ 1 ].
Geçtiğimiz Nisan ayında, yeni Kalkınma Bankası 800 milyon doların üstünde bir tutarda ilk kredisini verdi [ 2 ] ve 2017 yılında verilen toplam kredi tutarının 2 500 milyon doları bulması bekleniyor [ 3 ]. Bunun dışında, bu yılın Temmuz ayında, aynı mali kurum, 450 milyon dolara yakın bir tutarda Yuan cinsinden « green bonds » -yeşil tahvil- itfasını tarihi bir gerçekleşme ile başarıyla yürüttü [ 4 ]. Bu mali enstrümanlar, dünya ölçeğinde Çin para biriminin etkisini arttırırken, büyük yatırım projelerinin finansmanını sağlıyorlar.
Bu arada, 100 milyar dolar değerindeki döviz rezervi fonu (İngilizce kısaltmasıyla CRA), Hindistan Maliye Bakanı Arun Jaitley’in duyurduğu gibi, BRİCS ülkelerinin ödemeler dengesine istikrar kazandırmak üzere ilk kredilerini vermeye hazırdır [ 5 ]. ABD Federal Rezervi (FED), alışageldiği üzere, küresel çapta yeni bir mali krize yol açacak şekilde federal faiz oranlarının artışı tehdidini her savurduğunda, BRİCS ülkelerinin istikrar fonlarının parasal kaynaklarını olabildiğince hızlı bir şekilde arttırmaları önem kazanıyor. Aksi taktirde, büyük yatırım bankalarının spekülatif bahisleri nedeniyle ciddi hasar alma riski taşımaktadırlar.
Aynı zamanda BRİCS ülkelerinin, sadece yaptıkları ticarette yerel para birimlerini kullanarak değil ama aynı zamanda örneğin kendi merkez bankalarında Yuan cinsinden rezervleri arttırarak uluslararası mali sistem içerisindeki ABD ve dolar hegemonyasına açık bir şekilde meydan okumak üzere yeni cepheler açmaya ihtiyacı vardır [ 6 ]. Üstelik halkın para birimi –Çince Renminbi- geçen 1 Ekim tarihinde, 1960 yılında Uluslararası Para Fonu’nun (İMF) tarafından oluşturulan özel çekim hakkını destekleyen elit para birimleri sepetine resmi olarak kabul edildi [ 7 ].
Bunun dışında BRİCS ülkelerinin, Latin Amerika, Asya, Afrika ve Ortadoğu ile aralarındaki güçlü jeopolitik bağlar sayesinde mali bir ittifakı harekete geçirme yeteneği de vardır. İster Asya Altyapı Yatırım Bankası (İngilizce kısaltmasıyla AIIB), ister ALBA Bankası (Bizim Amerikamız için Bolivarcı İttifak) ve hatta nihayet bu yılın sonundan önce faaliyete geçecek olan Güney Bankası olsun, temel olarak çevre ülkeleri tarafından biçimlendirilen Bölgesel Kalkınma Bankaları bu amaca hizmet edebilir.
Fitch, Moody’s ve Standard & Poor’s aracılığıyla ABD’nin elinde olan ezici hakimiyetten kurtulmaları için, kendilerine ait bir kredi derecelendirme kuruluşunun oluşturulması da, BRİCS ülkeleri için acil bir ihtiyaç haline geldi [ 8 ]. Bu üç kredi derecelendirme kurumu, teknik kriterlerden hareketle değerlendirmeler yapmak yerine, özellikle uzaktan kumandalı politik içerikli eğilimlerle hareket ediyorlar. Bu çalışma tarzı söz konusu kuruluşları, devlet tahvillerinin notlarını indirerek ve böylece Yunanistan, Rusya ya da Venezüella gibi ülkelerin kredi maliyetlerini çarpıcı bir şekilde artırarak özgün bir savaş aygıtı haline getiriyor.
Ekonomik bütünleşme, son yıllarda, özellikle de 2001 ve 2015 arasında BRİCS ülkeleri arasındaki ticaretin toplam ticaretlerine oranı % 6’dan % 12’ye çıkarak [ 9 ] ikiye katlanmasıyla büyük şekilde gelişmesine rağmen, bir başka büyük meydan okumadır. Çin, uzaktan bakıldığında diğer BRİCS ülkeleriyle en çok entegre olan ekonomidir. Buna karşın, Hindistan ve Güney Afrika gibi ülkelerin arasındaki bağlar marjinaldir. Aynı durum Brezilya ve Rusya için de geçerlidir. Bu da BRİCS ülkeleri arasında bir serbest ticaret bölgesinin oluşturulmasının yerindeliğini ortaya koyuyor [ 10 ]. Öte yandan, kendi aralarındaki ticari engelleri ortadan kaldırmanın ötesinde, BRİCS ülkeleri kendi aralarında, en elverişsiz ülkelerin sanayileşmesini teşvik etmek için üretim sistemlerinin entegrasyonu yoluyla, birlikte değer zincirlerinin inşasını desteklemelidir.
Sonuç olarak, gelişmekte olan beş gücün karşısında ufukta birçok meydan okuma vardır. Bunun devamında BRİCS ülkelerinin başarısı yeniden icat etme yeteneklerine, uzun vadeli hedeflerine ulaşmak için yeni işbirliği boyutlarının ifadesi yolundaki yaratıcılıklarına bağlı olacaktır. Amerika’nın hazırlığını yaptığı yeni mali savaş karşısında, BRİCS ülkelerinin yeniden saldırıya geçmesinin zamanı gelmiştir…
Ariel Noyola Rodríguez Çeviri
Osman Soysal
Kaynak
Russia Today (Russie)",0
11359,"After Barring Girls for Leggings, United Airlines Defends Decision - The New York Times","United Airlines barred two teenage girls from boarding a flight on Sunday morning and required a child to change into a dress after a gate agent decided the leggings they were wearing were inappropriate. That set off waves of anger on social media, with users criticizing what they called an intrusive, sexist policy, but the airline maintained its support for the gate agent’s decision. The girls, who were about to board a flight to Minneapolis, were turned away at the gate at Denver International Airport, the company said on Sunday. United doubled down on that decision, defending it in a series of tweets on Sunday. The incident was first reported on Twitter by Shannon Watts, a passenger at the airport who was waiting to board a flight to Mexico. In a telephone interview from Mexico on Sunday afternoon, Ms. Watts said she noticed two visibly upset teenage girls leaving the gate next to hers. Both were wearing leggings. Ms. Watts went over to the neighboring gate and saw a “frantic” family with two young girls, one of whom was also wearing leggings, engaged in a tense exchange with a gate agent who told them, “I don’t make the rules, I just enforce them. ” Ms. Watts said the girl’s mother told her the two teenagers had just been turned away because the gate agent said their pants were not appropriate travel attire. The woman had a dress in her   bag that the child was able to pull on over her pants, and the family boarded the flight. “The girl pulled a dress on,” Ms. Watts said. “But please keep in mind that the dad had on shorts that did not hit his knee  —   they stopped maybe two or three inches above his knee  —   and there was no issue with that. ” Ms. Watts judged that the two girls who were barred from boarding were in their “young teens” and the girl who changed into a dress was 10 or 11. Ms. Watts described the situation in a series of tweets before her flight to Mexico took off. By the time she landed her tweets had been shared widely, often accompanied by sharp criticism directed at the airline. Jonathan Guerin, a spokesman for United, confirmed that two teenage girls were told they could not board a flight from Denver to Minneapolis because their leggings violated the company’s dress code policy for “pass travelers,” a company benefit that allows United employees and their dependents to travel for free on a standby basis. Mr. Guerin said pass travelers are “representing” the company and as such are not allowed to wear Lycra and spandex leggings, tattered or ripped jeans, midriff shirts,   or any article of clothing that shows their undergarments. “It’s not that we want our standby travelers to come in wearing a suit and tie or that sort of thing,” he said. “We want people to be comfortable when they travel as long as it’s neat and in good taste for that environment. ” He said both teenage girls stayed behind in Denver, “made an adjustment” to their outfits and waited for the next flight to Minneapolis. Mr. Guerin did not know if they had successfully boarded or not, and also had no information about the girl Ms. Watts said she saw change into a dress at the gate. The company largely confirmed Ms. Watts’s account earlier in the day in a response to her on Twitter that did little to mollify the concerns of its critics. In a series of dozens of tweets, the company said the incident was not simply the result of an overzealous gate agent. Instead, it said United Airlines reserved the right to deny service to anyone its employees deemed to be inappropriately dressed. It also referred to the dress code applied to pass travelers. “In our Contract of Carriage, Rule 21, we do have the right to refuse transport for passengers who are barefoot or not properly clothed,” the company tweeted. It added, “There is a dress code for pass travelers as they are representing UA when they fly. ” Few critics appeared to be satisfied by that explanation, which also did little to   a perilous public relations situation for the company. United was the target of scores of angry and mocking tweets on Sunday, including from social   celebrities like the model Chrissy Teigen and the actor LeVar Burton. By Sunday afternoon, the company’s Twitter account was engaged in a tense back and forth with the Academy   actress Patricia Arquette, who posted dozens of angry tweets about the situation. Employees running United’s Twitter account spent the day walking a public relations tightrope: explaining to angry social media users why the company was not wrong to bar the young women from boarding, while reassuring potential customers that they would not also be barred if they showed up in leggings. People like to be comfortable when they fly, Ms. Watts said, and leggings and yoga pants have become standard casual attire for women. “I’m pretty sure yoga pants are a thing,” Ms. Watts said. “They’re part of modern America. They’re a staple, a   clothing item. ” Mr. Guerin said the company was aware of the criticism leveled at its social media team, but said they were “working as hard as they can. ” “We could have stopped to immediately ask the right questions,” he said. “We are always engaging with our customers as quickly as possible. Now we are going back. All day we’ve been going back since that earlier tweet. Now we’re going back and telling people what is actually going on. ”",0
11360,British Student Killed by Palestinian in Jerusalem in Good Friday Stabbing,"A young British woman was stabbed to death on Jerusalem’s tram network on Good Friday, with her killer identified by local police as a Palestinian male “terrorist”. [The unidentified woman, who was in her early 20s and a student from Britain in Jerusalem on a tourist visa, was killed by “multiple stab wounds to her upper body” by a    “mentally ill man” identified by The Jerusalem Post as Jamil Tamimi. The suspect has been arrested.  Update to stabbing attack: Women in 20s dies In hospital few minutes ago. Arab Terrorist arrested who carried out attack is from Rasel Amud.  —   Micky Rosenfeld (@MickyRosenfeld) April 14, 2017,  The stabbing, which is the second time in weeks that a Palestinian individual has launched an attack in the city, comes as Jewish and Christian pilgrims congregate in the city for Holy Week, Good Friday, and Passover. According to reports, the attack took place on Jerusalem’s light rail tram system, and that the man pulled a kitchen knife from his bag and started stabbing other passengers as the train approached Kikar Tzahal, the ‘IDF Square’ near the old city. In addition to the young British citizen who was killed in the attack, a    man and a pregnant woman were also injured, and are receiving treatment in hospital  —   the pregnant woman having been stabbed in the belly. Britain’s Sky News reports the comments of a spokesman of the Israeli security services Shin Bet agency, who said: “This is one of many instances where a Palestinian suffering personal strife  …     chooses to carry out an attack in order to find release for his problem. ” Terrorist who carried out knife attack is from Rasal amud in his 50s. Arrested by police at the scene. Woman in 20s in critical condition. pic. twitter.   —   Micky Rosenfeld (@MickyRosenfeld) April 14, 2017, Police photo of  weapon, Police commander Yoram Halevi said of the attacker that he had a history of sexual and domestic violence and was “very mentally unstable”. It is reported he had attempted to take his own life in the past, and that he is now being interrogated by police to establish his motives and to discover whether he has any accomplices.  ",0
11361,"In Charleston, Coming to Terms With the Past - The New York Times","In the spring of 1862, cloaked in the predawn darkness of Charleston Harbor,    Robert Smalls stood aboard the C. S. S. Planter, a Confederate transfer and gunboat, and plotted his escape. In his day, Smalls was a rarity, a black enslaved harbor pilot. He was also clever: That morning, with his three commanding white officers carousing ashore, Smalls began executing his plan. With eight fellow slave crewmen in tow, Smalls, wearing a captain’s uniform, cranked up the vessel’s engines, and in the moonlit waters, headed toward the promise of freedom. Guiding the ship past Confederate forts and issuing checkpoint signals, Smalls steamed up the Cooper River, stopping at a wharf to pick up his wife, child and his crew’s families. In dawn’s light, the Planter, flying a white sheet as a surrender flag, made it to his cherished destination: a Union Navy fleet whose officers eyed him, dumbfounded, as Smalls saluted them. “I am delivering this war material including these cannons and I think Uncle Abraham Lincoln can put them to good use,” he said. Freedom, for Smalls and his crew, had arrived. On a recent sunny afternoon, more than a century and a half later, Michael B. Moore was standing on Gadsden’s Wharf reflecting on his   ’s remarkable journey  —   and other triumphs and tragedies born on that spot. It took some imagining: The wharf, now a city park populated by   children,   young professionals and commercial cruise ships, has morphed numerous times since its heyday as the busiest port for the nation’s slave trade capital. Between 1783 and 1808, some 100, 000 slaves, arriving from across West Africa, were transported through Gadsden’s Wharf and other South Carolina ports, and sold to the 13 colonies. “This place personalizes for me what my ancestors lived through,” said Mr. Moore, chief executive of Charleston’s International African American Museum, scheduled to open in 2019. “I just can’t imagine what they felt here on this space. This is where they took their first steps on this land. ” Mr. Moore walked inland a couple hundred yards, where incoming slaves, after being quarantined off the coast at Sullivan’s Island, were warehoused  —   sometimes for months at a time. In what’s been called facetiously “the Ellis Island for African Americans,” thousands of slaves waiting to be auctioned off as domestics and laborers throughout the South died in those warehouses. In a few months, construction crews will break ground to build the museum on the wharf. “Right there,” Mr. Moore said, pointing directly ahead, “in what’s now a parking lot, is where 700 black people froze to death. I can only wonder what we’ll find when we start digging up this place. ” Charleston, almost paradoxically, is an easy place for tourists to love. Visitors delight in the city’s cobblestone streets, its   churches, Greek Revival storefronts, its array of trendy restaurants and hotels. As Travel  Leisure magazine, which earlier this year ranked Charleston first of its 15 world’s best cities, gushed: “Charleston is much more than the sum of its   cobblestone streets, clopping horse carriages and classical architecture. Much of the port city’s allure lies in constant reinvention and little surprises (like   guinea hens clucking up and down Legare Street,   flying by on skateboards heading into work, or Citadel cadets honking their bagpipes on sidewalks in summertime). ” Yet for all its appeal, Charleston also evokes a brutal chapter of American life, a city built on and sustained by slave labor for nearly two centuries. Beneath the stately facade of this prosperous city is a savage narrative of Jim Crow and Ku Klux Klan violence, right through the civil rights movement. One doesn’t have to reach that far back to understand what makes Charleston a haunting place to explore (an estimated 40 to 60 percent of   can trace their roots here). Only in 2015 did the Confederate flag come down from the state capitol in Columbia, prompted by a young   Dylann S. Roof, who brandished a handgun and massacred nine people during a Bible study at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church, one of the nation’s oldest black churches and hallowed ground of the civil rights movement. That one of the casualties, Cynthia Hurd, was the sister of a close colleague only hardened my sense that the   Holy City, nicknamed as such after its abundance of churches, was holding fast to its legacy of racial hatred. Even as this article went to press, Charleston was bracing itself for two racially loaded trials on Broad Street, at the United States District Court,    Mr. Roof faces 33 federal charges  —   including hate crimes and religious rights violations  —   in the massacre at Emanuel A. M. E. A block away, at the Charleston County Judicial Center, the former North Charleston police officer Michael T. Slager faces charges in the murder of    Walter L. Scott, an unarmed black man gunned down as he fled a traffic stop. And yet, amid a national climate of rising racial tension, the compulsion to engage this history was for me visceral, akin to the urge to revisit a crime scene. I can only suspect that a similar urge to peel back the layers of pain and survival of blacks in America, at least partly, is driving some of the rise in attendance at the nation’s black history sites, including the Smithsonian’s new National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington, where advance timed tickets are reportedly no longer available through March 2017. I hoped that, on some level, engaging the painful history of human atrocity and heroism in Charleston might illuminate the racial chasms dividing Americans. “There are stories of resilience and courage here that will lift everyone,” said  Joseph P. Riley Jr.  who retired from office this year after 40 years as Charleston’s mayor. For a white Southern politician, his politics were decidedly progressive: His decision back in 1975, upon being elected, to appoint a black police chief, for example, earned him the moniker of “L’il Black Joe” among white racists. Still, it wasn’t until he read Edward Ball’s “Slaves in the Family” in 1998 that he came to fully appreciate  —   and lament  —   the gravity of the city’s past. “Slaves in the Family,” which won the National Book Award, chronicles the Ball family’s life as prosperous slave owners and traders in Charleston, an enterprise that started in 1698 and swelled to more than 20 rice plantations along the Cooper River. Through interviews, as well as through plantation records and photographs, the author traced the offspring of slave women and Ball men, personally contacting some of an estimated 75, 000 to 100, 000 of these living children, and documenting   stories of his family’s cruelty and abuse as owners and traders off the coast of Sierra Leone. “I really started to understand that we had an important role in the international slave trade, Emancipation and Jim Crow,” Mr. Riley said. Around then, Mr. Riley began brainstorming ways to illuminate Charleston’s tale of two cities, which he says most historians and tour guides have shortchanged. Before the early 20th century, historical accounts of slavery generally downplayed the “peculiar institution” as paternalistic and something less than the organized, profitable industry it was. The oversight is egregious: By the   there were some four million slaves in the United States, with nearly 10 percent of them, or 400, 000, living in South Carolina. Fortunately, this changed during the first part of the century as publications appeared, like “Slave Trading in the Old South” by the historian Frederic Bancroft, whose research shed light on the lucrative business of domestic slave trading. Bancroft listed names of slave brokers, commission merchants and auctioneers, and detailed how slave auctions were advertised and carried out. As Bancroft wrote: “Negroes were displayed individually and in groups at the front of the building as auctioneers, planters, traders and curious onlookers watched. ” The United States banned international slave trading in 1808, but the practice continued domestically, and Charleston became a major port for interstate trade. Even in the   when the city prohibited public slave trading, traders moved into the brick enclosed yards downtown around the Old Exchange  Provost Dungeon, at East Bay and Broad Streets. The building is a popular tourist attraction these days, highlighting its various uses throughout history, including holding prisoners of war during the American Revolution. The primary catalyst behind South Carolina’s booming slave trade was rice production. The appeal of West Africans to plantation owners was simple: The moist climate of their homeland bore striking similarities to South Carolina’s swampy Lowcountry. English planters proved to be poor rice producers as the process of planting, cultivating, harvesting and preparing the crop for market was intricate and physically arduous. Plantation owners divided the tedious process between their expert men and women, West African slaves, with men doing the dangerous work of clearing swamp lands, and women sowing the rice. The process was messy, physically draining and relentless it included scattering rice seedlings onto   soil, working them into the earth with bare feet, and then threshing after harvest, which required tediously removing rice from hulls, pounding the rice repeatedly and then separating the hulls from the rice in handmade winnowing baskets. South Carolina’s dependence on slave labor was staggering. In the late 1600s some   of the state’s population was white by the mid 1700s, slaves accounted for more than 70 percent of its population. Vestiges of prosperity built on slave labor abound. For example, there’s Drayton Hall, an architectural masterpiece completed in 1742 for John Drayton slave labor was used on the plantation that grew indigo and rice. Among Charleston’s biggest slaveholders was the Middleton family, which from 1738 to 1865 owned some 3, 000 slaves on its numerous plantations. These days, led by a family descendant, Charles Duell, the   Middleton Place Plantation, a designated National Historic Landmark, creates exhibits around the genealogy and contributions of its enslaved workers. “Whether it was knitting or weaving or corn grinding, or tending the rice fields  —   all these activities were performed by ” said Mr. Duell, who has hosted three reunions that bring together the property’s European American and   descendants. “They created the wealth that made all this possible. ” Magnolia Plantation, founded by the Drayton family in 1676, has similarly launched a preservation project. It celebrates the importance of Gullah culture, which enslaved West Africans brought to the Lowcountry, but also demonstrates how life was led in slave dwellings that date to 1850, several of which are being preserved. Walking along the streets of downtown Charleston, the painter Jonathan Green describes a city that has been so enthralled with its plantation aristocracy that it has mostly neglected to celebrate its black heritage, or Gullah culture. That culture includes its Creole language, traditions in food and dance, and critical expertise in agriculture. Mr. Green himself was born and raised in a nearby Gullah community in Beaufort, and his bright, bold paintings of his ancestors  —   in church pews, on grassy landscapes and against ocean sunsets  —   offer a romantic antidote to the erasure of much of that Gullah past. But walking the bustling city streets, Mr. Green proves equally adept at recalling black figures whose rich tales are integral to this city’s story. Along these   streets, Mr. Green’s reminiscing easily comes alive as we move past the Old Slave Mart, among the few remaining relics of the city’s interstate slave trade. Not to be confused with the nearby outdoor Charleston City Market, the Old Slave Mart is a museum these days, housing   arts and crafts. I had walked through it on an earlier occasion but standing now in its shadow, beside Mr. Green, I recalled its eerie cavernous brick rooms  —   the “barracoon” or slave jail in Portuguese, the morgue. “It would have been almost impossible to run away,” Mr. Green said. “From Jacksonville, Florida, all the way up to Cape Fear, North Carolina, was nothing but a human prison camp. ” Such oppression sparked many revolts, but few such insurrections proved more ambitious  —   or so scrupulously studied  —   as Denmark Vesey’s. Vesey’s birthplace has never been confirmed, but historians say he was likely born on a St. Thomas sugar plantation before being sold, around age 14, to the   slave trader Joseph Vesey, whose name he took, as was customary. In the late 1700s, Denmark Vesey’s owner relocated to Charleston, and some years later, Vesey purchased his freedom from his master for $600 from a lucky $1, 500 lottery ticket windfall. A few years later, in 1822, he attempted what historians agree would have been the nation’s most elaborate and largest slave revolt  —   planned, in part, to gain Vesey’s own wife and children’s freedom. It’s estimated that some 3, 000 slaves got word of Vesey’s planned June 16 insurgency, and were prepared to follow his directive to kill every white person in sight, steal their weapons and cash from banks, and ultimately escape by boat to Haiti. But some slaves, fearing retribution, leaked the plan to authorities. Vesey was hanged, with, according to various sources, as many as 35 others. Today, towering amid the oak groves and ponds of Hampton Park, is a   bronze statue of Demark Vesey, which the city unveiled in February 2014. But Vesey’s most enduring contribution to Charleston is arguably his cofounding of Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church, which, at 200 years old, is the oldest A. M. E. church in the South. Vesey’s botched slave revolt resulted in angry white mobs burning down the original structure, but the congregation continued worship services underground and rebuilt Mother Emanuel, as it is known, following the Civil War (this structure, designed by Vesey’s son, the architect Robert Vesey, was destroyed by an earthquake in 1886). The Mother Emanuel I visited has been sitting grandly on Calhoun Street since 1892, its current     facade prominent from blocks away. Inside the church, the pews, altar, Communion rail and light fixtures from the original edifice have been preserved, but it’s the church’s role in the fight for racial freedom, and the pantheon of leaders who have spoken from its pulpit  —   from Booker T. Washington to the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.  —   that make this site hallowed ground. Charleston has recently begun trying to heal racial wounds by celebrating its black history. Last April, for example, in the heated aftermath of the Walter Scott shooting, a racially mixed group of nearly 100 local movers and shakers dined together in a   of Nat Fuller’s   racial reconciliation feast 150 years before. Fuller was a former slave and classically trained chef who, in the 1800s, rose to become an elite caterer his restaurant, the Bachelor’s Retreat (Fuller’s master permitted his ownership, and took a portion of the profit) was a favorite within Charleston high society, according to the University of South Carolina professor David Shields. In the spring of 1865, in the aftermath of Charleston’s surrendering to Union forces, Fuller invited a racially integrated group of local whites and blacks  —   some who had purchased their freedom and others newly freed  —   to celebrate the end of the Civil War. Despite a scarcity of food supplies caused by the war, the   Fuller called for an abundant meal. As one white socialite had scoffed in a letter: “Nat Fuller, a Negro caterer, provided munificently for a miscegenation dinner, at which blacks and whites sat on equality and gave toasts and sang songs for Lincoln and freedom. ” Charleston’s recent commemorative feast  —   which, according to Charleston City Paper, included “poached bass, a ramekin of shrimp pie bursting with fragrant herbs. Capon chasseur, venison with currant   squab with truffle sauce”  —   proved successful as well. Among the guests at the feast was the Rev. Clementa C. Pinckney, a state senator, who two months later would be among the dead at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church. Mr. Riley, the former mayor, said the church massacre inspired him to accelerate his efforts to make real a vision he’s nurtured for years: building the International African American Museum of Charleston, which today he calls “the most important work of my life. ” He envisions the museum as an elevated space on Gadsden’s Wharf that features permanent and rotating exhibitions and a genealogy center. And similar to Civil War sites in Vicksburg and Gettysburg, he plans for the museum to develop a school curriculum that teaches students about the American slave trade. “The tragedy at Emanuel made me even more determined to bring this to fruition,” Mr. Riley said. “That hateful bigot clearly didn’t know his history,” he added, referring to Mr. Roof. Earlier this year, Mr. Riley tapped Michael Boulware Moore to lead the museum, projected to cost $75 million. Mr. Riley said he liked Mr. Moore’s background as a successful senior marketing executive with such major brands as   and Kraft. Of course, Mr. Moore’s background as a direct descendant of Robert Smalls, whose escape on the C. S. S. Planter led to his rise as a South Carolina congressman during the Reconstruction era, was a plus, too. “His lineage couldn’t be better, but he’s also a very talented person,” Mr. Riley said. Mr. Moore himself said the opportunity to build a museum on the same site in which his ancestors arrived as slaves is humbling  —   and carries with it an almost overwhelming sense of obligation to deliver. “I’ve heard from some people who are concerned there’s going to be Disneyfication of our   history,” Mr. Moore said, standing on the wharf. “That’s not going to happen. I feel a tangible obligation to our ancestors to do this right. ” At that moment, as if on cue, a white schooner with two masts appeared off the harbor. Mr. Moore gazed out into the distance “Wow,” he said, “That looks almost like a slave ship. Had we been standing here back then, a couple hundred years ago, that’s exactly what we would have seen. Yeah, it’s kind of freaky, isn’t it?”",0
11362,"George Michael, Pop Superstar, Is Dead at 53 - The New York Times","George Michael, the   English songwriter who sold tens of millions of albums as a member of the duo Wham! and on his own, was found dead on Sunday at his home in Goring in Oxfordshire, England. He was 53. A police statement said: “Thames Valley Police were called to a property in    shortly before 2 p. m. Christmas Day. Sadly, a    man was confirmed deceased at the scene. At this stage the death is being treated as unexplained but not suspicious. ” Mr. Michael’s manager, Michael Lippman, told The Hollywood Reporter that Mr. Michael had died of heart failure “in bed, lying peacefully. ” “It is with great sadness that we can confirm our beloved son, brother and friend George passed away peacefully at home over the Christmas period,” his publicist Connie Filippello said in a statement. “The family would ask that their privacy be respected at this difficult and emotional time. There will be no further comment at this stage. ” Information on survivors was not immediately available. Mr. Michael was one of pop’s reigning stars in the 1980s and ’90s  —   first as a handsome, smiling   idol making lighthearted singles like “Wake Me Up Before You  ” with Wham! then arriving as a   pop sex symbol with his 1987 album “Faith. ” But Mr. Michael grew increasingly uncomfortable with the superficiality and relentless promotion of   pop stardom. He turned away from video clips and live shows he set out to make more mature statements in his songs, though he never completely abandoned singing about love and desire. [ Why George Michael mattered | Watch him perform live ] Mr. Michael wrote supple ballads, like “Careless Whisper” and “Father Figure,” as well as buoyant dance tracks like “Freedom ’90” and “I Want Your Sex. ” For much of his career, including his   albums “Faith” and “Listen Without Prejudice Vol. 1,” he was also his own producer and studio backup band. Much of his music drew on RB, old and new, but his melodic gift extended across genres. He won a Grammy Award in 1988 for “I Knew You Were Waiting (for Me),” a duet with Aretha Franklin, and “Faith” won the Grammy for album of the year. In Britain, he was showered with awards, and in 2004, Britain’s Radio Academy said he had been the   performer on British radio from 1984 to 2004. In 1998, Mr. Michael came out as gay after being arrested on charges of lewd conduct in a men’s room in Beverly Hills, Calif. He had long lent his name and music to support AIDS prevention and gay rights. During interviews in later years, he described himself as bisexual, and said that hiding his sexuality had made him feel “fraudulent. ” He also described long struggles with depression. During the 2000s, Mr. Michael’s output slowed his last studio album of new songs was “Patience” in 2004. In later years he put out individual songs as free downloads, encouraging listeners to contribute to charity. But in 2006, 25 years into his career, he could still headline stadiums worldwide. George Michael was born Georgios Kyriacos Panayiotou in East Finchley, London, on June 25, 1963, the son of a Greek Cypriot restaurateur and an English dancer. In 1979, he and a schoolmate, Andrew Ridgeley, played together for the first time in a ska band called the Executive. That didn’t last, but they continued to make music together  —   nearly all of it composed and sung by Mr. Michael  —   and began releasing singles as Wham! cultivating the image of carefree teenage rebels in songs like “Young Guns (Go for It! ). ” Their 1983 debut album, “Fantastic,” reached No. 1 in Britain in the United States, their 1984 single “Wake Me Up Before You  ” became ubiquitous on MTV and reached No. 1. In 1985, the duo became the first major Western pop group to perform in China as part of its world tour, and Mr. Michael appeared at the Live Aid charity concert, telecast worldwide, joining Elton John to sing Mr. John’s song “Don’t Let the Sun Go Down on Me. ” The worldwide 1984 hit “Careless Whisper,” credited in Britain to George Michael solo and to Wham! featuring George Michael in the United States, signaled a turn away from perky teenage fare. Mr. Michael’s status as a top British pop star was confirmed by his appearance on Band Aid’s “Do They Know It’s Christmas? ,” the 1984   benefit single for Ethiopian famine relief. In 1986, Wham! dissolved, with a farewell show at Wembley Stadium. Mr. Michael had a No. 1 hit with “I Knew You Were Waiting (for Me)” before releasing the album “Faith” in 1987. Its first single, “I Want Your Sex,” reached No. 2 in the United States, though it was seen as too risqué by some radio stations Mr. Michael made an introduction to its video clip stating, “This song is not about casual sex. ” “Faith,” which hinted at both gospel and rockabilly, reached No. 1, and the album included three more No. 1 hits: “Father Figure,” “Monkey” and “One More Try. ” It has sold more than 10 million copies in the United States. But for his next album, “Listen Without Prejudice Vol. 1,” released in 1990, Mr. Michael set out to jettison his pop persona. “I’m not stupid enough to think I can deal with another 10 or 15 years of major exposure,” he told an interviewer at the time. “I think that’s the ultimate tragedy of fame, people who are simply out of control, who are lost. I’ve seen so many of them, and I don’t want to be another cliché. ” The autobiographical “Freedom ’90” declared his independence from the pop machine he wasn’t in its video clip, which had supermodels   the lyrics. The album also included a No. 1 single, the ballad “Praying for Time,” and has sold two million copies in the United States, but after the blockbuster of “Faith” it was considered a commercial letdown. Mr. Michael entered a protracted legal battle with Sony Music over his contract, and was unable to release another album until 1996. Its title, “Older,” was an unmistakable signal that he was no longer directly courting the youth market he was 32 years old. The album was an instant hit in England and Europe  —   it had six hit singles in England  —   though it was less popular in the United States. After his 1998 arrest, Mr. Michael released a   album with two new songs one, “Outside,” set its video clip in a men’s restroom. He made a 1999 album of cover songs, “Songs of the Last Century. ” In the early 2000s, Mr. Michael released songs protesting the invasion of Iraq, including the 2002 “Shoot the Dog. ” His last full studio album, “Patience,” was released in 2004, full of introspective ballads. Mr. Michael returned to performing he joined Paul McCartney onstage during the 2005 Live 8 benefit concert. In 2006, he performed a world tour, paired with another collection of hits, “Twenty Five,” which included new duets with Mr. McCartney and Mary J. Blige. He continued to release individual songs sporadically, and in 2014, he released “Symphonica,” a collection of standards and his own songs recorded with an orchestra on a   tour. During that tour, he collapsed with nearly fatal pneumonia and was hospitalized for five weeks he wrote a single, “White Light,” about the experience. Mr. Michael had been planning an expanded reissue, due in 2017, of “Listen Without Prejudice Vol. 1,” paired with a documentary, “Freedom,” exploring his musical, personal and legal struggles. “I never minded being thought of as a pop star,” Mr. Michael told GQ in 2004. “People have always thought I wanted to be seen as a serious musician, but I didn’t, I just wanted people to know that I was absolutely serious about pop music. ”",0
11363,Ted Cruz’s Conservatism: The Pendulum Swings Consistently Right - The New York Times,"On perhaps the defining issue of the 2016 Republican primary, Senator Ted Cruz falls well to the right of Ronald Reagan, who supported granting legal status to millions of undocumented immigrants. He opposes abortion even in cases of rape and incest, and has called for a federal amendment that would allow states to avoid performing or recognizing   marriages. He wants to return to the gold standard, abolish the Internal Revenue Service and create a tax structure simple enough for Americans to file on postcards. He has criticized Donald J. Trump on deportation policy. From the right. Throughout his Senate career, Republican opponents have cast Mr. Cruz as a master of the    —   a “wacko bird,” as Senator John McCain of Arizona once called him  —   whose seemingly reckless pursuits were thought to place him well outside the mainstream. Yet a close reading of Mr. Cruz’s policy prescriptions, influences and writings over two decades, combined with interviews with conservative intellectual leaders and Cruz allies, suggest two powerful truths about the man who might yet assume the mantle of modern conservatism. He would be the most conservative presidential nominee in at least a   perhaps to the right of Barry Goldwater, testing the electoral limits of a personal ideology he has forged meticulously since adolescence. And he has, more effectively than almost any politician of his generation, anticipated the rightward tilt of the Republican Party of today, grasping its conservatism even as colleagues dismissed him as a fringe figure. Now, even Mr. Cruz’s staunchest Republican enemies tend to criticize him most forcefully on tactics  —   lamenting his leading role in the 2013 government shutdown, for instance  —   but not on substance, where they have generally arrived at equivalent positions. “Nobody has been more assiduous than Cruz at staying on the same page as the conservative base of the Republican Party,” said Ramesh Ponnuru, a conservative author and senior editor of National Review, who first met Mr. Cruz when they were students at Princeton University. “That said, it was also the man meeting the moment. He was always a constitutionalist conservative, and then constitutionalism became cool among conservatives. ” There have at times been perceptible shifts from Mr. Cruz during the campaign, in both tone and substance, coaxed by the resonance of Mr. Trump’s populist anger and   positions on trade and immigration. But at its core, Mr. Cruz’s brand of conservatism is the product of decades of careful study and manifest intellectual firepower, fusing a host of historical strands into what he has called “opportunity conservatism. ” As a teenager, growing up in Houston, he earned money delivering speeches on Friedrich A. Hayek and Ludwig von Mises, expounding on   principles at Rotary and Kiwanis clubs. The epigraph for his senior thesis at Princeton, which focused on states’ rights and the Ninth and 10th Amendments, quoted James Madison: “You must first enable the government to control the governed and in the next place oblige it to control itself. ” When he captured the Republican nomination in his 2012 Senate race, Mr. Cruz said he was “walking in Uncle Milton’s footsteps,” to honor the 100th birthday of the economist Milton Friedman. He is fond of invoking Mr. Reagan’s Cold War dictum (“We win, they lose”) Margaret Thatcher’s dismissal of socialism (“The problem with socialism is, eventually you run out of other people’s money”) and even, at times, President John F. Kennedy. “I intend to have in the office of president what J. F. K. used to refer to as ‘vigaaaahhh’ in defending the Constitution,” Mr. Cruz, now 45, told voters in Iowa in January. Some citations are more familiar to conservative audiences than others. On economic policy, he has at moments turned to Ayn Rand, the libertarian heroine lionized by the right, and John Rawls, the liberal political philosopher who argued for a compact protecting the “least advantaged. ” References to Mr. Rawls have dwindled since Mr. Cruz began his presidential candidacy last year. “I don’t think Rawls   in Iowa,” Mr. Ponnuru joked. It is clear that Mr. Cruz, whose campaign did not make him available for an interview, is most animated by constitutional fights over what he views as overreach by the federal government, particularly on matters of religion. He speaks often of his triumphs as solicitor general of Texas, which included the successful defense of the state’s right to display a Ten Commandments monument at the Capitol. He is a creature of the Supreme Court, counting Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist as a former boss and Justice Antonin Scalia as a friend whose strict constructionist views helped shape his own. And arguing last year against a federal ban on marijuana  —   despite his personal opposition to marijuana legalization at the state level  —   Mr. Cruz recited Justice Louis D. Brandeis’s belief in the states’ role as “laboratories of democracy. ” Indeed, conservative thinkers have sensed in Mr. Cruz an array of less likely forebears: the   morality of Jimmy Carter or George W. Bush President Obama’s disdain for Beltway   consensus the fictional exploits of Frank Capra and Jimmy Stewart. “There’s a little bit of ‘Mr. Smith Goes to Washington,’” said Peter D. Feaver, a national security strategist under Mr. Bush and a   professor at Duke University. “The, ‘I’m going to pursue this even if everyone else is mad at me because this is right. ’” Mr. Cruz seems to take uncommon pride in communicating uncomfortable policy positions to potentially hostile audiences. Mr. Ponnuru likened Mr. Cruz’s opposition to ethanol subsidies in Iowa  —   once considered heretical in a presidential primary  —   to Mr. Goldwater’s unpopular suggestion in 1964, while campaigning in Tennessee, that the Tennessee Valley Authority should be sold. On matters of foreign policy, Mr. Cruz is viewed much more warily by mainstream Republicans. His   career dealt little with international affairs, many say, and his first term has contained some notable shifts. Mr. Cruz entered the Senate in 2013 as part of the Tea Party wave, brandishing a libertarian streak that became more pronounced after revelations of government surveillance tactics, courtesy of Edward J. Snowden. But in the years since, as the national dialogue has grown more consumed by security threats like the Islamic State, Mr. Cruz has recalibrated considerably, leaving an impression among some conservative thinkers that he is merely groping for the median position of the base. Most notable during the campaign has been his pledge to “  ISIS into oblivion,” which has earned a rebuke from military leaders who define the term specifically as the blanket bombing of even civilian areas. Mr. Cruz has argued his iteration can be more targeted. “He means an overwhelming air campaign,” his longtime national security adviser, Victoria Coates, clarified in an interview. Peter Wehner, a senior fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center who served under Mr. Reagan and Presidents George Bush and George W. Bush, said Mr. Cruz had been “a little hard to find on the spectrum” of conservative foreign policy. “The latest incarnation for him is a sort of realist school of overwhelming military force, but he’s constantly criticizing ” Mr. Wehner said. “I have a feeling he’s more of an amateur in that area. ” The introduction of a national security team last month failed to inspire universal confidence: While the list included some   members of the Reagan and Bush administrations, it also had Frank Gaffney Jr. viewed by many as a fringe conspiracy theorist who has suggested that President Obama is Muslim. “Being critical of Frank is a cottage industry,” said Ms. Coates, whose own résumé  —   she is better known as an art historian  —   has been questioned. “The fact of the matter is, he has been one of the few fearless voices speaking out against the problems of radical Islam. ” Other concerns are more semantic. Mr. Cruz has been criticized for appearing to use “ ” as a pejorative, and for characterizing his foreign policy views as falling “somewhere in between” two polar extremes: the libertarianism of Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky and the hawkishness of Mr. McCain or Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina. He speaks often of   “peace through strength,” reminding crowds that the largest country Mr. Reagan invaded was Grenada. But some conservative foreign policy experts see a crucial difference, implicit in a February speech outlining his military plans in South Carolina. “Cruz’s defense speech was couched as being Reaganite, with plans to increase military spending substantially,” said Gary J. Schmitt, a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute. “But the caveat was getting the economy fixed first. Reagan increased defense spending even while deficits soared. ” Mr. Wehner worried generally that Mr. Cruz had displayed an “intellectual rigidity” that afforded him little latitude to adapt. Mr. Cruz has long trumpeted his “consistent conservative” credentials as a strength, proudly recalling his teenage days as part of a team of students who toured event spaces in Texas and wrote out the Constitution on easels. Robert P. George, his mentor and thesis adviser at Princeton, said that he was most struck by “the consistency from the time when he was a student to now. ” Many conservatives cite Madison and Tocqueville, he said, but “Ted has actually read them. ” Mr. George’s most memorable lesson was in humility. In his book, Mr. Cruz writes of receiving a graded paper from Mr. George, seeing a “C+” on a folded corner of the first page and panicking. “With white knuckles, I folded the corner over,” he wrote, “and on the front was written, ‘Just kidding! A. ’” Mr. George’s goal was simple. “I thought he should at least have a few moments’ experience,” he said, “of not being the smartest guy in the class. ”",0
11364,Americans Are So Disconnected From Reality That “Insouciant” Has Become An Euphemism,"Does The Russian Government Have A Reality Disconnect? — Paul Craig Roberts (10/25/2016) Dear friends and readers, 
PCR's new book, THE NEOCONSERVATIVE THREAT TO WORLD ORDER, is now available: In Print and Digital Format by Clarity Press Quarterly Call to Donations 
To remind, this is our quarterly request for donations. If you want the information and analysis that this site provides to continue, you must support the site. As the alternative is the presstitutes or Ministry of Propaganda, it is a good decision to support this site . Quarterly Call to Donations Dear friends, It is time for my quarterly request for donations. As we agreed, my columns and this site will continue as long as your support is forthcoming. If you wish to fully escape The Matrix and see reality as it really is, you are brave and I am honored to have you as readers and supporters. If reality is too much for you, then I should cease putting myself at risk. PCR http://www.paulcraigroberts.org/inbound/we87dn9 Thank you for your donations 
Many thanks to those who donated. I appreciate the commitment that readers have to this website. I match your commitment with my own. PCR Latest Book PCR's new book, HOW AMERICA WAS LOST, is now available: In Print by Clarity Press and In Ebook Format by Atwell Publishing Americans Are So Disconnected From Reality That “Insouciant” Has Become An Euphemism Print This Article 
Americans Are So Disconnected From Reality That “Insouciant” Has Become An Euphemism 
While the idiot presstitutes and their brainwashed victims hyper-ventilate about Trump’s lewd talk about women, one consequence of the ignored nuclear arms race restarted by the neoconservatives, who have been in charge of US foreign policy in the 21st century, is the Russian Satan 2, which is reported to be capable of destroying the entirety of a land mass the size of Texas or France with one hit. 
The neoconservative foreign policy that has produced this result is obviously a total failure and endangers all life on earth. Hillary Clinton is a representative of this disastrous foreign policy. If Americans and Europeans cannot put into office people who can get along with Russia, there is no future for anyone. Trump is the only one who says he sees no point in conflict with Russia. This is what is important, not lewd talk about women. 
Hillary’s lewd talk about Putin –“the new Hitler”–will get us all killed. 
http://newatlas.com/rs28-sarmat-satan-2-russian-icbm/46127/?utm_source=Gizmag+Subscribers&utm_campaign=013c2812c9-UA-2235360-4&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_65b67362bd-013c2812c9-92498229 Dr. Paul Craig Roberts was Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy and associate editor of the Wall Street Journal. He was columnist for Business Week, Scripps Howard News Service, and Creators Syndicate. He has had many university appointments. His internet columns have attracted a worldwide following. Roberts' latest books are The Failure of Laissez Faire Capitalism and Economic Dissolution of the West , How America Was Lost , and The Neoconservative Threat to World Order . Newsletter Notifications Signup Form",0
11365,Vladimir Putin – Straight From the Horse’s Mouth,"Waking Times 
Vladimir Putin in particular, and Russia in general, have been the focus of an intensive high-drama propaganda campaign of late. Are you buying it? For the time being, Russophobia has replaced Islamophobia as the driving force behind the lies. Various US officials have been frantically warning Americans that the Russians are behind everything: hacking the DNC, controlling Trump, influencing the election and breaking the Syrian ceasefire agreement. They might as well add making your girlfriend break up with you, making your toast get burnt and making your car run out of fuel for all the evidence they have presented. Many of these totally unfounded allegations stem from (naturally) the Clinton campaign, home to career criminals Bill and Hillary Clinton , who are desperately seeking to find something to gain some sort of shred of popularity or advantage over Trump, who fills up arenas with 1000s of people more easily than Clinton can fill a high school gym with 50. Many US officials and war hawks are trying to get in on the action; CIA man Mike Morell indicated it would be a good idea to covertly kill Russians to make them “pay a price” ; Hillary Clinton called Vladimir Putin the “grand godfather of extreme nationalism” and blamed him for the rising popularity of right-wing leaders; and even standing VP Joe Biden came out and said that, “We’re sending a message to Putin … it will be at the time of our choosing and under the circumstances that have the greatest impact” . It seems there is no depth to which some US leaders won’t stoop in order to gain some political advantage, even it means lying, demonizing and destroying geopolitical partnerships in order to garner a few brownie points. Vladimir Putin: It’s All About Distraction During Election Season 
You would think Russian President Vladimir President would be agitated by all of this mud-slinging. At times he has been, for instance when he issued a warning a few months ago about an impending WW3 due to NATO’s constant aggression and advancement towards Russian borders. However, judging by his own words and mostly calm demeanor, he has seen through the agenda and understands what is going on. Putin spells out how it’s all inflamed rhetoric before an election season, an old trick used by politicians to distract when they have no meaningful solutions for internal and domestic problems. 
Here is Vladimir Putin in his own words : 
“You can expect anything from our American friends … the only novelty is that for the first time, on the highest level, the United States has admitted involvement in these activities, and to some extent threatened [us] – which of course does not meet the standards of international communication. As if we didn’t know that US Government bodies snoop on and wiretap anyone? Everyone knows this … 
Apparently, they are nervous. The question is why. I think there is a reason. You know, in an election campaign, the current government carefully crafts a pre-election strategy, and any government, especially when seeking re-election, always has unresolved issues. They need to show, to explain to the voters why they remain unresolved. In the US, there are many such problems … for example, the massive public debt is a time bomb for the US economy and global financial system … more examples can be cited in foreign policy … in these conditions, many choose to resort to the usual tactics of distracting voters from their problems … try to create an enemy and rally the nation against that enemy … 
Iran and the Iranian threat did not work well for that. Russia is a more interesting story.” 
And that’s exactly what this whole thing is: a giant story. However, as Voltaire once said, if you can make someone believe absurdities, you can make them commit atrocities. Let’s see what else Vladimir Putin has to say on other topics of interest. Russian Hacking: A Laughable Claim so the Clintons and DNC Can Try to Avoid Culpability 
Let’s face it: the whole Russophobia affair is about avoiding blame, dodging responsibility and evading liability. Thanks to WikiLeaks, Project Veritas and many other sources, we know the entire Hillary Clinton campaign has been rigged beyond belief. Fake primaries, fake speeches, fake images, fake videos, fake crowds, fake supporters and fake debates. There is seemingly no depth of criminality to which that woman won’t sink. She’s selling out the presidency before she even gets there, such as the stunt of trying to promise future presidential executive orders to mega donors. There is not a shred of evidence that Russia is affiliated with WikiLeaks or behind any of the DNC hacks. As this Zero Hedge article NSA Whistleblower: US Intelligence Worker Likely Behind DNC Leaks, Not Russia states: 
“On “Judge Napolitano Chambers,” the Judge said that while the DNC, government officials, and the Clinton campaign all accuse the Russians of hacking into the DNC servers, “the Russians had nothing to do with it.” Napolitano then mentioned Binney, arguing the NSA veteran and whistleblower who “developed the software that the NSA now uses, which allows it to capture not just metadata but content of every telephone call, text message, email in the United States of every person in [the country]” knew the NSA had hacked the DNC — not the Russians. 
If Judge Napolitano and Binney are right and the NSA did hack the DNC, what was the motive? 
According to the Judge, “members of the intelligence community simply do not want [Clinton] to be president of the United States.” 
“She doesn’t know how to handle state secrets,” Napolitano continued. And since “some of the state secrets that she revealed used the proper true names of American intelligence agents operating undercover in the Middle East,” some of these agents were allegedly captured and killed, prompting NSA agents to feel compelled to act. Whether NSA agents hacked the DNC or not, one thing is clear: there’s no real evidence linking the DNC and Arizona and Illinois voting system hacks to the Russian government.” The Mythical “Russian Threat” 
Vladimir Putin directly addressed another mythical story, that of the so-called Russian threat and Russian aggression , at the recent Valdai forum in Sochi from October 24-27, 2016: 
“There is another mechanism to ensure the transatlantic security, European security, the OC security and their attempt at turning this organization (NATO) into an instrument of someone’s political interests. So what the OC is doing is simply void. Mythical threats are devised like the so-called Russian military threat. Certainly this can be (used to) gain some advantage, get new budgets, make your allies comply with your demands, make NATO deploy the equipment and troops closer to our border … Russia is not trying to attack anyone. That would be ridiculous … The population of Europe is 300 million … and the population of the US is 300 million, while the population of Russia is 140 million, yet such menaces are served as a pretext. Hysteria has been fueled in the US with regard to Russia’s alleged influence with the current presidential election. 
Is there anyone who seriously thinks that Russia can influence the choice of the American people? Is the US a banana republic? The US is a great power. If I’m wrong please correct me.” 
Here’s what he had to say about who the real aggressor is when it comes to the US (around and Russia: 
“Is it known to you that Russia, in the 90s, completely halted (as did the USSR) any strategic aviation in the further afield regions of patrol, i.e. not in the closer abroad. We halted such activity completely. US geostrategic aviation however, with nuclear weapons on board. They continued to encircle us! What for? Who are you concerned about? Or why are you threatening us? We continued with the non-patrol year after year. It is only since about 3 years ago that we restarted aviation patrol further abroad. 
Which party is the provocateur here? Is it us? 
We have only 2 military bases abroad. They are known areas of terrorism dangers … US bases on the other hand are all over the world. And you are telling me that I am the aggressor? Have you any common sense? 
What are US forces doing in Europe, including nuclear weaponry? What business have they got there? Listen to me. Our military budget, while increased slightly from last year, in the dollar equivalent, is about US$50 billion. The military budget of the Pentagon is almost 10 times that amount. $575 billion, I think Congress singed off on. And you’re telling me I’m the aggressor here? Have you no common sense at all? Is it us putting our forces on the border of the US? Or other states? Is it NATo, or who, that is moving their bases closer to us? Military infrastructure! It’s not us. Does anyone even listen to us? Or try to have some kind of dialogue with us? The repeated answer we get is ‘mind your own business’ and ‘each country can choose its own security measures’. Very well, so will we … 
And finally, on the antiballistic missile defense system, who was it that exited from the treaty which was vital to the entire system of international security? Was it us? No. It was the States. In a one-sided way, they simply withdrew from the treaty. Now they are threatening us, turning their missiles towards us, not only from Alaska, but also from Europe too … 
We want to develop normal relations in the sphere of security, in the fight against terrorism, in the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons. We want to work together with you … so long as you want that too.” US Repeatedly Broke Its Promises to Russia and Destroyed Trust 
The Western MSM is so one-sided in its coverage of geopolitical events like Ukraine and Syria. Anyone not toeing the line with US-UK-NATO interests is painted in a bad light. In point of fact, it has actually been the US who has been breaking agreements with Russia since the end of the Cold War. US leaders lied to Russian leaders at the time, by promising that NATO would not extend any further eastward, and possibly even hinting that Russia could join NATO. As Eric Zuesse explains in his article America Trashes NATO Founding Act; Rushes Weapons to Russia’s Borders : 
“The NATO Founding Act was agreed to between the US and Russia in 1997 in order to provide to Russia’s leader Boris Yeltsin some modicum of assurance that America wouldn’t invade his country. When his predecessor Mikhail Gorbachev had ended the Soviet Union and its Warsaw Pact military alliance in 1991, the representatives of US President GHW Bush told him that NATO wouldn’t move «one inch to the east» (toward Russia), but as soon as Gorbachev committed himself to end the Cold War, Bush told his agents, regarding what they had all promised to Gorbachev (Bush’s promise which had been conveyed through them), «To hell with that! We prevailed, they didn’t». In other words: Bush’s prior instructions to them were merely his lies to Gorbachev, his lies to say that the US wouldn’t try to conquer Russia (move its forces eastward to Russia’s borders); but, now, since Gorbachev was committed and had already agreed that East Germany was to be reunited with and an extension of West Germany (and the process for doing that had begun), Bush pulled that rug of lies out from under the end of the Cold War …” 
Bill Clinton carried on the great American legacy of exceptionalism (that is, excepting themselves from obeying international law) spearheaded by Daddy Bush of surrounding and dominating Russia by allowing NATO into the Czech Republic, Hungary and Poland. Russia got shafted by trusting the US numerous times after the fall of the Soviet Union. Here’s Vladimir Putin once again on America’s broken promises (in April 2016): 
“In the early 2000s, we agreed with the Americans to destroy weapons-grade plutonium, on both sides. We were talking about the excessive amounts that were manufactured by both the US and Russia. This is the enriched uranium from which nuclear weapons are made. 34000 tonnes, from both sides. We signed an agreement, and decided that this material would be destroyed in a specific manner. It would be destroyed in an industrial way – for which special plants needed to be built. We fulfilled our obligations – we built the necessary plant. Our American partners did not. Moreover, recently they announced that rather than destroy the enriched material in the manner that we agreed, and signed an international agreement on, that they would dilute it and store it in a holding capacity. This means they retain the potential to bring it back … 
Surely our American partners must understand that, jokes are one thing, such as creating smear campaigns against Russia, but questions of nuclear security are another thing entirely … they must learn to fulfill their promises. 
They once said they would close down Guantanamo. And? Is it closed? No.” 
Incidentally, this is the exact same plutonium agreement which made the news last month, when as reported on October 3rd, 216, Russia suspended their deal with the US on disposal of plutonium from decommissioned nuclear warheads. A decree signed by Vladimir Putin lists “ the radical change in the environment, a threat to strategic stability posed by the hostile actions of the US against Russia, and the inability of the US to deliver on the obligation to dispose of excessive weapons plutonium under international treaties, as well as the need to take swift action to defend Russian security” as the reasons for why Russia chose to suspend the deal. Conclusion: Wake up and Smell the Russophobia 
Expect Vladimir Putin and Russia to keep being demonized by the Clintons – and more importantly the NWO manipulators who so desperately want them in power. Although the Clintons are a powerful modern American mafia family, replete with a long body count behind them, it’s important to remember they are lackeys for far greater and more pervasive powers (check out some of Hillary’s lovey-dovey letters to Lynn Forester de Rothschild here ). There’s a lot at stake here. Right now, Vladimir Putin and Russia are being used with the sole purpose of getting Clinton elected. Although Putin is not perfect and has his own dark side, he deserves respect for standing his ground and refusing to become another US puppet. If we are to believe his own words, he has no qualm with Americans or even America itself, but rather the selfish, imperialistic and murderous agenda of the NWO agents running the USA: 
“We have a great deal of respect and love for the United States, and especially for the American people … [however] the expansion of jurisdiction by one nation beyond the territory of its borders, to the rest of the world, is unacceptable and destructive for international relations.” 
It’s up to the American public to switch off CNN (Clinton News Network) and all the other duplicitous MSM channels and get truly informed. Vladimir Putin is reaching out his hand to America, in the hope that enough Americans can reclaim their country and work together with other nations in peace. On the issue of Vladimir Putin and Russia, the MSM is not just one-sided, it’s outright lying. About the Author 
Makia Freeman is the editor of The Freedom Articles and senior researcher at ToolsForFreedom.com ( FaceBook here), writing on many aspects of truth and freedom, from exposing aspects of the worldwide conspiracy to suggesting solutions for how human ity can create a new system of peace and abundance 
**Sources embedded throughout article.",0
11366,Americans ripped from fantasy world ‘like babies from a womb’:,"Americans ripped from fantasy world ‘like babies from a womb’: By hatesec , on November 14th, 2016 
ROANOKE, Va. — FBI agents claim two stoned American white men were “ripped like babies from a womb” following Tuesday’s election results. 
Investigators who have been working on the case since Wednesday said the men appeared paranoid and terrified, as if they had seen some horrible aspect. 
“It was like they were just seeing the world for the first time,” the agent said. He called it “the 9/11 of their time”– a point of reference in their timeline of social consciousness beyond which no innocence can be returned. 
One of the guys was passed out in police custody, because he’s a pot-smoking CRIMINAL, but the other one was cool because he didn’t have weed on him, so he told Internet Chronicle how his world view changed: 
I thought we’d come farther than this, man. I actually really thought we had come so far, we could get a career criminal elected into office over Archie Bunker. Turns out, I was wrong about a lot of things. Next time, I’m voting with my heart: I’m going Gary Johnson. Now he has a plan ! 
“They’ll never forget how they remembered America’s paranoid, racist history extending as far back as the 1970s, when white nerds killed disco, for which we have already apologized profusely .” federal agent Smith said. “Nor will they forget how flimsy a candidate can be, who deletes subpoenaed emails on command for her corporate power-lords.” 
Internet Chronicle linguistics analyst and hate philosopher Dr. Angstrom H. Troubadour believes in front loading attribution, and that blatant misuse of language itself led to the seemingly eternal crisis of political misunderstanding between the so-called Left and so-called Right. 
“The words ‘liberal’ and ‘conservative’ don’t even have denotations anymore. They mean what people want them to mean,” Troubadour said. “These words are to be avoided at all cost.” 
makin money, makin money, makin money, makin money, makin money, makin money’s for the words. 
[Editor’s note: Remember Trump’s CRAZY response when the 60 Minutes lady asked him how many more tax dollars would be spent drone striking weddings?] Share this article",0
11367,"Carrie Underwood Says No Politics During CMAs, Brad Paisley Decides to Pull Fast One on Her Beforehand","Share on Twitter 
Country singers Carrie Underwood and Brad Paisley are set to return as the hosts of this year's Country Music Awards on November 2nd for the ninth time. Image Credit: Taylor Hill/Getty Images 
What makes this extra special is that the CMAs are celebrating their 50th anniversary. 
Despite the award show being so close to the 2016 presidential election, Underwood recently expressed that she doesn't want to talk about politics as one of the night's hosts. 
The singer tells The Boot she wants the 50th anniversary of the CMAS to stay focused on what they're there to celebrate— the music: 
“I prefer to stay away from politics. This is country music, and we have 50 years to cover. So I feel like we’ll have lots to talk about, but I think it will be more geared to just us and what we do and all these legends that we have and people that have incredible talent that we have in our genre.” 
While we don't know if Paisley got Underwood's memo, we do know that he's already up to the duo's usual shenanigans . A few days ago, the singer encouraged everyone to vote for their favorite candidate. 
The singer made his choice clear with his shirt... A video posted by Brad Paisley (@bradpaisley) on Oct 21, 2016 at 1:56pm PDT 
Paisley's caption reads: 
“This November, be sure to vote for your favorite nominee... whoever that is...” 
The shirt is actually inspired by the Netflix series, “House of Cards.” The main character is named Frank Underwood, which also works nicely for joking around with Carrie Underwood. 
You can get one like it at Kohl's: Image Credit: Screenshot/ Kohl's ",0
11368,REVEALED: Hillary Wants Joe Biden To Be Her Secretary Of State,"Comments 
News leaked from Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton’s camp that her transition team wants to persuade or even draft Joe Biden to continue serving America as our nation’s top diplomat after his term as Vice President expires in January. Biden chose not to run to succeed President Obama after the tragic loss of his son Beau Biden; instead he’s thrown himself fully into campaigning for Clinton’s election as only one of America’s most beloved public figures can do. Politico reports : 
Joe Biden is at the top of the internal short list Hillary Clinton’s transition team is preparing for her pick to be secretary of state, a source familiar with the planning tells POLITICO. “He’d be great, and they are spending a lot of time figuring out the best way to try to persuade him to do it if she wins,” said the source familiar with the transition planning. 
The vice president, who chaired the Senate Foreign Relations Committee before joining the administration, is one of the most experienced and respected Democrats on the world stage. He’s also coming to what would be the close of a 44-year career in Washington, first with six terms in the Senate and then two terms as President Barack Obama’s closest adviser — and the keeper of the portfolio on some of the most difficult international issues, including Iraq and Ukraine. 
Hillary hasn’t even told Biden about her idea yet, but it is a logical choice by the Democrat. The news represents a little more traditional political fare for people who are concerned about both the issues a President must master to govern America, but also the team of people they’ll need to manage our country’s affairs. There’s a lot of work to do by the Clinton campaign before naming anyone to any position, but Democrats have closed the gap in absentee early voting with Republicans in key swing states – like Ohio and also in Florida to date. 
Joe Biden is also one amazing politician on the campaign trail, who managed to bait Republican nominee into a verbal sparring match which is distracting his campaign from doing much else than playing defense. Nobody knows if Joe Biden will accept Hillary Clinton’s offer, if the Democratic nominee does in fact become the first female President elect after November 8th, but we do all know that Joe Biden’s heavyweight speeches are having a major impact on this year’s general election campaign. 
Just watch him nail Trump: Trump responds to @JoeBiden ’s wish to fight him: 'I'd love that' pic.twitter.com/oDWh0xuShd",0
11369,The Waning West: The Problem of Milo Yiannopoulos,"Email 
It’s ironic, when a man who rails against the homosexual agenda may represent its ultimate victory. Milo Yiannopoulos (shown), the bodacious, bleached-blonde, bohemian, British bad boy of Breitbart, has long been an alt-right hero. Yet, increasingly, his fan base has extended to conservatives in general. American Thinker’s Jeremy Egerer wrote a Monday piece entitled “In Praise of Milo Yiannopoulos,” and the next day HeatStreet attempted to explain why conservatives are falling so hard for him. Oh, it should be mentioned why his rise is notable. 
Yiannopoulos is homosexual — and, it’s fair to say, flamingly so. 
Yiannopoulos certainly isn’t the first prominent homosexual “conservative.” As with all groups you find all types: adulterers, philanderers, fornicators, fetishists, etc., etc., etc. The difference is that those types don’t wear their sexual indiscretions on their shirtsleeves. They don’t conduct an “Antagonistic Adulterer Tour” or “Fearsome Fornicator Tour.” Yet Yiannopoulos’ recent outrageously popular (and lucrative) college-appearance series is actually called the “Dangerous Faggot Tour.” This brings us to an oft-heard bit of praise from his conservative admirers; as commenter “Eric H” wrote under Egerer’s article, “One of the biggest appeals of Milo is that while he's openly gay, he doesn't use the fact he's gay to ask for special treatment or protections.” No, he doesn’t “ask” for it. 
But he absolutely does use his homosexuality to get special treatment — via cultural affirmative action in the marketplace. 
While Yiannopoulos did write last year that, for homosexuals, “it’s time to get back in the closet” (though his reasoning isn’t what you’d suppose), it’s apparent he has no intention of leading by example. Yiannopoulos is a master of self-promotion. He plays the homosexuality card in his own way because, being the sharp fellow he is, he knows it’s integral to his success. Just like someone who gets more votes because he could be our “first black president” or “first female president,” Yiannopoulos is a novelty: a flamboyant homosexual with movie-star good looks, mainly “conservative” views (gasp!), and a British accent (in the United States, people generally think that anyone with a nice Brit accent is smart). If he had the same views and eloquence but were ugly and shared a mafia don’s accent — and were straight — you’d never have heard of him. 
Yet the main point is this: We’ve long seen “out” and outrageous homosexuals applauded in the liberal cesspit that is Hollywood. In politics, Democrat congressmen Gerry Studds and Barney Frank both were openly homosexual already in the ‘80s, both were scandalous, and both were frequently reelected. But now we’re seeing how, quite predictably, this defining of deviancy downwards has bled into the conservative fold. 
And the bleeding is now profuse. In his heroization of Yiannopoulos, Egerer writes, “Milo is a savior of sorts all the same, putting himself on a cross when the rest of us were stuck in our sociable sins and taking our beating when we should have been willing to take it [the cross] ourselves.” Mr. Egerer, speak for yourself. Many good men have long been on the front lines speaking the Truth as boldly, eloquently — and more deeply — than Yiannopoulos (Alan Keyes and maybe someone else come to mind). That a land slouching toward Gomorrah (hat tip: Robert Bork) chooses to ignore them isn’t their fault. 
Then there’s Red Alert Politics , which wrote , “Yiannopoulos delivers like no conservative before; part standup, part lecture, and mixed with a little drag makes his speech one of the most exciting events coming to campuses across the country.” This prompted HeatStreet to incredulously ask, “Did anyone expect a right-wing site to describe a drag event as ‘exciting’? Did anyone expect the right wing to accept and welcome a flaming gay into their ranks? Did anyone expect Republicans to enjoy it?” 
Yes — I did — a long time ago. I explained how today’s conservatives are simply yesterday’s liberals ; in fact, I have an essay on this very matter in the current issue of The New American (November 7, 2016). 
Egerer states that “aging conservatives” won’t be able to understand why someone as “filthy” as Yiannopoulos is enjoyable. But it’s not hard. It’s the same reason why many find porn, car crashes at auto races, and decadent entertainment titillating: the allure of sin. As ancient Chinese sage Confucius put it, “I never knew anyone who loved virtue as much as sex.” But my question for Egerer is, can he understand the danger posed by a society that exalts such filth? 
Egerer acknowledges the “sinfully delicious” factor, writing, “What we can also appreciate about Milo is that he's actually interesting.... He's stylish and original and something bordering on dangerous.... Following Milo on Facebook is much more like taking drugs.” Perhaps, but whatever happened to “Just say no”? Take a gander at Yiannopoulos in his get-up below: 
Then consider how Yiannopoulos is famous for talking explicitly about his sexual predilections, an example being his oft-expressed affinity for black d***. This matters because who we choose for our heroes matters. What will you tell your son? “Well, Johnny, dressing like a girl and engaging in perversion is okay — if you do it for the ‘cause’”? 
Egerer certainly is right about Yiannopoulos being interesting; he does engage in masterful takedowns of feminists, snowflake social-justice warriors, and other leftist ne’er-do-wells, and he can colorfully turn a phrase. Therein lies the problem. HeatStreet opines, “It’s easy to assume that Milo’s influence over Republicans is a sign of changing attitudes toward LGBTs, but that’s not the case.... Milo isn’t normalizing homosexuality for the right, he’s merely a sign of what the New Right values and wants.” But this is wrong on both counts. Polls clearly show that conservative acceptance of homosexuality has increased, and younger conservatives are generally quite libertine. Just as significantly, though, Yiannopoulos’ influence is without question a normalizing one. 
Hollywood has long had a practice of putting homosexual characters in shows and films and making them particularly attractive, intellectual, rational, and likeable. This is no accident. It’s part of a strategy prescribed in the 1989 homosexual-activist book book After the Ball: How America Will Conquer Its Fear and Hatred of Gays in the 90’s . You see, people have always had trouble “hating the sin but loving the sinner”; they tend to either love both or hate both. So you prey on this weakness: Get them to love a sinner — who identifies so closely with his sin that he embodies it — and you can get them to love, or at least become numb to, the sin. 
The Yiannopoulos phenomenon is a matter of life imitating art: He’s that attractive (to conservatives) homosexual character who softens people’s minds to sin — which is followed by a hardening of the heart to Truth. As another commenter under Egerer’s piece put it, “The most effective revolutionaries are those who present themselves as defenders of a current order of things while undermining the moral foundations upon which it rests.” 
And there’s more to this undermining. Yiannopoulos can be seen in the videoed interview below (warning: graphic language) talking about how — at the age of, as he put it, “something like” 14 — he performed fellatio on a man of the cloth. He insisted the encounter “was consensual” and that he, not the clergyman, “was the predator.” Worse still, Yiannopoulos talks (4:46 in video) about how, as a grown man, he attended parties hosted by high-status Hollywood figures where he saw things that “beggared belief”: namely, grown men using for sex boys who were, as Yiannopoulos describes it, “very young — very young.” 
Yiannopoulos obviously didn’t report the child sexual abuse to authorities and refused to name names, saying in the interview, “I don’t want to be indiscreet about specific people because I think it’s going to be, yeah, dangerous.” Okay, now, isn’t this the kind of thing that destroyed late Penn State football coach Joe Paterno? Note that Paterno was not found guilty of any criminality, molested no one, and even reported child sexual abuse by an underling to a superior. But that he didn’t go to authorities himself was enough so that he would become a pariah, die in disgrace, and have his Penn State statue torn down. 
In contrast, Yiannopoulos describes the clergyman who abused him as “a great priest.” So we should ask, what is his definition of “great”? And what does he think the age of consent should be? Fourteen? Twelve? 
This is another example of special treatment and protection that Yiannopoulos may not ask for, but certainly enjoys. It’s much as with the Gene Robinson case . An Episcopal priest, Robinson came out as homosexual and left his wife and children to live with a man. Yet while a straight father who left his family to pursue sexual gratification would be branded a dog, Robinson was hailed as brave; and far from being defrocked, was rewarded by being elected bishop in 2003. 
Yiannopoulos, too, has been called “brave.” But how brave is a man who protects the identities of pedophiles/pederasts because it’s “dangerous”? Note that this reflects precisely what I reported on in “Hollywood Dearest: Seared Souls and the Silver Screen” ( The New American , March 2014): Pedophilia is rampant in Tinseltown — but everyone who could save future victims is too cowardly or corrupt to come forward. 
In his praise of Yiannopoulos, Egerer writes that “Milo is not a saint, and thank God it was never his intention to be.... But in an age when respectable men are cowering beneath the shadow of a new and ugly heterodoxy, what we need are not always polite and political men.” Believe it or not, however, there’s something between being a Devil’s-politeness coward-con and a drag-queen callow-con. George Washington was known for virtue, honor, and never using a foul word, and no one could accuse him of lacking bravery or willingness to oppose tyranny. But we have gradually lost sight of what virtue is and consequently what a true hero is ; in particular, we’re in the grip of our day’s “great heresy,” which, noted philosopher G.K. Chesterton in 1926, “is going to be simply an attack on morality; and especially on sexual morality.” Thus, he predicted, “The madness of tomorrow is not in Moscow but much more in Manhattan.” 
That tomorrow was yesterday. And with today’s conservatives, the madness now lies not just in Manhattan but in much of Middle America where Milo is queen. “Dangerous faggot,” indeed. Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
11370,Anniversaries are becoming more frequent,"November 15, 2016 
Sunday was the anniversary of the Bataclan attack, just recently was the 1,000th anniversary of the Battle of Hastings and the 50th anniversary of the Aberfan disaster. Yet there is no record of anyone commemorating the first anniversary of the Battle of Hastings in 1067, nor the 100th anniversary in 1166. 
It has gradually crept up on us though. At first, only significant anniversaries were recognised, numbers like 25, 50 or 100; but gradually it has spread to any year ending in ‘0’ or can easily be fitted onto a badge. If we don’t stop the trend then before long every year will be an anniversary of something that happened before. 
Said one currency trader: ‘We can make £1 Billion in a second, so if we’re forced to remain silent for a minute you can see how this costs the economy’. He declined to explain his hypothesis further, saying that it was his birthday today and he was off to the pub for an extended lunch, but would be available for further comment after 4pm.",0
11371,Cyrus Mistry joins AAP; Tata Sons shortlists candidates for chairman’s post,"Cyrus Mistry joins AAP; Tata Sons shortlists candidates for chairman’s post Posted on Tweet (Image via intoday.in) 
Ousted Chairman of Tata Sons Cyrus Mistry today joined the Aam Aadmi Party. Speaking to the media Cyrus Mistry said, “The media, government, regulators or politicians, no one is supporting me in fighting against the injustice I have faced. Kejriwalji is my only hope. So I joined the AAP.” 
Speaking at the occasion, AAP supremo and Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal said, “Having worked at Tata Steel several years ago, I have firsthand experience of how the board of directors of Tata Sons did not allow me to work. That is the reason I quit Tata Steel.” 
“Just like Cyrus Mistry, I also took up the top job in Delhi because there were no other suitable candidate. I empathize with Cyrus Mistry when he says that Ratan Tata did not allow him to do work. In a similar way, Narendra Modi and Najeeb Jung do not allow me to do work in Delhi,” he added. 
“Why should someone be fired for choosing to close loss making UK Steel business? First take care of Indians before subsidizing British citizens. Ratan Tata is a British agent. Even AAP does not fire its leaders so fast,” he declared 
Meanwhile, our correspondent overheard this discussion between Cyrus Mistry and Rajdeep Sardesai. 
Rajdeep Sardesai: So what I understand Mr. Mistry is that you are concerned about the rising intolerance by the majority against the minorities in India?” 
Cyrus Mistry: No, I only said that I am concerned about the rising intolerance of the majority shareholders in Tata Sons against minority shareholders like me. 
Meanwhile, AAP leader Ashutosh took to Twitter to blast Tata Sons. 
“As per Cyrus Mistry, Tata Motors’ Nano plant in Gujarat is making losses. Even industrialists in Gujarat are losing money. Is this the Gujarat Model? Will Modi answer?” he tweeted. 
“Cyrus Mistry spoke about risk of impairment in Tata Steal? Will Ratan Tata answer?” read his second tweet. 
“Why was Cyrus Mistry not given a free hand to run Tata Suns? Will the Bored answer?” said his third tweet 
A source who did not wish to be identified told our correspondent that Tata Sons is also planning to fire Cyrus Mistry from the board of directors and has already found his replacement. 
After Ratan Tata asked for a versatile candidate with expertise in several fields and who is not afraid to speak his mind, a consultant suggested the name of Justice Katju. But Ratan Tata was not pleased at the prospect of being called an idiot in a board meeting and so vetoed the proposal. Instead Congress leader Ahmed Patel will be filling this post. 
According to our source, the Tata Sons board was very impressed with Ahmed Patel after he told them that rather than abrupt firing, they should have kept planting stories in the media like “Ratan Tata unhappy with Cyrus Mistry’s decision to close down Tata Steel UK Business.” 
This along with his ability to effectively manage a family trust and also manage a professional CEO without letting him drift from the group’s ethos and culture earned him a board seat. 
Further, according to our source, several names came up during the latest board meeting to pick a new Chairman. Ahmed Patel suggested the name of Dr. Manmohan Singh but Ratan Tata vetoed it saying he wanted a person who could be a brand ambassador for the Tata Group. 
Currently, there are 2 persons who are front-runners in the race for Chairman. One is Arvind Kejriwal. Several board members think that he will be a suitable candidate because he can just give speeches, visit offices and be a brand ambassador while the actual work could be left to the board. 
Another name doing the round is Chetan Bhagat. Given his IIT, IIM qualifications along with his versatile persona of being an author, columnist, screenwriter, television personality and motivational speaker, several board members think he is the perfect candidate for the heavily diversified salt to software conglomerate. Further, he is good with numbers, an area the Tata Group is struggling at this point in time.",0
11372,Commercial Dairy Industry Dumping Millions of Gallons of Surplus Milk,"by Dr. Mercola 
The U.S. food system is set up to protect industrialized, centralized food production and distribution, while efforts to decentralize food are kept strictly under wraps. 
There are many problems with this system, including the fact that food production is often out of sync with demand, leading to excessive amounts of waste. In 2016, for instance, the industrial dairy industry has dumped 43 million gallons of milk due to a massive milk glut. 
The glut is the result of a 2014 spike in milk prices, which encouraged many dairy farmers to add more milk cows to their farms. U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) data shows that dairy cows have increased by 40,000 in 2016, with a 1.4 percent increase in production per cow. 
With too much milk and nowhere to sell it, prices have tanked. Milk prices declined 22 percent in recent months to $16.39 per 100 pounds — a price so low some farmers can no longer afford to even transport it to the market. [1] 
The milk glut isn’t only affecting the U.S., either. It’s been felt globally, which means milk producers can’t export their surplus milk. What’s a dairy farmer to do with a surplus of milk? Dump it — on fields, into animal feed or added to manure lagoons. USDA Steps in to Bail Out Dairy CAFOs 
At its foundation, the milk glut is the result of dairy operations in the U.S. consolidating into concentrated feeding operations (CAFOs) — massive industrial “farms” with the sole goal of producing as much food as possible for the greatest profit. As reported by Yale Environment 360: [2] 
While milk carton imagery pictures bucolic, small farms, more than 50 percent of U.S. milk is now produced by just 3 percent of the country’s dairies — those with more than 1,000 cows, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA).The very largest U.S. dairies now have 15,000 or more cows. 
The USDA, meanwhile, is coming to bail out these massive industrial enterprises. They’ve offered to buy $20 million of cheddar cheese from private sources, while milk producers try to get fast food outlets to add more cheese-heavy products to their menus. [3] The USDA already purchased $20 million of cheddar cheese in August 2016. 1 in 4 US Dairy Cows Contracts Mastitis 
Dairy cows raised in confinement and fed unnatural diets of genetically engineered (GE) grain are at high risk of illness, as are all animals raised in CAFOs. It’s estimated that one-fifth of livestock are lost due to diseases, which is an unrecognized source of food waste. [4] 
In the U.S. alone, 1 in 4 dairy cows contracts mastitis, which is a painful and serious udder disease. The result of producing large quantities of low-quality milk, mastitis is also the leading cause of therapeutic antibiotics treatment in U.S. dairy animals. 
In an era where antibiotic-resistant disease is taking millions of lives, any preventable causes of antibiotics usage should be curbed. Mastitis is also preventable with clean, humane living conditions and proper diet, which lead to healthy cows. 
Mastitis is also another source of food waste. Milk with antibiotic residues cannot be sold, so milk from cows being treated with antibiotics for mastitis must be poured down the drain — to the tune of 1.2 billion servings a year (not to mention the addition of more antibiotics into the environment). [5] 
As noted by one study on antibiotics usage on a dairy CAFO in New York state, “One of the best options to decrease antibiotic usage is to prevent the infection in the first place …” [6] Indeed, which again brings us back to the way cows are raised. CAFOs are literal breeding grounds for infection. 
Further, according to the 2016 Global Agricultural Productivity (GAP) Report prepared by the Global Harvest Initiative, once a cow contracts mastitis, she will probably not produce as much milk as before: [7] 
In addition, the cow’s level of milk production through her entire life cycle will likely fall below her potential as she is more susceptible to contracting mastitis on a recurring basis. 
The need for alternatives to protect the health of animals and preserve the long-term effectiveness of shared-class antibiotics has never been greater. As Dairy CAFOs Grow in Size, so Too Does Related Pollution 
In Wisconsin, the heart of dairy country in the Midwest, farm consolidation is growing at an alarming rate. 
While the number of overall dairy farms in the state dropped by about one-third in the last decade, the number of such farms with more than 500 cows grew by 150 percent — and those with 2,000 or more cows grew at the fastest rate of all. [8] 
In addition to concerns like mastitis and milk gluts, such operations produce mind-boggling amounts of waste that represent one of the top sources of pollution in the U.S. Yale Environment 360 reported: [9] 
According to the EPA, a 2,000-cow dairy generates more than 240,000 pounds of manure daily or nearly 90 million pounds a year. The USDA estimates that the manure from 200 milking cows produces as much nitrogen as sewage from a community of 5,000 to 10,000 people. 
… Milking cows … produce more manure than beef cattle and the Holsteins that dominate the U.S. dairy industry produce almost twice as much manure as Jerseys. 
Cows that give more milk per cow also produce more manure and per-cow milk production has almost doubled since the 1970s. 
Manure spills and leaching of waste from storage “lagoons” contaminate waterways and drinking water, posing serious environmental risks in Wisconsin and elsewhere in the U.S. Grass-Fed Dairy: Better for the Environment, the Animals and Human Health 
Demand for grass-fed dairy products is growing at an impressive rate, which is excellent news for the environment, animal welfare and human health. Grass is a cow’s natural food. 
When cows eat grains, as they do on CAFOs that produce the milk used for most U.S. dairy products, their body composition changes. Most importantly for you, these changes include an alteration in the balance of essential fats. 
Milk (and meat) from cows raised primarily on pasture has been repeatedly shown to be higher in many nutrients, including vitamin E, beta-carotene and the healthy fats omega-3 and conjugated linoleic acid (CLA). According to a study published in the journal PLOS One: [10] 
Milk from cows consuming significant amounts of grass and legume-based forages contains higher concentrations of ω-3 FAs [omega-3 fats] and CLA than milk from cows lacking routine access to pasture and fed substantial quantities of grains, especially corn. 
In turn, lactating women consuming such milk have an increased CLA concentration in their breast milk … 
This study confirms earlier findings that milk from cows consuming significant amounts of grass and legume-based forages contains less LA [omega-6 linoleic acid] and other ω-6 Fas [omega-6 fats] and higher concentrations of ALA, CLA and the long-chain ω-3s EPA and DPA, compared to cows lacking routine access to pasture and fed substantial quantities of grains. Grass-Fed Dairy is a Solution to the Problems Created by Industrial Dairy 
Unfortunately, only about 22 percent of U.S. dairy cows have access to pasture and even then access tends to be very limited. [11] Grass-fed dairy producer Maple Hills Creamery further shared reasons why grass-fed dairy is better: [12] When a cow eats corn and grain, the pH of the rumen (the first chamber of the cow’s stomach) becomes acidic; this destroys some flora and increases systemic inflammation, shortening the cow’s lifespan and increasing her risk of infection Raising grass-fed cows requires fewer resources than growing grain crops to feed CAFO cows, along with fewer chemical fertilizers and pesticides On a 100 percent grass-fed farm, manure is spread over pastures naturally as the cows roam; there is no need for environmentally destructive manure lagoons Grass-fed dairy farming works best with small herds, which in turn helps support local economies and small farmers, who are able to claim a premium price for their premium dairy products 
“In short,” Maple Hills Creamery writes, “100 [percent] grass-fed organically produced dairy is a viable solution to the industrial dairy system, focusing on holistic care of both the animals and land, rather than an end goal of highest production and maximizing the bottom line at the cost of animal welfare and environmental concerns.” Support Raw, Grass-Fed Milk Products 
Raw milk dairy products from organically raised pasture-fed cows rank among some of the healthiest foods you can consume. They’re far superior in terms of health benefits compared to CAFO-produced, pasteurized milk products, and if statistics are any indication, safer, too. 
While many believe that milk must be pasteurized before it can be safely consumed, it’s worth remembering that raw milk was consumed for thousands of years before the invention of pasteurization. It’s also important to realize that pasteurization is only really required for certain kinds of milk, specifically that from cows raised in crowded and unsanitary conditions, which is what you find in CAFOs. 
Your dairy products should ideally be pasture-raised, NOT pasteurized. Organically raised cows that are allowed to roam free on pasture where they can graze for their natural food source produce very different milk. 
Their living conditions promote and maintain their health and optimize their milk in terms of the nutrients and beneficial bacteria it contains. Getting your raw grass-fed milk and other food from a local organic farm or co-op is one of the best ways to ensure you’re getting high-quality food. 
Read the full article at Mercola.com. References",0
11373,Michael Bloomberg Names Technological Unemployment as the Next Administration’s “Greatest Conundrum”, ,0
11374,"At Carnegie Deli in Manhattan, Just 3 Months of Pastramis to Go - The New York Times","Live in New York long enough and you will lose somewhere you love. Good things die here. It’s what keeps the place alive. But every now and then a big one goes, as it did on Friday morning, when the owner of the Carnegie Deli suddenly announced that the Manhattan sandwich place would be shutting down at the end of the year. The famous Jewish restaurant on Seventh Avenue and 55th Street, down the block from Carnegie Hall, has been putting out cardiologically perilous fare since 1937. When it closes its doors on Dec. 31, the city will lose not only an irreplaceably iconic    pastrami sandwich, but also a small piece of itself. News of the restaurant’s demise emerged at 7 a. m. on Friday when, at a meeting in the dining room, the owner, Marian Harper, told about 25   employees that she could no longer bear the stressful challenges of restaurant life. “The restaurant business is one of the hardest jobs in New York City,” Ms. Harper later said in a formal statement issued by her publicist. “At this stage in my life, the early morning to late night days have taken a toll, along with my sleepless nights and grueling hours. ” The shock waves quickly followed. Eater, the culinary website, reported on the closing with a mournful article with the headline: “Pastrami Bombshell. ” Twitter was full of photographs of deli meat and melancholy posts: “How’s a Jew like me supposed to suffer a heart attack at age 37 in this city anymore? !” And “It’s pastrami on cry. ” The restaurant had seen its share of turmoil in the last few years. In April 2015, it was closed for almost 10 months by Consolidated Edison, which was investigating its misappropriation of natural gas, an impropriety that the utility said had gone on for six years and resulted in a backdated bill of more than $40, 000. One year earlier, Ms. Harper and her husband of 22 years, Sandy Levine, went through a contentious divorce. According to her spokeswoman, Ms. Harper, 65, would not go quietly into retirement, but rather planned to devote herself  —   as awful as it sounds  —   to “licensing the iconic Carnegie Deli brand” by selling a line of wholesale products. Though the flagship restaurant would soon go the way of New York institutions such as Elaine’s and CBGB, satellite Carnegies would remain in operation at Madison Square Garden, the Mirage Hotel  Casino in Las Vegas and the Sands Casino Resort in Bethlehem, Pa. the spokeswoman said. The somewhat catty truth about the Carnegie Deli is that it is one of those New York destinations that actual New Yorkers visit once or twice and then frequently decide they have had enough of. Its 64 seats are usually filled with tourists. This was proved true by a quick poll of the people standing in line outside the restaurant on Friday afternoon. When asked where they were from, they provided a long list of locations that were not New York: Arkansas, Louisiana, Arizona, San Francisco, Miami, Dallas, Switzerland. “We came up on a bus trip from Baltimore, and I read the place was shutting down on my iPhone,” said Ruthann Smith, a    retired high school teacher who was enjoying the pastrami with her husband, Dennis, a former financier. “We were trying to figure out where to go for lunch and I said, ‘We better go to the Carnegie Deli while we still have a chance. ’” With its linoleum floors and animal protein odors, the Carnegie Deli was never fine dining, but the seedy lighting and eclectic checkerboard of celebrity photos (from the quarterback Y. A. Tittle to the Fonz, Henry Winkler) gave the place a homey sort of   charm. “I served Denzel Washington and James Brown and Bill Clinton,” said Desmarine Redwood, who has worked there as a waitress for 26 years. “It gave me peace of mind. I loved working at this place. I’m going to miss it. ” Once the deli closes, devotees of the   sandwich will begin their hunt for other options  —   perhaps like the one at Katz’s on the Lower East Side. That, at least, was a possibility for Otis Allen, a credit manager and one of the few New Yorkers having lunch at the Carnegie on Friday. “I’ll miss the place  —   I’ve been coming here for years,” Mr. Allen said. “I haven’t figured out yet where my next place will be. ”",0
11375,Silicon Valley Elites Continue to Push for Universal Basic Income - Breitbart,"Silicon Valley elites continue to push for a universal basic income in America that would give all citizens a guaranteed annual income from the government. [Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Y Combinator President Sam Altman are just two of the tech elites pushing for universal basic income in America. “We should make it so no one is worried about how they’re going to pay for a place to live, no one has to worry about how they’re going to have enough to eat,” said Altman in a speech at the Commonwealth Club in San Francisco. “Just give people enough money to have a reasonable quality of life. ”  Mark Zuckerberg, CEO of Facebook, also floated the idea in a Harvard commencement speech. “Every generation expands its definition of equality. Now it’s time for our generation to define a new social contract,” said Zuckerberg during his speech. “We should have a society that measures progress not by economic metrics like GDP but by how many of us have a role we find meaningful. We should explore ideas like universal basic income to make sure everyone has a cushion to try new ideas. ” Now Congressman Ro Khanna ( ) is getting onboard with the idea, pushing to introduce a $1 trillion expansion to the earned income tax credit that is currently available to   families. “There’s a dignity to work,” Khanna told SiliconValley. com. “People, they don’t want a handout. They want to contribute to the economy. ” Y Combinator has given 100 randomly selected families in Oakland an income of approximately $1, 500 a month. The   organization GiveDirectly is currently attempting to raise money to launch a basic income study in Kenya. The group currently plans to provide a basic income to more than 26, 000 people, with some continuing to receive payments for up to 12 years. In January the country of Finland began giving 2, 000 Finnish citizens a monthly income of $600. This study is set to last up to two years.",0
11376,Aussie woman Elly Warren raped and murdered in dangerous Mozambique,"Elly Warren, from Melbourne, was travelling Africa before she tragically died on Wednesday.
A 20-year-old woman who was travelling in Africa was last seen dropping off her bag at a beachside hostel before being found dead in a toilet cubicle.
Elly Warren, from Melbourne, was expected to return to Australia on Monday before heading to New Zealand with her boyfriend for a holiday.
Days before she set off for Africa, the 20-year-old told her father: ‘It’s dangerous Dad, I don’t know if I should be going over there.’
And things took a turn for the worst after she was raped and attacked when she reportedly walked home alone from a party in Mozambique on Wednesday.
The young traveller had booked two nights at the beachfront Wuyani Pariango backpackers in the picturesque Tofo Bay but she failed to return to her room.
Speaking to Daily Mail Australia, the hostel manager, who wished to remain anonymous, said staff members had seen the woman before she went missing.
‘She came in alone to drop off her bag and then left to meet a friend,’ the hostel manager revealed.
‘She had pre-booked her accommodation but never stayed here.’
The 20-year-old had been holidaying and doing a volunteer stint in Mozambique.
The young woman had booked two nights at the Wuyani Pariango backpackers in Tofo Bay.
Daily Mail Australia understands Ms Warren’s body is currently being transported from Tofo Beach to the country’s capital Maputo, some 500 kilometres away where a post-mortem will be performed.
Paul Warren, the distraught father of the avid traveller, is currently travelling to Mozambique in an effort to bring his daughter’s body home.
On Thursday he revealed his heartbreak over his daughter’s terrible death.
A tearful Mr Warren told 7News: ‘She even told me, “It’s dangerous dad, I don’t know if I should be going over there”.
‘And I said to her: “Yes it is, very dangerous”.’
On Thursday evening, hours after paying a moving Facebook tribute to his daughter, Mr Warren also revealed on social media an autopsy would be conducted to determine her cause of death.
‘I would just like everyone to pray for our Elly right now,’ he wrote on Facebook.
‘She is at peace with Sam, our dog, who she grew up with and loved dearly. Thank you all for your thoughts and well wishes Elly touched us all in some special way.
‘The funeral is going to take some time as Elly was in a remote fishing village called Pemba.
‘There is going to be an investigation and autopsy, which I have been informed can take up to two weeks.
‘I will be going over there in a few day to bring my baby back home. God bless you Elly Rose Warren.’
The hostel manager said staff saw Ms Warren drop her bag off before heading out to see a friend but she failed to return to her room (pictured is one of the rooms at the hostel)
The young traveller had booked two nights at the Wuyani Pariango backpackers in Tofo Bay.
Staff members at the hostel claimed they saw Ms Warren drop her bag off before heading back out to meet a friend.
Her family, who found out about the young traveller’s death in a heartbreaking late-night phone call from another backpacker, believe she became separated from her group before her body was later found in a toilet cubicle, The Age reported.
The revelation comes after her sister Kristy Warren took to Facebook to warn backpackers to be ‘careful who they go [travelling] with’.
‘My sister was in Africa whilst my mum got a phone call from one of the backpackers saying to her that her daughter has been murdered,’ Ms Warren posted to Facebook.
‘As I heard that my heart dropped. It is a parent’s nightmare to get a phone call like this.’
Describing her sister as ‘maybe too ambitious’, she urged travellers to be vigilant when overseas.
‘I want to say if you are thinking of going travelling or going overseas please be careful who you go with,’ she wrote.
Ms Warren had been in the country since late September as part of Underwater Africa, a conservation program that ‘helps protect the oceans’.
The volunteer tour’s booking manager Graeme Warrack told Daily Mail Australia the young traveller had left their group the day before she was killed.
A room at the backpackers Ms Warren was last seen before her death.
Ms Warren (pictured) has been killed while on a volunteer holiday to Mozambique, Africa.
The 20-year-old from Mordialloc, in Melbourne’s south-east suburbs, was also reportedly sexually assaulted before her death.
‘Elly arrived with us on the 27th of September and left our program on the November 8,’ he said.
‘We dropped her at her new accommodation at 5pm, to hear the news the next day has left us as broken as anyone can be, she was our friend and colleague.
‘We’re trying to find out where exactly she went once she left us, that’s something we can’t answer.’
Mr Warrack described Ms Warren as ‘the life of the party’ and said her death had taken a large toll on her fellow volunteers and scientists.
‘Elly was an incredible volunteer who was doubtlessly the life and soul of any activity,’ he said.
Ms Warren’s mother, Nicole Cafarella told The Age her daughter was ‘just one of those girls that wanted to travel the world and see everything she could before she was 30’.
Just days earlier Ms Warren had posted a video to Facebook of herself swimming with whale sharks off the Mozambique coast.
Her father Paul also shared a tribute on social media and even passed on his condolences to her boyfriend (right) in the midst of his own grief.
Tributes flowed online from Ms Warren’s friends and family following news of her death.
Ms Warren’s sister Kristy took to Facebook to share a tribute to her sister and to tell how her mother had received a call from a fellow backpacker telling her of the terrible news.
Dozens of online tributes flowed from Ms Warren’s friends from Wednesday evening when news broke of her death.
‘Taken way too soon, a gorgeous girl who had an amazing life ahead,’ one girl wrote on Facebook.
‘I feel like this is all just a f***ed up dream… It can’t be true. Rip Elly Warren I’ll never forget your huge infectious smile and crazy stories. I love you,’ another posted.
In a statement to Daily Mail Australia, the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade said they were ‘providing consular assistance to the family of a woman who died in Mozambique.’
Source 
",0
11377,Can Tesla’s Autopilot Be Trusted? Not Always - The New York Times,"LOS ANGELES  —   Driving a Tesla Model S with Autopilot technology can be frightening and exhilarating. Exhilarating, because when you are behind the wheel of a vehicle that can steer itself and will brake and accelerate when necessary, it’s easy to glimpse the future of transport, when fully autonomous driving becomes the norm. But Autopilot also gave me trepidation, as I wondered if the vehicle would indeed make that curve, or slow in time to avoid hitting the car that had come to a sudden stop in front of me. Fortunately, it succeeded, most of the time. And when there seemed room for doubt, I was able to apply my own human intervention. The issue of “handoff”  —   whether a person can safely resume control quickly enough  —   has been a topic that Tesla’s critics have seized upon. In my Autopilot test drives, I have been too nervous to be lulled into complacency. And in least one case, it was a good thing I was paying attention. Mine have been only test drives, in a car lent by the company. Last month I tried the original version of Autopilot. This week I used the updated version that Tesla has begun uploading to vehicle owners as part of a software upgrade. My wife found “freaky”  —   in a good way  —   the “summon” feature on Autopilot old and new, which enables the car to enter and leave the garage without a person in the vehicle. My grandchildren, who were along for the Autopilot test drives, screamed in delight when I took my hands off the wheel as the car steered itself on winding city streets and curving freeways. With Autopilot engaged in the    traffic endemic to Los Angeles (mostly stop, much less go) driving became much less strenuous. Gone is the constant braking and accelerating, as the car stays in lane and, with its active cruise control, slows and speeds up to keep you creeping along. When I drove with Autopilot last month, the older version gave me periodic reminders  —   a small   visual warning on the display screen and an audible chime  —   to put my hands back on the wheel. But once I did, the warning disappeared, and I could once again remove my hands until the next warning a few minutes later. This feature is where the new Autopilot may be most discernibly different. The company has said it made the warnings more emphatic in an effort to avoid the sort of fatal crash that occurred in May. In that accident, a Tesla operating in Autopilot mode on a Florida highway plowed full speed into a   that had turned in front of it. Evidently, neither the driver nor the automated system recognized the hazard. The new version is meant to force the driver to pay attention  —   or at least keep hands on the wheel. The updated Autopilot, at freeway speed, will visually and then audibly warn you to place your hands on the wheel, if it senses they are off. If you need to be reminded with three audible warnings within an hour, the Autopilot system disengages and remains that way until the car is next restarted. The visual warning has been enhanced, too. Besides the   alert on the screen, the entire perimeter of the instrument panel pulses a warning in white light. When you are puttering along at a few miles per hour in heavy traffic, though, the warnings, by design, do not come on at all. The other big Autopilot change is potentially more significant in terms of technology. To help the car sense things like a   on a Florida highway, Tesla says it has made Autopilot less reliant on the vehicle’s cameras, putting more of the onus on the radar system. Something more sophisticated than my test drives would be required to gauge the effectiveness of that change. But whether because of the new radar emphasis, or for other reasons, I did find that the automatic braking and steering seemed more precise and less abrupt with the updated Autopilot. Before, the car seemed to slow long after I would have started to brake now, it seems more suitably cautious. Yet, both before and after the upgrade I found anomalies in the Autopilot operation. Several times, as I drove in the freeway fast lane with Autopilot engaged, the Tesla began to veer toward the center divider. That happened even though the lane markings, which are supposed to guide the system, were clearly visible. In each case, I steered the car back toward the center of the lane, automatically disengaging Autopilot. At other times, I found that the vehicle made more minor steering corrections to stay in lane than I would have done if I were in control. If the lane stripes were slightly out of alignment, the car moved to the left or right to follow them, apparently not sensing that they would straighten out 10 or 20 yards ahead. Tesla says Autopilot is designed primarily to work on   roads such as expressways. But the system also works on standard city streets, with or without center dividers, as long as lane markings are visible. On city streets, Tesla intends the system to be used in    traffic. Autopilot does improve that type of driving, as the car can control speed and frequent braking better than a bored, irritated human. But on   streets when traffic is flowing, I found Autopilot to be much more erratic. On a road that curved about 90 degrees, I twice found the car heading straight for the curb. Tesla told me that’s because Autopilot was not designed to steer into such tight curves. And after the road straightened, the Tesla decided it should veer into the left turn lanes that opened up at the intersection, even though I wanted to go straight. On a straight section of road that slightly widened at one point, the Tesla headed for a parked car. Autopilot did not disengage, but the forward sensors sounded an audible warning indicating that I would need to manually hit the brakes. Good thing I was paying attention. It is clear to me that Autopilot is no substitute for an engaged driver. That, Tesla says, is the point it has made all along, no matter how   its most adventuresome car owners might be. And with the new version of Autopilot, Tesla has integrated that message more fully into the system. But if a driver needs to stay engaged, with one’s hands on the wheel and eyes on the road while using Autopilot, what is the purpose of the technology? Autopilot clearly helps in    traffic, significantly reducing driver fatigue. And maybe, as Tesla contends, Autopilot can help a responsible driver avoid accidents. But in normal,   traffic conditions, if the driver must be ready to retake control at any time, Autopilot would not seem to have much utility, especially on shorter drives when fatigue or boredom are less likely. Autopilot is an   demonstration technology, pointing the way to a full autonomous driving future. But drivers who think they now own a   vehicle are sadly, and perhaps dangerously, mistaken.",0
11379,Leaked Emails Show Government Corruption in Approving Aspartame,"by Dr. Mercola 
Artificial sweeteners such as aspartame are typically used to sweeten so-called “diet” foods and beverages in lieu of sugar or high-fructose corn syrup (HFCS). The idea is that reducing your calorie consumption will result in weight loss. 
However, research has completely demolished this notion, showing that artificial sweeteners actually have the converse effect; they actually lower appetite suppressant chemicals and encourage sugar cravings and sugar dependence, thereby raising your odds of unwanted weight gain. [1],[2] 
Research has repeatedly shown that artificial sweeteners promote insulin resistance and related health problems just like regular sugar does, including [3],[4],[5] cardiovascular disease, stroke [6],[7] and Alzheimer’s disease . 
While poor diet is a major driver of Alzheimer’s in general (the primary culprits being sugar/fructose and grains, especially gluten ), the key mechanism of harm here appears to be methanol toxicity — a much-ignored problem associated with aspartame in particular. 
In a previous interview, toxicology expert Woodrow Monte, Ph.D., (author of the book “While Science Sleeps: A Sweetener Kills” [8]) explains the links between aspartame and methanol toxicity and the formation of toxic formaldehyde. Newly Leaked Emails Discuss Rumsfeld’s Involvement in Aspartame Approval 
John Podesta’s leaked emails have turned up a number of damning pieces confirming the collusion between the soda industry and high level officials within the U.S. government, including Hillary Clinton. 
In a recent batch of leaked emails, Donald Rumsfeld’s [9] involvement in the approval of aspartame is discussed. [10] Rumsfeld served as White House chief of staff from 1974 to 1975. He was also secretary of defense from 1975 to 1977, and again from 2001 to 2006. 
In 1976, Rumsfeld became CEO of the drug company G.D. Searle & Company, which was trying to get aspartame approved by the FDA. 
To put the email chain into context, in 2013 the International Dairy Foods Association (IDFA) and the National Milk Producers Federation (NMPF) filed a petition with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) requesting the agency “amend the standard of identity” for milk and other dairy products. 
This change would allow them to add aspartame to chocolate milk, which is a primary milk product served with school lunches, without labeling it as a low-calorie drink. I wrote about this in my article, “ Big Dairy Petitions FDA to Allow Unlabeled Use of Aspartame in Dairy Products .” Former Head of FDA Reveals His Concerns About Aspartame 
At that time, Wendy Abrams, founder of Cool Globes Inc., an organization dedicated to raising awareness of climate change, forwarded correspondence to Podesta that she’d received from Don Kennedy. 
Kennedy is a former head of the FDA [11] and current editor-in-chief of Science Magazine. In his email correspondence with her, he shares his concerns about aspartame’s potential toxicity: [12],[13] 
The whole sweeteners issue has interested me since my early time at FDA … A little later, still during my time as Commissioner I was called on by Don Rumsfeld, who introduced himself as the CEO of Searle … 
[W]e told him that we would look carefully at the evidence and rely on our expert committee structure as usual. 
Aspartame continued to attract concerned critics, and we at FDA saw no resumption of Searle’s effort to get it approved. I looked up one piece on that history, which I append below. Not a very nice story. 
‘In 1985 Monsanto purchased G.D. Searle, the chemical company that held the patent to aspartame, the active ingredient in NutraSweet. 
Monsanto was apparently untroubled by aspartame’s clouded past, including a 1980 FDA Board of Inquiry, comprised of three independent scientists, which confirmed that it ‘might induce brain tumors.’ 
The FDA had actually banned aspartame based on this finding, only to have Searle Chairman Donald Rumsfeld … vow to ‘call in his markers,’ to get it approved’ … Aspartame ‘Blew Holes in Their Brains’ 
In her correspondence with Kennedy, Abrams also noted her own adverse reactions to NutraSweet, noting that: 
… I think it is poison … Doctors will swear to me it is fine, and I will tell them, maybe I’m the only person in the world who reacts like this, but clearly it affects me, and then they’ll tell me again, it is fine. They are so brainwashed by the propaganda, they refuse to believe anything contrary. 
I also have a friend who worked for the researchers at University of Chicago (which has a top rated neurology dept [sic]) and the doctors there said when they gave NutraSweet to lab mice, it literally blew holes in their brains. 
In a subsequent email, Kennedy tells Abrams that: “Rumsfeld has a lot to answer for in his next life.” Children Are at Increased Risk 
As is often the case, children are particularly susceptible to damage from artificial sweeteners. 
A recent study [14] evaluating how much artificial sweetener is actually absorbed into the blood when consumed by children versus adults found that children had DOUBLE the concentration after drinking a 12-ounce can of diet soda compared to the adults. As reported by Science Daily: [15] 
The same research team previously found that these artificial sweeteners were also present in breast milk when mothers ingested foods, drinks, medicines or other products that contained artificial sweeteners. 
Since infants have less ability to clear substances from their blood stream via the kidneys (lower glomerular filtration rate up to age 2 years), the authors speculate that the infants’ artificial sweetener blood levels may be proportionately even higher. 
These results are important because early life exposure to artificial sweeteners may influence a child’s future taste preferences, diet and metabolic fate. Research Reveals Surprising Mechanism of Harm 
Research published in the journal Nature [16] in 2014 revealed a previously unknown mechanism by which artificial sweeteners make you pack on unwanted pounds and disrupt your metabolic function. Most importantly, this study proved causation. 
In recent years, we’ve learned that gut microbes play a significant role in human health. Certain gut microbes have been linked to obesity, for example, and as it turns out, artificial sweeteners disrupt your intestinal microflora, [17],[18],[19],[20],[21] thereby raising your risk of obesity, diabetes and other related problems. 
Specifically, the researchers found that artificial sweeteners alter metabolic pathways associated with metabolic disease. Decreased function was observed in pathways associated with the transport of sugar in the body. 
Artificial sweeteners were also found to induce gut dysbiosis and glucose intolerance in otherwise healthy people. Of the artificial sweeteners tested, saccharin (Sweet’N Low) had the strongest impact, followed by sucralose and aspartame. 
Glucose intolerance is a well-known precursor to type 2 diabetes, but it also plays a role in obesity, because the excess sugar in your blood ends up being stored in your fat cells.According to the authors of this widely publicized study: [22] 
[W]e demonstrate that consumption of commonly used non-caloric artificial sweeteners formulations drives the development of glucose intolerance through induction of compositional and functional alterations to the intestinal microbiota … 
Collectively, our results link non-caloric artificial sweeteners (NAS) consumption, dysbiosis and metabolic abnormalities, thereby calling for a reassessment of massive NAS usage. 
Another study, published in PLOS One, [23] also found that when rats were fed aspartame, it shifted their gut microbiota, causing it to produce propionate — short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) involved in sugar production — which resulted in elevated blood sugar. Diet Soda May Impact Your and Your Child’s Fertility 
Recent research [24] also suggests artificially sweetened drinks may affect your fertility. It found a connection between saccharin and sucralose consumption and reduced fertility rates among women undergoing in vitro fertilization (IVF) treatment. These artificial sweeteners also raised the risk of a woman’s embryo having at least one deformity. Professor Dr. Adam Balen, chairman of the British Fertility Society (BFS), told The Daily Telegraph: [25] 
This is a very interesting study that suggests the false promise of artificial sweeteners that are found in soft drinks and added to drinks, such as coffee, may have a significant effect on the quality and fertility of woman’s eggs and this may further impact on the chances of conception. These findings are highly significant to our population. There should be more scrutiny of food additives and better information available to the public and, in particular, those wishing to conceive. ‘Diet’ Soda Is a Fraud 
False advertising is prohibited by federal law, and the term “diet” is only permitted on brands or labels when it is not false or misleading. In light of the research demonstrating that artificial sweeteners actually raise your risk of obesity rather than combat it, the consumer group U.S. Right to Know (US RTK) has asked the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and the FDA to investigate Coca-Cola Co., PepsiCo Inc. and other companies for false advertising. [26],[27] 
In its 2015 citizen petition to the FDA, [28],[29] US RTK asked the agency to issue warning letters to Coca-Cola and Pepsi, concluding that the beverages are misbranded because the use of the term “diet” is false and misleading. In another letter, [30] the group urged the agency to stop Coca-Cola Company from making “illegal claims that its artificially sweetened sodas prevent, mitigate or treat obesity,” noting that Coca-Cola has made such claims on at least eight occasions. 
For example, Coca-Cola Company announced that its No. 1 “global commitment to fighting obesity” is to “offer low- or no- calorie beverage options in every market.” [31] 
However, if artificially sweetened beverages promote obesity rather than fight it — which research clearly indicates — then Coca-Cola’s commitment is anything but helpful. Nor is it supported by science. I listed a sampling of studies clearly refuting the industry’s “diet” claims in my previous article, “ Aspartame Update: Coke Illegally Claims Diet Soda Can Combat Obesity .” 
Most recently, The New York Times [32] reported on a new study [33] showing water clearly beats diet soda for weight loss. Eighty-one overweight women diagnosed with type 2 diabetes ate the same diet, with one exception. Half drank diet beverages five times a week while the other half drank plain water. 
Six months later, the group that drank water had lost an average of 14 pounds. The diet soda group lost an average of 11.5 pounds. The water group also saw greater improvements in measures of diabetes severity, such as fasting insulin and postprandial glucose. All of this is right in line with previous research showing artificial sweeteners promote weight gain and worsen diabetes . Expect More Artificial Sweeteners in Pepsi Products 
PepsiCo is now vowing to reduce the amount of sugar they add to their drinks. [34] According to a recent announcement, at least two-thirds of its drinks will contain 100 calories or less from added sugar per 12-ounce serving by 2025. But while this may sound like good news, it simply means that more artificial sweeteners will be used. 
Indeed, the company has stated it will achieve this sugar-reduction goal by introducing more artificially sweetened drinks and reformulating existing beverage recipes. Considering artificial sweeteners are more damaging than sugar, this means the company’s products will become even more harmful than they already are. 
As you may recall, just last year Pepsi announced it would stop using aspartame. The decision came on the heels of declining diet beverage sales following a string of bad press discussing mounting health concerns. 
Alas, by September 2015 the company reintroduced aspartame, claiming consumers were demanding more choices. Whether that’s true or not is impossible to tell, but another, and more likely incentive, is that PepsiCo is simply trying to hedge their bets should a tax on sugary beverages actually go through. Reclaim Your Health by Ditching ‘Diet’ Drinks and Snacks 
When you add together the various routes of harm — from confusing your body with sweet taste without calories, altering your gut bacteria for the worse, impairing your fertility and, who knows, maybe even “blowing holes in your brain” — it becomes easy to see how artificial sweeteners have likely played a role in worsening the obesity and diabetes epidemics since their emergence in our food supply, and how they may be undermining health in a myriad of unsuspected ways. 
I strongly recommend avoiding ALL artificial sweeteners, and to read food labels to make sure you’re not inadvertently consuming them. They’re added to some 6,000 different beverages, snacks and food products, so there’s no telling where they might be hiding. 
As for safer sweetener options, you could use stevia or Lo Han, both of which are safe natural sweeteners. Keep in mind, however, that if you struggle with high blood pressure, high cholesterol, diabetes or extra weight, then you have insulin sensitivity issues and would probably benefit from avoiding all sweeteners, including natural ones. 

Read the full article at Mercola.com. 
Sources and References",0
11380,ESPN’s Mike Golic: Fans Shouting Racial Slurs at Adam Jones Should Be Publicly Outed - Breitbart,"On Tuesday’s “Mike and Mike” on ESPN Radio,   Mike Golic reacted to a group of Boston Red Sox fans berating Baltimore Orioles center fielder Adam Jones with racial slurs Monday night.  Golic said the fans, who were removed from the stadium, should be publicly outed along with their quotes for everybody to see. “What kind of idiot are you to do something like that?” Golic scolded. “The way I look at it, you’re yelling that out publicly to somebody, I wish you would be publicly outed. I wish your face would be somewhere and with the quote of what you said right under your face publicly for everybody to see since you feel the need to yell something about someone. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
11381,Angel Mom Laura Wilkerson Launches ’Enforce the Law’,"Laura Wilkerson, an “Angel Mom” whose teenage son was tortured and murdered by an illegal immigrant, talked with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow about her new organization, Enforce the Law, which she formed to advocate for enforcing America’s immigration laws, defunding sanctuary cities, and securing the border. [According to the organization’s website:  Donald Trump made a number of very specific pledges. Three in particular were to secure the border, cancel all federal funding to sanctuary cities, and begin removing the more than two million criminal illegal immigrants currently in the United States. The goal of this project is to continue building public support for these proposals, and help to ensure that the job gets done. Wilkerson told Marlow, “It floored my family that our son was tortured and murdered. Then you get this extra layer that it was someone who was in this country illegally. I remember asking a detective, ‘Where are his parents?’ and they said, ‘Well, we can’t ask him. ’” Wilkerson said that was her first introduction to the concept of sanctuary cities. “I thought to myself, how odd. I can be pulled over, you or I, any day of the week, and asked where we’re going or where we’ve been, and you answer those questions, and you’re free to go. It was absolutely stunning to me that you couldn’t ask that question in a sanctuary city. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
11382,The Shadow Pope: Inside Look into Francis’ Secretive Rule,"The Shadow Pope: Inside Look into Francis’ Secretive Rule October 26, 2016 Pope Francis gestures during a meeting with the media onboard the papal plane while en route to Rome, Italy, November 30, 2015. REUTERS/Daniel Dal Zennaro/Pool/File Photo 
Reuters Senior Vatican Correspondent Philip Pullella has publishing a scathing report which looks into the secretive and reclusive management style of the first Jesuit Pope. Pope Francis has elected to pursue a secretive management style to push through progressive doctrines. Pope Francis kept nearly the entire Vatican hierarchy in the dark about his decision to ordain Father Simoni. Father Simoni: “I did not believe either my ears or eyes. The pope said it, but I could not believe it. 'Can he be talking about another Ernest?' I said to myself."" Pope Francis carries his own black briefcase, keeps his own agenda, and makes many of his own calls. In contrast: Benedict XVI and John Paul II, worked hand-in-hand with the Vatican bureaucracy, known as the curia. Internal critics say he relies too much on ‘snap’ judgments. Virtually ‘impossible’ to determine who is really close to Pope Francis. Francis's two priest-secretaries are Father Fabian Pedacchio Leaniz from Argentina and Father Yoannis Lahzi Gaid from Egypt. Source close to Pope: ""He does not want any filters.” “Sometimes he will tell one of his secretaries 'so-and-so is arriving in a few minutes' and that is the first they hear of it. Sometimes he tells one without telling the other."" ""He is sometimes like the leader who says 'I don't care what the generals say, I will tell Lieutenant so-and-so to take that hill’.” 
(VATICAN CITY) Father Ernest Simoni, a 88-year-old Albanian, was watching Pope Francis on television this month when, to his astonishment, he heard the pontiff mention his name. 
Francis announced that the simple, white-haired Roman Catholic priest, who had spent many years in jail during Albania's communist dictatorship, was to become a cardinal. 
It was the first that Simoni, or any of the other 16 new cardinals named by Francis at the same time, had heard of their elevation to the prestigious rank. 
""I did not believe either my ears or eyes,"" Simoni told Reuters in Albania. ""The pope said it, but I could not believe it. 'Can he be talking about another Ernest?' I said to myself."" 
But more significantly, the pope had also kept nearly the entire Vatican hierarchy in the dark about his decision, which he announced on Oct. 9 to thousands of pilgrims. 
The episode illustrates how Francis has used his own distinct management style to try to shake up the Church since his election in 2013. He is keeping his cards close to his chest as he tries to push through a progressive agenda to make the Church more welcoming in the face of conservative opposition. 
Interviews with a dozen current and past Vatican officials and aides paint a portrait of Pope Francis, a Jesuit who turns 80 in December, as eschewing filters between him and the outside world. He carries his own black briefcase, keeps his own agenda, and makes many of his own calls. 
In contrast, his two immediate predecessors, Benedict XVI and John Paul II, worked hand-in-hand with the Vatican bureaucracy, which is known as the curia. 
Behind Francis's approach is a clear mandate, received from the worldwide cardinals who elected him in 2013, to overhaul the curia. 
Over the decades the Vatican's administration has collected some of the Church's most orthodox officials, partly because of the lieutenants that Francis's two highly-conservative predecessors called to their entourages in Rome. 
As a result, Francis believes that only by reducing the power of the curia – including surprising it on some decisions - can the 1.2 billion-member Church embrace those who have felt marginalized, such as gays and the divorced. 
The approach has scored Francis some victories, such as bypassing conservative bishops to streamline the procedures by which Catholics can obtain marriage annulments. 
There have also been setbacks, such as putting too much power in one cardinal's hands to resolve financial problems and later having to rein him in. 
Some internal critics say he relies too much on snap judgments and others have urged greater transparency. They say his decisions to set up new structures, such as an economy ministry and an external advisory council of eight cardinals from around the world, were divisive and that he could have enacted change by putting new people at the top of existing departments. 
NO FILTERS 

One of the most striking differences between Francis and his two predecessors is that it is virtually impossible to determine who, if anyone, is really close to him. 
The personal secretaries of Benedict and John Paul - respectively Georg Ganswein, now an archbishop, and Stanislaw Dziwisz, now a cardinal - were always at their side and became celebrities in their own right, the powerful gate-keepers to get to the pope. 
By contrast, few people know the identities of Francis's two priest-secretaries - Father Fabian Pedacchio Leaniz from Argentina and Father Yoannis Lahzi Gaid, an Egyptian. Both have other part-time jobs in the Vatican and do not appear or travel with him. 
""He does not want any filters,"" said a person who knows the pope well. ""Sometimes he will tell one of his secretaries 'so-and-so is arriving in a few minutes' and that is the first they hear of it. Sometimes he tells one without telling the other."" 
This person, like most of the others interviewed for this article, has had direct dealings with Francis and all spoke on condition of anonymity as they were not authorized to talk to the media. 
This year, an Argentine visitor told a guard at a Vatican gate that the pope was expecting him. Phone calls had to be made to determine he was not a prankster. The pope had not told anyone he had invited the visitor. 
One person close to the pope said he likes to manage this way because it gives him freedom to bypass rigid channels of communication and makes it impossible for anyone to become indispensable, as top aides of previous popes did. 
JOYFUL DESTRUCTION 

Francis likes to break rules and then change them once the shock has died down. Two weeks after his election, he included women in a liturgical service open only to men. Later, he ordered that the rules be formally changed worldwide. 
Pope Benedict's sudden resignation in February 2013 brought to a climax one of the most turbulent periods in modern Vatican history, including the arrest of his butler for leaking documents that exposed corruption and cronyism. 
Francis watched from afar as Benedict's papacy unraveled under the weight of successive scandals. 
After he was elected, he appointed trusted people to lower or mid-level positions in Vatican departments, where they can be his eyes and ears. For example, Pedacchio, his Argentine secretary, also works in the department that decides who will become bishops. 
Monsignor Battista Mario Salvatore Ricca, an Italian who runs the Vatican guest house where the pope lives, was given a position at the Vatican bank as the link man between a supervisory commission of cardinals and the board of directors. 
""He is sometimes like the leader who says 'I don't care what the generals say, I will tell Lieutenant so-and-so to take that hill',"" said a source, adding that the pope enjoyed rattling an inefficient bureaucracy with what the source described as ""joyful destruction"". 
FIRST IMPRESSIONS 

Several of those interviewed said Francis puts much stock in his immediate gut feelings about people. When he takes a liking to someone he can become blind to their faults and when he does not, it is hard to reverse that first impression, they said. 
Francis was impressed by Cardinal George Pell of Sydney when he met the Australian in 2013. In meetings cardinals held among themselves before that year's conclave, the former Australian Rules football player stood out not only for his height and broad shoulders but also for his command of financial matters. 
Months after his election, Francis, hoping to put an end to Vatican financial scandals, moved Pell to Rome to head a new ministry, the Secretariat for the Economy. 
After initially giving him sweeping powers, the pope later significantly trimmed them back when other departments accused Pell of treating them in an overbearing way and of being condescending to the Italian-dominated curia. 
Pell's position in the Vatican has also been weakened by allegations of sexual abuse when he was in Australia. Pell denies the allegations and the pope has said he will withhold judgment until an Australian investigation is over. 
In another controversial appointment, Francis, acting on a recommendation, named Francesca Chaouqui, a 32-year-old Italian public relations expert, to a commission advising him on reform. On July 8, 2016, a Vatican court convicted her of helping to leak embarrassing internal documents to journalists. 
Insiders say the Pell and Chaouqui cases are examples of Francis making decisions too quickly. 
Even though his health is good, they say he feels he has little time left and many things still to do; that perhaps explains the hastiness of some of his decisions. 
Francis appears to enjoy sending signals that he alone is calling the shots. 
When his predecessors spoke to the media on papal flights they were always flanked by the secretary of state or the deputy secretary of state. The stage management suggested that behind the man in white, there stood a centuries-old bureaucracy. 
Under Francis, those prelates now stay out of sight in the front section of the plane. 
This article was contributed by Reuters Please contact TRUNEWS correspondent Edward Szall with any news tips related to this story. Email: | Twitter: @EdwardSzall | Facebook: Ed Szall DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP on Apple and Google Play !  ",0
11383,Exclusive - Rand Paul: Let’s ’Smash’ Paul Ryan’s Obamacare Lite ’to Smithereens’ - Breitbart,"Look, I’m a “glass is half full” kind of guy. You have to be. I try to stay positive. I try to keep thinking maybe, maybe someday CONGRESS will remember the vision of our Founding Fathers   …     and that those we elect will represent us, not the special interests. [But Washington politicians are so far gone that the Constitution is not even an afterthought, and their master seems to be whatever industry funds them.  It doesn’t have to be this way. We just had an election about change, about draining the swamp. President Trump promised to be different, and I believe he sincerely wants to be. But he is being taken for a ride through the swamp right now on “Obamacare Lite. ” For four STRAIGHT elections, REPUBLICANS ran on repealing Obamacare, and now “Republican orthodoxy”  —   I’m told  —   is keeping insurance subsidies, mandates, taxes, and insurance company bailouts. That’s not acceptable to me. And it isn’t keeping our promise. Though I want to believe the glass is half full, I am tempted, very tempted, to smash a glass half full of Obamacare Lite  —   smash that glass to smithereens! When did Republicans begin to believe that insurance companies should be put on the dole? That they should be bailed out when any of their customers become sick? When did Republicans begin to believe that the federal government should force you to pay a penalty to a private insurance company if you can’t afford insurance? When did Republicans begin to believe that we should levy a special tax penalty on those who choose to buy really good health insurance? The current Ryan Plan  —   “Obamacare Lite”  —   is not about patients. It isn’t about better health care. It isn’t about lowering costs. It is, plain and simple, about getting more money to the insurance companies and running more of your life from Washington. I am a career physician. I spent years training and learning to be a doctor. I did it for patients. I don’t give a flip about guaranteeing the profits of insurance companies. And as a Senator, I shouldn’t, either. But in Washington, somehow, the whole debate seems to be about getting people insurance instead of getting people health care. Insurance doesn’t equate to health care. Just ask all the Obamacare recipients with $6, 000 deductibles. I’m sick of the insurance companies putting me on hold and telling me to talk to their representative in a foreign country.  Screw that. I’m sick of the government telling me I have to buy their crappy product, and I’m sick of watching us go into more and more debt to do it. We need a new way, and Obamacare Lite isn’t it. I want the consumer (aka patient) to be king. I want to empower the patient to get the health care they want at the price they want. I want to let every American be able to join a   to buy their health care. When that happens, the buying power returns to the patients. Instead of patients having to kiss the boots of insurance company executives, my plan would have insurance executives come on bended knee to the patient. The patient would be king. The patient, as part of a large buying group, would be able to negotiate lower prices and a policy where you can’t be dropped or ripped off if you become sick. The patient would be able to purchase exactly the type of coverage that suited her needs, without government mandates telling her what she must buy. ObamaCare forced every American to purchase a policy that included Pediatric Dental, whether you had children under eighteen or not. Is that freedom of choice? Why should you have to pay for something you cannot use? Good for the insurance industry, but bad for patients. As a physician and as a patient, I hate Obamacare. Obamacare jacked up insurance rates and created insurance monopolies. But the answer is not replacing the government mandate with an insurance mandate, which is exactly what Obamacare Lite does.  I don’t feel any less manipulated by being forced to pay the insurance company a penalty instead of the government. I want the patient to be king. If you want to disrupt the apple cart, if you want to take away the monopoly power of insurance companies, do one thing  —   allow every individual in America to join a   to join a buying group, to join an association health plan. The insurance CEOs hate the idea  —   which should be enough to tell you it might just empower the patient. So if you hated Obamacare and don’t care much for Ryan’s Obamacare Lite, maybe you ought to consider telling them all to take a hike and give you the option of joining a  . Give you the option of buying across state lines. Give you the option of having a YUGE Health Savings Account so you can spend your money how you want. I challenge the media to compare the price of LASIK surgery, contact lenses, and orthodontics in the last twenty years  —   prices come down when patients make decisions about what they are buying.  While I am a “glass is half full” kind of guy, I also would love to give the middle finger to the man that profits off of government bailouts and forces his or her monopoly Brand of insurance schemes on an often worried and defenseless public. Just say no to Obamacare, to Obamacare Lite, and to any scheme to enrich the insurance cartel.",0
11384,"In Judge Neil Gorsuch, an Echo of Scalia in Philosophy and Style - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   A year ago, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch was midway down a ski slope when his cellphone rang. Justice Antonin Scalia, he was told, had died. “I immediately lost what breath I had left,” Judge Gorsuch said in a speech two months later. “And I am not embarrassed to admit that I couldn’t see the rest of the way down the mountain for the tears. ” President Trump, in nominating Judge Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, has chosen a judge who not only admires the justice he would replace but also in many ways resembles him. He shares Justice Scalia’s legal philosophy, talent for vivid writing and love of the outdoors. Mr. Trump’s selection of Judge Gorsuch was nonetheless a bit of a surprise, coming from someone who had campaigned as a Washington outsider. Judge Gorsuch has deep roots in the city and the establishment Mr. Trump often criticized. His mother was a   official in the Reagan administration. He spent part of his childhood in Washington and practiced law here for a decade, at a prominent law firm and in the Justice Department. And, like all of the current justices, he is a product of the Ivy League, having attended college at Columbia and law school at Harvard. Judge Gorsuch, 49  —   who was appointed to the United States Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit, in Denver, by President George W. Bush  —   is an originalist, meaning he tries to interpret the Constitution consistently with the understanding of those who drafted and adopted it. This approach leads him to generally but not uniformly conservative results. “Ours is the job of interpreting the Constitution,” he wrote in a concurrence last year. “And that document isn’t some inkblot on which litigants may project their hopes and dreams. ” While he has not written extensively on several issues of importance to many conservatives, including gun control and gay rights, Judge Gorsuch has taken strong stands in favor of religious freedom, earning him admiration from the right. In two prominent cases, both of which reached the Supreme Court, he sided with employers who had religious objections to providing some forms of contraception coverage to their female workers. He voted in favor of Hobby Lobby Stores, a   company that objected to regulations under the Affordable Care Act requiring many employers to provide free contraception coverage. Similarly, he dissented from a decision not to rehear a ruling requiring the Little Sisters of the Poor, an order of nuns, to comply with an aspect of the regulations. The Supreme Court ruled in favor of Hobby Lobby in 2014 and vacated the decision concerning the Little Sisters of the Poor in 2016. Like Justice Scalia, Judge Gorsuch takes a broad view of the Fourth Amendment, which bars unreasonable government searches and seizures. Judge Gorsuch was born and spent his early years in Colorado, and he returned there when he became a judge more than a decade ago. Michael W. McConnell, who served with Judge Gorsuch on the appeals court and is now a law professor at Stanford, said his former colleague’s Colorado background would add something distinctive to the Supreme Court. “He’s a Westerner,” Professor McConnell said. “There are so many cases that have to do with the West, and I also think the cultural sensibilities of the West are different. He’s an outdoorsman, and the Supreme Court needs a little bit more geographical diversity. ” In Colorado, Judge Gorsuch is known for his involvement with the outdoors and the local legal community. He lives in unincorporated Boulder County, in a   community on a property with several horses. He has raised chickens and goats with his teenage daughters, Emma and Belinda, and his wife, Louise, an avid equestrian. He is a black diamond skier and fisherman and hosts regular picnics for his former law clerks with another 10th Circuit judge, Timothy M. Tymkovich. Judge Gorsuch has not hesitated to take stands that critics say have a partisan edge. He has criticized liberals for turning to the courts rather than legislatures to achieve their policy goals, and has called for limiting the power of federal regulators. Nan Aron, the president of the Alliance for Justice, a liberal group, said Judge Gorsuch’s stance on federal regulation was “extremely problematic” and “even more radical than Scalia. ” “Not requiring courts to defer to agency expertise when an act of Congress is ambiguous,” she said, “will make it much harder for federal agencies to effectively address a wide variety of critical matters, including labor rights, consumer and financial protections, and environmental law. ” In a 2005 essay in National Review, written before he became a judge, he criticized liberals for preferring litigation to the political process. “American liberals have become addicted to the courtroom, relying on judges and lawyers rather than elected leaders and the ballot box, as the primary means of effecting their social agenda on everything from gay marriage to assisted suicide to the use of vouchers for   education,” he wrote. “This overweening addiction to the courtroom as the place to debate social policy is bad for the country and bad for the judiciary. ” Like Justice Scalia, Judge Gorsuch is a lively and accessible writer. Consider the first paragraph of a 2011 libel decision, which dispensed with the   and jargon that characterizes many judicial opinions. “Can you win damages in a defamation suit for being called a member of the Aryan Brotherhood prison gang on cable television when, as it happens, you have merely conspired with the Brotherhood in a criminal enterprise?” Judge Gorsuch wrote. “The answer is no. While the statement may cause you a world of trouble, while it may not be precisely true, it is substantially true. And that is enough to call an end to this litigation as a matter of law. ” Judge Gorsuch’s writing differs from Justice Scalia’s in one major way: His tone is consistently courteous and mild, while some of Justice Scalia’s dissents were caustic and wounding. If Judge Gorsuch is confirmed, the court will return to a familiar dynamic, with Justice Anthony M. Kennedy, a moderate conservative, holding the decisive vote in many closely divided cases. Judge Gorsuch was born in Denver, but he moved to Washington as a teenager when his mother, Anne M. Gorsuch, joined the administration of President Ronald Reagan as the first woman to lead the Environmental Protection Agency. Ms. Gorsuch, known after her remarriage as Anne Burford, resigned under fire from Congress after 22 months. After law school, he also attended Oxford University in England as a Marshall Scholar, graduating with a doctorate in legal philosophy. He served as a law clerk for a year to Judge David B. Sentelle, a conservative member of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. After the appeals court clerkship, Mr. Gorsuch served as a law clerk to Justice Byron R. White, then a retired member of the Supreme Court. As is the court’s custom, Justice White shared his clerk with an active member of the court, Justice Kennedy. (When Judge Gorsuch joined the Denver appeals court, Justice Kennedy administered the oath of office.) Mr. Gorsuch then practiced law for a decade at Kellogg, Huber, Hansen, Todd, Evans  Figel, a Washington law firm, before serving in the Justice Department from 2005 to 2006. He is the author of “The Future of Assisted Suicide and Euthanasia,” published in 2006 by Princeton University Press. The book argued that laws banning those practices should be retained. In a 2002 article reflecting on Justice White’s death, Mr. Gorsuch criticized the Senate’s handling of judicial confirmations. “Some of the most impressive judicial nominees are grossly mistreated,” he said, mentioning two candidates for the federal appeals court in Washington who he said were “widely considered to be among the finest lawyers of their generation. ” One was John G. Roberts Jr. who went on to become chief justice of the United States. The other was Judge Merrick B. Garland, who was confirmed to the appeals court in 1997 after a long delay, but whose nomination to Justice Scalia’s seat last year was blocked by Senate Republicans. If he is confirmed, Judge Gorsuch will become the 113th justice, taking a seat that has been held not only by Justice Scalia but also by Justice Robert H. Jackson, perhaps the finest writer to have served on the court. “The towering judges that have served in this particular seat of the Supreme Court,” Judge Gorsuch said in his remarks at the White House on Tuesday night, “are much in my mind at this moment. ” But Judge Gorsuch seemed to take special pleasure in remembering the justice who had first hired him as a law clerk, a Westerner whose accomplishments were not limited to the law. “I began my legal career working for Byron White,” he said, “the last Coloradan to serve on the Supreme Court  —   and the only justice to lead the N. F. L. in rushing. ”",0
11385,Russia plans to test elements of new nuclear engine on ISS,"Russia plans to test elements of new nuclear engine on ISS 27 October 2016 TASS Roscosmos is ready to allocate more than 264 million rubles (about $4 million) for this work. Facebook russia , space , nuclear 
Russia’s state space corporation Roscosmos has announced a tender for developing proposals on testing key elements of a megawatt-class nuclear propulsion system, including aboard the International Space Station (ISS), according to the tender documentation posted on the state procurement website on Thursday. 
Specifically, Roscosmos expects to receive ""proposals on the rational structure of key elements, systems and items of a perspective nuclear propulsion unit intended for tests in outer space, including with the use of the ISS’ Russian segment. 
According to the tender documentation, Roscosmos is ready to allocate more than 264 million rubles (about $4 million) for this work. 
The winner of the tender is expected to be announced on October 28. 
As of now, only the Keldysh Research Center has submitted its bid for this work. 
The works on creating a transport energy module based on a megawatt-class nuclear propulsion unit were approved by the Russian presidential commission for modernization and technological development of the Russian economy in 2009. 
By the end of 2018, the energy propulsion unit should be prepared for flight and design tests. 
It was reported earlier that 3.8 billion rubles ($60 million) would be allocated from the budget for developing a nuclear propulsion unit in 2016-2018. Roscosmos is the project’s customer and the Keldysh Research Center is its contractor. The contract should be fulfilled by November 2018. First published by TASS .",0
11386,"Kim Kardashian Is Tied and Robbed of Millions in Jewels, French Police Say - The New York Times","PARIS  —   Just after midnight on Monday, Kim Kardashian West left an intimate Fashion Week reception and dinner in the Marais section of Paris, at which truffled scrambled eggs, white fish and copious amounts of Champagne were served. With her sister Kourtney Kardashian, she posed for some paparazzi waiting outside. Along with a bodyguard, they entered a dark van with tinted windows and drove off. About two and a half hours later, French officials said, Ms. Kardashian West, a reality television star, was robbed at gunpoint of jewelry worth at least 8 million euros, or nearly $9 million. She was alone in a luxurious apartment in the Eighth Arrondissement, nearly two miles from the dinner, when two men burst in, tied her up and gagged her, then escaped with at least three accomplices, officials said. The crime stunned fans of Ms. Kardashian West, who has millions of followers on Twitter and Instagram. Her husband, the musician Kanye West, abruptly walked off the stage of a concert in Queens when he learned of the crime. It also focused unwanted attention on France, where tourism has plummeted following a series of major terrorist attacks. Crucial details remained unclear on Monday, including why Ms. Kardashian West was alone and why she was carrying such valuable jewelry. But police officials and the mayor of Paris vowed to get to the bottom of the crime and to reassure their citizens, and foreigners, that the French capital was safe to visit. “I condemn the attack Kim Kardashian suffered last night in her hotel,” the mayor, Anne Hidalgo, said in a statement. “She has my support and will always be welcome here in Paris. I have full confidence that the police force, as part of their investigation, will quickly identify and apprehend the perpetrators of these acts. ” A spokesman for the investigative unit of the Paris police said the men were part of a group of about five people who stormed the V. I. P. residence, the Hôtel de Pourtalès, near the Madeleine church. At least one had a handgun. Luc Poignant, a spokesman for a police officers’ union, said the men locked Ms. Kardashian West in a bathroom after tying her up with tape. Along with the jewelry, which included a ring, they made off with cellphones and a wallet that contained credit cards. Three of the men left on foot, and two on bikes, he said. The men had targeted their victim  —   they forced the concierge to tell them where Ms. Kardashian West was staying, and tied his hands. The men appeared to have worn shirts identifying themselves as police officers  —   but also balaclavas and gloves, which are not part of the police uniform. Ms. Kardashian West was “badly shaken but physically unharmed,” her spokeswoman told The Associated Press, offering no further details. It appeared that Ms. Kardashian West gave a statement to the police before she departed, but her representatives did not respond to multiple messages requesting details. Foreign tourism to France has dropped substantially after major terrorism attacks in Paris in November 2015 and in the Mediterranean city of Nice in July. France remains under a state of emergency. “This is a very rare occurrence that took place in a private space, and in no way does it call into question the work of our police or the security of our public spaces,” Ms. Hidalgo, the mayor, said on Monday. “It is possible to visit the French capital and enjoy all it has to offer in secure conditions. ” Nonetheless, the attack on Ms. Kardashian West quickly became political fodder on Monday. Presidential elections are scheduled for next year, and the incumbent, François Hollande of the Socialist Party, is expected to face a stiff challenge from   candidates who are competing with Mr. Hollande to appear tough on crime. “What happened to her is running nonstop on every channel,” Nathalie   a member of the National Assembly with the   opposition party, the Republicans, told the radio station Europe1. “Do you realize the kind of   this is for Paris? Today, you can make any kind of commercial you want for Paris, and they are very expensive. All these commercials were canceled out by what happened to Kim Kardashian. ” On Twitter, Florian Philippot, the vice president of the   National Front party, denounced the “violent aggression” against Ms. Kardashian West and warned, “Once again, tourism is going to pay for this chronic insecurity in France. ” He also accused Ms. Hidalgo of “blindness” and said she was in an “ivory tower. ” Ms. Hidalgo, for her part, warned politicians not to exploit the issue for political gain.   crimes are not uncommon in France, which by many estimates remains the world’s   country. In 2013, a thief robbed a luxury hotel in Cannes, on the Riviera, and made off with tens of millions of dollars in jewelry. In 2014, the Place Vendôme, one of the most fashionable squares in Paris, was hit by a series of    robberies. Last year, thieves  assaulted two armored vans and made off with jewelry worth an estimated $10 million. Only a few days ago, Ms. Kardashian West was tackled in a Paris street by a man who was pinned to the ground by her bodyguards. The man, identified as Vitalii Sediuk, had a record for following celebrities around and did not appear to be a robber. On Sunday evening, Ms. Kardashian West attended the Givenchy fashion show with her sister Kourtney and their mother, Kris Jenner, and the rock singer Courtney Love, before making her way to the dinner, which was hosted by the American design magazine Surface in honor of the designer Azzedine Alaïa. “I just can’t believe it,” said Pierre Hardy, who designs footwear and accessories for Hermès and attended the dinner. “There she was with all of us, and then hours later that happens. It’s unbelievable. ” Another guest at the dinner, Deena Aljuhani Abdulaziz, the new editor in chief of Vogue Arabia and a member of the Saudi royal family, said on Monday: “There’s no question in my mind that this will play heavily on the mind of shoppers and travelers from the Gulf when it comes to visiting in Paris. Lots wear their jewelry very openly here. They shop. And have always felt very safe doing so. But when something like this can happen, and to someone with such a good security detail, well  —   it’s a big surprise. And it’s very frightening. ”",0
11387,How WiFi & Other EMFs Cause Biological Harm,"How WiFi & Other EMFs Cause Biological Harm Professor Martin Pall, PhD – professor of Biochemistry and Basic Medical Science at Washington State... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/10/how-wifi-other-emfs-cause-biological.html Professor Martin Pall, PhD – professor of Biochemistry and Basic Medical Science at Washington State University, Pullman, says that WiFi & other EMFs can cause biological harm. In 2014 he said “I think this is going to be one of the major issues in the next few years. Most people are not aware of this, and the people who are mostly know the old data and there’s a lot of new stuff on this that’s extremely, extremely important”. According to some governments, it is not possible for microwaves from mobile phones, WiFi, ‘smart’ meters , etc. to cause harm, that research in the field is inconsistent and that there is no proof that such radiation can cause health issues. But Prof Pall who is an eminent physicist, geneticist and cell biologist, says they are wrong on all counts.In this video (below), Pall argues that research results showing harm are not “inconsistent” as is sometimes claimed, and that the health of the public now urgently needs to be protected. Pall’s extensive research over recent decades (some of his peer-reviewed studies on this subject are listed in the final two minutes of this presentation) shows that: Microwaves damage humans at levels far below present radiation limits, through mechanisms at the cellular level These biological mechanisms can – completely or partially – be behind growing “unexplained illnesses” like sudden cardiac death, ME, weakened immune system, fibromyalgia, post-traumatic stress, and increased DNA breakage, etc. The effects can in principle affect all multicellular animals, and is proven, for example, in mussels You need neither New Age, tendentious science or conspiracy theories to justify this. The conclusion to be drawn from Pall’s findings is that we face a new and increasingly present environmental pollutant. Some have called it the “21st century environmental bomb”, with implications for the environment, human health, construction of mobile towers, computers in schools, and handling of individuals presenting with symptoms of EHS. Martin Pall, prof. Em. at Washington State University, has an impressive body of work. His first article on EMFs and their role in VGCC activation earned a place in the “Global Medical Discovery” list of the most important articles in medicine in 2013. The video is footage from Arne Naess seminar 18th October 2014 Oslo: Source & reference: Yournewswire.com ; Video by Stop Smart Meters! (UK)  ",0
11388,Media Meltdown Over Kellyanne Conway Sitting on Oval Office Couch,"A photo of senior White House adviser Kellyanne Conway sitting on a couch in the Oval Office, while taking photos of President Trump as he met with leaders of historically black universities and colleges, spurred outrage and debate on social media. [Leading the pack was Buzzfeed’s Deputy news director Jon Passantino, who said “Conservatives were pissed Obama put his feet on Oval Office desk. Watch their reaction tonight. ”  Shoes on the couch in the Oval Office pic. twitter.   —   Jon Passantino (@passantino) February 28, 2017,  Motherboard reporter Sarah Emerson‏ said the Conway couch photo made her want “to go to therapy. ” i have to go to therapy after seeing the kellyanne conway shoes on the couch pic,  —   Sarah Emerson (@SarahNEmerson) February 28, 2017,  Heat Street   Louise Mensch said Conway was classless. No class @KellyannePolls  —   mutton dressed as lamb, feet on the couch, don’t look at   leaders, your momma must be ashamed https:  .   —   Louise Mensch (@LouiseMensch) February 28, 2017,  Meanwhile some liberal journalists, including Mother Jones editor Ben Dreyfuss, argued that far worse things had been done on White House furniture. ”How dare Kellyanne Conway disrespect the Oval Office!”  —  People who rightfully defend Bill Clinton for getting a blow job in the Oval Office,  —   Ben Dreyfuss (@bendreyfuss) February 28, 2017,  WashPo’s Chris Cillizza concurred: The ’Kellyanne on the couch’ controversy is so incredibly dumb https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Chris Cillizza (@TheFix) February 28, 2017,  “This is all par for the Internet   police,” Cillizza wrote. Soon, social media was being inundated with several photos of President Barack Obama sitting on and placing his feet on the Resolute Desk. @KeithOlbermann Oops, Trump is probably too busy cleaning Obama’s shoeprints off the desk to explain to liberals why they’re insane. #nuts pic. twitter.   —   Jock Doubleday (@jockdoubleday) February 28, 2017,  Why trending  …    @USATODAY pic. twitter.   —   pete602 (@petefrt) February 28, 2017,  @CBSNews Decorum in the oval? Pres Bush always wore his jkt in the office Obama rolled up his sleeves and put his feet on the antique desk. pic. twitter.   —   Waukesha GOP (@WaukeshaGOP) February 28, 2017,  Lost in all the Conway faux fuss was President Trump’s important and historic meeting with leaders of historically black universities and college. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
11389,Nasty Women,"  Recipient Email => 
Donald Trump grabbed a new lifeline. Speaking at a rally in Charlotte, North Carolina, on October 15th, he raised a hand as if to take an oath and declared : “I am a victim!” The great business tycoon, the one and only man who could fix America and make the place great again (trust me, folks), was laying claim to martyrdom — and spinning another news cycle. “I am a victim,” he declared, “of one of the great political smear campaigns in the history of our country. They are coming after me to try and destroy what is considered by even them the greatest movement in the history of our country.” 
“I am a victim.” That pathetic line echoed in my head, which is why I’m writing this. In my long life, I had seen a large white man stand up in a public arena and proclaim those words — the shrill, self-pitying complaint of the remorseless perpetrator — only once before. That was in a courtroom in lower Manhattan in 1988. The man was Joel Steinberg , a New York lawyer who, over a 12-year period, had brainwashed and beaten into oblivion a woman named Hedda Nussbaum, once a successful young editor of children’s books. In the early years of their relationship, she had run away several times, seeking help, and every time a doctor or friend had called Steinberg to come and get her. At that point — time and again — Steinberg would administer “punishment,” breaking her bones and her spirit. She took on what police would later describe as “a zombie-like quality.” 
Some years earlier, a teenage girl had hired Steinberg to arrange an adoptive home for her baby. Instead he kept the child, Lisa, until one evening when she was six years old and “stared” at him in a way he didn’t like. He responded by striking her repeatedly in the head. After which he went out to dinner with his cocaine dealer, leaving the child unconscious on the floor. Nussbaum, by then so traumatized, so absent from anything like life, thought vaguely of calling a doctor, but she was not allowed to use the phone in Steinberg’s absence. Instead, she sat on the floor and watched over the girl as she lay dying. 
On trial for the child’s murder, Steinberg blamed everyone but himself. “I’m the victim here,” he whined in court. He swore that he had “never hit anyone,” not anyone , even though he was known to have assaulted a business associate and three other women before he settled into the single-minded, single-handed demolition of Hedda Nussbaum. 
Judge Harold Rothwax observed that Steinberg was “a man of extraordinary narcissism and self-involvement” who had “an extreme need to control everyone in his ambit” while he lived a “life of self-gratification.” Yet Steinberg could not see in himself the man Judge Rothwax described. He thought people should feel sorry for him. He had been disbarred and had lost a child (not to mention his Greenwich Village apartment). He railed at those who had conspired to bring him down: the police, the neighbors, the judge, the prosecutor, the expert medical witnesses, his defense attorney, the jurors, the press, and Hedda Nussbaum. “I’m the victim here,” he claimed. 
At the time, nearly 30 years ago, the public blamed Hedda Nussbaum. The district attorney, the police, the doctors and psychiatrists who treated her intensively for more than a year before the trial all agreed that, on the evening in question, she was too physically and mentally “incapacitated” either to cause the girl’s injuries or take action to save her. Nonetheless, she was tried and condemned by the press and public opinion, including women who called themselves “feminists.” In court, the jurors were merciless. When they began to deliberate, only four thought Steinberg guilty of murder as charged, five were “in the middle,” and three held out for lesser charges, feeling certain that Hedda Nussbaum had somehow been responsible for killing the child. 
They finally agreed upon a verdict of manslaughter. Even then, a woman juror assured the press that Nussbaum was “a very sick woman” who should have been charged and convicted of “some crime.” Another juror, also female, expressed popular opinion this way: “I just feel that she was to blame.” And a third woman juror, who claimed that “certain others” agreed with her, said, “Poor Joel. Joel’s a victim. We have to send a message to the system: ‘You don’t make victims out of nice men like Joel.’” 
Judge Rothwax sentenced Steinberg to eight and a half to 25 years. Released after 17 years, Steinberg, now in his seventies, still claims to have done nothing hurtful to anyone. He has not paid a civil court-ordered settlement of $15 million to the birth mother of the dead child, nor has he ever been charged with any crime for what he did to Hedda Nussbaum. 
Two lessons lurk in this story, one old and one very up to date. First, it’s a reminder of how much women at that time, even after a great wave of feminism, still blamed women (including themselves) for whatever happened to them at the hands of men; second, a man with a character like Steinberg’s is not the kind of guy you want to choose for high office — or any office at all. 
Joel Steinberg stalked a far tinier stage than Donald Trump and he did more deadly damage, but the two men seem to be brothers under the skin, sharing common character defects well described in psychiatric texts: extreme narcissism, a taste for sexual predation, and very similar views of the women on whom they prey. Like Steinberg, who was incapable of seeing himself as the judge accurately described him, Trump seems blind to the real nature of his own behavior. (His current wife describes him as a “boy.”) Neither man seems capable of taking responsibility for the harm he’s done, and when their own actions finally call down retribution, branding them as losers — ah, then come the conspiracy theories and the vindictive wail of the victim. 
Men Who Use Women 
Last June, I published a piece at TomDispatch venturing to explain why candidate Donald J. Trump was getting “rock-bottom ratings” in the polls from women voters. Nearly 70% of them reportedly couldn’t stand the guy. I pointed out what seemed to me to be the obvious: “Trump’s behavior perfectly fits the profile of an ordinary wife abuser.” 
In a sworn deposition introduced in divorce proceedings , his first wife Ivana swore under oath that he had torn out her hair and forcibly raped her, raging at her because he didn’t like the results of a “scalp-reducing” procedure (meant to remove a bald patch) performed on him by a plastic surgeon she had recommended. (Before she collected a $14 million divorce settlement, she toned her story down, saying the assault was not “criminal.”) 
About one in three American women are survivors of some version of such treatment, euphemistically called “ domestic abuse .” That’s roughly 65 million women voters who, as I wrote last June, “know a tyrant when they see one.” I raise this subject again because the now-infamous tape of Trump’s open-mic Hollywood Access bus ride in 2005 added a new page to the rap sheet of this particular abuser. 
In that piece of mine, I traced the history of the principal tactics of coercion used by controlling men like Trump. Some of those tactics, including Steinberg’s favorites, involve physical force, but most, when used by a skilled abuser, require no force at all. Trump applies the handiest tools to his targeted victims regularly, leaving no physical marks behind: threats, intimidation, degradation, put-downs, humiliation, insults, trivial demands, occasional indulgences (a flash of charm, for example, or a bit of feigned reasonableness). The lesson is simple and clear: the mind can be bent and the spirit shattered without battering the body. 
I neglected, however, to mention one of the most insidious tactics of such abusers, perhaps because it’s so obvious that it regularly hides in plain sight. In the military, it’s called “pulling rank.” High status is itself a powerful coercive force that can stifle resistance in a lower-status victim and so silence him or her. Status is Trump’s brandished weapon, his open carry. On this, he couldn’t have been clearer in boasting of his pussy-grabbing skills on that Hollywood Access tape : “When you’re a star they let you do it. You can do anything.” 
The most chilling moments on that tape, however, occur after Trump emerges from the bus in all his orange splendor, followed by his escort Billy Bush — now a former NBC “personality” — who could be heard on that tape laughing as Trump recounted his compulsive assaults. Bush then greeted his television colleague Arianne Zucker, who like so many women on American TV was less fully clothed than the men around her, and whom Trump had been ogling from the bus while sucking Tic Tacs to freshen his potty mouth for a possible kissing attack. Billy Bush “asked” Ms. Zucker, “How about a little hug for The Donald?” 
In that short bus trip across the parking lot, Bush had learned just what to do to get in good stead with his high-status guest, and so, without missing a beat, he threw his lower status co-worker to his peppermint-salivating pal. He then collected a hug from her, too, as Trump is heard exonerating himself with the bizarre remark, “Melania said this was okay.” 
It hardly seemed to matter what Arianne Zucker wanted or believed to be okay. Billy Bush’s question wasn’t actually a question, but a notice of what was expected. Clearly, she wanted to keep her job and, just as clearly, hugging predatory, high-status stars and coworkers had never been part of her job description, but was a little instant add-on of coercion from her colleague.Setting the star power aside, all of this amounts to commonplace harassment in what appears to be a hostile workplace , and it just happens to be against the law. 
One in three women between the ages of 18 and 24 say that they have been harassed at work . Yet 70% of all workers (woman and men) harassed on the job do not report the offense, often for fear of disbelief or reprisal. Think of all the women in television who were subjected to harassment and worse by Roger Ailes — the charges now reach back 50 years — fired at last by Fox News, only to become official media adviser to whom else but presidential candidate Donald Trump. 
Some in the media glossed over Trump’s bragging as just so much “ lewd conversation ” — or as Trump himself put it “ locker room talk ”— while his wife Melania dismissed it as “ boy talk .” In fact, Trump’s unwanted kissing and groping — his self-described M.O. substantiated by one victim after another — can be classified in his home state (under New York Penal Law, Article 130 , Section 130.52: forcible touching) as a Class A misdemeanor. That may not sound serious, but it’s punishable by a maximum fine of $1,000 (chump change for The Donald) and a more sobering potential year behind bars. 
It was that tape, all over the media on October 7th, that prompted Anderson Cooper during the second presidential debate to ask Trump three times if he had actually done the sort of things he described to Billy Bush, which Cooper correctly named “sexual assault.” Trump finally answered: “And I will tell you, no I have not” — and women who had lived for five, 10, 20, even 30 years with nagging memories of a Trump assault and humiliation had to restrain an immediate impulse to smash the TV set and instead called a news outlet or a lawyer. 
As of this writing, more than a dozen women have gone public with reports of Trump’s sexual attacks since the release of that Hollywood Access tape. They join a list of women and girls who had previously reported offenses ranging from outright sexual assault to crashing dressing rooms at beauty contests where nude and semi-nude women and girls were preparing to compete for the titles of Miss Universe or Miss Teen America. That brings the number of Trump’s accusers , as I write, to at least 24. Journalists and lawyers have generally managed to verify their accounts. 
Of course, Trump has repeatedly denied the women’s allegations, saying before, during, and ever since the third presidential debate that he had never seen those women before, had no idea who they were, found them insufficiently attractive to warrant his attention, and that their stories had, in any case, been debunked . None of his claims were true. (And, for good measure, he announced during his version of a Gettysburg Address that he would sue every one of them after the election was over.) 
In my June post, I wrote: 
“Trump’s behavior perfectly fits the profile of an ordinary wife abuser — but with one additional twist… Trump has not confined his controlling tactics to his own home(s). For seven years, he practiced such tactics openly for all the world to see on The Apprentice , his very own reality show, and now applies them on a national stage, commanding constant attention while alternately insulting, cajoling, demeaning, embracing, patronizing, and verbally beating up anyone… who stands in the way of his coronation.” 
In this fashion, he humiliated his male Republican primary opponents, demeaning them with nicknames — Little Marco, Lyin’ Ted, Low-Energy Jeb — and denigrated his only female primary opponent, Carly Fiorina, by unfavorably appraising her appearance. (“Look at that face! Would anyone vote for that?”) More recently, of course, he’s disparaged “Crooked Hillary” in a similar fashion . (“Such a nasty woman!”) 
Growing Up in America 
Hillary Clinton, as Trump himself has acknowledged, is a fighter who will not quit — unperturbed even by his stalking her on stage throughout the second presidential debate and body-shaming her afterwards. “She walked in front of me,” he said of a moment in that debate when she crossed the stage to speak to a questioner in the audience. “Believe me, I wasn’t impressed.” In the third debate, she called him out directly on his behavior. “Donald thinks belittling women makes him bigger,” she said. “He goes after their dignity, their self-worth, and I don’t think there is a woman anywhere who doesn’t know what that feels like.” 
Here was something new under the sun: a woman on a presidential debate stage calling out an insufferable man — a serial predator, at that — on behavior so common among men for so long that the vast majority of women in this country have experienced it and learned to call it “life.” 
Some women still see it that way. The New York Times , for instance, interviewed a 62-year-old woman voting for Trump who said that other women offended by his “banter” should “ grow up .” I like to think that hers is a good description of what’s happening nationally at the moment, though obviously not in the fashion that she imagined. After all, grown-up women led the way, among congressional representatives, in calling Trump out. Republican Congresswomen Barbara Comstock of Virginia and Martha Roby of Alabama both asked him to withdraw from the race. Kay Granger of Texas, Mia Love of Utah, and Ann Wagner of Missouri said they could not vote for him. Republican Senators Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, Susan Collins of Maine, Deb Fischer of Nebraska, and Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia withdrew their support. Susana Martinez, Republican governor of New Mexico, said she would not support Trump, while former Republican presidential candidate Fiorina said that Trump should step aside. Republican former Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice wrote on her Facebook page: “Enough! Donald Trump should not be President. He should withdraw.” 
Still, don’t expect a serial abuser to be a quitter either. Faced with accusations of abhorrent and criminal acts he can’t acknowledge, plus impending incomprehensible defeat at the polls, and the very real possibility of becoming one of those people he so despises — a loser — Trump casts about for others to blame. Given his character, it’s not surprising that he follows, as if by instinct, what we might call the Joel Steinberg path to self-exoneration — painting himself, and himself alone, as the ultimate innocent victim of abusive others in a world whose every aspect is “rigged” against him. 
In his own telling, he, not the women he’s demeaned or assaulted, is the abused one and he’s taking it for us, for America. It’s quite a self-portrait when you think about it and should make us appreciate all the more those women who stepped before the cameras, reported his sexual assaults, and left themselves open to further abuse from Trump and his supporters. They have done something rare and brave. It’s one thing for a woman to say publicly that she has been sexually assaulted or battered or raped. Feminist speak-outs taught us decades ago to support our sisters by sharing our experience in this way. But it’s another thing to name the perpetrator and call him to account. That’s what these women have done. And wonder of wonders, most women and a whole lot of men believe them , and more than 60%, in the tepid language of the pollsters, “have some concerns” about the issue. Count that as a positive change of recent years — a light in dismal times. 
On the dark side, you never know what a sore loser and his loyal, bullying, misogynist followers might do. Say, for example, followers of the type who show up outside Hillary rallies with banners reading “Trump that Bitch!” The moment the trial of Joel Steinberg ended, armed guards surrounded him and hustled him off to prison. Unfortunately, when this election is over, whether Trump wins or loses, he’s not likely to go away. 
Ann Jones, a TomDispatch regular , is the author of several books on violence against women, including the feminist classic Women Who Kill and Next Time, She’ll Be Dead: Battering and How to Stop It , which Gloria Steinem calls “the one book you should read” on the subject. It includes a chapter on the Steinberg case. She is also the author of the Dispatch Books original , They Were Soldiers: How the Wounded Return from America’s Wars — The Untold Story . (Reprinted from TomDispatch by permission of author or representative)",0
11390,Creativity: The Art of Doing and Not Doing,"0 We want to be creative so much, though it is only rarely given to us. 
Only when we are not under the pressure to perform and when we can freely let out the creative spark within us: it then goes on a rampage, the creative fire comes alive and prepares to explode and with feverish excitement, we begin to make our vision real. 
You may have a brilliant idea. You see the idea crystal clear, you know where you want to get, what you want to make real. You know, you feel what you have to do, how you need to do it in order to realize and manifest your plan. “Oh, this is a really great idea. If I implement this plan, then I will surely help others, and secure my living at the same time.”, the excitement bursts out from you. 
The only extremely unpleasant thing is, that these peaks of feverish creativeness occur rather rarely. As your enthusiasm decreases, moderates, countless concerns fill you: “Oh, I am sure I am not able to do this. I am not good enough or skillful enough for this. I am afraid that I will fail.” – this is what you think and your dreams, which seemed to be so refreshing, exciting and radiant, begin to fade. What you thought was great, very important, now it just does not seem like that anymore. In fact, doubt gradually conquers you: “I am sure I cannot accomplish this!”. 
In other cases, our plans may not necessarily be “world-changing”, just some smaller-scale idea, but this would be far enough for you to find happiness. Perhaps the planning of a flower bed, or organizing a trip would be just enough to get you all fired up and excited and make you want to completely engage in realizing it. But somehow, your excitement drops underway. You give up. 
Or maybe your boss forwards an email to you, which begins like this: “This is a creative task, suitable for you!”. You run your eyes through it and note it with disappointment: “This is a routine task, even a machine could do it.”. 
The disappointment following the unrealized dreams remains in you every time: “I am doing my job, running around, I can barely breath anymore. I wanted to make real so many things, but I had no time for them. I am getting old, all the gates close in front of me.”. 
Too many conflicting thoughts attack us and they viciously demand attention: “Can I do this?”, “What am I going to do with the emerging obstacles?”, “Others failed in this, why would I succeed?” 
There are those little selves in us, the egos, and they make us do strange things. They want to reach something very important, they project themselves into the future, celebrating the success of their not yet realized plans, they would like to be there in that moment as soon as they can, when everything functions perfectly – and while they daydream about the future or wallow in their doubts, they completely forget about the present moment. 
But the only thing they should do, if they want to live, is to take the chances the present moment gives. 
You can take those initial steps, which will slowly but surely take you to the realization of your dream, only here and now, never at any other time. Taking you closer and closer to the realized dream each day. The dreams and doubts take over the role of the leader, they fly you far into the future or the past, making you miss those opportunities that open up for you only right here, right now, in this moment. 
And this is really unpleasant. 
You lose the grip on reality and drown in your dreams or nightmares. 
The source of creativity is your inner quiet, intelligent consciousness that fully embraces and accepts the completeness of the present moment. 
Creativity, as a creating power, works like a rollercoaster: sometimes it acts in the heat of the feverish creative work, sometimes it turns silently inwards, drawing inspiration from the state of pure consciousness. 
Like Brahman of the Eastern legends, the only embodied spirit inside us: it dreams a world for itself sometimes, takes up the shapes of millions of forms, the shape of a rock, a grass blade, a tree, a kitten and your shape, it plays the roles of its life, then sheds this human skin and retires from the stage of life. When this happens, the world is destroyed and the sole consciousness turns back into its own emptiness, only to create other dreamworlds for the sake of its own amusement. 
Create, then rest. Rest, then create. Be awakened, conscious. Live in the now, in the present moment. 
Live and enjoy existence, throw yourself into every experience. Be open and enter the game of life. Do! 
When you feel like you need to do something, just do it. 
Do it consciously, with your full attention focused on how you are doing what you do. 
Do not seek the future, do not harvest the fruits of the work done, but be there, where you are physically and mentally, and most importantly consciously, and watch how you do what you have to do. 
If the idea that you want to realize is present in the space of your consciousness as a crystal clear picture, gently, vaguely affecting every thought and emotion, then you are able to see the dance of the forms clearly in the existence in the present moment, and also when they arrange into opportunities which are necessary to make your plans come to life. 
“Coincidences” happen, synchronicities. Something happens and you notice it with enthusiasm that this was just what you needed to proceed and go further, climbing more and more steps right until achieving your goal. Like the whole universe is helping you: the events occur when they should, new guides appear, the realization of your plan rapidly unfolds. 
You consciously do what you have to do. 
If you do not have to do anything or just feel like it, then retire for a while. Put down your to-do list and let yourself get into the quiet, peaceful, calm, relaxing contemplation, the sheer existence without deeds. Be! 
Those people who “slow down”, sometimes retire to passively recharge themselves, meditate – they do nothing – are still considered to be strange by the Western world. Many people feel that they can only have a good time if they suppress their troubles and concerns. But they ignore the fact that the person, who works day and night and gets lost in their thoughts, is exhausted, their performance is decreased, stressful and depressed. They are those who need it the most to take some time and rest in themselves. 
When the creative force lessens, its fire no longer burns with that lively flames, then it is advisable to switch into the “existence” mode. 
Completely pause all your activities. Let go the compulsive feeling to do something: “I have been so good at this, I must be good at it now!”. 
Give in to resting in your body. 
Stay in the inner silence and peace, contemplate calmly, let your eyes wander and discover things that are important for them. 
If you want to, then take a walk in a peaceful, quiet environment of nature. Walk slowly, gracefully, consciously. 
Feel how relaxed and easy your steps are, and notice the beauty of nature. 
Relax in the space of consciousness. This is how you can recharge your creative energy. And as the desire to do something comes alive again and you feel its irresistible, blazing fire, do not hesitate, throw yourself back into action. Consciously and with joy again. Be, do, be, do! 
Life suddenly makes you face a complex exercise, a challenge awaits you, to which you do not know the solution. You speculate, think, your head buzzes, you go through the script of every possible scenario, but none of them satisfies you. You think “These solutions are not good and I do not see if there is a solution at all.”. 
Your mind examined every previously satisfying template in its arsenal: “Last time I did this and it helped me”, but it did not find a solution pattern in your memories that would come useful in this new situation. And after trying all the old “solution templates”, it has no aces left, it has a tendency to turn anxious or downbeat. It finds no escape from the trap of the problem. It gives up. 
When this happens, the time has come: it is time to retreat into the realm of the quiet inner peace. 
We see the things and events in the state of pure consciousness as they really are, the cover of imaginations, glued to them by the mind, falls down. 
You are an alert observer. 
You sent your mind on a day-off, it does not have to mull on the problems it created. 
Things become clear in the state of pure consciousness. Nothing is dramatic anymore, things are just the way they really are. You discover the forms, events in the completeness of the moment, which could become tools that help you reach your goal. You notice how you have to alter the processes gently and smoothly, so that they help for you, but also for you fellows. 
Realizations are born in you. 
You wisely understand the completeness of the moment. 
You gain inspiration. 
And when you feel you need to do something, you do it. And as the present moment no longer needs your intervention, you return to the silent contemplation again. 
Do! Be! Do, then be again! Enter the creative-inspiring pulsing of life!",0
11391,"Within Hours Of Donald Trump Being President, These 12 Things Have Already Happened","Donald Trump won’t officially become president until January 2017, but within hours of his victory the world has already begun to change. 
Via Independent 

1) A top Israeli government minister declared the idea of Palestinian state “over”. 
Israel’s Education Minister Naftali Bennett, a key figure on the right wing of the Israeli governing coalition, said that Trump’s victory “is an opportunity for Israel to immediately retract the notion of a Palestinian state”. Citing Mr.Trump’s election manifesto, the minister added: “The era of a Palestinian state is over.”
2) American Muslim women who wear the hijab agonized over whether its still safe to wear one. “Seeing my mom cry because she’s even more scared of the racism she’ll face because of her hijab absolutely broke me…” “My mom literally just texted me “don’t wear the Hijab please” and she’s the most religious person in our family….” “My 8 year old sister just told me she’s scared to be Muslim. That broke my heart. I’m crying. Don’t tell me his words don’t matter.”
3) Demonstrators set fires and overturned cars in major cities across America. 
Protests across America after Trump victory
Thousands of people took to the streets across the US’s western seabord to protest against Mr Trump’s victory over Hillary Clinton. Cities in California, Oregon and Washington all witnessed angry demonstrations, with objects being set alight, windows smashed, and effigies burned. Protests are also planned outside US embassies across the world.
4) Global financial markets went haywire. 
Investors piled into safe assets like gold while currency markets and stock markets reacted with volatility to Mr Trump’s win.
The Mexican peso plumetted, with stock markets including the Japanese Nikkei and FTSE all down. Stock market futures plunged in US markets, a sign that investors believe long-term volatility is ahead.
5) Sarah Palin said Britain and America are “hooking up” in light of Brexit and Trump. Sarah Palin, the former Alaskan govenor tipped for a position in Mr Trump’s cabinet, told reporters that Britan and America were “hooking up” following the election. “Well, see, Great Britain and America, see how we’re hooking up now?” she said at a Trump rally as the results rolled in. “We’re going rogue and saying, you know, the people are going to take back control of our governance.”
6) Former KKK leader David Duke declared tonight “one of the most exciting nights of my life”. 
David Duke, who formerly led the KKK as its “Grand Wizard”, celebrated Mr Trumps election: “This is one of the most exciting nights of my life,” Mr Duke wrote. “Make no mistake about it, our people have played a huge role in electing Trump!”
7) Shares in renewable energy companies tanked… 
Shares of renewable energy companies that operate in the US tanked on the news that Mr.Trump would be the next president.
The Republican president has previously claimed climate changed is a hoax perpetuated by the Chinese to cripple American industry. Vestas, a major maker of US wind turbines that gets about 40 per cent of its business from America, saw a maximum fall of 14 per cent.
8) …while shares in arms companies surged to a record high 
9) Russia’s political establishment celebrated. Russian parliament bursts into applause upon announcement of US election result.
Jubilant parliamentarians burst into applause in Russia’s legislature at the next of Mr.Trump being elected. Clapping drowned out the announcement. Vladimir Putin, the country’s president, sent Mr.Trump a welcome telegraph, while his allies expressed satisfaction as the Republican candidate beating Hillary Clinton.
10) Canada’s immigration website crashed under the demand of American visitors. 
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau (Rex Features)
The official website for ‘Citizenship and Immigration Canada’ stopped working overnight, apparently because of the sheer number of Americans looking to emigrate north. Service was later restored, with the Canadian citizenship and immigration service tweeting dryly that in Canada “immigrants are encouraged to bring their cultural traditions with them and share them with their fellow citizens”.
11) Jihadi leaders welcomed the new US president. 
“Trump’s victory is a hard slap to those promoting the efficiency of democratic systems,” Hamza al-Karibi, a spokesperson for the al-Qaeda affiliated Syrian jihadist group Jabhat Fatah al-Sham wrote to his Twitter followers. “Starting today, we won’t need media releases clarifying the West’s machinations. All we need to do is retweet what Trump says,” he added.
Meanwhile, prominent Egyptian-born jihadi cleric Dr.Tariq Abdel Haleem said: “Trumps [sic] winning might be bad for us in the short run. However, it is better for Muslims in the long run as he’ll ruin the US.”
12) Mexico’s foreign minister made it clear they wouldn’t be paying for that wall. 
A mock-up of what such a wall might have to look like in scale (Agustin Avalos/Estudio 314)
Mr Trump’s signature policy of building a huge wall across America’s southern border with Mexico to stop immigrants seemed less likely than ever. “Paying for a wall is not part of our vision,” Claudia Ruiz Massieu, Mexico’s foreign minister, told a local television station on Wednesday in the aftermath of Mr Trump’s triumph.
Source: Independent 
",0
11392,Three Arrested for Starting Massive Fire on Atlanta Interstate Bridge,"Three people were arrested Friday in connection with a massive fire under a bridge on Interstate 85 in Atlanta that caused part of the bridge to collapse. [Deputy Insurance Commissioner Jay Florence said Basil Eleby, Sophia Bruner, and Barry Thomas were the three suspects arrested, the Daily Mail reported.  Eleby, whom Florence believes started the fire, faces a charge of criminal damage to property. Bruner and Thomas each face charges of criminal trespass. “We believe they were together when the fire was set and Eleby is the one who set the fire,” Florence told the Atlanta  . Florence did not release details of how or why the fire was started, saying that those details would be released as the investigation continues. He said the suspects may have used “available materials” at the site and added that all three suspects may have been homeless. Crews worked to restore the bridge Thursday after the blaze caused it to collapse during rush hour. Nobody was injured despite the large clouds of smoke and flames that filled the air. Officials say reconstruction of the damaged section of the bridge could take several months, causing the 225, 000 commuters who use that section of the highway daily a traffic nightmare.",0
11393,Oh My… WikiLeaks Email Between Stratfor Intel Advisors Suggest Clinton’s Had Vince Foster Killed,"Vince Foster is a name most of us probably haven’t heard in a long time. Foster was Bill Clinton’s Deputy White House Attorney, a man with intimate knowledge of the Clintons and their internal dealings while Clinton was in power during the 90’s.
The official story is that Foster killed himself with a single gunshot in the mouth in a Virginia park. The unofficial story is that a second bullet wound existed in Foster’s neck , a wound that would have been impossible in a suicide scenario.
In any event, the man often referred to as “the man who knew too much” met his end in a very tragic way. And according to a conversation between two Stratfor intel officers, the Clinton’s were involved in Foster’s death.
This via WikiLeaks .

Stratfor is a high end publisher of intelligence reports for a wide range of customers. From their about page :
As the world’s leading geopolitical intelligence platform, Stratfor brings valuable context to global events, empowering businesses, governments and individuals to more confidently navigate their way through an increasingly complex international environment. By leveraging a deep understanding of history, politics and geography in conjunction with our unique methodology, Stratfor delivers informed perspectives on today’s events and develops a more accurate view of the future.
Founded 20-years ago on the idea that transformative world events are not random, but indeed predictable, Stratfor has grown into one of the most respected providers of predictive, strategic intelligence. Analysts distill massive amounts of open-source information and examine it through the lens of geopolitics to develop comprehensive, independent, unbiased and nonpartisan analysis that cuts through the noise to offer actionable insights.
Globally engaged individuals, Fortune 500 companies, universities and organizations across an array of industries turn to Stratfor for objective geopolitical intelligence, analysis and forecasting that reveals the underlying significance and future implications of emerging world events.
Of course, the leaked email provides no evidence or data to back up the claim. But it does make clear that certain members of the intelligence community believe, without a doubt, the Clinton’s were involved in Foster’s death.
 
",0
11395,Comment on Censored News: Black woman kills 12 y.o. white boy with blow torch by TNB – PA,"Posted on August 16, 2013 by Dr. Eowyn | 143 Comments Jonathan Foster (l); Mona Nelson (r). Would the media report this if Foster wore a hoodie? 
We couldn’t escape the media’s 24-7 coverage of the death of 17-year-old 5′ 11″ black teen Trayvon Martin and the trial of his shooter, half-Hispanic George Zimmerman. But have you heard or seen news about a 44-year-old black woman named Mona Nelson who is on trial for the murder-by-blow-torch of a 12-year-old white Texas boy, Jonathan Foster? 
Even worse, Nelson committed the murder more than 2½ years ago, on Christmas Eve 2010 — but we’d heard/seen NOTHING about this. 
That’s because in Obama’s America, blacks now enjoy “black skin privilege” and Big Media simply turn a blind eye to black crimes, especially black-on-white crimes. 
As recounted by the UK’s Daily Mail , 12-year-old Foster was reported missing from his home on Christmas Eve 2010, after his mother, Angela Davis, said she had received a strange call at her workplace from a gruff-sounding woman. Davis initially told police her boy was with a babysitter. But she later admitted that he was home alone. 
The boy’s burned body was discovered on December 28 in a roadside ditch in Houston, Texas , not far from where he lived. 
Mona Nelson told local KTRK TV that a member of Jonathan’s family had given her $20 to dump a plastic container on Christmas Eve. She said she was drunk on vodka and didn’t know what was inside the container. 
But police revealed that Jonathan’s burned body had not been discovered in a plastic container, but in a ditch. Police also say Nelson’s truck was spotted on surveillance footage dumping something in the ditch where the boy’s body was found. In addition, investigators discovered evidence at Nelson’s apartment that allegedly links her to the crime, including burned carpet and twine similar to that used to bind Jonathan’s hands. 
While denying she had killed Jonathan, insisting “I’m not a monster. I have five grandkids and I love kids,” Nelson admitted having a cutting torch that she claims she used in her job as a welder. But police say she used the torch to burn the boy’s body. Jonathan’s home in Houston, Texas 
Cynthia Cisneros reports for KTRK on December 30, 2010, that police revealed more about Jonathan’s abduction and murder at a news conference. Police believe the boy was home alone on Christmas Eve and was killed and his body dumped on that very same day. 
Nelson admitted to dumping Jonathan’s badly burned body in northeast Houston off of East Hardy, but she denied killing the child. But surveillance cameras near where Jonathan’s body was found showed Nelson to have lied. 
HPD Captain David Gott said around 6pm Christmas Eve, surveillance video showed a silver truck pull up to a ditch outside of a building on East Hardy. A person, whom neighbors and family identified as Nelson, can be seen getting out of the truck, taking a body out of the bed of the truck and placing it in on the ground. Nelson also drives a similar truck. Mona Nelson’s apartment 
When authorities searched Nelson’s apartment in northwest Houston, they found “a wealth of evidence” that showed Jonathan’s body was burned at Nelson’s residence, as well as the tools (torches and welding tools) used to burn the boy. Authorities say Nelson is a maintenance worker who works with tools and torches. Authorities believe Jonathan was taken there, killed and burned beyond recognition the same day within hours. Twine used to tie Jonathan was also found inside Nelson’s home. Jonathan’s burnt body was identified by his dental records. 
A next door neighbor, Rita Jackson said Nelson was there while Jonathan’s family was looking for him on Christmas Eve: “Yeah, she was just sitting there, looking at what was going on.” Police also said they believe Nelson is a a predator who has done this before and that they don’t believe her brutality begins with Jonathan. 
The horrible details of Jonathan’s murder were too much for several detectives who struggled to keep from crying. 
“There are few cases that impact homicide detectives — this is one of them,” said HPD Homicide Detective Mike Miller , who’d interviewed Nelson and held back tears as he described her. “She is a cold, soulless murderer who showed an absolute lack of remorse in taking the life of Jonathan Foster. She decided when the time was right and she swooped down and took him when she saw the time was right, and she saw an opportune moment. I’ve worked in Homicide Division 14 years and this is the worst case I’ve been a part of — an innocent 12 year old who everybody says was happy, outgoing and well-liked by everyone in the neighborhood. It’s an absolute tragedy.” Mona Nelson (l); Jonathan Foster (r) 
KTRK reports that on August 12, 2013, the trial of Mona Nelson for the murder of Jonathan Foster finally began in a courtroom in Houston. Prosecutors are not seeking the death penalty. Nelson has asked for a judge instead of a jury to decide the verdict. 
According to Donald Joy of ClashDaily.com , “ Nancy Grace dropped the story as soon as she realized it was a black woman murdering a little white boy. The media have avoided the story like the plague, never once looking into whether it was a ‘hate crime.’ The original local news report has been removed. Suspect has sought and received legal counsel from local leadership of the New Black Panther Party. No story here, folks. Move along …” (See also “ Nancy Grace makes racist slur about Zimmerman “) 
H/t FOTM’s TPR and joworth",0
11396,ICE Deporting 199 Iraqis after Trump Inks Repatriation Deal,"Immigration officials are set to deport 199 Iraqi nationals after their home country agreed to accept deportees as part of President Donald Trump’s negotiations regarding the travel ban executive order. Prior to order, Iraq refused repatriation. [U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Enforcement Removal Operations (ERO) officers carried out targeted arrest operations over the past few weeks leading to the arrest of 199 Iraqi criminal aliens. Most of the 199 Iraqis, 114, were arrested in the Detroit area, ICE officials stated. The arrested Iraqis have criminal records in the U. S. for homicide, rape, aggravated assault, kidnapping, burglary, and a host of other crimes.  As part of the ongoing operations by ICE to deliver on President Trumps campaign promise to remove criminal aliens, ERO officers have been working diligently to increase their number of arrests. “According to federal data, there are at least 2 million criminal aliens now inside the country,”   candidate Trump said in an August speech in Phoenix. “We will begin moving them out day one, in joint operations with local, state and federal law enforcement. Beyond the 2 million, there are a vast number of additional criminal illegal immigrants who have fled or evaded justice. But their days on the run will soon be over. ” During the first 100 days of the Trump Administration, ICE arrests were up nearly 40 percent over the previous year, Breitbart Texas reported. “The operation in this region was specifically conducted to address the very real public safety threat represented by the criminal aliens arrested,” Detroit ERO Field Officer Director Rebecca Adducci said in a written statement. “The vast majority of those arrested in the Detroit metropolitan area have very serious felony convictions, multiple felony convictions in many cases. I applaud the efforts of the law enforcement personnel who, day in and day out, put their lives on the line to protect this community. ” ICE officials had previously been blocked from deporting Iraqi citizens because their home country refused to accept American deportees. However, during the negotiations to remove Iraq from President Trump’s travel ban, the country conceded. “(S) ince May 2017, the agency has arrested 199 Iraqi nationals nationwide, the overwhelming majority of whom had criminal convictions for crimes including homicide, rape, aggravated assault, kidnapping, burglary, drug trafficking, robbery, sex assault, weapons violations and other offenses,” ICE’s Michigan Information Officer Khaalid H. Walls wrote in a statement obtained by Breitbart Texas. “Two individuals did not have criminal convictions but have pending criminal charges for drug trafficking, receiving stolen property and multiple arrests for domestic violence. One individual is a   with a final order of removal. ” He directly attributed the arrests to the president’s negotiations with Iraq. As of   nearly 1, 500 Iraqi nationals have final orders of removal issued by an immigration judge that were previously unenforceable. Following the agreement, ERO officers began executing operations to reduce that number. Over the past several weeks, ICE officers arrested 85 Iraqi nationals in cities across the nation. Over this past weekend, ERO officers conducted targeted arrests in the Detroit area resulting in the 114 arrests. “Since the March 12, 2017 agreement with the Government of Iraq regarding removals, eight Iraqi nationals have been removed to Iraq,” Walls stated. Following the arrests of these violent criminal aliens, activists in the Detroit area are planning a lawsuit to block their deportations, Mlive reported. “We are filing our class action immigrant rights lawsuit to halt the death deportations of over a dozen Chaldean, Muslim and other immigrants who were picked up during the ICE raids over the weekend,” By Any Means Necessary (BAMN) national coordinator and lead attorney Shanta Driver said in a written statement. BAMN is a “  militant group” that played a leading role in the violent protests at U. C. Berkley earlier this year, Breitbart News wrote. Breitbart News also reported on the group’s violent tendencies in February, stating: BAMN sees no distinction between admitted white supremecists and people who support President Trump, and considers both valid targets for attacks. Last summer, members of the   group the Traditionalist Workers Party on a permitted march were physically attacked by a group of about 400 protesters organized by BAMN. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
11397,Economist Jack Rasmus: Eurozone Benefits The Strongest Economies At The Expense Of The Weakest,"Videos Economist Jack Rasmus: Eurozone Benefits The Strongest Economies At The Expense Of The Weakest ‘Greece has tied its tail to the eurozone, dominated by Germany, and it can never get out of this situation as long as Germany dominates the institutions, which it does, because the whole arrangement is great for Germany,’ the writer and economist tells MintPress News. | October 31, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Bystanders wait to be handed bags of oranges during a free distribution of fruit and vegetables as a protest by farmers and vendors over proposed pension reforms, in Athens on Wednesday, Jan. 27, 2016. Greece’s leftwing government is facing an escalating wave of protests over its proposed pension overhaul that has been demanded by bailout creditors. (AP Photo/Petros Giannakouris) 
ATHENS — This has been another eventful year in Greece. Almost one year after it turned its back on the July 2015 referendum result which rejected further austerity, the Syriza-led government has pushed forward a program of even harsher austerity, spending cuts, and privatizations . 
Following the British vote to proceed with “Brexit,” or a departure from the European Union, fears that Greece might follow suit led Greece’s lenders to demand even more austerity measures from a country already mired in an economic depression. 
In this interview, Dr. Jack Rasmus , a professor of economics and politics at St. Mary’s College of California, analyzes these issues and the many challenges facing the Greek and European economies today. 
The author of such books as “ Looting Greece ” and “ Systemic Fragility in the Global Economy ,” Dr. Rasmus shares his insights into the consequences of austerity for Greece and other peripheral European economies, and presents his proposed solutions for an end to the crisis and austerity. 
MintPress News (MPN): In September, Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras gave his annual “state of the nation” address, where he boasted that the Greek economy has turned the corner, that unemployment is going down, that salaries will be increased, and that the country is returning to growth. Is this what Greece’s economic indicators actually show? Protesters march to the Greek Parliament in Athens on Tuesday Nov. 6, 2012. Greece’s unions are holding their third general strike in six weeks to press dissenters in the country’s troubled coalition government not to back a major new austerity program that will doom Greeks to further hardship in a sixth year of recession. Two days of demonstrations are planned to start Tuesday, continuing until lawmakers vote late Wednesday on the bill to slash euro13.5 billion ($17.3 billion) from budget spending over two years. (AP Photo/Dimitri Messinis) 
Dr. Jack Rasmus (JR): No, not quite. Greece’s debt is still the same as it was in 2011, roughly 180 percent of GDP. Unemployment has come down by only 3 to 4 percent, so instead of 27 percent, it’s about 23 to 24 percent. That’s depression-level unemployment. All the other indicators in the economy are flat or declining, so I don’t see anywhere that Greece is really “recovering,” and neither, really, is the entire eurozone economy. It’s been bouncing along the bottom. 
As I said in my book “Systemic Fragility,” it’s a case of chronic stagnation. [The eurozone] might grow a little, 0.5 percent or 1 percent above GDP, mostly as a result of Germany’s growth, then it flattens out or goes below. Most of the periphery economies in Europe are stagnant or in a recession, as they have been for quite some time. 
As far as raising wages, Greece cannot raise, at least in the public sector, any wages without the approval of the troika [Greece’s three major lenders: the European Commission, European Central Bank, and the International Monetary Fund]. It’s a real stretch to say that Greece is recovering. It’s kind of moving sideways, in the condition of still chronic economic depression. 
MPN: One of the perceptions that has been prevalent in global public opinion with regard to the economic crisis in Greece is that the country has been “bailed out” with billions upon billions of euros in free money. Is this really the case, and where has the so-called “bailout” money to Greece actually gone? 
JR: Countries don’t get bailed out. Governments, banks, businesses, and sometimes, though not so frequently, households get bailed out. So the question is, who got bailed out here, in the debt restructuring deals of 2010, 2012, 2015, and this past spring? The banks got bailed out several times. Foreign investors and speculators in Greek bonds and other securities clearly got bailed out in 2012. If you look at where the money has gone, there’s $400 billion in debt in Greece still, that they have to pay off, with an economy that is less than half that size, so it’s impossible. 
Where has all this money gone? Recent studies by the European School of Management and Technology documenting the 2010 and 2012 bailouts indicate that 95 percent of all the loans to “bail out” the Greek government, which then bailed out the Greek banks — 95 percent of that went back to Northern Europe, mostly to the German and Northern European banks that had loaned so much money to Greece. [Bailout funds also went] to the troika, particularly the European Commission, that then distributed it to the banking system and investors in turn. The EC is the big player here, and to some extent the European Central Bank, and to a minor extent now the International Monetary Fund. So, 95 percent of all the money loaned to Greece went right back to [Europe] and less than 5 percent of that went back into the Greek economy. Greece has been subsidizing the financial system elsewhere in Europe. A supporter of the communist-affiliated union PAME takes part in an anti-austerity rally in front of the parliament in Athens, Monday, Oct. 17, 2016. 
MPN: What do you believe needs to be done about the Greek debt? 
JR: You might ask what needs to be done about debt throughout the eurozone, because it’s not just Greece. Greece is perhaps the most serious case, but other places in the periphery of Europe are still heavily indebted. You cannot sustain, with austerity measures designed to pay the interest and principal on debt, a $400-plus billion debt based on an economy that’s less than $200 billion. Even the IMF has come to that conclusion and is maneuvering with the other troika members on that particular point. 
Is [the debt] legitimate? Well, you have to understand the origins of this debt. It was originally private sector debt that was created as a result of the formation of the eurozone in 1999, the ECB as part of that creation, and other elements of the eurozone agreements, particularly the Lisbon Strategy that Germany adopted. Germany and other Northern European businesses and bankers pumped money and capital into the periphery, including Greece, from 2005 onward. Germany had a strong competitive advantage in exports, so a lot of the money and capital was pumped into the periphery, including Greece, in order to purchase German and other exports. So the money went in and circulated around, leaving a pile of private sector debt in Greece, Italy, and other places. 
Then we had the crash of 2008-2009 and the debt could not be repaid, and the troika stepped in to [offer] the governments of Greece and other countries money in order to continue to bail out the private sector and enable the repayment of the private debt. So it starts out as private debt, because of this great imbalance in exports within the eurozone, and then that gets converted to government debt, and then the big crash of 2008-2009 adds even more debt, and then you have the recession of 2011-2013 in the eurozone and the 2012 bailout, which piled on more debt in order to pay the old debt, and then in 2015 the same thing. So the troika’s piling more debt on Greece in order for Greece to pay the previous debt, and that’s totally unsustainable. They’re going to have to expunge some of that debt. 
Of course, the Germans, Wolfgang Schauble [the German finance minister] and the coalition in the north, does not want to allow that. And they don’t really want to change the eurozone, because the eurozone, while very imbalanced for the periphery, has benefited Germany significantly. [The Germans] dominate the finance ministers’ council in the EC and they dominate the ECB, and they’re just keeping the situation the way it is because it’s profitable for them. Demonstrators hold a poster against the austerity policy of Germany prior to a special session of the parliament Bundestag on negotiations with Greece for a new bailout in Berlin, Germany, Friday, July 17, 2015. (AP Photo/Markus Schreiber) 
MPN: Why must Greek banks be nationalized, in your view? 
JR: Look at the debt negotiations of 2010, 2012, and 2015. What happened was the ECB, which pretty much controls the Greek central bank — the ECB is just a council of central banks dominated by the Bundesbank [the German central bank] and its allies, so they have control — and what you saw in the negotiations is that in 2015, the ECB put the screws to the Greek economy, and Syriza collapsed and agreed each time the screws were tightened, bringing the economy to a halt. They couldn’t deal with the squeeze on the economy by the ECB. This brought the economy to a halt, squeezing it and of course not releasing loans that [the troika] had agreed to provide Greece under previous agreements. There was an economic squeeze that Syriza did not have a strategy to deal with, and eventually it capitulated. 
You’ve got to nationalize, make the Greek central bank and the banking systems independent of the ECB. Gain control over your economy once again, and that is one of several key steps to prevent the squeeze every time you attempt to renegotiate the debt or restructure the debt. Without an independent, Greek, people-controlled banking system, the eurozone and the troika will squeeze and bring Greece to its knees every time. We’ve seen that three times. You’ve got to nationalize the banking system, including the central bank, or if you want to just leave the central bank as part of the ECB structure, go ahead, but create an independent central bank authority elsewhere in the Greek government. 
In the U.S. during the Great Depression, the U.S. central bank had screwed up badly, and [President Franklin Delano] Roosevelt took over and had his Treasury Department take over and run the economy. Greece would have to set up a parallel central bank in its finance sector, and isolate and bypass the influence of the ECB through the Greek central bank. You would have to create a parallel currency as part of this and impose serious controls on bank withdrawals and capital flows outside the country, which Syriza did not really do, because the ECB and the troika opposed it. When you have all the capital, bank withdrawals and capital flight is another way of squeezing the country economically. FILE – In this Sunday, Oct. 18, 2015 file photo, a man walks past street art depicting Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras and German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Athens, Greece. Tsipras’ decision to sign off on a bailout led to many in his left-wing Syriza party to quit in protest. 
MPN: The current government in Greece has been continuing a policy of massive privatizations of Greek public assets, with profitable airports and harbors having been privatized in the past year, in addition to the recent selloff of the Greek national railroad for a total of €45 million ($49 million). What are the short- and long-term impacts of the privatization of such public assets? 
JR: The short-term is that when you privatize them, under the aegis of the troika, if you sell below market prices, which a lot of these assets are being sold at, that’s profit on the sale for the investors who are buying up these assets. But once the assets are in private hands, where does the revenue go? Does it go back into Greece or does it go back into the pockets of the investors and the corporations and the banks outside Greece that are buying it up? Well, it goes out. It’s a form of capital flight. Money that is needed in Greece flows out of Greece. 
This is a new form of financial imperialism, wealth extraction in other words, that is being structured and managed on a state-to-state basis. It’s not 19th century British imperialism where they set up a factory in India, paid them low wages, and brought the textiles back to London to re-sell at a higher price. It’s not that kind of production imperialism. This is financial imperialism imposed on Greece, and it’s a new form that’s emerging everywhere, where you indebt the country and then you force the country to engage in austerity in order to pay the principal and interest on the debt, and you extract the income from the country. Privatizations are another form of that. 
You privatize public goods, you get them at fire-sale prices, and then the income flows from those assets flow back to the coffers of the private companies or the banks, outside of Greece. 
The other consequence is when you privatize, they come in and they cut costs, which means they lay off people in mass numbers, they put a hold on wages, they get rid of benefits, and they do everything else to maximize their revenue. 
Finally, longer term, it means that Greece has less control over its own economy if it can’t control its infrastructure and everything is owned by foreigners. Then you can’t influence it as much, and if you’re part of the eurozone, you’re legally prohibited from what you can do to make sure that these foreign-owned infrastructure companies are behaving in terms of the benefit for the public sector, for the rest of Greece. 
MPN: You have argued in your book, “Systemic Fragility in the Global Economy,” that there are nine major trends which account for the economic troubles that are seen on a global scale. What are some of these trends? 
JR: Everywhere, and particularly since 2008, we see central banks and monetary policy to be ascendant, and that means creating money, pumping it into the economy to bail out the financial systems, the financial institutions, the banks and the shadow banks, meaning speculators, hedge funds, private equity firms, asset management companies, and so forth. We’ve seen bailouts of tens of trillions of dollars since 2008. All of that liquidity injection into the economy has driven interest rates down to zero or even, in Europe and Japan and elsewhere, negative rates, and that fuels debt. With rates that cheap, corporations and businesses float new corporate bonds, and they use the money not to invest necessarily, they use it to buy back the stock and drive up the stock prices and pay out dividends, or they sit on it, they hoard it, or they send it to emerging markets. That’s a problem everywhere, and that’s the result of massive liquidity injections, which have really been escalating since the 1980s, when controls on international capital flows were eliminated everywhere. 
After the 1970s, when the Bretton Woods system collapsed and central banks took over, the combination of those has led to the financialization of the global economy in the 21st century, where profits are far greater for investing and speculating in financial securities than they are in investing in real assets and real things that create real jobs and real income and real consumption. We’re becoming dependent on debt more and more. The economy is increasingly credit- and debt-driven, and that’s the result of this massive liquidity injection, and it also leads to a shift from real asset investment — investing in real things that create jobs that people need — toward financial asset investment. That means that real investment collapses over time and productivity collapses over time as well, and we see that happening everywhere. 
That’s a major point that I argued about in my book, “Systemic Fragility,” this financialization of the global economy based on liquidity and debt and squeezing out. It’s diverting money and capital from real investment into financial speculation. What’s going on in Greece is a concrete expression of this, the reliance on financial means and financial manipulation. The periphery in the eurozone is at a great disadvantage to Germany and others, and they’re being manipulated financially. All the payments on interest and the debt flow back to the north. This is all flowing through the EC to the private sector, and it’s a nice constant money capital flow from interest payments and privatization and speculation on government bonds and securities and stocks in these countries as the volatility occurs. 
It’s a reflection, in Greece, of what’s happening on a broader scale elsewhere in the global economy, and that’s why we haven’t seen much of a recovery in the global economy. Global trade is stagnant and real investment everywhere is drifting toward zero, productivity is negative almost everywhere, even in the U.S., and we’re seeing growth rates of barely 1 percent, 1.5 percent, at best, when it should be double that. We see these growing, non-performing bank loans, almost $2 trillion in Europe, the worst in Italy with about $400 billion. We see the same thing in Japan and in China. We’re becoming more systemically fragile financially because of this shift to financial speculation. In this July 5, 2012 file photo President of the European Central Bank Mario Draghi speaks during a news conference in Frankfurt, central Germany. (AP Photo/dapd, Mario Vedder, File) 

MintPress: What is your outlook for the eurozone economy and the difficulties that it is currently facing? 
JR: The European banking system has never fully recovered from the 2008-2009 crash. The ECB is pumping money into the banking system in various ways, long-term refinancing options and all the bailout funds and qualitative easing and negative interest rates and so forth. They’re desperately pumping money into the banking system, but the banks aren’t really lending, at least to those businesses that would reinvest in real assets to create jobs. It’s far more profitable to make money now. Investors make more money from financial speculation than they do from investing long-term and expecting to get a return over 10 to 20 years for investment in a real company that creates real things. 
We can see the strains now with the non-performing loans, in particular in Italy. Of course, we know the situation with the non-performing bank loans in Greece. Portugal is in bad shape as well in terms of non-performing loans, and now we see even institutions like [Germany’s] Deutsche Bank and others beginning to feel this strain, and the further impact on the European banking system of the “Brexit” [the departure of Great Britain from the European Union]. 
The problem is that the private banks are either hoarding the cash, they won’t invest in real growth, or they’re sending their money offshore to emerging markets, or they’re using it, as in the U.S., to buy back stock and pay out dividends and loaning money to companies to do just that. The global economy has changed dramatically in ways that make it much more fragile than ever before. A lot of debt has been building up everywhere: Over $50 trillion in additional debt has occurred since 2009, and when the next recession comes, how are they going to pay that debt? 
When times are stable or growing, you can add debt without a great crisis emerging, but when you have a recession or a downturn that’s significant, where are you going to get the money capital to pay the principal and interest on the debt? Then you start seeing defaults and you start seeing financial asset price collapses going on, and now you’re back in 2008-2009. That’s the picture of the global economy. A farmer tries to protect himself as he clashes with a riot policeman during an anti-government protest at central Syntagma square in Athens, Wednesday, Nov. 18, 2015. Greek farmers protesting over planned tax and pension reforms demanded by the country’s bailout creditors have clashed outside parliament with police, who used tear gas to disperse them. (AP Photo/Yorgos Karahalis) 
MPN: What would be the steps for Greece to follow, in your view, in order to escape the spiral of economic depression and austerity? 
JR: Syriza made it clear, when it came into power, that it was not in favor of “Grexit” [a Greek departure from the eurozone], and it has always maintained that position. An unprepared, “we’re leaving the eurozone and the euro” kind of decision would cause a collapse of values, particularly among those who have investments in some savings in Greece. To some extent, Syriza was caught between a rock and a hard place here. They couldn’t or didn’t want to advocate an exit, and at least those who had investments didn’t want it because of the potential effect on their investments. The broader Greek populace thinks, still, that to be European you have to be in the eurozone. That’s a big mistake. 
I think what Greece and Syriza should have done is to create a parallel currency and to take over its banking system. In other words, make the banking system truly independent, including the Greek central bank, and if that was not possible, bypass the Greek central bank and set up a central banking function in the finance ministry, as the U.S. has done at different times. Create a parallel currency, and policies and programs to get people to convert their euros into the parallel currency. Maybe declare that henceforth all taxes to the Greek government will be paid with the parallel currency, and that means that people would then trade in their euros for the parallel currency to pay their taxes. 
Then tell the troika [the EC, the ECB, and the IMF — collectively, Greece’s lenders] that we’re going to pay you in your euros, but if we run out of euros here as a result of the conversion, well, tough luck, we don’t have a way of paying you, let’s negotiate a final deal where you expunge some of it and we pay you off and we go our separate ways. Of course, you would have to create significant capital flow controls, which has always been a problem every time there’s been a crisis; the money flows out of Greece. Take the economy out of the control of the troika without a formal exit. 
That could have been done, but for some reason Syriza and its finance advisers either didn’t want to do that or didn’t know how to do that. 
MPN: Arguments that have been heard against a parallel currency include the claim that the existence of two currencies would create a situation where there would be “haves” and “have nots” — between those who would hold a stronger, hard currency, compared to those holding a weaker, devalued currency. How do you respond to this? 
JR: There are policies and approaches you can take that entice and require people to convert their euros into the new currency. That would raise the demand and therefore the value, the price of the new currency. If you just had the currency and you didn’t have this forced trade-in, then of course you would have “haves” and “have nots,” the new currency would collapse, and pretty soon no one would want to use it. But, for example, saying that taxes could only be paid with the new currency, would force people who had corporations and businesses and so forth to purchase the new currency with the euro. It would undermine the value of the euro in Greece and it would raise the value of the new currency in Greece as well. That might set off a parallel elsewhere in the eurozone with other countries thinking the same thing, which would undermine the value of the euro and put the squeeze on the troika for once. Greece never put the squeeze on the troika, it was just the opposite in all of these negotiations that occurred, they never really hurt the troika in negotiations, and that’s the only way you prevail in negotiations. You’ve got to make it unpleasant for the opposition. Syriza never did that, they played along and made concession after concession. 
Syriza thought that their example would strike a spark elsewhere in Europe of other social democratic forces and governments. They thought that they would get the rest of the social democracies behind them and together they would reform the eurozone. That was a fiction, a fantasy thought on the part of Alexis Tsipras and others, but that was the core of their whole strategy. European social democracy is a dying force, and that’s why you see the growth on the fringes, both to the right and the left. 
Tsipras and [former Greek finance minister] Yanis Varoufakis’ problem was that they thought they could get all these elements behind them and that together they would have enough weight to force Schauble and other finance ministers to make concessions. Well, Schauble and the other ministers, the “German faction,” as I call it, within the finance ministers’ council in the EC, remained dominant. At every step along the way, whenever Syriza and its few allies tried to make a compromise where some concessions were made to them, the German faction squelched it. We saw that, for example, at the very end, when [Greece held] the referendum in July 2015. Greece held the vote, and the vote said “go back and negotiate a better deal for us,” and what did Tsipras do? He totally caved in to the Schauble faction, and then the Schauble faction said, “The offer we made last week is now off the table, you’re going to have to accept an even worse one.” So they put the screws to Syriza, and Syriza looked to its allies in the EC, and they totally caved in as well. Things just got worse and worse until you had the final [austerity] agreement on August 20, 2015. 
It was a step-by-step retreat from [Syriza’s election in] January 2015, because Syriza had the wrong strategy and was not engaged in certain necessary tactics. Of course, the troika itself had a lot of cards to play. It would have been an uphill fight for Syriza. The time where they might have been able to strike some concessions from the troika was 2012, but New Democracy [the center-right party in power at the time in Greece] was totally in the pocket of the troika, so that was impossible. 
[This past spring], the IMF and the troika were worried about “Brexit” and what impact that might have on renewing “Grexit.” So they put the screws to Greece again, raised the debt even more, austerity even more, and I think another round of that is coming, because the IMF wants out of the troika deal. We’ll see what happens at the IMF meeting, but they haven’t endorsed even the 2015 agreement because they know it’s unsustainable. I think the IMF is maneuvering to have the EC to buy its portion of the debt, and once that happens, the EC will demand even more austerity from Greece. President of France Francois Hollande, U.S. President Barack Obama, Britain’s Prime Minister David Cameron and Germany’s Chancellor Angela Merkel attend the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) meeting at the G20 the G-20 leaders summit in Brisbane, Australia, Sunday, Nov. 16, 2014. 
MPN: In the event that a parallel currency is implemented and steps are taken to maintain or strengthen its value, could that be a prelude to a switch to a national, domestic currency? 
JR: Yes. At some point, one currency will become dominant. You can’t have two equal currencies like that. Another advantage of the new currency is that it will start out at less value than the euro, and that will be used as the trading currency. That will stimulate Greek exports to elsewhere, outside the eurozone. 
Part of the problem is that the periphery in Europe is so dependent on exports and imports to Germany and the north, that it can’t really engage in its own independent export strategy without cutting wages. Throughout Europe, you have what’s called “internal devaluation,” when you are stuck with a currency and someone else’s central bank, the ECB and the euro. You can’t really engage in independent monetary policy to stimulate your economy and you can’t engage in lowering your currency in order to gain some advantage in exports. You’re stuck, and only the most powerful country that’s most efficient and has the lowest costs is able to take advantage of global exports, and that’s Germany. The weaker economies of the periphery will always be at a disadvantage to Germany when it comes to trying to push their exports anywhere else outside the eurozone. 
That’s the lesson. The lesson is that you’ve got a 1999 agreement in which you have this quasi-central bank, the ECB, and you have [the euro], and that arrangement significantly benefits the most efficient, low-cost producer, which is Germany, at the expense of the periphery. Until you have a true central bank and fiscal union to some extent, that will pump the money into the periphery to help it grow when it doesn’t, you will always have the situation you have in Europe right now. 
Compare that to the U.S., where there’s a fiscal union, so that if certain states have economic problems … the federal government can pump money into those specific locations. If you don’t have a true federal government and fiscal union, you can’t do that, and if your central bank is dominated by the largest economy — Germany — even the monetary policy has no effect. And if it’s a single currency, it’s to the advantage of the stronger economy at the disadvantage of the weaker. 
The eurozone economy is structured to emphasize the growth of the strongest economies at the expense of the weaker, and that’s not going to change. It’s built into the eurozone. You cannot create a currency union and a customs union without a true banking union and fiscal union. More and more countries in the eurozone are beginning to come to that conclusion, but it was foreordained. Economists knew this from the beginning, and that’s the tragedy. Greece has tied its tail to the eurozone, dominated by Germany, and it can never get out of this situation as long as Germany dominates the institutions, which it does, because the whole arrangement is great for Germany. A protesters carries a protest sign during a rally prior to the opening of the new European Central Bank (ECB) headquarter in Frankfurt, Germany, Wednesday, March 18, 2015. At least four police cars were set alight and two officers injured Wednesday as authorities confronted violent anti-austerity protesters ahead of the inauguration ceremony for the European Central Bank’s new headquarters (AP Photo/dpa, Arne Dedert) 

MPN: Tell us about your most recent book, “Looting Greece.” 
JR: It’s really a case study of the consequences of financialization and globalization and integration. I argue that there is this phenomenon of the smaller economies being tied into the larger economies through free trade agreements, which lead to currency unions, which lead to banking unions, and then you’ve got a situation like Greece and the euro periphery and the problems associated with that. 
The book also takes a historical look at the origins of the Greek debt, that starts in 1999 with the [creation of the] eurozone, the adoption of the euro by Greece in 2002 and the consequences of that, how the debt developed, first in the private sector because of German export domination and then conversion of the private debt in 2008-2009 to the public debt, and then the collapse of 2008-2009, which added to the government debt. Then you had the 2012 agreement where the private sector was bailed out, and that added more debt, and then 2015 and so forth. All this is described in detail in the early chapters, and then most of the book is a step-by-step look at the negotiations between Syriza and the troika, from [Syriza’s January 2015 election] through the spring of 2016, and what were the strategic and tactical errors of Syriza and the strategic and tactical moves by the troika which enabled it to prevail. 
At the end, [the book discusses] how this is a form of a new emerging financial and wealth extraction from smaller economies by the larger economies, because of the globalization and integration arrangement that exists, the emergence of financial extraction and financial exploitation, and how central banks are feeding that all. This will lead to my next book, which is about global central banks and the problems they’ve created as we move to another crisis, which I think is coming in the next five years. Demonstrators dressed as clowns pass by a burning police car Wednesday, March 18, 2015 in Frankfurt, Germany. Blockupy activists try to blockade the new headquarters of the ECB to protest against government austerity and capitalism. (AP Photo/Michael Probst) Be Sociable, Share!",0
11398,"Schumer: If Trump Changes, We Could Work Together - Breitbart","On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) said if President Donald Trump were to change, Democrats could work with him.  Schumer said, “The bottom line is very simple: the president, if he works with us, particularly on issues like trade and infrastructure, we can work. But on the issues so far, taxes and healthcare, he doesn’t consult us at all. ” He added, “He’s not governing from the middle, he’s governing from the hard right. That’s why his regime has had hardly any major successes, with the exception of Gorsuch. If he changes, we can work together. But he can’t just dictate what he wants. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
11399,Una soprano se come un plato de albóndigas en plena representación de “La Bohème”,"Una soprano se come un plato de albóndigas en plena representación de “La Bohème” ENCARNABA EL PAPEL DE UNA COSTURERA CONSUMIDA POR LA TUBERCULOSIS soprano 
El pasado fin de semana, los aficionados a la ópera congregados en La Scala de Milán se quedaron boquiabiertos cuando la protagonista de la obra no sólo sacó una fiambrera repleta de albóndigas sino que, además, procedió a comérselas al tiempo que cantaba con la boca llena la conocida aria “Mi chiamano Mimì”. Era el final del primer acto, un momento en el que los dos protagonistas de la pieza de Puccini, Mimí y Rodolfo, se declaran su amor. 
El público milanés contemplaba estupefacto una situación que claramente se salía del libreto: en “La Bohème” se retrata las estrecheces de los artistas en el París de finales del siglo XIX, jóvenes que pasan hambre y frío, por lo que muchos aficionados creyeron que la aparición de las albóndigas respondía a una provocación del director de escena. La explicación era mucho más sencilla pero no llegó hasta la rueda de prensa posterior a la representación. 
Diana Damrau (Guzburgo, 1971) es una soprano de coloratura alemana especializada Mozart, Mahler y Strauss. Era la primera ocasión en la que cantante se enfrentaba a la partitura de Puccini y, para poder interpretar el papel de Mimí, una costurera consumida por la tuberculosis, estuvo seis meses sometida a una dieta estricta. Dieta que rompió el sábado en pleno escenario: “Ha sido un infierno cantar en italiano”, ha dicho Damrau en la posterior rueda de prensa. “En italiano todo suena a comida. Hasta el propio nombre de Puccini suena a tipo de pasta: ‘Puccinis a la carbonara’”, ha manifestado la soprano entre lágrimas mientras daba mordiscos a una pizza “alla napoletana”. “Antes de desmayarme en escena, he preferido sacar las albóndigas”, ha concluido conteniendo un eructo. 
Han llovido muchas críticas sobre Damrau, que ha corrido a refugiarse en casa de su madre, la autora de las albóndigas. Sin embargo, ha salido en su defensa el director musical de La Scala, Riccardo Chailly, argumentando que el público de hoy en día ya no está acostumbrado a este tipo de actos por parte de tenores y sopranos, pero ha recordado que antes era lo habitual: “El gran tenor wagneriano Wolfgang Windgassen se comió un buey entero mientras interpretaba el papel de Parsifal en la mítica representación de 1954 en el Festival de Bayreuth”. 
En estos momentos, la soprano valora dejar la ópera “a no ser que algún compositor escriba una obra llamada ‘Ratatouille’ o ‘Il Masterchef’ y que tenga un papel a mi medida”.",0
11400,Funeral Held for Murdered Brooklyn Pizzeria Owner as Police Seek Suspect - The New York Times,"As mourners gathered on Tuesday for the funeral of the owner of a popular Brooklyn pizzeria, shot to death in front of his home last week, the authorities released a video of a man being sought in connection with the killing. The owner, Louis Barbati, 61, had been an institution at LB Spumoni Gardens, the restaurant started by his grandfather, an Italian immigrant who started out peddling ices from a   wagon, which is depicted in the company logo. On June 30, Mr. Barbati was shot five times outside his home in the Dyker Heights neighborhood, leaving behind a wife, two sons and the restaurant  —   a fixture on the Brooklyn street corner where it has sat since 1939, topped with fluttering Italian and American flags. St. Ephrem’s Church in Dyker Heights was thick with incense, grief and the unanswered question on every mourner’s face: Why was Mr. Barbati killed? He was best known for doling out spumoni, layered Italian ice cream in pistachio, vanilla and chocolate flavors that gave his family’s restaurant its name. “He was the best boss,” Efraim Meza, 46, a pizza maker who said he had worked for Mr. Barbati for the past 25 years, recalled outside the church. The restaurant was closed on Tuesday for the funeral, which Mr. Meza had attended with a group of six Spumoni staff members. On the restaurant floor, he said, workers were known by the nicknames bestowed by Mr. Barbati, whom Mr. Meza remembered for his playfulness. Mr. Meza’s nickname was Fraggle. Mr. Meza said the restaurant was “like an empty space” without the presence of Mr. Barbati  —   whose catch phrase, “Atta boy,” would fill the cafe. “He would always take care of you,” Mr. Meza added. The New York Police Department on Tuesday issued a video showing a person of interest in the case, with the hope it will generate tips and information from the public. “We’re treating it as a botched robbery,” said J. Peter Donald, a police spokesman. “There’s some other potential motives, but this is the leading theory. ” Mr. Barbati was shot as he returned for dinner with his family, carrying a loaf of Italian bread and more than $10, 000  —   which was not taken. Officials have said that Mr. Barbati carried that much cash home only five or so times a year, without saying why. Detectives are investigating whether his killer knew he was traveling with so much money when he left Spumoni Gardens. Mr. Barbati was wearing jewelry at the time, but that was also left behind, officials have said. In the footage, a man wearing sunglasses, a dark sweatshirt and shorts walks on a sidewalk. The police said investigators wanted to question the man. The assailant has been described similarly to the man in the video clip. Police officials believe he had been waiting for Mr. Barbati as he returned from work. The gunman fled by car as Mr. Barbati called for help before collapsing in his yard. “We don’t know who it is, but we are looking for the public’s help in identifying the shooter,” Mr. Donald said. At Spumoni Gardens, signs in the window memorialized Mr. Barbati, a throwback to an earlier era of Italian Brooklyn, who once had skirmished over the secret recipe for his pizza sauce and who was known as Lu Lu. Arriving at the locked doors, Deanne Smith, a parole supervisor visiting from New Braunfels, Tex. was trying to make sense of the news. She had brought a group of visitors to try the sauce. “It tastes just like my grandmother’s,” Ms. Smith said. “It’s the only place in all of America that does. This is shocking. ” Shortly before she arrived, a hearse bearing Mr. Barbati’s body was driven past the restaurant, according to people who had gathered to pay their respects in its courtyard on Tuesday. One onlooker put his hand on his heart.",0
11401,Ask Holly: Why am I such a miserable git?,"Ask Holly: Why am I such a miserable git? 03-11-16 Why am I such a miserable git? Jose Manchester Dear Jose, Happiness comes from sweets and things made of plastic and sparkly items you see in the adverts on Channel 5. All you need to do is get a job which pays you about £21.99 a week. If you are too young to work, ask your mum and dad every half an hour for several days to give you the money and then you can get some wine gums, a Sherbet Dip Dab, some Shopkins and a Barbie and you will be happy for at least five minutes. Hope that helps,",0
11402,White House Tech Summit Includes Discussion of H1-B Visas - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump and his team of White House officials will discuss the issue of   visas during the tech summit Monday  —   an issue of high importance for CEOs in the tech industry. [“The president is going into this meeting to listen,” White House press secretary Sean Spicer responded, when asked by Breitbart News if the president was open to the idea of expanding   visas.  According to a White House official,   visas would be one of many topics discussed with White House staff and the CEOs during the meeting. Spicer pointed to Trump’s promised reform of the entire visa program when asked about whether or not he supported the   visa program  —   one that allows some foreign investors in American businesses to legally stay in the United States. At a Republican primary debate at Miami University during the campaign, Trump said that he favored ending the program. “I know the   very well. We shouldn’t have it, it’s very, very bad for workers,” he said, calling it “unfair to our workers. ” The   tech meeting began this afternoon with remarks from White House senior advisor Jared Kushner, who focused on the changes that technology companies could bring to the United States government. “Together we will unleash the creativity of the private sector to provide citizen services in a way that has never happened before,” Kushner said. Trump is expected to make remarks later this afternoon.",0
11403,"Alone in the Wild for a Year, TV Contestants Learn Their Show Was Canceled - The New York Times","The remaining contestants on a reality television series have emerged after surviving 12 months in the Scottish wilderness  —   fending off hunger, infighting and fatigue  —   only to learn that the show stopped broadcasting after four episodes, the last of them in August. The show, “Eden,” was billed as a unique social experiment in which 23 men and women living in isolation “would take on the challenge of building a new life and creating a society from scratch,” according to a statement promoting the show. The contestants were taken to a   estate on the remote Ardnamurchan peninsula on the west coast of Scotland, which is known for its forests, lochs and beaches. But “Eden” proved to be anything but paradise. Over time, all but 10 contestants quit the show, The Press and Journal of Aberdeen, Scotland, reported. Those who left cited concerns about health and safety, boredom and swarms of tiny biting insects called midges. The contestants were on an uninhabited private estate that the Ministry of Defense used as a training ground during World War II, The Radio Times of London reported. A   fence was erected on three sides of the estate, with the fourth side bordered by the sea, it said. The series was filmed with a crew of four embedded with the contestants, who also had personal cameras. A rig of 45 cameras, described by The Radio Times as a network of   television cameras that could be controlled remotely, was also used. Unlike American reality television shows, such as the “Survivor” series  —   in which contestants compete against one another  —   “Eden” had no winners or losers. It was intended to feature the making of a society from scratch. The show followed the contestants, which included a doctor, a chef, a carpenter and a shepherd, as they debated their own rules and laws and decided on their living arrangements. “The series aims to challenge everything about modern living, raising questions about what we need to be happy, what we want from our communities and how we are influenced by society as a whole,” the television station behind the series, Channel 4, said in a statement. Goats, sheep, pigs and chickens and equipment for fishing and hunting were supplied. Materials for building, cooking and safety and hygiene were also provided. But for some, the primitive accommodations proved too much, and they took to getting food and liquor from the pockets of civilization that dot the region, according to news accounts. Four episodes of the show were aired and viewership dropped to 800, 000 from 1. 7 million. The first episode aired on July 18 and the last on Aug. 8. Channel 4 said the show would return later this year, The Guardian reported. “The appeal of Eden is that it was a real experiment, and when filming began we had no idea what the results would be and how those taking part would react to being isolated for months in a remote part of the British Isles,” the station said.",0
11404,Sotheby’s Tries to Block Suit Over a Leonardo Sold and Resold at a Big Markup - The New York Times,"The joy must have been palpable in 2013 when three New York art traders arranged through Sotheby’s to sell a newly discovered painting by Leonardo da Vinci, the Renaissance master, for $80 million. One of them had purchased it at an estate sale for less than $10, 000 eight years earlier, when most experts viewed it as only the work of Leonardo’s school. But the traders’ joy later soured, according to court papers, when they learned that the man who bought it, an important Swiss art dealer, had turned around and sold the painting within days to a Russian billionaire for $47. 5 million more. The traders asked Sotheby’s, according to court papers, whether it had been aware that there was a much higher price to be had for the painting. Hadn’t Sotheby’s taken the painting, presale, to an apartment where the Russian billionaire had viewed it? Were the traders misled to favor the Swiss dealer, a valued Sotheby’s client named Yves Bouvier? Disturbed by those questions, the traders have told Sotheby’s they plan to sue, claiming fraud, to recover the millions they say they missed out on, according to the court papers. The papers were filed in federal court in Manhattan last week by Sotheby’s in a   move to block such a suit. Sotheby’s says in the filing that it never knew Mr. Bouvier had the Russian billionaire waiting in the wings to pay much more for the work, a depiction of Christ known as “Salvator Mundi. ” The price it helped achieve, Sotheby’s said, was “likely a world record price for an old master painting” at the time. The traders, Sotheby’s lawyer wrote, “apparently experiencing seller’s remorse, are trying to gain the benefit of a subsequent sale price that Sotheby’s had nothing to do with. ” The dispute, with its skyrocketing prices and accusations of intrigue, offers a compelling view of the messy side of the international art market. But it is only part of a much larger, and far messier, battle between Mr. Bouvier and the Russian billionaire, Dmitry Rybolovlev, a battle in which Sotheby’s is now entangled. Mr. Rybolovlev, among the world’s most prolific art collectors, has accused Mr. Bouvier of defrauding him in the purchase of 38 paintings for which companies controlled by Mr. Rybolovlev’s family trust paid nearly $2 billion. The Russian has said he thought Mr. Bouvier was acting as his agent, on commission, in such sales, but instead he said he later found that Mr. Bouvier had skimmed as much as $1 billion in profits by quietly buying the paintings himself first, then reselling them to his Russian client at escalated prices, according to court papers filed by lawyers for Mr. Rybolovlev. Mr. Rybolovlev leveled criminal charges against Mr. Bouvier in Monaco, where he was arrested last year, and has also pursued him in courtrooms in Singapore and France. Twelve of the 38 paintings were originally bought by Mr. Bouvier in sales arranged by Sotheby’s, only to be flipped to Mr. Rybolovlev. Sotheby’s says it has done nothing wrong, that it was completely in the dark about Mr. Bouvier’s intentions. In a statement, Sotheby’s said that it had hired an outside law firm to investigate its behavior and that it found no wrongdoing. Questions have been raised about another of the 12 sales to Mr. Bouvier, who has denied all accusations. In that 2012 sale, the heirs of Jenny Steiner, a Jewish woman from Vienna whose painting, “Water Serpents II” by Gustav Klimt, was looted by the Nazis during World War II, and the widow of a former Nazi official who ended up with the Klimt, sold it to Mr. Bouvier for $112 million, according to court papers. Later that year, Mr. Bouvier resold it to Mr. Rybolovlev for $183. 8 million, according to court papers filed this year by Mr. Rybolovlev, also in federal court in Manhattan. The estate of one of the Steiner heirs said in a statement that the transaction “deserves very close scrutiny considering the seriousness of the allegations and the suspiciously opaque business style of the agents involved,” but declined further comment. Sotheby’s declined to comment on any questions raised about the Klimt sale. Mr. Rybolovlev has also questioned Sotheby’s role in the sales to Mr. Bouvier. In particular, his advisers have expressed concern about a set of valuations that Sotheby’s prepared for Mr. Bouvier that, the advisers said in court papers, appeared to buttress the much higher prices he had charged Mr. Rybolovlev. One of the valuations, for example, was prepared for Mr. Bouvier last year after Mr. Rybolovlev learned he had paid $47. 5 million more for his Leonardo than the prior purchaser. At that point, Sotheby’s, which 20 months before had brokered the sale of the painting for $80 million, provided Mr. Bouvier with an insurance appraisal that valued the painting at about $113 million, closer to the $127. 5 million that Mr. Rybolovlev had paid. In the court papers filed this year in federal court in Manhattan, a lawyer for Mr. Rybolovlev took issue with the Sotheby’s valuation. “In its valuation,” the lawyer, Daniel J. Kornstein, wrote, “Sotheby’s did not discuss Bouvier’s purchase of the painting for $75 to $80 million in May 2013 in a transaction it had brokered. ” Mr. Kornstein also questioned why the Sotheby’s valuation was so much higher than the price Mr. Bouvier had paid. Mr. Kornstein has asked a judge to order Sotheby’s and the Leonardo sellers to produce a series of documents that outline the sale of the “Salvator Mundi” and other artworks, and interactions with Mr. Bouvier. In a statement last week, a spokesman for Mr. Rybolovlev, Sergey Chernitsyn, said, “Unfortunately, tracing back Mr. Bouvier’s steps has thrown up some questions about the private sale process conducted by Sotheby’s, and the subsequent role that the organization may have played. ” The spokesman declined further comment. Sotheby’s has said it stands behind the integrity of how it appraised the works. In the court papers filed last week to block a lawsuit over the Leonardo, it explained the discrepancy in values as being a distinction between fair market values and retail replacement values for insurance purposes, which are typically higher. Its appraisals were for insurance purposes, in which the values are often greater because they reflect the cost of having to go out and swiftly replace an item, compared with buying it under lesser time constraints. Appraisal experts said that insurance valuations don’t require discussion of a prior sale, though they said best practices certainly encourage it, especially when such large dollar amounts are involved. Some experts said that a big increase in the valuation in just two years or so might be justified by the volatility of prices in today’s art market. But others questioned whether a gap of more than $30 million was realistic, partly because private sales for trophy artworks are already, in effect, insurance level valuations because of their rarity. Mr. Bouvier, who is free on a   euro bond in the Monaco case, says he had a right to charge whatever price a buyer would pay. He also operates art storage warehouses around the globe, including a major one at the   haven in Switzerland known as the Geneva Freeport. A spokesman for Mr. Bouvier, who is one of the auction house’s better clients, said that Sotheby’s knew nothing about his relationship with Mr. Rybolovlev, and that he never misled Sotheby’s. “Mr. Bouvier had no obligation to disclose to Sotheby’s that he intended to sell the Leonardo once he purchased it, and no obligation to provide further details about the painting once it had been sold by Sotheby’s,” said the spokesman, Jeremy Fielding, in a statement. It is unclear how much Sotheby’s earned on commissions from brokering the 12 sales of art to Mr. Bouvier because it does not disclose such information about private sales. But it revealed in the court filings that it had earned $3 million for arranging the sale of the Leonardo. Much of the speculation about Sotheby’s role in the sale of the Leonardo revolves around what its representative knew, or didn’t know, in 2013 when he took the “Salvator Mundi” to a Central Park apartment, where Mr. Bouvier and Mr. Rybolovlev inspected it. The meeting occurred six weeks before the sale to Mr. Bouvier and the flip to Mr. Rybolovlev. The meeting took place in a grand apartment, one of the most expensive in Manhattan, that is owned by a Rybolovlev family trust. In its court papers, Sotheby’s argues that its representative, Samuel Valette, its vice chairman for private sales worldwide, did not realize it was Mr. Rybolovlev’s family apartment or that he was inspecting the painting as a potential buyer. The meeting had been requested by Mr. Bouvier, the auction house said, and though Mr. Valette said that he recognized a third man in the room as having been associated with a previous sale to Mr. Bouvier, he said that he had not known his name. “It was not, however, until much later that Valette and Sotheby’s learned that this third man was Rybolovlev,” the papers state. A month and a half after the meeting, Mr. Bouvier bought the “Mundi” for $80 million, putting down $68 million in cash, and a Picasso valued at $12 million. Shortly afterward, Mr. Bouvier sold the “Mundi” to Mr. Rybolovlev for $127. 5 million, according to court papers. Sotheby’s declined to say whether, as part of the security arrangements associated with transporting such a valuable work, it would typically identify who owned the apartment to which it was bringing a painting. In response to a series of additional questions, Sotheby’s referred to the lawsuit it had filed last week, in which it depicted Mr. Bouvier as someone who had misinformed them. “Bouvier,” it says in the filing, “not only never disclosed to Sotheby’s his resale to Rybolovlev at a huge markup from what he had paid the defendants, but he also misled Sotheby’s into believing that he in fact remained the owner of the ‘Salvator Mundi’ long after he acquired the piece in May 2013. ” A lawyer for the original sellers of the Leonardo, though, said they remain unpersuaded. “The picture painted by Sotheby’s in its complaint is incomplete, and brushes aside many of the events surrounding the sale of the da Vinci,” said the lawyer, Thomas C. Danziger. “We look forward to presenting our case in court. ”",0
11405,Five Killed in Texas Panhandle Fires – Two More in Other States,"Wildfires raging in the Texas Panhandle, Oklahoma, and Kansas claimed the lives of at least seven people and numerous cattle. [Fires in the Texas Panhandle region killed at least five people. The fires caused several firefighters to be injured as well, CNN reported. Firefighters continue to work on containing three large fires in the Panhandle region, Texas AM Forrest Service reports.  The   fire near Dumas, Texas, is reported to be 100 percent contained as of about 8 a. m. Wednesday morning. The largest fire, located near Ochiltree, Hemphill, and Lipscomb Counties, is 60 percent contained. The fire consumed at least two homes but skirted by the southern end of the City of Higgins. The “Perryton Fire” covers 315, 135 acres, nearly half the size of the state of Rhode Island. #PerrytonFire #RogerMillsCountyTaskForce pic. twitter.   —   Jaryn Green (@JarynThomasG) March 8, 2017,  #PerrytonFire #RogerMillsCountyTaskForce #BackBurn pic. twitter.   —   Jaryn Green (@JarynThomasG) March 8, 2017,  A third fire, located in Gray County is about 95 percent contained as of the 1 p. m. report. The fire covers 135, 000 acres. Five Texans lost their lives in the fires. The deaths include three ranchers who died attempting to rescue their cattle. The victims are Cody Crockett, 20, Sydney Wallace, 22, and Sloan Everett, Gray County Judge Richard Peet told CNN. Wallace died from smoke inhalation while the fire severely burned Crockett and Everett, the judge said.  The fires left at least five firefighters injured near Amarillo. Governor Greg Abbott activated state resources to assist in fighting the fires on Monday. “I urge local residents to heed all warnings from local emergency management officials,” the governor Tweeted. “Stay safe and alert. ” In Kansas, Governor Sam Brownback told CNN one man died from smoke inhalation in Clark County. He had exited the   he was driving and became overwhelmed by the smoke. The fires in Kansas destroyed at least thirty homes, officials stated. It consumed more than 350, 000 acres and is now about 50 percent contained. Thousands of people in Kansas evacuated their homes in advance of potential fire danger. A    woman in Oklahoma also died from circumstances surrounding a   fire in that state. The woman suffered a heart attack while helping her husband fight a fire in Harper County. Winds that have been fanning the Texas Panhandle fires are expected to die down later on Wednesday. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.",0
11406,TRAITOR! WIKILEAKS Dump Just EXPOSED PAUL RYAN As ONE OF THEM! -,"STORE TRAITOR! WIKILEAKS Dump Just EXPOSED PAUL RYAN As ONE OF THEM! VIA | It’s another day and there’s a fresh batch of emails from Wikileaks, and this time around we found a connection to House Speaker Paul Ryan. Throughout the election, Ryan has been notably against Donald Trump, and recently he declared he would no longer be campaigning with or defending the Republican nominee. Ryan claims the reason is that Trump is so outrageous he can’t in good conscious support the billionaire, but a new email from Wikileaks may lend some insight into Ryan’s true reason for being against the people’s candidate – he’s an establishment hack in bed with Washington elites. In fact, his brother-in-law’s wife is a district court judge that Hillary Clinton is floating as a possible Supreme Court nomination, should she be elected in November. Check it out: 
— Sean (@Patriot_Beaver) October 26, 2016 
“Ketanji Brown Jackson is a judge on the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. She was confirmed by without any Republican opposition in the Senate not once, but *twice*. She was confirmed to her current position in 2013 by unanimous consent – that is, without any stated opposition. She was also previously confirmed unanimously to a seat on the U.S. Sentencing Commission (where she became vice chair). 
… 
Her family is impressive. She is married to a surgeon and has two young daughters. Her father is a retired lawyer and her mother a retired school principal. Her brother was a police officer (in the unit that was the basis for the television show *The Wire*) and is now a law student, and she is related by marriage to Congressman (and Speaker of the House) Paul Ryan.” 
Lovely, isn’t it? While we can’t know for certain if this is a motivating factor in Ryan being so against Trump, the “appearance of impropriety” is undoubtedly there, and as we all know, appearances are quite important. 
If you enjoyed this story, be sure to follow Sean Brown on Facebook, and check out his website, politicalcult.com. 
God Bless. 
VOTE FOR DONALD TRUMP AND TOGETHER WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Search for: ",0
11407,19 men cry rape by Iran's top Quran reader,"Print Saeed Toosi, right, and Ayatollah Khamenei 
After failed attempts by top Iran officials to cover up the scandal, the nation’s leading reciter of the Quran and close friend of Ayatollah Khamenei has been accused of raping 19 of his students and charged with “advocating corruption.” 
Saeed Toosi, 46, winner of the first prize for reading the Quran, both internationally and locally, fell under suspicion after a broadcast by Persian Voice of America – banned for viewing by Tehran – in which three alleged rape victims came forward with written and audio evidence and described sexual assaults by Toosi, reported Al Arabiya. 
In an audio recording, Toosi said that Khamenei knew of the sexual assaults and, together with the head of Iran’s judicial authority, had agreed to a cover-up to protect the reputation of the nation’s quranic institution and the regime. 
It’s time to stop tiptoeing around the facts. “The Politically Incorrect Guide to Islam and the Crusades” is a much-needed dose of truth about the “religion of peace.” 
One document has Toosi admitting that his actions with his students had been a “mistake.” One of the victims – a recent first-place winner in a quranic competition – claimed he was raped when he was 12 while traveling abroad with Toosi to attend a competition. The mentor, according to the charge, booked the pair in a single hotel room where the attack took place. 
All victims who have filed statements were between 12 and 14 at the time of the alleged attacks. The incidents took place over the past seven years during “quranic trips to more than 20 countries in the world aimed at ‘spreading the quranic culture’ and to participate in quranic competitions.” 
Toosi is highly respected as Iran’s most celebrated reader of the Quran and was previously called an “exemplary model to be followed” by Khamenei, current supreme leader of Iran. He is a permanent guest of Khamenei in the annual quranic councils celebrated during Ramadan. Last May, Toosi was asked to recite verses from the Quran at the opening session of the Shura council, with many of Iran’s top officials in attendance. 
The students told Persian VOA they had filed charges with the House of Leadership, but officials dismissed their claims, citing a “repentance letter” from Toosi admitting his actions and claiming to be a “changed man.” 
While Iran officially imposes the death penalty for homosexuality, sex between men and boys is viewed with some toleration in the culture, causing confusion as to whether the resulting relationships are consensual or forced. The case is further complicated by the fact allegations of sexual misconduct against powerful officials are unheard of in the Islamic Republic. 
According to the reformist Amad News, officials held a two-hour emergency meeting with the judiciary following outcries over the broadcast. The initial intent to bury the story failed after it reached the national press and resulted in Toosi now being charged. 
Judiciary chief Ayatollah Sadeq Larijani, whom the victims’ audio showed conspiring with Khamenei to cover up the incidents, defended the regime’s handling of the case, London Guardian reported. Larijani called for punishment of those who cooperated with “hostile media” in the VOA story, “so we know who is [loyal] to the revolution and who is not.” 
The case has been given to a judge for a ruling, though there will be no public trial. Awad News reports members of the Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution are planning to “assassinate” Toosi to end the scandal and save the regime’s reputation. 
Toosi, who has denied the charges against him – calling them “total lies” meant to discredit Iran’s religious institutions and the ayatollah – is reportedly threatening to release the names of 100 of Iran’s top officials he claims are implicated in the rape and molestation of children, if the prosecution proceeds.",0
11408,AMERICA STUNNED! — Mein Trumpf Storms into the White House,"Political analyst of the Daily Mail Introduced by Lasha Darkmoon with additional comments (includes historic 20-minute video) “Most European leaders can barely bring themselves to look at him.” — Dominic Sandbrook LASHA DARKMOON’S INTRODUCTION : Only yesterday an esteemed political commentator on my site had these prophetic words to say: “Whoever wins, it’s going to be a shock to end all shocks. Half of America will be shocked by jubilant rapture, the other half by black despair. I’ve never know any other election like this.” 
Like so any others who have ended up with egg on their faces, the same commentator had confidently predicted a victory for Hillary Clinton. These false prophets, among whom we can number the author of this present article, Dominic Sandbrook, were convinced that Hillary Clinton would soon be installed in the White House. Here is what our esteemed commentator told us yesterday. How hollow and even ridiculous his words sound today! I quote them only because they are so typical. 
Listen buddies, you are my online friends and I hope you’re all gonna be made very happy tomorrow morning as Trump becomes the new Augustus of Pax Americana . But I have this sinking feeling in my gut that it ain’t gonna happen. Hillary is gonna win because all the cards are stacked in her favor. 
Remember this, even if 70% of Americans vote for Trump, those Diebold voting machines are gonna turn real nasty and start spitting out fire and devil smoke. 
And it’s gonna be Crazy Hillary and rapist Hubby Bill waltzing into the White House and up the gallery stairs into the hot tub on the top floor, with assorted nymphettes simpering among the bubbles and going “Oooh! . . . Ahhh! . . . take it easy sir, I’m only a Girl Scout!” 
Ya can’t make this up. 🙂 
Silly words? Obviously. If I’d said them myself, I’d now be blushing with shame for making such a fool of myself. 
The fact is, we have all made fools of ourselves, not least the Republican Party that took the unprecedented step of disowning their own candidate, Donald Trump, and giving their support to his Democratic competitor Hillary Clinton. Here was a man, they alleged shamefully, who was was in the pocket of Vladimir Putin and took orders from the Kremlin. He was closer to the Kremlin than he was to Nato. If America elected this man, they spluttered, the trump of doom —no pun intended—would soon be reverberating from Washington to Vladivostok. 
The man they spat upon and denigrated so treacherously is now their boss. Let’s hope he punishes them. Let’s hope he puts Hillary behind bars, as he promised . 
If he now does a U-turn and cuddles up to the Establishment, and if his first trip abroad is to Tel Aviv, his millions of supporters will know they have been cruelly betrayed. Just as Tony Blair betrayed Britain, turning into one of the greatest liars and war criminals in British history, it remains to be seen if Trump is not going to do a similar U-turn by cuddling up to the enemies of America: to the Rothschilds and Soroses and Adelsons and the neoconservative warmongers who put Israel before America and pay regular visits to the Wailing Wall. 
And so we come now to this “prophetic” article by Dominic Sandbrook, political sage of the Daily Mail . I wish it were satire. It is not. It is written, three days before the election on November 5, with a straight face. Fasten your seat belts, dear readers, and get ready for a good laugh. Here is the mainstream media at its most fatuous and farcical, spewing forth imbecilities for the semi-moronic masses. Oh, how sad! and how deeply sobering. [LD] WHAT IF TRUMP DID WIN? by Dominic Sandbrook 
The 45th President of the United States reached his 1,000th day in office yesterday, and he marked it in characteristic style. 
Rising shortly before lunch, the most powerful man in the world took a congratulatory phone call from his closest ally, Russia’s Vladimir Putin, before strolling into the White House Rose Garden, where a group of swimwear models were waiting with an enormous white and gold cake. 
‘Thank you, Mr President,’ they chorused, ‘for making America great again!’ 
If the impromptu party was overshadowed by the chanting of thousands of protesters outside the perimeter, the President showed no sign of being particularly worried. 
‘Take care of them,’ he told the head of his Russian bodyguard, who had replaced the Secret Service a few months ago. Then he nodded meaningfully at the models: ‘I’ll see you girls later . . .’ 
According to his spokesman, the President spent the afternoon closeted with his advisers in a private suite at his wife Melania’s $1,000-an-hour spa (formerly the White House’s East Wing), discussing the opening of his Senate impeachment trial in a few days’ time. Then he retired for the evening with some of his closest confidants, among them the actor Charlie Sheen, the former heavyweight champion Mike Tyson and the ex-wrestler Hulk Hogan. 
To look at the President’s beaming, orange-skinned face, you would hardly know that Washington is in meltdown, that he faces multiple congressional investigations into his finances and that, every day, rival mobs of demonstrators do battle only steps from the White House. 
Nor would you know that the American economy is in deep recession, its cities are ablaze after months of race riots, an undeclared war is raging on the Mexican border and a nuclear conflict now seems inevitable in the Pacific. 
Never has the gap between image and reality been greater. Never has the world’s greatest republic plunged to such depths. 
But then what did you expect from President Donald Trump? 
The trouble started within moments of Mr Trump’s unexpected comeback victory in the election of Tuesday, November 8, 2016, when riots broke out in several cities, including Chicago, Boston, Miami and Los Angeles. 
Thousands of buildings were burned, but the new president-elect nevertheless maintained that it had been the ‘greatest night’ in American history: ‘The greatest. Period.’ 
In his victory speech he broke with the traditional courtesies by openly pouring scorn on his defeated opponent, Hillary Clinton (‘a major-league loser’), and promising his supporters that ‘Crooked Hillary’ would shortly be facing a ‘long stretch in jail’. LD : Wrong! See the 20-minute video below in which Trump, doing his first apparent U-turn, lavishes words of praise on Hillary and tells Americans how grateful they should be to her for all her hard work and dedication. So what happened to all that talk of putting her behind bars? 
In fact, Mrs Clinton remains very much at large. 
Even though President Trump insisted that her criminal conviction would be one of his chief priorities, and immediately appointed a special prosecutor with a brief to investigate her activities dating back to the Seventies, the FBI are reportedly still trawling through thousands of emails, having unearthed yet another tranche last month. 
There were more signs of the new era, meanwhile, at his inauguration ceremony in January 2017, when Mr Trump appeared on the stage waving his ‘Make America Great Again’ baseball cap, in front of a mock-classical façade in which his own surname was spelled out in gigantic, diamond-studded letters. 
Unusually, the 45th President broke with precedent by refusing to deliver a prepared speech, preferring to ‘speak from the heart’, as he put it. 
Returning to some familiar themes, he told his audience that his predecessor, Barack Obama, was a ‘terrorist’ and a ‘Muslim’, that most Mexicans were ‘rapists’ and ‘murderers’, that China was ‘in for a shock’ and that Nato was ‘a complete waste of time and money’. 
Most foreign leaders were appalled. But one man who clearly approved was Vladimir Putin, who had been the first head of state to telephone his congratulations to the new president-elect. 
After only two weeks in office, Mr Trump rewarded his new friend by making his first overseas trip to Moscow, where he assured the press that Mr Putin ‘couldn’t have been nicer’ and promised that under his administration, the Russians would be ‘our number one ally. Number One. I mean that’. LD : It remains to be seen whether Trump’s first trip abroad is to Moscow or Tel Aviv. That would be the litmus test. 
His European tour later in 2017, however, was a disaster. 
After Mr Trump was recorded making remarks about Germany’s Angela Merkel that cannot be repeated in a family newspaper, he moved on to London, where he told Theresa May that she had a ‘massive Muslim problem’ and urged her to redevelop Chequers as a high-end golf course. 
Today, the American republic’s reputation in the world has never been lower. Even at the United Nations it has become a laughing stock, especially after Mr Trump’s UN ambassador, Sarah Palin, gave a speech in which she confused Iraq and Iran, suggested Africa was a single country and joked about dropping a nuclear bomb on Saudi Arabia. 
On the U.S.-Mexican border, however, things have gone well beyond a joke. 
Work on what Mr Trump calls his ‘Great Wall’ began within days of his inauguration, though it is unlikely to be finished before he leaves office and will reportedly cost at least $25 billion. 
After a series of sabotage attacks by Mexican protesters in mid-2018, Mr Trump abruptly lost patience and ordered the U.S. Marines to cross the border and occupy a strip some ten miles deep — which prompted the Mexican government to move its own troops to within a mile or two of the U.S. incursion. 
As yet, the two sides have merely skirmished, though the death toll currently stands at almost 400 — a figure that would have been unthinkable three years ago. 
It would take only one incident, one clash that gets completely out of hand, to trigger a full-scale war. 
At home, meanwhile, Mr Trump’s authoritarian measures, such as his shambolic and callous attempt to deport 11 million undocumented migrants, have provoked outrage. 
The summer of 2018 was marked by weeks of rioting in many major cities, while the President’s insistence on declaring the Left-wing activist group Black Lives Matter a ‘terrorist organisation’ sparked huge protests on campuses across the nation. 
It was at this point that Congress, already enraged by Mr Trump’s reliance on high-handed and arguably unconstitutional executive orders, began discussing impeachment proceedings against the President. 
But of course, this only enraged his loyal supporters, who maintain that he is the innocent victim of a conspiracy masterminded by Barack Obama, the Clintons and the American media. 
Mr Trump himself remains remarkably unruffled by the prospect of impeachment, though some experts claim his famously unearthly hair is a lot thinner than it used to be. 
He maintains his Congressional critics are ‘crooks’ and ‘liars’, and has made extraordinarily insulting remarks about the potency and masculinity of both the Democratic leader of the Senate, Harry Reid, and the Republican Speaker of the House, Paul Ryan. 
Recently, Mr Trump’s attacks on Congress have reached new heights. He now appears to believe that many leading politicians, both Democratic and Republican, have secretly converted to Islam. 
‘How do we know that the Bushes aren’t Muslims?’ he demanded last week. ‘Why else were they so keen on going to Iraq?’ 
Genuine Muslims, however, have no place in Mr Trump’s America. He made that very clear within hours of taking the oath of office, when he signed an emergency executive order banning any Muslims from entering the United States. 
Since he became President 1,000 days ago, attacks on Muslim Americans, including men and women who have worn their nation’s uniform, have reportedly increased tenfold. 
There have been arson attacks on mosques in Boston, New York, Chicago and Detroit, all of which Mr Trump refused point-blank to visit afterwards. 
All of this has naturally put him at odds with America’s traditional Nato allies. But Mr Trump’s disregard for Nato was well-known even before he took office. 
Most European leaders can barely bring themselves to look at him. 
Theresa May has reportedly not even said a word to him for more than a year. But as Mr Trump is fond of reminding people, ‘small-time’ countries such as Britain and Germany are ‘finished’. ‘My friend Vladimir,’ he says smugly, ‘is the strongest man in the world. Apart from myself, obviously.’ 
As it happens, the Russian President is scheduled to fly into Washington next week to express his solidarity at the beginning of his friend’s formal trial in the Senate. As usual, Putin is likely to arrive with a large military entourage, many of whom are expected to stay on in the U.S. capital as additional ‘security’ for his beleaguered ally. 
As Mr Trump remarked last week, he has already arranged a suitable welcoming committee of young American female interns for his Russian counterpart. 
‘All gorgeous,’ he said proudly. ‘I just start kissing them . . . and when you’re a president, they let you do it, you can do anything.’ “I can’t stop kissing them. When you’re a president, you can do anything !” 
Those last words have been something of a motto for Mr Trump. Since his election as President, he has indeed done anything he wants. 
The result, however, has not merely tarnished forever the image of the Presidency, driven the American economy into recession and destroyed relations between religions and races. It has shattered the Western alliance, allowed Vladimir Putin to rebuild the Soviet empire and left the United States on the brink of nuclear war with the world’s most populous country. 
Yet even as American cities burn and Congress attempts to drive him from office, Mr Trump remains undaunted. HISTORIC — TRUMP’S VICTORY SPEECH VIDEO : 20 mins",0
11409,Can Raf Simons Reinvent Calvin Klein? - The New York Times,"In a nondescript office building on West 39th Street, behind    doors and a stack of nondisclosure agreements, Raf Simons is at work, rebuilding the house of Calvin Klein. Calvin Klein’s is a name so famous as to have earned pride of place on underwear bands the world over. Maybe yours. Mr. Klein was, in the words of The New York Times, a “pop star” and “the first American designer to become   famous. ” That name is synonymous with American fashion design in the 20th century, part of a small,   pantheon that includes Ralph (Lauren) Donna (Karan) and Oscar (de la Renta). His forte was sportswear: easy, effortless clothes, later expanded to include blockbuster underwear and jeans. But you knew that. It was more than 30 years ago when a young Brooke Shields cooed that nothing comes between her and her Calvins. She did not need to specify which Calvin. Mr. Simons, though by no means unknown, is not Calvin. His name, Raf (rhymes with “laugh,” with a rolled Flemish R) is invoked with adoration in   circles. But even after a successful stint as the artistic director of Christian Dior, he has arrived in New York with less name recognition among the public. His task is to bring energy and excitement back to Calvin Klein  —   and back, by extension, to New York fashion. “I think it’s very exciting for New York to have someone of his caliber come here,” said Grace Coddington, the creative director at large of Vogue, who first came to the United States as a design director for Calvin Klein in the 1980s. In recent years, New York fashion and especially New York Fashion Week have been dogged by a reputation for spotlighting both too much and not enough. The city’s relatively democratic show schedule packed a couple of hundred runway shows and presentations into a “week” stretching to eight days or more, but much of it has not been considered on par with what is shown in Milan or Paris. “The New York shows have often felt slightly odd to the Europeans, I think,” said Gert Jonkers, a founder of the magazines Fantastic Man and The Gentlewoman, who has not attended New York shows in several years. “It’s a busy schedule, but with a lot of things that don’t speak to us. I won’t fly   for one or two   shows. I know there are other shows in New York, but I just don’t feel the urgency. ” Mr. Simons, 49, considered one of the great designers of his generation, is well positioned to ratchet up that urgency. From the obscure perch of his own Raf Simons men’s wear label, he won over critics in Paris in the late 1990s and early aughts. Cathy Horyn, then the fashion critic of The Times and one of Mr. Simons’s most enduring supporters, wrote in 2004 that in all her years reporting on fashion, she had “stood up from only a handful of shows with a conviction that everything had been transformed. ” Mr. Simons’s was one. Yet he maintained such a low profile that when he was named the creative director of Jil Sander in 2005, many in the industry hardly knew who he was. Mr. Simons breathed new life into Jil Sander, and after six years there, as Ms. Sander returned, he joined Dior, ascending to one of the highest mounts of Parisian    and haute couture. He stabilized Dior, rocked by L’Affaire Galliano  —   John Galliano, its previous designer, went on a drunken,   public tirade that cost him his job and tarnished Dior’s image  —   and won the support of consumers (sales rose 60 percent under his tenure) the press and Hollywood. (It was one of Mr. Simons’s Dior gowns that tripped Jennifer Lawrence on her way to accept her Oscar.) He left Dior in 2015, citing the breakneck pace required to keep up with so many collections and shows each year. Yet the pace is only likely to quicken for Mr. Simons, who has relocated from Antwerp, Belgium, a city small enough that its fledgling designers count seeing him at the supermarket as a celebrity sighting, to Manhattan, with a mandate to revivify Calvin Klein. He has been given complete creative control, of a type not seen since Mr. Klein and his partner, Barry Schwartz, sold the company to the   Heusen Corporation in 2002 Mr. Klein stepped down from design the next year. Mr. Simons has oversight of all of the many categories and varieties of products that bear the brand name, from the   Calvin Klein Collection and the   apparel and accessories carried at malls and Macy’s, to underwear, jeans and fragrances (both for men and women) as well as home goods. As if this were not enough, he has imported his namesake Raf Simons men’s wear collection and keeps a studio for it in the Calvin Klein headquarters. After showing in Paris for some 20 years, Mr. Simons presented the collection last week during the men’s wear shows in New York, where he was received as a conquering hero. “I never really thought it over from the point of view that I would possibly be the activator for New York: Men’s or the savior for New York: Men’s,” he told The Wall Street Journal. “But I would be more than happy if I could be a help. ” Mr. Simons was indeed a help, and his addition to the men’s fashion schedule increased registration and attendance, said Steven Kolb, the chief executive of the Council of Fashion Designers of America, which organizes the New York shows. He is likely to repeat the trick with Calvin Klein on Friday at its coed show during New York Fashion Week. “We’re all incredibly excited to see what he does for that brand,” said Glenda Bailey, the editor of Harper’s Bazaar. “It is a real highlight on our calendar, and I know that several of the international editors are coming in, wanting to get here for Calvin. ” The draw could hardly come at a better time. New York Fashion Week has lately been subject to   defections of homegrown talent. Several companies, including Tommy Hilfiger, opted to show in Los Angeles rather than in New York this season, and three of New York Fashion Week’s most respected labels are moving their shows to Paris  —   Rodarte and Hood by Air as of this season, and Proenza Schouler as of next. “New York definitely needs some excitement,” said Jennifer Sunwoo, the executive vice president and general merchandise manager for women’s wear at Barneys New York. Mr. Simons is, in a sense, an unusual person to provide it. He is serious, intense and   more discussed but less known by many in the fashion establishment than his more bombastic peers. He keeps close, nearly cloistered company, an inner circle that he has imported with him to Calvin Klein. That includes devoted staff, including Pieter Mulier, his longtime No. 2 and now the creative director of Calvin Klein Mr. Mulier’s boyfriend, Matthieu Blazy, the design director of women’s    and Mr. Simons’s boyfriend,   d’Orazio, now a senior director of “brand experience. ” He is also continuing to collaborate with artists like Sterling Ruby, who once worked with Mr. Simons on a collection and has been spotted at the Calvin Klein studios, and the   duo Willy Vanderperre and Olivier Rizzo, friends from their days at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp, who have worked with him on Calvin Klein’s new advertising campaigns. Since Mr. Simons’s designs for the new collections are so tightly guarded that even many Calvin Klein staff members have not yet seen them, these ads are the only glimpse of what Calvin Klein could look like under his watch. (Mr. Simons declined to comment for this article.) Advertising may seem an ephemeral marker of change, but few were as aware of its power and potential as Mr. Klein himself. Many of the ads the fashion world considers iconic were manufactured at Mr. Klein’s   CRK Advertising studio: Kate Moss, nude, at her heroin chicest Mark Wahlberg, then known as Marky Mark, grabbing his groin through boxer briefs. The new ad campaign, appearing now, features models in their underpants, just as many of Mr. Klein’s most provocative did. But Mr. Simons runs cool where Mr. Klein ran hot. In one shot, photographed at the Rubell Family Collection in Miami, they gaze, backs to the camera, at a canvas by Mr. Ruby. Mr. Klein’s models were barely contained by their Calvins, courting scandal and the occasional recall Mr. Simons’s are gawky in the European   style, and barely fill theirs out. Another campaign, for Calvin Klein By Appointment, offsets dresses made to order  —   a sort of American sportswear version of couture  —   with flat shots of a pair of classic white Calvin Klein briefs. “I thought it was interesting they put the underwear in every other photograph  —   the iconic thing he’s known for,” said Sam Shahid, the veteran art director who ran CRK Advertising during the ’80s and early ’90s. “But I’m not sure it’s Calvin. It doesn’t have the same sensuality or sexuality. It doesn’t have the physicality Calvin always had. It’s more like Raf Simons. ” Of course, more like Raf Simons is, in part, exactly what PVH, Calvin Klein’s parent company, wants. Mr. Simons has been handed the keys to the kingdom with the hope that he will reinvigorate a brand that, despite $8. 2 billion in sales in 2015, was seen by many as coasting and too diffuse. Several of the company’s longtime executives left or were dismissed just before his arrival or just after, including the creative directors of its   Calvin Klein Collection (Francisco Costa, who designed the women’s line, and Italo Zucchelli, who designed the men’s) Kevin Carrigan, the creative director of its more affordable commercial collections (who recently moved to Ralph Lauren) Amy Mellen, the senior vice president for design of Calvin Klein Home and Melisa Goldie, the chief marketing officer. Calvin in recent years has meant Justin Bieber, Kendall Jenner and their ilk showing off “#mycalvins. ” Now Mr. Simons is busily reinterpreting the whole enterprise from the logo up. “He’s such a visionary,” Ms. Sunwoo, of Barneys New York, said. “We’re very confident about his ability to transform the brand and really make it much more relevant than it has been. ” So much so that Barneys agreed to carry the new collection sight unseen. “We’re all in,” she said. “That’s how much we believe in Raf. ” It is one thing for luxury retailers to believe in Raf it is another for the general consumer, who may not be aware of him. Calvin Klein Collection has historically received the bulk of press coverage and the spotlight offered by runway shows but accounts for a small percentage of the company’s sales. “We used to joke that that whole business was smoke and mirrors,” said a former employee, who declined to speak on the record, citing continuing business relationships. PVH’s goal for Calvin Klein is to reach $10 billion in global sales by 2020. The majority of Calvin Klein revenue comes from its jeans, underwear and fragrances, according to Magdalena Kondej, the head of apparel and footwear research at Euromonitor International. Mr. Simons, whose specialty is in   fashion, is relatively untested in these areas. A recent editorial on the Business of Fashion website made the point plain: “Can Raf Go Mass?” Or, to put it another way, since the customer is king (and queen): Will mass go Raf? Calvin Klein is a major draw at Macy’s, which sells its apparel and accessories, jeans, underwear, fragrances and home goods. “It’s a very powerful brand for us,” said Tim Baxter, the chain’s chief merchandising officer. But will the Raf Simons name resonate with Macy’s customers? “It’s hard to say,” he said. “Our customer clearly understands the power of the Calvin Klein brand. Certainly our most   customers will understand the change in leadership, but I think the vast majority of our customers just really respect the brand. ” (The store says that Calvin Klein is one of its top five   brands.) How Mr. Simons’s Calvin Klein will play out at retail will have to wait. On Friday morning, it makes its runway debut, as one of the most anticipated shows of New York Fashion Week. “I definitely feel this is one of those moments everyone will look back at, seeing Raf’s first season showing,” said Humberto Leon, a founder of Opening Ceremony, which has teamed with Calvin Klein Jeans and Calvin Klein Underwear on projects in recent years. Ms. Coddington is cautiously optimistic about the pairing. “All those houses that take on new people, it’s always a challenge and a gamble,” she said. “You just pray that it works for everybody. ”",0
11411,Would A Trump Presidency Make SJWs EVEN MORE Aggressive–And Is Secession The Answer?,"November 7, 2016, 8:05 pm A+ | a- Warning   
Writing at the Federalist , libertarian NeverTrumper Cathy Young [ ] makes a convincing case that the election of Donald Trump, the supposed anti-PC candidate, could actually lead to an intensification of PC culture. Young’s basic thesis is that, if someone as, umm, let’s say immoderate, as Trump could get elected President (in part as an anti-PC champion, no less), it would validate the PC belief that “crude xenophobia” and “toxic masculinity” really are pervasive problems. [ Why Electing Donald Trump Could Make Political Correctness Worse , November 7, 2016] And so the PC crowd would double-down even further. 
I think this is a good analysis. Of course, Young’s implicit assumption is that increasing political polarization is a problem that can be solved, that a center-Right, classical liberal consensus is the goal. But the time for that has passed. So kudos to Young for identifying the problem, but we need a new solution—such as Michael Hart’s proposal for the peaceful secession of Red State America.",0
11412,"With No Deal on New Jersey Gas Tax, Christie Orders Shutdown of Road Projects - The New York Times","For months, Gov. Chris Christie had said that New Jersey’s transportation funding was not in a crisis, even as the state inched closer toward exhausting its principal fund for roads, bridges and mass transit. But after Mr. Christie embraced plans this week to raise the state’s gas tax, and the   State Senate balked at the proposed   Mr. Christie quickly changed his tune. Shortly after 11 p. m. on Thursday, Mr. Christie declared a state of emergency and moved to shut down most road work. Allowing the transportation fund to go broke would be “disastrous” and jeopardize people’s safety, Mr. Christie said in an executive order. By raising the prospect of potholes going unfixed and construction workers being laid off, Mr. Christie ratcheted up the pressure on state lawmakers to reach an agreement. But his sudden turnabout stunned politicians and interest groups in the state. The governor directed the state transportation commissioner and the executive director of New Jersey Transit to submit plans by Saturday night for an “immediate and orderly shutdown” of most work funded by the state transportation trust fund. Any work that is federally funded or necessary for safety reasons could continue, Mr. Christie said. Mr. Christie, a Republican, had reached a deal with the   State Assembly earlier in the week to raise the state’s gas tax in exchange for lowering the sales tax. But on Thursday, Democratic leaders in the State Senate said they could not support the agreement because it would harm the state budget. State transportation officials said that   orders were unlikely to go into effect quickly enough to affect the Fourth of July weekend and that such work was rarely scheduled for holiday weekends. Still, concerns over snarled traffic could cause some people to think twice about using the roads, said Brigid Callahan Harrison, a professor of political science and law at Montclair State University who had been closely watching the debate over transportation funding. “Even if the average New Jerseyan doesn’t see this over the weekend, there is an element of uncertainty that is damaging to the state,” she said. The surprise order came as Mr. Christie was being vetted as a possible running mate for Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee for president. Mr. Christie had agreed to support a   increase in exchange for lowering the state sales tax to 6 percent from 7 percent by 2018. Lowering the sales tax would cut revenue by about $1. 7 billion each year after it is fully implemented, while the changes to the gas tax would increase revenue by about $1. 1 billion each year, according to the state’s Office of Legislative Services. On Thursday night, Mr. Christie rebuked Senate leaders for failing to approve the legislation. The transportation trust fund is expected to run out of money by August, the executive order said. State Senate leaders favor an earlier plan supported by some lawmakers in both houses to raise the gas tax and phase out the estate tax. Under both proposals, the gas tax would rise by about 23 cents per gallon. Mr. Christie’s decision could intensify political pressure on the Senate president, Stephen M. Sweeney, a Democrat who has close ties to labor unions and may run for governor next year. “You can bet that organized labor and all of the associated businesses will be putting pressure on Sweeney to compromise in some way,” Professor Harrison said. On Friday, Mr. Sweeney said in a statement that he was disappointed by the governor’s decision and that it would lead to layoffs. It was unclear when lawmakers might return to Trenton to address transportation funding Vincent Prieto, the Assembly speaker, said negotiations could resume during the second week of July. Mr. Christie is expected to attend the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, which starts on July 18. For years, lawmakers and transit advocates have raised alarm about the need for a new source of funding for the state’s roads, bridges and transit system. But Mr. Christie, who ended his presidential campaign this year, was reluctant to raise taxes and said the funding was not in crisis. New Jersey’s gas tax is the second lowest in the country, at 14. 5 cents per gallon. Both proposals would raise it to about 37. 5 cents per gallon, still less than New York State’s gas tax. On Friday, Mr. Prieto said the Assembly was willing to compromise with the Senate on the legislation. “We all know we need a transportation funding plan the governor will sign and we need it as soon as possible,” Mr. Prieto, a Democrat, said in a statement. “This is too important for jobs  —   especially in our construction industry  —   and our economy to allow this to continue. ”",0
11413,"Samantha Bee: Who Gives A F**K About Trump, The ‘Dauphin Of Breitbartistan’ (VIDEO)","Samantha Bee: Who Gives A F**K About Trump, The ‘Dauphin Of Breitbartistan’ (VIDEO) By Carrie MacDonald   
Warning: This article contains direct quotes from Samantha Bee that may be unsuitable for children. 
Comedian and host of Comedy Central’s Full Frontal Samantha Bee never disappoints. Her most recent broadcast was one of her best. I mean, come on — how often do you get to hear the word “dauphin” on late night television? Bee: Trump Is The ‘Dauphin Of Breitbartistan’ 
Samantha Bee, decked out in a “Nasty Woman” shirt, wasted no time getting the jabs in at Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on her Monday night show. In her opening segment, she likened Trump to the cartoon Wile E. Coyote, ever-thwarted by the Road Runner, saying : “Oh, Donald. It’s like you spotted Hillary painting a tunnel entrance onto a mountain, called her on it, and then ran at it anyway.” 
Bee pivoted to Trump’s controversial statement from the last debate, in which he said he may not accept the election results. Bee’s response to that? “In case you haven’t noticed, you’re not the president. You’re just the Dauphin of Breitbartistan. Concede, don’t concede, we don’t give a fuck. We’ll be busy swearing in the 45th president.” 
Boom. 
Bee was, of course, referring to the Breitbart News website – an online haven for neo-Nazis run by Trump’s campaign CEO, Stephen Bannon . She Didn’t Stop With Trump 
Samantha Bee’s comic hammer came down on all Republicans, as it so often does. She ripped into them having the nerve to call out Trump’s statement as horrifying after eight years of unprecedented obstructionism. 
Honestly, I don’t think my words can do Samantha Bee justice. Just watch her opening segment below and remember how lucky we are to have her voice. 
Warning: This video contains graphic language that may not be suitable for all audiences. 
Featured Image via screenshot from YouTube video 
Note: The character of Pepe the Frog was created in 2005 by Matt Furie and has been co-opted by the alt-right. Furie believes this is just a phase that will die out soon, returning Pepe to his “sly, lovable, and charming status.” About Carrie MacDonald 
Carrie is a progressive mom and wife living in the upper Midwest. Connect",0
11414,Reporters Stunned to Learn Trump Fans Lining Up 12 Hours Before Rally Starts,"Hillary Camp Caught on Camera Telling Tiny Crowd What to Cheer for 
Fitzpatrick wound up being just one of an estimated 10,000 who reportedly showed up for the event. So many Floridians came to see Trump, in fact, that the hangar ran out of space. 
“They said, ‘The people don’t fit into the hangar,'” Trump himself later admitted to his supporters at the start of his speech. “I said, ‘That’s a good problem — isn’t it?'” 
Actually, it was a great problem — one unknown to Democrat candidate Hillary Clinton and her running mate, Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine, whose rallies have been embarrassingly small in comparison to those for Trump and his own running mate, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence. Advertisement - story continues below 
For instance, a rally held by Kaine in Florida this Monday reportedly attracted roughly 30 attendees: 
Nor was this an isolated event: 
The media has cited countless polls to argue that Trump is slated to lose the November election, but the huge enthusiasm gap suggests otherwise. Advertisement - story continues below",0
11415,End Game: Will Michelle Obama Be The Nominee When FBI Email Investigation Ends Hillary Clinton’s Campaign?,"Home » Headlines » World News » End Game: Will Michelle Obama Be The Nominee When FBI Email Investigation Ends Hillary Clinton’s Campaign? 
Was THIS the plan all along? 

From Michael Snyder : 
I realize that this headline must sound extremely bizarre, but in this article I will explain why this could actually happen. We have just learned that the FBI has obtained a search warrant that will enable the agency to examine approximately 650,000 emails that are sitting on electronic devices owned by Huma Abedin and her estranged husband Anthony Weiner. 
Now that the FBI is going through these emails, it is unlikely but still possible that a decision about whether or not to charge Hillary Clinton with a crime could be made by November 8th. Of course the most likely scenario is that Hillary Clinton will not be indicted before election day and that Americans will be voting with this scandal hanging ominously over the Clinton campaign. But if the FBI does quickly take action, it is possible that Hillary Clinton could be forced from the race before election day, and that would require the Democrats to come up with a new candidate. 
In fact, there are already calls in the mainstream media for Clinton to willingly remove herself from the race. For example, the following comes from a Chicago Tribune article entitled “Democrats should ask Clinton to step aside“… 
So what should the Democrats do now? 
If ruling Democrats hold themselves to the high moral standards they impose on the people they govern, they would follow a simple process: 
They would demand that Mrs. Clinton step down, immediately, and let her vice presidential nominee, Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia, stand in her place. 
Democrats should say, honestly, that with a new criminal investigation going on into events around her home-brew email server from the time she was secretary of state, having Clinton anywhere near the White House is just not a good idea. 
But what the author of that article does not understand is that Tim Kaine would not automatically take her place if Clinton steps down before the election. In a previous article, I included a quote from a U.S. News & World Report articlethat explained what would happen if Hillary Clinton was removed from the Democratic ticket for some reason prior to November 8th… 
If Clinton were to fall off the ticket, Democratic National Committee members would gather to vote on a replacement. DNC members acted as superdelegates during this year’s primary and overwhelmingly backed Clinton over boat-rocking socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont. 
DNC spokesman Mark Paustenbach says there currently are 445 committee members – a number that changes over time and is guided by the group’s bylaws, which give membership to specific officeholders and party leaders and hold 200 spots for selection by states, along with an optional 75 slots DNC members can choose to fill. 
But the party rules for replacing a presidential nominee merely specify that a majority of members must be present at a special meeting called by the committee chairman. The meeting would follow procedures set by the DNC Rules and Bylaws Committee and proxy voting would not be allowed. 
So if this email scandal forced Hillary Clinton to exit the race at the last minute, a majority of the members of the Democratic National Committee would gather to select a new nominee. 
Who would they choose? 
Let’s take a look at the top five options… 
#1 Tim Kaine 
He would seem to be an obvious choice since he is Hillary Clinton’s running mate. But to win a national campaign you need to have name recognition, and most Americans outside of the state of Virginia have very little familiarity with him. 
And at this point he has proven to have very little popularity on the campaign trail. In fact, attendance at many of his rallies in key swing states can be measured in the dozens. 
So to me it seems unlikely that the DNC would select Kaine as the replacement nominee. 
#2 Joe Biden 
Vice-President Joe Biden has far more name recognition than Tim Kaine does, and in recent days he has been touting how he believes that he would have actually won the nomination if he would have decided to run… 
Vice President Joe Biden said in a recent interview that he believed he could have beat former secretary of state Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination had he pursued it. 
Biden was asked in an interview with CNN Saturday if news that the FBI was re-opening their criminal probe into Clinton’s use of a private email server while secretary of state made him second-guess his decision last year not to run. 
But according to the vice president, the short answer is “no.” The only thing that kept him from running, Biden said, was the recent death of his son, Beau. 
Unfortunately for Biden, he suffers from many of the same things that Kaine does. 
Biden is boring, he is not very good on the campaign trail, and he doesn’t have the sort of charisma that would motivate people to go to the polls in large numbers. 
Biden would probably represent the “safest” choice for the Democrats, but he might not be a winning choice. 
#3 Bernie Sanders 
Bernie Sanders would seem to be a logical choice since he was the runner-up to Hillary Clinton, but the truth is that there are a lot of things working against Bernie Sanders. 
First of all, he does not have any real loyalty to the Democrats. He has previously operated as an independent, and he expressed a desire to return to independent status once the campaign was over. 
Secondly, the Democratic establishment very much dislikes him, and that plays a huge role in decisions such as this. 
Thirdly, Democratic insiders fear that he would be “another McGovern” and would get absolutely wiped out in a general election. 
So even though he is very popular with the radical left, it appears that Sanders would be the least likely choice on this list. 
#4 Elizabeth Warren 
Elizabeth Warren would be very popular with the “Bernie Sanders” wing of the party, and she would enable the party to replace Hillary Clinton with another woman. 
So she is definitely a possibility. 
But she does lack name recognition, and just like Sanders there would be concern that the Republicans would frame her candidacy as “another McGovern” because of her far left policies. 
#5 Michelle Obama 
One recent survey found that 67 percent of all Democrats would rather have a third term for Obama than a first term for Hillary Clinton. 
And these days Barack Obama’s approval rating is running anywhere from +9 to +11. 
So the thought of another Obama in the White House is not as far-fetched as you might think. 
Michelle Obama has better name recognition than anyone else on this list, and she is generally very well-liked by the American people. And she has received a tremendous amount of praise for her work on the campaign trail recently. For instance, her recent speech in New Hampshire was lauded as “the most influential speech of the 2016 campaign” in a recent MSN article entitled “In this campaign, Michelle Obama became more than just another political voice“… 
The speech, amplified by timing and met with an enthusiastic response, cemented Obama’s place as a star of the presidential race and put a defining stroke not just on how women view Trump, but also on herself as a voice of moral authority. Three months before leaving the White House, she already is among the ranks of public figures who transcend politics and title. 
“When you rise to a level like that, you see how much weight your words carry,” said Anita McBride, former chief of staff to Laura Bush and executive in residence at the School of Public Affairs at American University. “We know she didn’t like politics. But she was impassioned by the language that was used, and she feels compelled to speak out. People listen to her.” 
If I were the Democrats, Michelle Obama is the one that I would select if a replacement nominee was needed, because she would give them the very best chance of winning against Donald Trump. 
Of course the Obamas are just as radical as Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren, but the American people have become quite comfortable with them at this point. 
And I certainly hope that Michelle Obama does not become the nominee if Hillary Clinton has to step aside, because Donald Trump would have an exceedingly difficult time defeating her. 
In the final analysis, none of this is probably going to matter anyway because it is unlikely that the FBI will move quickly enough to force Hillary Clinton out before election day, but there is still a small chance that it could actually happen. 
And if it does happen, it is going to turn politics in America completely upside down. 
Buy 2017 Gold Pandas and Buy 2017 Silver Panda Coins On Pre-Sale Now! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion!",0
11416,Rachel Maddow Shines the Light on Trump’s White Supremacist Support,"By Hrafnkell Haraldsson   9:04 am The KKK newspaper features the front page full page story ""Make America Great Again"" with a big featured center photo of Donald Trump   
Rachel Maddow traces the history of the post-Civil War “Enforcement Acts” signed by President Ulysses S. Grant, including the Ku Klux Klan Act , or The Enforcement Act of 1871 (17 Stat. 13), which still makes it illegal to conspire to intimidate voters. 
To show that the Klan Act is not “vestigial” but very much relevant in this election, Maddow points to the citation of this law by the Democrat Party in a “whole raft of lawsuits” in Nevada, Arizona, Pennsylvania and Ohio alleging voter intimidation. 
Maddow points out that though voter intimidation is illegal anyway, the significance of the Klan Act is that it prohibits “conspiracy” to “prevent by force, intimidation, or threat, any citizen who is lawfully entitled to vote, from giving his support or advocacy in a legal manner, toward or in favor of the election of any lawfully qualified person as an elector for President or Vice President, or as a member of Congress of the United States.” 
As an example of the role the KKK plays in Trump’s campaign, Maddow produced the KKK’s newspaper of today, which bills itself as “The Political Voice of White Christian America,” which, you might note, is identical with Fox News demographic. This paper, she says, “has been turning up on front lawns in the great state of Georgia.” 
Watch courtesy of MSNBC (discussion begins at 9:15 mark): 
Tonight we just got a hold of this disgusting development. This is the newspaper of the Ku Klux Klan today. It’s The Crusader, the political voice of white Christian America. The premier voice of white resistance. They’ve got — you see the white power symbol there in the upper right-hand corner? They’ve got a whole media operation going on apparently. Watch white pride TV, listen to KKK radio 24 hours a day. This newsletter is about 12 pages long, features articles on “the threat of nonwhite immigration,” a very subtle feature on black people committing terrible crimes against white people. There’s an article by the founder of the America First Party which is all about the terrorist Jews. He brags in his byline that he’s the man who David Duke credits for awakening him to the threat of Jewish supremacism. It’s exactly what you would think from the Ku Klux Klan newspaper. If you knew there was a Ku Klux Klan newspaper these days. But the front page full page story is “Make America Great Again” with a big featured center photo of Donald Trump. It’s one of several articles in the paper about Trump, including this in-set article about how Trump’s candidacy is “moving the dialogue forward.” […] Those are a couple of the many, many robocalls that were made during the Republican primary campaign on behalf of Donald Trump’s candidacy, calls made by a white nationalist group that calls itself the American National Super PAC. The Trump campaign doesn’t appear to have anything to do with these calls. They reportedly returned a donation from the white nationalist guy who you hear on the call when it was first reported that he was making these calls and that he was a Trump donor. It was further embarrassing to the Trump campaign when this guy, this farmer and white nationalist who does these robocalls, he was initially picked to be a Trump delegate to the Republican Convention this year before his delegate status once got yanked once it was widely reported. 
Donald Trump’s white supremacist followers have made no secret of the fact that they want a “White homeland” and that, of necessity, the United States must be this White homeland. As Maddow has pointed out in the past, and by their own admission, their “eugenics insanity” is now out in the open because of Donald Trump. 
Don’t believe Maddow? Demographics Pro looked at “10,000 Donald Trump Twitter supporters [and] found that more than one third follow white nationalist Twitter accounts.” 
The fact is, Trump has mainstreamed white supremacy and by not strongly denouncing it, brought it into his own “movement,” which seems to be a meeting place for much more than disaffected white working-class Americans, whatever the mainstream media tells you. 
The Trump campaign is a maelstrom of hate, and the KKK is right at the heart of it.",0
11417,Inventions That Changed Our Lives,"GaryNorth.com October 31, 2016 The world of 1900 was nothing like the world of 1800. The world of 2000 was nothing like the world of 1900. Why? Because of 2% per annum economic growth per capita. 
No one can perceive this low an increase in one year. But when compounded, no one can miss the changes in our lives over a lifetime. I dealt with this in my Mises Institute lecture, “ How Come We’re So Rich? ” 
In my life, I experienced only one major change in my productivity. In late 1980, I switched to a computer to write. I used a primitive version of WordPerfect on a mini-computer: Satellite Software International. In one week, I doubled my output. I continued to use the DOS-based version of the program for the next 25 years. 
For small businesses, the big breakthrough was VisiCalc: the first spreadsheet. This was the “killer App” that made the Apple II the first business microcomputer in 1979. There have been improvements since then, but VisiCalc fundamentally changed the process of business planning. It came as a result of a “what if” class assignment at the Harvard Business School. If any other business program has had a greater impact on how businessmen run their businesses, I am unaware of it. Maybe computerized accounting programs are more widely used, but they are digital versions of paper-based principles that go back six centuries. There has been nothing to match double-entry bookkeeping during this period. 
Tim Berners-Lee converted the Internet into the World Wide Web in 1990. It was a hobby project. The graphics user interface for the Internet launched a communications revolution five years later. A group of nerds at the University of Minnesota invented it. YouTube followed a decade later. Facebook changed the way a billion people live. These were revolutions. They were all originally hobby projects. The applications of these technologies have been decentralized and marginal, but our world is different. 
There are occasional big ideas. There are not many of them. Then decentralized marginal extensions of them change our world. 
This takes the liberty. It takes a free market. No central planner or planning committee could foresee these applications, let alone design one. Yet there are still socialists who imagine that some planning committee could do this. They see all around them the fruits of the private ownership of the means of production, and then they go online to call the rest of us to vote for central planning. 
We think of Bernie Sanders as a socialist. But, compared with Marx, Lenin, and Mao, he is a free enterpriser. He wants wealth redistribution. He and his followers use the word “socialism,” but they still want Facebook and YouTube in private hands. The world around us is the world of decentralized capital. Sanders and his camp want government redistribution of wealth, but they don’t want the world run by the Department of Motor Vehicles. The Best of Gary North Tags: Gary North [ ] is the author of Mises on Money . Visit http://www.garynorth.com . He is also the author of a free 31-volume series, An Economic Commentary on the Bible . Copyright © 2016 Gary North",0
11418,Paranoid apoplexy over the Russkies,"Paranoid apoplexy over the Russkies By Jacob Hornberger Posted on October 28, 2016 by Jacob Hornberger 
As I watch the paranoid apoplexy that U.S. officials and their acolytes in the mainstream press are displaying over the hacking of Democratic Party computers and the disclosure of their emails, I’m tempted to say that it might all be some sort of karmic justice. But since I’m a Christian rather than a Buddhist, I’m more tempted to say that it might all be a ratification of the principle, “You get what you sow.” 
Consider their accusation: that it was the Russkies who did the hacking and the disclosing of those emails. Is there any evidence that they’ve shown us? None! But heaven help anyone who points that out. He will be labeled a lover and defender of Vladimir Putin as well as an American who hates America, one who dares to doubt the word of the U.S. “intelligence establishment.” Why, they might even insinuate that he is a communist or a communist sympathizer, as they did during the old Cold War. 
When it comes to U.S. national-security state accusations against Russia, Americans are supposed to do what they were expected to do during the previous Cold War: hop to, salute, pledge allegiance, and unconditionally accept the conclusions of the U.S. “intelligence community.” Sort of like when they were expected to blindly support the invasion of Iraq based on those WMD conclusions that were being issued by the national-security establishment. 
Don’t ask questions. Just defer to their authority. They know what’s best for us. They have access to information we don’t have. They’re just protecting “national security.” 
Evidence? Who needs any stinking evidence? Everyone knows that the Russkies do these sorts of things. It has to be them. Who else? 
Never mind that these people lie from time to time. Recall Director of National Intelligence James Clapper who lied under oath to Congress about the NSA’s super-secret illegal surveillance scheme on the American people. (Of course nothing happened to him.) Or CIA Director Richard Helm’s lying to Congress about the CIA’s super-secret schemes in Chile to effect regime change there. (He was permitted to plead out to a misdemeanor and hailed as hero back at CIA headquarters.) 
In fact, the subject of Chile raises the possibility that the paranoid apoplexy that these people are experiencing over Russia’s supposed efforts to influence U.S. elections might be some sort of psychological payback for all the things that the U.S. national-security establishment has done to influence elections in other countries. 
In the 1960s, one could be forgiven for concluding that the CIA was a super-secret political party in Chile, given the millions of dollars that the CIA spent to support its candidates in Chile’s elections. Of course, that wasn’t the worst of it. When the 1970 presidential election failed to go the CIA’s way, it bribed members of the Chilean legislature, bribed national food truckers to go on strike, assassinated an innocent man (Rene Schneider, the head of Chile’s armed forces), orchestrated a violent military coup that left the democratically elected president of Chile dead, and then supported a regime that raped, tortured, executed, and assassinated thousands of innocent people, including two innocent Americans, Charles Horman and Frank Teruggi . 
And they’re complaining of a few hacked emails belonging to some U.S. political hacks? 
Don’t forget Guatemala. When the Guatemalan people elected Jacobo Arbenz to be their president, U.S. national-security state officials were outraged because he was a socialist (just like Franklin Roosevelt and Lyndon Johnson, who brought us Social Security and Medicare). So, the CIA did some interfering with that election by instigating a violent military coup in Guatemala, one that sent that nation into a 30-year civil war that killed hundreds of thousands of people. 
What about Iran, where the CIA decided that it would do a some influencing in an election in that country by instigating a coup that ousted the democratically elected prime minister of the country? Americans and Iranians are still paying the price for that bit of influencing. 
Lest anyone think that those democracy-busting regime changes are ancient history and that the U.S. national-security establishment has reformed itself, let’s not forget the massive amount of weaponry and foreign aid that is poured into the coffers of Egypt’s brutal military dictatorship, which ousted a democratically elected president it didn’t like. 
If there weren’t so many innocent people who have suffered death, rape, torture, execution, and assassination from U.S. interference with the elections of other countries, the rank hypocrisy would be rather humorous. The simple fact of the matter is that U.S. officials lack moral standing to complain about any foreign regime’s supposedly influencing U.S. elections. 
I’d be remiss if I failed to point out one humorous aspect of this karmic or you-get-what-you-sow experience. U.S. officials just arrested a national-security state official and charged him with stealing U.S. national-security secret secrets. What are the secrets he stole? He stole secret codes that enable U.S. officials to hack into the computers of foreign regimes! How’s that for a bit of dark irony? It’s just a matter of time before they say that Putin is using the codes that their man stole to hack into the email accounts of Democratic Party hacks. 
One final question: Why are U.S. officials and their mainstream press supporters complaining that everyone is reading those Democratic Party emails? As those people say to Americans who have had their emails, Internet visits, and telephone calls monitored by the NSA, if you have nothing to hide, what are you worried about? This work by MWC News is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License . 
Jacob G. Hornberger is founder and president of The Future of Freedom Foundation. This entry was posted in Commentary . Bookmark the permalink .",0
11419,Trump-Hating Reporter Nearly Catatonic on Air After O’Reilly Proves She’s a Fraud,"“No, I want that one,” asserted O’Reilly. 
“Which one in particular?” she asked. 
He didn’t care. “April or August.” 
Resume stammering: “OK. Um … let’s see. In August, um, let’s see … Um … We had comments that you were going to …‘If someone is being really dishonest,’ referring to the press corps, you would strip them of their credentials as well. It doesn’t sound like an independent thing …” 
Nor does it sound like anything remotely related to what O’Reilly asked for. 
“That doesn’t have anything to do with ‘Lock her up,'” he said. “You are ill-prepared for this interview, Miss Rubin.” 
“No, I’m not. I have a list here,” she said. 
A list from which she was utterly, laughably unable to produce the one thing she was asked for. 
“Miss Rubin,” said O’Reilly, “I have just given you a minute where you hemmed and hawed. You said I justified a comment, ‘Lock her up.’ You can’t point to it. And then you pivot to something else. You are ill-prepared for this. And this is the point I want to make. Your column and blog are a fraud …” 
She then threatened to put the list up on her blog which, according to NewsBusters , never happened. 
Watch the interview; seriously, it’s fun. 
Please share this on Facebook and Twitter and let us know what you think about this interview! What do you think of Rubin's sorry performance? Scroll down to comment below! Advertisement Popular Right Now",0
11420,Pakistan conducts training maneuvers at the border with India - Russia News Now,"This post was originally published on this site 
Riots caused by the publication of the report of Thuli Madonsela, a human rights activist, have not stopped in Pretoria, the capital of South Africa… 
Indian-Pakistani relations have hit a new low point after the Uri Attack in Kashmir. Four militants attacked an Indian military base in Kashmir over… 
The latest reports indicate that the SAARC Summit has been either cancelled or postponed, but the below analysis is still relevant in understanding… 
Protests were held yesterday in the cultural capital of the Indian state of Kerala, in the city of Malappuram. The reason of the protests was the… 
Indian and Chinese troops have taken positions against each other at the icy heights of Ladakh. People’s Liberation Army personnel entered an area… 
The demonetization of the currency notes of five hundred and a thousand rupees could control wide-scale corruption, counterfeit money, illegal tax… 
There was in a huge blast Shah Noorani shrine near near Hub in Balochistan’s Lasbella. About 30 people were killed, and at least 70 wounded. The… 
About 700 troops from seven NATO countries and ten partner countries are participating in this event. 
Indian Prime Minister pays a visit to Japan, where he is planning to meet with Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe and to sign an agreement, concerning… 
Against the backdrop of deteriorating relations between New Delhi and Beijing, the “Hand in Hand 2016” Chinese-Indian war games are starting in India. 
In Beijing, the summit on India’s membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group has been held. «Following the meeting in New Delhi on September 13, the… 
Russian diplomacy in the 21st century is characterized by its trademarked balancing and mutually beneficial pragmatism. This pair of traits is… Related ",0
11421,Nevada Sheriffs: Bloomberg-Backed Background Checks Aren’t Going to Happen - Breitbart,"The universal background checks passed under Nevada’s Question 1 were scheduled to go into effect January 1, but the state’s sheriffs are making clear that it’s not going to happen. [In fact, sheriffs say the December 28 opinion handed down by Nevada Attorney General Adam Paul Laxalt basically renders the checks moot by proving them unenforceable.  Breitbart News reported that Laxalt pointed out how the language of Question 1 actually ensnared those who framed it, rendering it “unenforceable” by presuming the FBI would do that which the FBI refuses to do while simultaneously failing to grant the Nevada Department of Public Safety the authority to act in the FBI’s stead  —   as a “Point of Contact” (POC) for sales in Nevada. Framers of Question 1 wanted licensed gun dealers to serve as POCs throughout the state, but the FBI refused this plan of action in a letter dated December 14. The FBI said they were willing to let the Nevada DPS serve as POC on the universal checks, but that is not possible because the DPS was not granted authority to do so by those who designed the Nevada checks. The   Journal is reporting that sheriff’s across the state reacted to Laxalt’s opinion by making clear that they have no plans to enforce the background checks once the January 1 effective date arrives. For example, the Lyon County Sheriff’s Office voiced “support” for Laxalt’s opinion, saying, “We will not enforce any provisions of this ballot initiative until the issues have been resolved. ” Washoe County Sheriff’s Office spokesman Bob Harmon said, “Based on the Nevada Attorney General’s opinion, the Washoe County Sheriff’s Office cannot enforce this law at this time. ” And the Douglas County Sheriff’s Office is advising residents of its county to “proceed with private party firearm sells and transfers as they did prior to the passing of ballot question #1. ” Storey County Sheriff Gerald Antinoro went even further, saying  Question 1 “is not enforceable even without the opinion. ” The bottom line —  Bloomberg  Co. appear to have acted prematurely in celebrating the passage of gun control in Nevada. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com",0
